1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
The next dispatch is from General Fremont,
McKinstry's express having reached him and
brought buck his orders. Fortunately they came
too late to make another Springfield or Lexington
at Fredericktou:
Headquarters, October 91, 1861.
To Brigadiei General Curtis :
Order all the troop>thut you have sent on the Iron Mount-
ain road back to Benton b.lnacks. The whole affair has
been "lost-ly exajiseialed. Colonel Carlin should have kept
the road open without any additional force.
By order ot Major General Fremont.
C. McKEEVEK, Jl. JL. A. G.
The querulous tone of this dispatch proves that
it emanated from the commanding general, who
never thought anybody to be in danger but him-
self. Itcould not have been Mr.Keever's, because
he had concerted the movements with Curtis which
led to the sending of the reinforcements counter-
manded by Fremont. 1 read another dispatch an-
nouncing the victory:
Headquarters, October 23, 1861.
To Brigadier General Curtis, Benton Barracks .-
Colonel Carlm left Pilot Knob Sunday. Attacked tile
enemv yesterday and muted him. The eighth Wi-eonsin
and Colonel Boyd'-. Mis-oun volunteeis will remain for the
present at Pilot Knob. You will order Colonel St. James
with his command to return immediately to Benton bar-
racks. Orders will be issued at once sending lus regiment
forward to Tipton.
By order: C. McKEEVEIt, Jl- Jl. f?.
A singular fact in connection with this transac-
tion which deserves mention is, that the dispatch
to Curtis, countermanding the reinforcements is
not to be found m the whole batch produced by
the gentleman from Indiana; each of which has
the mark of the folio of Fremont's order-book
attached to it, showing who furnished them, for
the purpose of appropriating to General Fremont
the honors of that victory. The dispatch to Cur-
tis is discreetly left out." May we not presume
that the mail who suppressed that dispatch might
overlook others calculated to throw light on the
other events of the " hundred days." The dis-
patch to Curtis was given to me by that gentle-
man with his own hand; I use it now, that honor
may be given wheic honor is due.
We have heard much in (his House and out of
it of the great army which General Fremont cre-
ated, and of the enthusiasm which he inspired I
had thought that the people of the West had vol-
unteered for the defense of the cause. When the
President made his fiist clall for " three months "
volunteers, the quota was tilled to overflowing in
the West. The second call was filled up before
General Fremont's reluctant footsteps were lured
back from France by the offer of a major general-
ship. Every call made on the people of the West
has been filled, and the acceptance of more men
was refused by the Government. Bat the idola-
ters of General Fremont will have it that his pop-
ularity alone created our western army, and that
the Governors and people of Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Missouri, and the entire Northwest have no
merit at all in this matter; but when we have been
forced by the clamors of his partisans almost to
admit that he alone raised this vast army, and
when we beheld with our eyes their gallant at*
ray, as we did on the grand flotilla which bore
him and them to Cairo, when the pleading f"r suc-
cor fell sadly on our ears before the battle of Wil-
son's Creek, and as we did, also, at that splendid
pageant which commemorated the inauguration of
Benton banacks, at the very hour when the boom-
in0" cannon shook the resounding hills at Lexing-
ton, and when we ask why were these brave men
not permitted to succor their brothers and carry
our banneis to victoi y upon the stricken fields of
Wilson's Creek >md Lexington, instead of mm-
isterin"- to the pride and vainglory of our chief,
then we are told that these long and splendid lines
of troops, who marched before ourown eyes to the
sound of martial music and with flaunting flags,
were not men, they were phantoms; the gov flo-
tilla "a painted ship-upon a painted ocean, and
the clan" of arms, which made the breast of more
than one burly biigadier swell with pride, and
paled the cheek of be*uty at Benton barracks, was
a mere imagination of men, and a thing uniea .
Now, sir", he did have the troops, but he did
not know how to use them. He did not cieate
these troops. Most of them were enlisted betore
his feet touched the shores ot America on his le-
turnfrom Europe. Missouri overflowed herquota.
I have seen men in Missouri after he arm ed then ,
high men, too, coming to him with otters ol legi-
ments, and they were elbowed out of the way by
his lackeys and orderlies. They were made to
give way to the California cormorants. The army
that he raised was that army of contractors who
settled down upon us like obscene birds of prey
upon aearcass. They elbowed everybody else
out of the way, and unfortunately for him and the
country, engrossed his time and attention. I sup-
pose that there are no men in America whose char-
acters are so bad as the men who were his famil-
iars and associates. Of .course, I do not refer to
the gentlemen who were near him, of whom there
were many on his staff; very many of them were
most honorable men, whose only motives were to
serve the country and to serve him, and among
that number I take pleasure in distinguishing the
gentleman from Indiana. My allusion is directed
to those who sought him for the sake of contracts.
Those of his aids-de-camp who did get contracts
were the worst of all.
1 desire, in this place, although somewhatoutof
place in the line of my remaiks, to refer, for a mo-
ment, to an allusion in the speech of the gentle-
man from Indiana, to the effect that St. Louis was
seething with treason when Fremontarrived there.
The general himself stigmatizes St. Louis as a re-
bellious city, over which he was compelled to es-
tablish martial law, and resort to the most stringent
measures to prevent the secessionists from taking
the town. These statements are made in utter ig-
norance of affairs in Si. Louis. Thecityand county
of St. Louis voted for Abraham Lincoln for Presi-
dent by a large majority, and almost all the votes
of the minority were given for Douglas. The vote
for Breckinridge did not number one thousand, m
a total vote of more than twenty thousand. I ven-
ture the assertion that, at the time General Fie-
mont came to the city, there were not a thousand
secessionists there They had the whole winter,
with the State and national Governments in their
favor,to raise and arm men for the secession cause,
and yet they raised only two meager regiments;
the other troops captured with these two regi-
ments at Camp Jackson, by General Lyon, on the
10th of May, came front the interior of the Slate.
The secessionists are found among the would-be
respectable people, and a few other thoughtless
persons, led by these upstarts; but when the call
to arms was made in support of the Union cause,
ten thousand men volunteered in St. Louis in two
weeks, and ton thousand more would have offered
if they could have been accepted. No congress-
ional clistiict in the Union has given so many sol-
diers to the Union cause as the city and county of
St.Louis. St.Louisarcbelhouscity! Therencver
was a greater slander uttered by any man. Some
of the rich men were, as he said, secessionists, but
the working men, the mechanics and the great
body of the people, nine tenths of them, were for
the Union, and ready to bear arms in its defense.
The declaration of marlial law by General Fiemont
was the offspring of timidity, seeking to prevent
imaginary dangers by inspiring the terrors with
which he himself was haunted. The robust cour-
age of Lyon failed to see any efficacy in martial
law, even when the traitors were openly congre-
gating in Camp Jackson. He relied on his own
courage and the valor of his soldiers. The people
of that city took up arms, when they were not
permitted to bear commissions, but the men who
boie arms for their country without commissions
from anybody, sustained the power of the Gov-
ernment in the State of Missouri. If they had
waited for commissions,ail armed minority would
have trampled down the authority of the Govern-
ment there, as was done m many, if not all, of the
southern States. It can be said of St. Louis, what
cannot be said of any city in a slave State, that the
arsenal of the United States and theUnited States
treasury wet e saved to the Government by its loyal
citizens, while the State and national governments
were conspiring for their capture.
I return to the point I was discussing before
this digression oil the subject of the loyalty of St.
Louis demanded that I should say a few words
in defense of the patriotism of its citizens. Gen-
eral Fremont approaches the subject of contracts
with rather more of confusion m 'his manner than
characterizes the rest of his statement. In respect
to the Beard contract, he makes use of some re-
markable language. Among other things, with
ie ard to this contract, when speaking of Hs treat-
ment in the icport of the Van Wyck committee,
he says:
I " Concerning the contract for this work the committee ot
investigation say tliat It was made under the 1 special order
and direction of General Frtmont,'and concerning the pay-
ments that they were made upon Ills 1 personal order.' The
following extract will show that not only was I recognized
to have this power, but that I was, so late as the 3d of Sep-
tember, counseled to exercise It by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, General Meigs."
Here is the counsel of Quartermaster General
Meigs, which he quotes:
Letters of the Hon. M. Blair, P. M. Cf.
" Washington, September 3,1861.
" Meigs begged me this afternoon to get you to order fif-
teen-inch gun* from Pittsburg for your gunhoats. He says
that the boats can empty any battery the enemy can make
with such guns. lie advises that you contract for them di-
rectly yourself, telling the contractor you will direct your
ordnance officer to pay for them."
Quartermaster General Meigs counsels him to
buy fifteen-inch guns. For what? For his gun-
boats. And this he construes as authority to erect
fortifications around St. Louis, forgetful of the
order of the Secretary of War to stop the erection
of these same fortifications, and make no further
payment on account of them, which order he set
at defiance, and continued the construction of the
forts, and ordered the payment of $60,000 on them
to be made by Major Allen, as is clearly shown
by the testimony of that officer in the very report
upon which he was commenting. What is still
more singular is, that when the committee were
charging that this was a case of gross fraud upon
the Government, and not laying so much stress
upon his want of authority, that he should setup
his power to make the contract instead of vindi-
cating its fairness. The contract, by its terms, re-
quires that the forts shall be built in five days. It
is proven, and admitted by General Fremont, that
he set Beard to work upon them as soon as he
(Beard) arrived in St. Louis from California. The
first payment on accruntof the forts was made to
Beard on the 29th of August; the contract was
dated on the 25th of September. It is shown by
the testimony that Beard had been working for
twenty-five days on the forts before the contract
was signed, which contract icquired him to com-
plete them in five days, it is proven that the forts
were not completed on the 14th of October, when
the Secretary of War ordered Fremont to stop the
work on them. The woik continued. How long
Beard was in completing them, I do not know. I
have been informed that they were not completed
on the 1st of November.
Thus it is established that Beard was working
for six weeks, and probably for two months, on
a job which he had stipulated to finish in five days.
The factof his having been employed in construct-
ing these forts for six weeks, is brought home to
the knowledge of General Fremont; the stipula-
tion to complete them in five days was the colorable
pretext merely for the enormous prices paid him
forthejob. Beard built five of the forts; five others «
Were built under the superintendence of Major
Kappner, he employing and paying the laborers.
The five built by Kappner cost $60,000, and were
one fifth larger than the five built by Beard, who
received ill money $171,000, and received orders
upon the quartermaster, signed by General Fre-
mont, for $75,000 more; making in all $246,000.
The committee in their report say:
i. It will tic seen, therefore, the total amount ordered to be
paid to Beard, oil account of these works, by General FrS-
niont, was .$248,000, of which §171,000 was actually paid.
Through the firmness of Major Allen, who appears to be a
vigilant and mconuptible guardian of the public interest,
this last amount of $60,000 was saved from going into the
capacious and already gorged pocket of Beard, who, in the
language of Major Allen, was tile ' leader among the eon-
tractors,' and perhaps ' the most extravagant and grasping
ot them all.'"
The committee say further:
" There is, however, another way of testing the character
of this contiact. The five forts built by Major Kappner,
by (lavs' work, which would ordinarily be tiie most expens-
ive way, cost the sum of $60,000, while they were one
filth larger on an average than the live built by Beard. Ma-
jor Kappner testifies positively that the five forts built by
Beard would ceitainly not cost more than J560,000, which
the five forts cost that he built. Allowing to Beard the lib-
eral estimate that the cost of building the five foils which
he constiucted wa<? $60,000, he has already obtained from
the Treasury of the United States the profit of $111,000;
and had the additional amount of §75,000 been paid him,
which Gcneial Fi6mont had order.-d to be paid, the Gov-
ernment would have been defrauded m that one transaction
out of the enormous sum of §170,000.
" From the laetthat the contract with Beard was entered
into so long after the work had been commenced by him it
ha- the appearaaco that it was really intended to cover all
the woi k on all tho forts—that done by Major Kappner by
davs' woik as well as by himself— fop the purpose of en-
abling linn to obtain pay foi the whale at the extravagant
and outrageous prices provided for in hi* contract. It Is
