1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by parties who cannotbe interested, and who can
know nothing about it, except on the proofs that
are brought before them, a very proper one.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think my colleague is
somewhat mistaken in this matter. He is prob-
ably correct so far as relates to depreciations be-
tween Indians and white men. The practice has
been under the trade ar^l intercourse laws as he
states; but I think that he will find that the prac-
tice has been confined always to trespassers be-
tween the whites and Indians. Under the trade
and intercourse laws we had no such relations as
now exist, because the attempt had not then been
made to induce the Indians, or any portion of
them, to adopt the habits of civilized life and be-
come farmers. This practice, which has attained
to considerable extent, now renders this bill ne-
cessary. I havelookedprettycarefullythroughthe
trade and intercourse laws, and I find no law that
authorizes the settlement of these trespasses be-
tween the Indians. The object of it is this: if
these Indians cannot be protected by the Govern-
ment in the enjoyment of the fruits of then' labor,
they can never be induced to become agricultur-
ists; they never can be induced to becomc farmers,
because if all they raise is liable to be taken by
the wild Indians, there will Ue no inducement for
them to work. Under the old system that existed
when the trade and intercourse laws were passed,
Indians held theirproperty in common, and hence
there was no such thing as Government settling
trespasses between Indians; they settled that
themselves and by themselves. When trespasses
were committed against white men, the practice
was precisely as the Senator states; but even then
I do not think there was any clearly defined law;
it was merely a practice.
Mr. RICE. It is a clearly defined law, apply-
ing to any person lawfully within the Indian
country, and that includes an Indian. The only
objection I have to this is, that it is violating a
system which has been practiced for years, not
only with the Indians, but with all other depart-
ments of the Government. If two settlers get
up a contest in regard to a preemption claim, it is
not left to the register and receiver to determine.
They can give their opinion, and make their re-
port to the Interior Department; but the decision
is here made. Itis so in all other cases with every
Department and every bureau of the Government;
and I do not think it should be deviated from in
this case. The law is perfectly clear; and I will
say to my colleague that it has been the practice
for twenty years and more, to my own personal
knowledge, wherever one Indian committed^ a
depredation upon another, if they were in amity
with the United States, for the Department, when
the proof has been brought to them, to take the
amount of the damage from the annuity of the
tribe or his portion from the Indian who com-
- mitted the wrong, if it was apportioned, and to
pay it to the one who had been injured. It is
always so; and this bill does not change it in the
least, except in that one particular. .
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection, it
my colleague thinks it necessary, to allow an ap-
peal to the Secretary of the Interior; but 1 will
simply state that this bill has been submitted to
the Indian Bureau, and it is approved of by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr RICE. I would suggest an amendment,
after the word "injured," in the seventeenth line
of the second section, to insert the words with
the approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendmentwas agreed to; and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Kalamazoo, Michigan, praying for the passage
of a general uniform bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens ot
Butler county, Ohio, praying for the passage o a
law to confiscate the property of rebels; which
was referred to the select committee on the subject
of confiscation.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
267) to incorporate the Northern Pacific Rtulioad
Company, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a joint
resolution (S. No. 82) to provide for the presenta-
tion of medals of honor to the enlisted men of the
Army and volunteer forces who have or may dis-
tinguish themselves in battle during the present
rebellion; which was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James W.
Nye, reported a bill for his relief, accompanied
by a report. The bill (S. No. 309) for the relief
of J. W. Nye was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
John Walters, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 275) to in-
crease the compensation of the surveyors of the
ports of Albany and Troy, and for other purposes,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 454) for the relief of the register of the land
office at Vincennes, Indiana, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment and ad-
versely. .
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the resolution of the Senate of April 23, directing
them " to inquire if any general of the army of
the United States before Yorktown has exhibited
himself drunk in face of the eflemy on duty, and if
so, if any measures have been taken for the trial
and punishment of such oftense," submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
BATTLES INSCRIBED ON COLORS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A resolu-
tion was offered by my colleague a few days since,
declaring it to be inexpedient to inscribe the names
of victories on the regimental colors of our sol-
diers. I offer a resolution which I should like to
have read. My object is now to have it printed,
and I shall call it up to be acted on as an inde-
pendent proposition to-morrow morning, if he
does not call up his resolution.
The joint resolution (S. No. 81) to authorize
the President to permit regiments of the volunteer
forces to inscribe on their flags the names of bat-
tles in which such regiments have been engaged
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and laid on the table.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the Piesident of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 12th instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 177) for the relief of Sylvester
Crooks. ,
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of the own-
ers, officers, and crew of the Spanish bark Prov-
idencia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE
enrolled bill (S. No. 289) to facilitate the discharge
of enlisted men for physical disability; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore. ■
CLEARANCES TO VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 446) supplement-
ary to an act approved on the 13th of July, 1861,
entitled " An act to provide for the collection of
duties on imports and for other purposes."
Mr. CHANDLER. An objection was made
the other day to a single section of the bill, whicil
I propose now to amend so that there will be no:
opposition to the bill whatever. In line three of
section three, after the word "prohibit," I move
to strike out the words, " the importation into
any port of the United States;" and after the word
" transportation, "in the fourth line, to insert " in
any vessel or;" so that the section will read:
That tlie Secretary of tlie Treasury be, and he is hereby,
further empowered to prohibit and prevent the transporta-
tion in any vessel or upon any railroad, turnpike, or other
road, &c.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the bill
read. I do not know that it has been read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been read in due course; but it will be read again,
if no objection be made.
The Secretary read the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the
third time. The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only wish to say that
I was not. present in the Committee on Commerce
when the committee agreed to report this bill. If
1 had been present, I should have voted against re-
porting the bill; only on one ground, however,
and that is the absolute control which it gives to
the Secretary of the Treasury over the commerce
of the country. I make this statement in expla-
nation of my views. If it were simply to give
him the •control so far as related to the States in
rebellion, I should have no objection to it; but as
it was reported, it gave too large a control, in my
judgment, over the commerce of the country, and
throughout the whole country, to the Secretary
of the"Treasury.
The bill was passed.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethebidge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 413) making appro-
priations for the payment of the bounty author-
ized by the sixth section of an act entitled " An
act to authorize the employment of volunteers to
aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
property," approved July 22,1861, and for other
purposes; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested. .
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H.R. No. 269) to estab-
lish a Department of Agriculture.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the bill (S. No. 253)
to create a Bureau of Transportation comes up as
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that bill and
all others be postponed for the purpose of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Maine, I ask that the two resolutions I
offered yesterday, being resolutions of inquiry,
be taken up and referred to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Sumner, were taken up and referred to
the select committee on confiscation:
Rc30lred That the select committee oil the confiscation
of rebel property be directed to consider tlie expediency ot
piovidmg that our soldiers engaged in the suppression ot the
rebellion may be entitled to bounty lands out ol the real
es-tate of the rebels. . „
Re solved, That the select committee on the confiscation
of rebel property be directed lo consider tlie ape*"-ncv
providing that in all judicial proceedings to
property and free the slaves ot rebels, there shall be no ex
elusion of any witness on account of color.
AKRESTS IN KENTUCKY. .
Mr POWELL. With the permission of the
Senator from Maine I should like to move to take
Up the resolution of inquiry which I proposed
some weeks ago, concerning prisoners from Ken-
'UMr' FESSENDEN. Is it for reference ?
Mr POWELL. No, sir; I wish to make it
a special ordei for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow. It was a special order, but, was Post"
poned one day when 1 was not in the Senate, and
lost its place. . .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am afraid it will lead
to debate. . , . ,
Mr. POWELL. I want to make it the special
order for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. 1
