102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
not deem this force necessary. I hope that will
be borne in mind by the members when they come
to vote. The commanding general does not deem
this force necessary. It has not been asked for
by the appropriate officers of the Government, and
therefore, upon the ground that this additional
force is not necessary, we having no w more soldiers
than we know what to do with, I am opposed to
this bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois a question. Did he state
that he had information that the Secretary of War
and the Commander-in-Chief both have stated
that this force is not by them deemed to be neces-
sary ?
Mr.LOVEJOY. I so understand it. I under-
stand that that is their opinion.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. From whom?
Mr. LOVEJOY. From reliable sources, sir.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Did you understand it
from either of them individually ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did, sir. Beyond that, I
think the mode of raising these troops improper.
If we need twenty thousand more soldiers, and the
proper authorities will say it, I will vote them; but
1 deem it very undesirable that soldiers shall be
raised in this mode. In the first place, it is pro-
posed to enlist them for only twelve months. If we
enlist soldiers, it should be for the war, or at least
for a term of.three years. I think that our Army
should be a unit. 1 am in favor of abolishing the
distinction between what is termed the regular
Army and the volunteer force, and whenever an
individual is enlisted in the service of the United
States, let him belong to the one Army of the
United States. The weakness of the revolution-
ary army, and the weakness of the army in the
Mexican war, was that when we needed the sol-
dier most their term of service had just expired.
We have suffered now from the three months'
service. In the way in which we have carried on
this war we cannot expect to finish it in twelve
months, and just at the time we need this force
in Kentucky their term of service will, perhaps,
have expired, and it will again bring us into those
difficulties from which we have suffered before.
Again: this force, if raised, is to be officered,
as I understand it, by the military board of Ken-
tucky. Who tliat board is, I do not know, and
no one knows. The War Department or the
general commanding are even to make the briga-
dier generals of this force, according to the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
incorrect in stating that the military board makes
the brigadier generals of this force. They are
made by the President of the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 read from the bill:
" The said regiments may be formed into brigades at the
discretion of the officer in command of the dcpnitmcnt, mid
the brigadiers to command may be designated from time to
time by the Department of War, or the general in command
of the department."
Mr. BL AIR, of Missouri. Of course that means
that these brigadiers are to be appointed by the
President, and selected for that service by the
Department of War.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Department of War or
the general in command of the department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Tiie Department of
War spoken of there means the Department up
at the other end of the avenue.
_ Mr.LOVEJOY. No, it cannot do that, because
it says " the Department of War or the general in
command of the department;" that is, the depart-
ment of Kentucky, or the western department,
or whatever it may be. It takes the appointment
of the brigadier generals out of the hands of the
Executive and puts it in the hands of the War
Department, or whoever may be in command of
the department.
Mi. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is intended that
some generals already appointed by the President
shall be designated. That is the intention of the
bill. If the gentleman wishes to make it more
certain, he can amend the bill. |
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, Mr. Speaker, I am I
opposed to the bill on the grounds I have stated: I
ill the first place, that we do not need any addi- !
tional force; that we have more soldiers now than ^
we know what to do with; that this is recom- '
mended by no Department of theGovernment-.aiid I
that the enlistment is for a term of twelve months, i
and not for three years or during the war. 1 op- ]
pose it also for the reason that I do not know what
particular purpose or service these troops are to be
assigned to; itisa wheel within awheel. Whether
it is to keep the slaves from rising or what not I
do not know; but I am onposed to raising any
troops that are not regularly enlisted in the Army
of the United States, to serve anywhere, by whom-
soever they may be commanded. If Kentucky
needs a force for police or municipal purposes,
she is abundantly able to raise it. I understand
that Kansas is following the example of Kentucky
and is asking twenty thousand men for that State,
and each State will want a force of its own, dis-
tinct from the regularly enlisted Army of the
United States. I can see no reason why this bill
should pass. I hope it will not; and 1 shall, at
the proper time, ask the yeas and nays upon its
passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope this bill will
pass, sir, and I will state to my colleague why I
think it ought to pass. They propose to raise
twenty thousand troops in Kentucky who are fa-
miliar with all the country there; and the misfor-
tune that has attended us heretofore has been that
we have not been familiar with the country where
we have had to fight. There are some limitations
upon the raising of this force. They are to serve
in Kentucky. They will make the most efficient
soldiers there. Our base of operations has got to
he at Louisville. Twenty thousand troops are
necessary in order to guard our base and guard
the lino that you have got to advance as you go
into the rebel States, and these arc the best troops
that you can get to guard that base, and to guard
that line.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not want my colleague
to bring me up to the confessional. It is a very
easy matter for him to be very patriotic. He has
got no brothers, no cousins, no nephews, no rel-
atives, no friends, that are in the secession move-
ment. Some of us, unfortunately, have. They
are doing very wrong; they are acting very badly.
We do not want to go and hunt them up to kill
them, but if they come upon our ground, sons or
fathers as they may be, they have got to fall.
But my colleague objects to the bill because it
allows these men to be enlisted for one year. I
am not suie, sir, that this is not the best service
you can have. When they remain in service three
or five years, your men fail and sicken; they arc
not as good soldiers as they are when they come
fresh from the work-shop and the field. I think
this force proposed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is the best force you can have. 1 am for
the bill. I think it is the best thing we can do to
pass it, and pass it at once.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me, sir, before I
say anything in reference to this bill, to correct an
error of the reporter. I stated the other day, when
this bill was under consideration, that Kentucky
had furnished more than her proportion of the
five hundred thousand troops. I see I am reported
as having stated that she has furnished thirty-seven
thousand. I said, or meant to say, twenty-seven
thousand troops, for three years. That is the
number she has furnished.
I do not know how to respond to the statement
of the gentleman from Illinois, that the Secretary
of War and the commanding general are opposed
to this measure. I have not the pleasuie of the
acquaintance of the commander-in-chief of the
Army, General McClellan, but I stated the other
day that before I introduced this measure to the
consideration of the Military Committee I had con-
sulted the Secretary of War, and that I had under-
stood from him, upon an explanation which I gave,
that he thought such a corps, not exceeding twenty
thousand men, would be very important to operate
in Kentucky while the main Army was operating
south. With a \iew, sir, of acting in accordance
with the Administration upon this subject, I also
consulted the President of the United States, and
received from him the approbation not only of
himself, but also of his Cabinet; he said that he
thought such a measure very important. It is not
usual for mc, in my conduct as a Representative,
to consult the Departments upon my own indi-
vidual action and responsibility how I should be
governed. I could have had this thing granted
without the concurrence of this body but for one
fact, and that is that the number of volunteers
which the Government was authorized to accept
have already been received, and we are not, in
consequence of that fact, in the position that Mis-
' souri has been placed in by an Army regulation
• creating a similar foice for a similar purpose in
! that State. I deemed it necessary, upon receiving
i an application from the military committee of the
Legislature of Kentucky, to apply to the Depart-
ment for the raising of a corps of this kind, and
to offer a bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and obtain their consent. I have, after expla-
nation and after investigation by them, obtained
their unanimous vote in favor of it, and I hope it
will receive the unanimous vote of this House,
except that of the gentleman from Illinois. I did
not expect that, because he seems to have an idea
that this is intended to do something to the ne-
groes in Kentucky. That is enough forme.
Now, what are the facts f I stated them the
other day. 1 know not how the Army of the United
States is stationed. I know not what part of these
six hundred and sixty thousand men have been
ordered to the southern ports which we have con-
quered, and which we hold possession of. I know
not how many may be required to occupy the
positions of which we have already taken posses-
sion, and to make further advance into that region
of country. I sec accounts of daily arrivals of
troops at those ports. 1 know not how many you
have on this line. I know not how many you
have on the line separating Kentucky from Ten-
nessee, and in Missouri. But one thing I do know,
that whenever your Army moves to take posses-
sion of Columbus—a position seized by the Ten-
neseeans, and fortified since the last adjournment
of Congress—you will require every soldier that
can be brought to bear to take that place and make
an advance on Tennessee an"d down the Missis-
sippi river.
What is the state of facts now on this subject?
The general in command there, with a view, as I
infer, of strengthening his three lines, has called
from the eastern part of the State the force of Gen-
eral Nelson and the force of General Thomas.
But before the time they reached the point at
which they were ordered to congregate, we find—
if we are to trust to what we see m the newspa-
pers—a rebel general of Kentucky, General Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, [A Voice, " FalstaiF5
Marshall,] has invaded Kentucky from the Vir-
j gima line with a very strong force, and there is
not a Federal soldier within a hundred miles of
that place. Zollicoffer has fallen back and invaded
Kentucky near the middle Tennessee line with a
force, they say, of nine thousand men. Troops
have been ordered from the main rebel army to
reinforce the troops on that line near the county
of Cumberland, where Zollicoffer is.
What is proposed by the bill under considera-
tion ? Jt is, that when the mam Army gets ready
for Us operation on Columbus, and to open the nav-
igation of the Mississippi river, the rear of the
Army shall be protected,and the iDeople and homes
of Kentucky defended from inroads from Tennes-
see and Virginia, on these seven hundred odd miles
of border line. We think we will not want this
force longer than twelve months, and that we can
raise them—suitable, ready, and prompt, to per-
form that service. We do not say that they shall
not serve their country anywhere else. If the
commanding general deems it necessary that they
shall be moved elsewhere, they will light where
ever an enemy is to be found; and I will guaran-
tee that they will do it well, and will not stop to
inquire whether they must cross the line.
Why is it proposed to limit the term of scrvicc
to one year? Because, as I remarked, I do not
believe this force will be needed longer than twelve
months. There is another reason. There are a
great many men in Kentucky, married and single,
who would be willing to enter into the service of
the country tor twelve months as volunteers, but
who are not willing to leave their homes and fann-
i *or.t*lreu years. This has been fairly tested.
| Vv hen it was first proposed to raise volunteers for
three months, it was found impossible to accept all
who offered; but when it was settled that the vol-
unteers should enlist for a period of three years,
there was a remarkable falling off. The twenty-
seven thousand Kentucky men who are now m
the Army, to serve for three years or during the
war, are mostly single men. Some of them, how-
j are married, and in humble circumstances,
j Allow me to say that I enter my protest heie, m
i ?fjvull.ctV against the idea of the gentleman from
- Illinois [Mr. Lovljoy] of making a regular Army
■ out °f the six hundred thousand voluntceis. I
