2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
do not propose to debate it. Indeed, I am willing
that the vote shall be taken now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot wait for a vote.
The Senator can call it up to-morrow. I will not
object if it is merely a formal matter.
Mr. POWELL. Thau's all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires Senators to be explicit whether objection
is made or not made when it requires unanimous
consent to proceed to consider a motion. The
Senator from Kentucky moves that the Senate
postpone the present and all prior orders in order
to proceed to the consideration of the resolution
submitted by him in relation to the arrest of pris-
oners in the State of Kentucky by order of the
Secretary of State.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the resolu-
tion be postponed until to-morrow morning at half
past twelve o'clock, and be the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
260) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1863.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to insert at the end
of the bill:
To carry into effect the treaty of February 18,1861, with
Arapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Arkansas
river, viz •
For surveying the exterior of the reservation, and divid-
ing; the same between the two tribes, estimated to be three
hundred and fifty miles, at an expense of ten dollars pet
mile for surveying, $3,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert :
For the first of fifteen installments of annuity of $30,000,
to be expended for then benefit, that is to say,$l5,0b0 per an-
num foi each tube, commencing with thcyeai in which they
shall remove ro and settle upon their reservations., for the
fibcal year ending June 30, 186:2, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert;
AKo for the same object for the fiscal year endinir June
30,1863, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For transportation, and necessary expenses of delivering
of annuities, goods, and piovisions to the Aiapahoes and
Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Arkansas river, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, {$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
Al^o for the same object for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1863, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary commenced to read the next
amendment:
For Indian service in California 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not see the honorable
Senatorfrom California [Mr.Latiiam] in his seat.
In reference to the whole matter of the Indian ser-
vice in California, there has been printed and laid
on the table an amendment intended to be proposed
by him. I ask, therefore, that the Clerk pass over
the proposed amendmentsm relation to California
for the present, hoping that the Senator from Cal-
ifornia may be in, and that we shall have our at-
tention called to it but once, and then dispose of
the question. It will save time to pass over the
California amendments for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments in regard to California wjII be passed over
for the time being, on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and the next amendment
"will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
For Tndian service in Nevada Territory:
For pay of interpreter, §500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that these
amendments are now being considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. I desire at some time to
call the yeas and nays on these amendments, I
am opposed to the whole of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is now
as in Committee of the Whole, and the amend-
ments will be reported to the Senate after they
shall have been gone through with in committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has come into the Senate, and he can now
offer his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I have changed somewhat
my amendment from the printed form, and I will
send that to the Clerk's desk.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Latham, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlndbc it fmther enacted, That the proviso to
the appropriation for defraying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of the Indians in Caliiomia,included in an
act entitled " An act making appiopriauonsforthe current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with vaiious Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1801," appioved June 19,1860. be,
and the same ia hereby, repealed; and that in lieu thereof
the following provision* shall be made for the Indian ser-
vice in California: First. All the reservations within what
is called the noi them district of California shall be abol-
ished, with the exception of that located in Round Valley,
Mendocino county, California; and all Government prop-
erty and interest in the reservations so abolished, oxcept
such as the superintending agent may deem it advisable to
tiansport to Round Valley, be sold, and the pioeecxls ap-
plied to the extinguishment of settlers.' titles and making
imptovements on Round Valley reservation. Second. The
superintending agent for the notthern distiiet of California
shall reside on the Round Valley reservation and supeiin-
tend the Indian*. lie bhall employ thiee laborers on s>aid
reservation, at the rate of forty dollars per month and board
for each, said laborers to assist m insti acting the Indians in
agricultural puisiiits and collecting them upon the reseiva-
uon. Thud. All the present supeivigors on all the leserva-
tions shall be discontinued. Fourth. All the reservations
within what is called the southern di-stuct of California
shall be abolished, and the Indians collected together and
located in Owen's River Valley, or on such other public
land may be deemed advisable by the Pie ident of the
United States; theGovernment property and inteiost in the
leservations so abolished, except such as the superintend-
ing agent shall deem it advisable to transport to the leser-
vauon, to be sold, and the proceeds applied to the impiove-
ment of Owen's River Valley, or the leservation decided
upon for the location of the Indians. Fifth. The superin-
tending agent for the southern district shall reside upon the
reservation decided upon, and employ the laborers, and
superintend the instruction of the Indians, the same as is
piescnbed m section mo for the northern supeiintendent.
Sixth. The f-alai les ot both the supei intending agent* to be
the same as at piesent, ($3,600,) and each shall be allowed
a cleric at the late of $l,i200 per annum and boaid. Sev-
enth. That tin- sum o( ,$11)0,000 be, and is heieby, appto-
pt uited to defiay the expenses of collecting the Indians upon
tiie lospoctive ie*ei vations, their sub-i-tonce, and purchas-
ing t.uming implement}! and such other aitides a-, may be
deemed necc.-tuirv toi then advancement in civilization.
Eighth. The Mohaves shall remain upon theit present res-
ervation in southern California, and a special agent shall
be appointed lor them at a salary of §1,800 pri annum.
Ninth For the putpo«> of carrying the foregoing provisions
into effect, to wit : to pay for salaries for superintendent*,
laborers, cleiks, and agent for Mohave Indians, the sum of
$51,720 is heieby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not othrnvr-eappropiiated. For salaries of clerks
to superintendents ot Indian affairs for the northern and
southern districts of California for three quarters of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, at $1,800 per annum, $2,7u0.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to such Senators
as are opposed to my amendment, that it has been
submitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and I believe has met with its approval; also to
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, both of whom agree that this
will be the most economical and proper arrange-
ment for the managcimntof the Indians in the
State which 1 represent. I have had a table pre-
pared showing the saving as between the original
bill passed by the House of Representatives and
the amendments proposed by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs of this body and my own amendment.
That table shows that the difference between the
appropriations made by the House bill and those
asked for by the Committee on Indian Affairs of
this body, and this amendment, ifadop ted, amounts
to the sum of $123,400. The aggregate of my
amendment is $144,280, to wit; the salaries of two
superintending agents, at $3,600 each, $7,200; a
clet k for each supei intenden t, $1,200 each, $2,400;
collecting the Indians on the reservations, sub-
sistence, «fec., $100,000. This sum is a large one,
or would hp under ordinary circumstances; but
when the Senate takes into consideration the fact
that three reservations in the north and two in the
southern districts of California are to be abolished,
and that the Indians are to be removed to one in
each superintendence*, and that a portion of the
time it will be impossible for them to cultivate the
soil of the new lesei vations, and that they will
have to be in a great degree subsisted, found with
blankets, &c., the sum will not be regarded as
large. After they are once gathered on the two
reservations there will be no future necessity for
any greater appropriation than is merely neces-
sary to keep up the stock of their farming imple-
ments and such articles as they cannot manufac-
ture themselves. All the cereals they can raise
for their own support. Blankets and groceries,
such as they may need, they will of course have
to buy. Then there aresto be three laborers at
the Round Valley reservation at forty dollars per
month, amounting to $3,440. Then there is $1,800
for a special agent for the Mohaves. They are a
distinct tribe upon the Gila and Colorado rivers
that have never as yet been gathered on any of
the reservations, and consequently do not come
within the purview of the new system. Then
there are three laborers for the southern district,
the same as the northern, $1,440. The aggregate,
as I have said, is $144,280.
By the original appropriation bill, as passed by
the House of Representatives, there was an ap-
propriation of $44,500, to wit: pay of twenty
laboiers for the reservations, $12,000; general in-
cidental expense of Indian service including trav-
eling expenses, $7,500; and for defraying the ex-
penses of removal and subsistence of Indians in
California to reservations in that State, $25,000.
There was no provision whatever made by the
House bill for supervisors'clerks, for beef cattle,
or other necessary expenses, and therefore the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, in
his amendments, which will have to be adopted
if you continue the present system, unless my
amendment is agreed to, proposes for the Indian
service in California the following items: com-
pensation of five supervisors, $6,000; salaries of
clerks to superintendents for the northern and
southern districts for lS62and 1863, $5,700; pur-
chase of cattle for beef and milk,andclothingand
food for the Indians in the northern district,
$25,000; ditto for the southern district, $15,000;
making an aggregate of $51,700. In Miscellaneous
Document No. 79, which was sent to this bodyby
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs these addi-
tional items not provided for either by the House
bill or by the amendments of the Committee on
Indian Affairs of this body are said to be neces-
sary:
" For compensation of eight supeivisors for the reserva-
tion* in Calitornia to instruct the Indians in husbandry, at
$1,800 each, for fiscal year ending June 30, 18133, author-
ized by act of June 19, 1860, $14,400.
" Foi ^alaiies of clerks to supeuntendents of Indian af-
faiisfoi the northern and southern district1! of California, lm
three quaitei> of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, at
§1.800 per annum, $2,700.
" For the same seivice for the fiscal year ending June30,
1863, $3,600.
" Foi the puichase of fanning tools, work animals, and
cattle for beef and milk, together with clothing and food for
Indian*, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, for the
noithem distnct ot Caliiornta, §100,000.
" Same for southern district of California, $37,500.
"For the puichase ofland and farms of settleis at Smith
River valley, together with buildings, improvements, mills,
stock, and "farming implements*, tor a new reservation for
thenoithciu distuct of California, rendered necessary by
the destruction of the Klamath reservation by the unusual
floods ot last winter, $60,000."
Upon the score, therefore, of economy, I think
the Senate ought to adopt the amendment that I
have proposed. It simplifies the whole manage-
ment of the Indian department of California. It
leaves but one reservation in the North; but one
in the South. It compels the superintendents of
both the northern and southern districts to reside
upon the reservations. Hetetofore they have had
their offices in the city of San Francisco, and for
nearly ai( practical purposes might just as well
have had their offices out of the State, because they
can not exercise that supervision which they should
do, cannot protect the Indians from imposition and
fraud, unless they reside where they are and where
they can give their peisonal attention instead of
intrusting it to others. I have no doubt that if these
superintendents exercise proper economy and care
in selling the Government property upon the res-
ervations abandoned, they can realize nearly, if
snot quite, the one hundred thousand dollars that
is herein appropriated for support of the Indians
for the coming nscal year, as well as pay the ex-
pense of their removal. The two reservations
selected by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the
Government has a title to. In Round Valley, in the
north, the Government has a partial title. Settlers
have gone upon it and laid out their quarter sec-
tions, and of course, the Department having here-
tofore neglected to segregate this reservation, their
titles will have to be extinguished. In the southern
district, however, the title on the part of the Gov-
