1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
but justice to General McKinstry to state that he is not re-
sponsible for this contract. It was made at headquarters,
and the enonnousand unconscionable prices were there
fixed upon between General Fiemont and the contractor,
and the payments made by him on the contract weie made
by the expte&s direction of General Fremont. He acted
for the commanding general, and by Ins direction. Beaid
brought to linn a paper from headquaiters,' formally drawn
up,'which contained the piices. (See Clement's testi-
mony, p. 885.) He objected to the prices, and'greatly re-
duced them.' If the prices named in the contract were the
< reduced' prices, it would be a matter of curiosity to know
what the onginal prices were as sent from headquarters."
I cannot forbear another quotation from the
repoit of the committee:
" The money appropriated by Congress to subsist and
clothe and transport our armies was thus, in utter con-
tempt of all law and of the Army regulations, as well as in
utter defiance of superior authority, ordeicd to be diverted
irom its lawful purpose, and turned over to the cormorant,
Beard. While he had received $171,000 fiom the Govern-
ment, it will be seen from the testimony of Major Kappner
that there had only been paid to the honest German la-
borers. who dul tbe work on the first five torts built under
his direction, the sum of $15,500, leaving fiom foriy to tiity
thousand dollars still their due And while the^e laborer"!,
whose families were clamoring for biead, were besieging
the quartermaster's depaitment foi their pay, this rapacious
contractor, Buard, with $171,000 in his pocket, is tound fol-
lowing up the anuy, and in the confidence of the major
general, who gives him ordeis foi large purchaser, which
only could have been legally made tluough the quartermas-
ter's department, and which afforded imn further opponu-
nities for still plnndeiing the Government "
I can only add to this, that the laboring men
•who did the work for Beard went without their
money as well as those who did the work under
Kappner. Dozens of them came to my house to
ask how they should get their money, and as I
was not ay well acquainted with Beard as General
Fremont appears to be, fiom his statement, and
had not the same confidence in him as the general
declared that he had, I could not answer their
questions.
The above quotations show what was the grava-
men of the charge made by the committee, and I
regard it as a most singular answer to this charge
that Quartermaster General Meigs had recom-
mended him to purchase fifteen-inch guns for his
gunboats.
This allusion to gunboats, however, reminds
me of the declaration made by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,) and many times repeated
in his speech, in praise of the forethought and en-
ergy of Fremont in ordering and constructing the
gunboats on the western waters. 'J1 he gentleman
says they were a part of Fremont's plan, and ori-
ginated by him. Now,sir, I am compelled to state,
in vindication of the truth of history, that Fremont
did not order the gunboats, and that the plan did
not originate with him. They were ordered be-
fore he came bark from Europe. The Govern-
ment had determined upon the plan, and the ad-
, verusements foi proposals were published before
he reached the shores of America. They were
intended for McClellan when he was in command
of that department. Tin* idea of the mortar boats
originated with Captain Fox, Assistant Secretary
of the Navy, to whom the whole merit of then-
plan is justly due.
The gentleman from Indiana is haunted with
the idea of an awful combination against the
" champion of freedom." There js scarcely a
paragraph in Ins speech in which this combination
does not crop out. He classifies the parties to
that combination or conspiracy, and goes over it
again and again in " damnable iteration," show-
ing that it had made a great impression on his
mind, and that he actually believed in it. Parties
to this<( unholy alliance" consisted of pro-slavery
men, jealous politicians looking to the Presi-
dency, West Pointers, and contractors. 1 do not
know in winch of these classes the gentleman has :
placed me. I am inclined to thmlc that I am left
out altogether. My opposition to slavery has been
tried and proven in a more seveie ordeal than any
through which the gentleman from Indiana or
General Fremont have ever been called on to pass.
It has been tested m worse places and in worse
times than either of them have ever experienced.
I have sealed my devotion to that cause by quite
as many sacrifices as the gentleman from Indiana, 1
or his friend General Fremont. I intend, so far |
as I can, under the Constitution of my country,
to continue my hostility to the institution of sl.i- !
very. I shall oppose, us I ha\e always opposed, 1
its existence in the State in which I live; and if 1
any mode, under the Constitution, can be devised j
by which the institution of slavery can beobliter- j
ated from all the States in the Union, I shall be, i
among the fitst to support that measure; but I
will not aid in breaking down the Constitution
even to destroy slavery. I consider the Constitu-
tion of more value to me and to my children than
any other earthly possession.
During the pendency of the present struggle, I
have taken upon myself some slight hazards in its
defense, and will never be found enrolled among
its enemies and violators, no matter from what
quarter they may come. I understand that by
pro-slavery men the gentleman means to designate
those who opposed the proclamation of General
Fremont, I can say that I did not see anything
very bad in that proclamation. Nobody paid much
attention to it in Missouri, where it really had little
or no effect. Everybody understood very well that
it was not intended for that meridian, out that it
was put out for a campaign in New England and
elsewhere. It was not intended to operate upon
the theater of war, where its only effect would be
to make the rebels fight more desperately to save
their property and negroes; it was rather intended
for a political campaign in which the general had
embarked, and in which he hoped for better suc-
cess than had attended his arms. The net results
of this bombastic proclamation was the loss of two
armies and the liberation of two negroes—negroes
that did not belong to the man from whom they
were taken, but to his wife, to whom they were
secured by a marriage contract. The deeds of
emancipation which he gave to these two negro
men were intended to point an electioneering doc-
ument. In the course that I have thought proper
to pursue towards General Fremont, i believe 1
am uninfluenced by any sentiment of jealousy. I
have heietofoie given him a very coidial support
for every position to which he has aspired, and I
am unconscious of ever having experienced afeel-
ing of jealousy to any one. There is certainly
nothing in General Fremont's present position to
inspire any one with jealousy. I am neither a
West Pointer nor a contractor, and do not feel my-
self included in the conspiracy, which the imagi-
nation of the gentleman from Indiana has con-
jured up.
My belief is that the President was operated
upon in the removal of General Fiemont by his
own judgment upon events which transpired in
Missouri. Befoie General Fremont took com-
mand in that depurtmentuninterrupted success at-
tended the standard of the Union. The first blow
which was struck for the Government was given
in Missouri; the fust successes of the cause were
won upon the soil of that State. Camp Jackson,
Boonevi!ic,and Carthage, made the names of Lyon
and Sigel historic, and gilded the cloud of disaster
which had settled upon our arms elsewhere. The
welcome which greeted ihoadvontofFremonthad
hardly ceased to sound before the cry of distress
broke upon our ears. Humiliation, disaster, de-
feat, and disgrace,came with him, remained with
him, and went away with him and his army of
contractors.
As soon as the paralyzing influence of his im-
becility was removed victory came back to the
standaid of the Union in the West, and the ad-
vancing columns of our victorious atmies have
penetrated to the very heart of the rebellion, in-
flicting blowsfrom which it lies writhing in death,
and from which it can never recover.
I believe if is the judgment of mankind that
there is no such tiling as an unfortunate great
man. A man to be great must be able to do great
things with small means; and when we hear of a
fellow guing whimpering around the country try-
ing to give the reasons for his being whipped, the
spectacle may excite sympathy, he may even be
regarded as a very good man, but nobody will
ever select him as a lit person to fight battles and
to carry on war.
The admirers of General Fremont say that he
would have won a victory if he had been permitted
to remain in command. The world would have
more confidence if he had given any prooi of his
capacity by winning victories when he had a
command. It was with great difficulty that the
order for General Fremont's removal was carried
through his lines. A messenger who bore the
dispatch passed through his lines by a ruse, as T
am given to understand, and delivered it to Gen-
era! Fremont.
The newspapers that were in his interest in St.
Louis announced that, when the intelligence of
his removal was made known, there was a mutiny
in the army, and that there was a meeting of offi-
cers, especially of those whose commissions ex-
pired with the end of his servicc in the depart-
ment; that they gathered around him, and shouted
" Hurrah for Fremont, and down with Hunter!"
His friends say that he used his potent influence
to put down this terrible mutiny. There was no
mutiny that was not of his own making. The
press in St. Louis, in his interest and under his
control, instigated mutiny, and promoted it by
every species of influence they could bring to bear;
by misrepresentations of the grossest character;
by appeals to the pride and passions of the men.
The general himself permitted it by not pre-
venting it. If he did anything to quell the mu-
tiny, it was only when he found that it did not
extend beyond a few of his own dependents and
retainers, and that the army had risen in defense
of the country and not to put him above the coun-
try. The conduct of his nearest and most trusted
friends, and the conduct of the press, which had
only spoken during his administration of the de-
partmcntas he dictated,proved mostconclusively
that he would have defied the Government and
retained the command, if he had dared to do so.
The fact that his friends applaud him, even for
yielding his command when ordered to do so by
the Government, shows how little margin there
is for praise when such an act, under such cir-
cumstances, is extolled. But as little as there is
to exalt in his enforced obedience to what he could
not and dared not resist, yet it was the most com-
mendable act, after all, of his administration.
" Nothing in life [official life] s>o became him
As the leaving it."
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, I did not in-
tend at the opening of my friend's remarks, to
speak on this subject to-day; and therefore am
but illy prepared to anssver his elaborate argu-
ment of two hours in length. But I am gratified
that the House, on my motion, extended his time,
so that he could present the vehole array of charges
at once.
While I differed, as is known to him and many
other members of the House, with the Adminis-
tration, which I assisted to elect, m the superse-
dure of Major General Fremont in the department
of the West; I desire, lest I might be misunder-
stood, to say at the outset, once and for all, that
no matter what general the Administration may
put up or put down, 1 shall sustain it with all my
heart and soul and strength and mind in every
military movement that it makes against the
enemy. I believe it to be our duty to do so. It
is, under God, the only means by which we can
put down this gigantic, satanic, conspiracy and
rebellion. And although I lament the supersedure
of a general who lives to-day in the loyal hearts
of miilionsof the American people, that can make
no difference in my earnest and cordial support of
the Administration.
I pass over many remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] which, I am sure, he will,
himself, in his cooler moments, regret. He has
seen fit to mingle personalities with his criticisms,
and to speak of a gentleman, who holds a com-
mission as major general in the Army, as a tool, a
dupe, a designing man. I cannot follow the gen-
tleman here. The subject is too grave to be thus
discussed.
There has been an attachment between myself
and the gentleman from Missouri almost since our
boyhood, arid 1 shall not suffer a single remark to
fall from my lips which could wound him or any
friend of his or any member of his family. I rise
simply to vindicate history, and to prove, from the
records of the day, that my friend from Missouri
has had his feelings and judgment perverted, or
perhaps I should rather say influenced, by preju-
dice. He spoke about the " idolators" of Fre-
mont. My friend has not used the word fittingly.
Those whom he calls the idolators of Fiemont are
the men who stand by him to-day, just as my
friend did from the commencement of his acquaint-
ance with him till the last of August, 1861, up to
which time he was his warm, his devoted friend
j and admirer. He ought, from that long acquaint-
I ance, to have known his mind, his capacity, his
« judgment, his will. In August he w«s his friend,
i warm and true: in September he was not. All my
; crime is that I continue the same friendship that,
I m common with him, I had in August, and did not
i change with him in September.
