1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
ernment, I believe, is unimpaired. There is no rea-
sonin the world why the Government cannot take
possession of the land at the place provided in the
southern district, Owen's River Valley, without
subjecting- the Government to any expense what-
ever. In Round Valley the Government has, as
I have said, a partial title, and consequently only
a part will have to be extinguished, whereas, if
the amendment proposed in Senate Document No.
79 is agreed to, the Government is compelled to
pay $60,000 in cash in the first instance, to extin-
guish the title, and I will venture to say that be-
fore they get done with extinguishing these titles,
instead of $60,000, the sum will be $100,000; and
there is no reason why the Government should
give up property it has in its possession and under
its control, in a great degree, ample for all pur-
poses, and select a new spot.
1 believe I have made the object of this amend-
ment clear, and I am satisfied that it is the most
economical thing we can do for the government of
the Indians in the State of California, and that it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. SHJSRIVJAN. I will state now my objec-
tions to this whole class of legislation. I suppose
a point of order might be made upon the Senator
from California, that his amendmentdoes notcome
from a committee; but I am not sufficiently famil-
iar with the rules of the Senate to make that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator that if he desires to make a point of or-
der, it is that not coming from a committee, and
proposing an appropriation of money, as it does,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that the commit-
tee agreed upon it; but as I represented the State
before the committee, and was familiar with the
details of the Indian department there, they re-
quested me to present it. It meets with their sanc-
tion. I believe I do it by their request.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it has the
sanction of a committee, it answers the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will state very briefly
why I shall oppose this whole class of appropri-
ations. According to the well-recognized finan-
cial system of conducting our Government, all the
estimates should be made by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or with his sanction. The various bu-
reaus and Departments prepare in due time under
the law their estimates, and they are sent officially
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and from him
to the House of Representatives. That House
originates the appropriation bills and sends them
here. Now, here are propositions to add, in the
form of amendments, one million four hundred
thousand dollars, orthereabouts—Igetmy figures
from the chairman of the Indian Committee—to
the estimates of the Indian department alone. Of
this amount, the committee have allowed, so lam
informed by its chairman, about one half. These
estimates have never been submitted to the scru-
tiny of the Secretary of the Treasury. They have
never gone through the form of ordeal required by
law. They have never been submitted to the
House of Representatives, and to the Committee
of Ways and Means, charged with this particular
matter. I know very well that the scrutiny given
to this class of legislation is not so great in the
Senate, and that it has been recently the habit of
many of the bureaus and Departments to send
their estimates diiectly here. It is a violation of
good precedent, it is a violation of the established
custom, and 1 believe has only been tolerated
within a few years past. I know that white I was
a member of the other House, many appropria-
tion bills came back loaded down by the Senate,
acted upon, no doubt, precisely as this has been
acted upon.
Now, unless I am satisfied that there was a rea-
son based upon a necessity why these estimates
were not sent in the ordinary way to the Secre-
tary of the Trcasm y, and then through him to the
proper committee of the House of Representa-
tives, and then acted upon by the House and sent
here, I will not vote for them. It is impossible
for the Senate, a body of members here, to take
up and examine questions of this kind. If you
give up the ordinary processes by which the ap-
propriation bills should come before Congress,
you have no check whatever. I have as much
confidence m the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin as in any member of this body; but at the
same time it seems to me that this mode of legis-
lation, adopting important amendments of this
kind upon the recommendation of a committee not
specially charged with this immediate class of ap-
propriations, and on estimates not coming through
the regular financial channel, is unsafe and un-
wise. I cannot, in the hurry of legislation here,
decide whether these appropriations are neces-
sary; I cannot examine thetreaties which are said
to authorize them; I do not know the facts that
control them, and therefore I am not prepared to
legislate. It is sufficient for me that they have
not been submitted to the ordinary scrutiny pro-
vided by law for this class of legislation, to excite,
not my suspicion, because I do not suspect any
one, but to excite my apprehension that we are
about to appropriate a very large sum of money
without that scrutiny which ought always to be
applied to every appropriation of money, and
especially at this time.
Mr. LATHAM. The remarks of the Senator
from Ohio probably apply to the amendments in
the aggregate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, and not specially
to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. So far as my object is con-
cerned, I wish the Senate distinctly to understand
that I have sought economy in this measure. If
you take the appropriations contained in the bill
as passed by the House of Representatives and
those recommended by the Committee on Indian
Affairs of this body, which you must pass or cut
the officers off with their salaries, and abolish the
system in part, the difference is very great in favor
of my amendment. If you choose to continue
the present system you must pay the officers, and
therefore you must adopt the amendments pro-
posed by the committee of this body. Why they
were left out by the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives is to me
inconceivable. You must give them or otherwise
you will leave the whole system of Indian admin-
istration there at sea and break it up. It is far
better for us to abandon all appropriations rather
than appropriate a part, having no officers to ex-
ecute your laws.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment of the
Senator from California had the sanction of the
Committee on Indian Affairs so far as to allow
him to present it to the Senate, that the question
might be raised, and that the Senate might determ-
ine whether we should change our policy in rela-
tion to the Indian affairs of California and adopt
the policy which he recommends, of having the
Indians in the northern and southern districts all
gathered into one reservation in each district. The
Committee on Indian Affairs are favorable to the
carrying out of that policy; but, so far as the ques-
tion of the amount to be expended is concerned,
the committee did not commit themselves upon
that, but desired to hear the honorable Senator
from California, and to allow that matter to come
up and be considered in the Senate. The com-
mittee, I boheve, were of opinion that the best
policy which could be pursued in relation to the
Indians in that State is, that they should be gath-
ered, if practicable, into one reservation in each
of these districts. Now, Mr. President, if this
amendment is to pass, inasmuch as it contains the
power to dispose of property belonging to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, both the reserva-
tions themselves and property upon the reserva-
tions, except such as may be transported to the
new reservations, I desire to ask that a proviso be
added to this section, as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the amendment of the Senator from
California is a proposition to strike out and in-
sert. As such, it is an integral proposition, and
not divisible; but both the matter proposed to be
stricken out and the matter proposed to be inserted
are open to be perfected by way of amendment
before the question'Shall be taken on striking out
and inserting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, by way of per-
fecting the proposition of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, as a proviso, to be added at the end of the
section he proposes, to insert:
Proiided, That before any sales of said reservations or
the propeity tlieieon shall be made, the Secretaiy ot' the
Interior shall cause the same to he inventoried and ap-
piai-ed, and cause public notice of the time and placc tor
the >ale ot' the suine to be published for at Jea?-t sixty days
ui three newspapers of California having the widu&t circu-
lation, stating what property is thus to be sold, and that the
property ghall be fold in parecls.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senate will adopt
the proviso proposed by the chairman of the Com*
mittee on Indian Affairs, for I think it is a very
proper one. I should have inserted it myself, but
I took it for granted that such a power was already
vested by law in the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, and that he certainly would not order prop-
erty to be sold without having an inventory maoe
and it properly appraised. I thought he already
possessed by law the power to do this, and that
no express legislation was requisite for such pur-
pose. If, however, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs thinks the proviso necessary,
I shall make no objection to it, and certainly it is
proper.
Mr. HARLAN. Ishouldliketoinquireofthe
Senator from California how much property there
is, and what the character of the property is which
he proposes to sell under his amendment?
Mr. LATHAM. I am unable to answer that
question. I do not suppose any one could answer
it except the superintendent of Indian affairs, and
he only upon a critical examination of the inven-
tories which are on file in his department. There
certainly might be a large amount of farming im-
plements, and I believe there is a mill upon one
of the reservations, and certain other property that
I am notconversantwith, never having been upon
either of the reservations. I only know that the
Government has already appropriated, and that
there have been expended large sums of money
upon these reservations, and there ought to ba
something to show for it. I stated to the Senate
that I had no doubt that when the inventories
were made out and appraisement had, and sale
was made, the $100,000 which I called for to re-
move and subsist the Indians will be more than
compensated by the returns from these sales.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire also whether the
Senator knows that the title to the lands which
he proposes to purchase can be made perfect to
the United States?
Mr. LATHAM. In one instance I have been
informed at the Indian department that the title of
the Government is perfect, and that is the pro-
posed reservation in the southern district. In the
northern district the title of the Government is
only partial. For some reason unknown to the
department as well as to myself, the northern res-
ervation, the Round Valley reservation,was never
segregated, and the result was that settlers came
in and laid out their quarter sections upon a por-
tion of the reservation. A portion of it is under
the control of the Government, and the extin-
guishment of title will only apply to such portion
as is in possession of the settlers. There will be
no trouble about getting the title, because I have
110 doubt that if the Government chose to exercise
its powers as it has frequently done on that coast,
it could remove all the settlers, but it would pro-
voke a bad state of feeling which ought to be ob-
viated, as they have equitable rights which ought
to be recognized and proper compensation made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin to the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin to
the amendment, but I doubt very much the wis-
dom of adopting the amendmentafter it shall have
been amended, with the knowledge the Senate
now has on the subject. I am in favor of the prin-
ciple proposed by the Senator from California in
thegcneralamendmentnow pending, but the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have not had the inform-
ation which as it seems to me would justify me
in voting for an entire change of the management
of the Indians on that coast at this time. I think
it would be much wiser to authorize the Interior
Department to collect the facts that may be ne-
cessary for an enlightened judgment on this sub-
ject, before we repeal the existing law and change
so radically the entire system. There is no mem-
ber of the committee that has any correct idea of
the amount of property to be sold, nor of what
ad vantage it now is to the Indians, or of the man-
ner of its use; nor do they know the character of
the claims that may be setup to the reservations
we propose to purchase or to set apart for the use
of the Indian tribes. Nor do I think the expenses
will be retrenched by the adoption of this amend-
ment as a substitute for the amendment proposed
by the committee. I shall thereforefeelconstrained,
