1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. v
3045
most valuable. I think it is; butit will be observed
that this section, if we pass it into a law, confines
the Secretary of War to a particular kind, and
does not give him the privilege of selecting which-
ever of these three kinds he may judge, after hav-
ing tasted them, that it is most advisable to use,
or which will be most acceptable to the men. I
wish to suggest to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire if we had not better amend this section so as
to allow the Secretary of War a wider discretion
than he will have by the section as it is, and let
him select any of these extracts of coffee. Then
there are some gentlemen here who have friends
who are in the ground coffee business, and I should
like to have them included.
Mr. HALE. I am willing.
Mr. GRIMES. With that amendment I am
content.
Mr. HALE. Let us reconsider this first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on reconsidering the vote by which the
Senate adopted the amendment of the committee
to this section.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on adopting the amendment proposed by
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senate
all that I know about this. A Mr. Bridge from
my State, a highly respectable gentleman, came to
me some time ago and exhibited specimens of this
particular preparation. Heisagentleman in whose
word I have very great confidence. I have no rea-
son to have any other than entire confidence in
him. He stated that this was the best prepara-
tion, and my friend from Iowa says he believes itis.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought it was Tilden's, but
I am not certain.
Mr. FfiSSENDEN. It is known that before,
when two or three kinds were exhibited, and it
was left open, the worst one was chosen.
Mr. GRIMES. The most worthless and the
most expensive.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. As this is considered the
best, and is the best, I suppose that that influenced
the committee and they adopted this. It was
thought better to do that than to leave any officer
at liberty to take the poorest article and pay the
highest price. This gentleman came to me and
stated his wishes, and he gave me a bottle of the
preparation. I tasted it, and so did my friend
from Iowa, and I thought better of it than he did;
and the Senator from New Hampshire tasted it.
I knew nothing more about it until I found a pro-
vision of this kind was put into the Navy bill, and
passed without objection. Then it seems that the
Committee of Ways and Means, or some other
committee, I do not know who did it, had this pro-
vision inserted in this bill. As the bill came to
the Senate wefound this pro vision, and we adopted
it upon the same ground, supposing there was no
objection to it, as it had already been adopted in
the Navy bill.
The amendment we have put into the section in
regard to the Navy was simply to provide that this
article should be obtained in the same manner, and
under like restrictions and guarantees, as preserved
meats, pickles, butter, and desiccated vegetables
are procured for the Navy, because they are not
procured for the Army, and it was necessary to
make this amendment in order to make out the
sense of the sentence.
In regard to the other amendment that was
made, I am perfectly willing that the clause shall
be left as it was before. If it is to be left to the
decision of the men, I am satisfied; but I supposed
the thing could not be decided by the men but by
the Department, and, therefore, the amendment
was proposed in the shape in which it was pre-
sented. I have no attachment to the form in which
this proposition may be adopted. I do not see any
harm in adopting the clause. It has been stated
to me, and I suppose it to be true, that much of the
coffee used in the Army when they are on marches
is necessarily made badly, and it would be a mat-
ter of great convenience to the troops when on
forced marches, if they could carry this valuable
preparation which may be so easily converted into
coffee for drinking purposes. All they have to dc>
is to boil waterand then mix a teaspoonful of this
extract with it and it makes, I think, very respect-
able coffee, sweetened and .milked in the proper
proportions. Whether there would not be cheat-
ing in it afterwards, I cannot tell.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the trouble.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I suppose proper reg-
ulations would be adopted on that subject so far as
the Department could. I am very certain that the
gentleman who came to me about it would be a
party to no fraud of any kind or description. I
have known him ever since he was a boy, and I
am perfectly sure that nothing of that kind would
come from him. Under these circumstances, the
Committee on Finance had no sort of difficulty in
adopting this section, and I think still it will be a
very good provision, and will be found in many
cases, when the troops are on a hurried march, to
be exceedingly useful and beneficial.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not remember the phrase-
ology that was adopted in the naval appropriation
bill intending to cover a case somewhat similar,
but I think it was different from this. My im-
pression is, that that left a discretion with the
chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing to
select any of these preparations. Now, the great
objection I have to this proposition is, that it con-
fines the selection to one preparation which I ad-
mit from all the testimony before me I think now
is a great deal the best; but will it always remain
the best? Having the monopoly under a law of
Congress, will it not, after a while, deteriorate and
the others become the best?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is within our power at
any time.
Mr. GRIMES. But we have got to come hero
and solemnly enact a law of Congress on the sub-
ject. If we leave the Secretary of War to select
either of these preparations, he can take which-
ever he sees fit. I am satisfied that this prepara-
tion is the best at this time, if there can be any
best in such a matter as this. It does not suit m y
taste, but it does others. I think the Department
ought not to beconfined to one preparation of these
extracts, if we are going to furnish them at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment which has been
reconsidered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question just taken,
I understand, was on the first amendment to the
section. The amendment in the seventh and
eighth lines, inserting the words " are procured
for the Navy," is necessary in order to make
se use
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has not been reconsidered.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the whole
section.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now I move to strike out lines
one hundred and seventy-four, one hundred and
seventy-five, one hundred and seventy-six, and
one hundred and seventy-seven, in these words:
For compensation of the clerk and messenger in the of-
fice of the commanding general, $2,000.
For contingent expenses of the office of the commanding
general, ,>'300.
General Scott had his headquarters here, where
he has left a clerk and a messenger that he did not
carry with him; andthisisthe clerk and the mes-
senger of the commanding general that we are to
pay for. There is no commanding general there,
and it is simply keeping up a sort of—if we were
in the classics of antiquity I would say, to repre-
sent the shade or shadow of somebody that was
there some time ago. I hope it will be stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the time these esti-
mates were made there was a commanding gen-
eral, and he had a clerk and a messenger in his
office. He had for several months afterwards, up
to a particular time. How the office remained af-
ter the commanding general went to Richmond or
near Richmond, 1 do not know. I suppose there
ought to be some appropriation to pay these offi-
cers while they continue in office. Whether they
now remain there or not, I am unable to say.
Mr. HALE. This is for next year; the year
that begins to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. HALE. 1 guess we had better cut it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that I have a
communication from the Pay master General, say-
ing that the small appropriation for contingent
expenses in his office for the last year has not been
made. He desires that the sum of $1,000 may
be appropriated to pay certain bills there which
are absolutely necessary. I move this amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section two:
For tile contingent expenses of the Paymaster General's
office for the year ending the 30tll of June, 1862, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I am instructed by the Commit- '
tee on Military Affairs to move to amend the bill
in lines two hundred and ten and two hundred and
eleven of the first section, page 10, by striking
out " one hundred and fifty," and inserting " five
hundred," so that instead of $150,000, it shall read
§500,000. The clause will then read:
For secret service fund, and to reimburse the contingent
fund of the Army ^500,OuO.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear an
explanation of that.
Mr. KING. If any explanation is necessary
I will state that this amendment is offered in pur-
suance of a request contained in a letter from the
War Department, stating that some time since an
appropriation was recommended by the Depart-
ment of $150,000 for a secret service fund, and to
reimburse the contingent fund of the Army; and
in pursuance of that recommendation this item
was inserted in the bill, but recent experience has
shown this amount to be inadequate and far be-
low the necessities of the service. The expendi-
ture for secret service is found to be necessary in
every city that is captured in the insurgentStates;
$500,000 at least will be required to meet the
wants of the Army for secret service during the
next fiscal year, and the Secretary of War earn-
estly recommends that the appropriation for that
purpose be increased to that amount. The Mili-
tary Committee were satisfied, upon sufficient in-
formation, of the necessity for the use of this
money, and they unanimously agreed to grant
the amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I am also instructed by the Mil-
itary Committee to offer as an addition to the first
section, to come in after line twohundredand nine-
teen, the following amendment:
For providing for the comfort of discharged soldiers who
may arrive in the principal cities of the United States so
disabled by disease or by wounds received in the service as
to be unable to proceed to their homes, and for forwarding
destitute soldiers to their homes, $2,000,000, to be expended
under the direction of the President of the United States.
A similar provision was made for the return
home of the disabled soldiers of the Mexican war,
and for this we have a recommendation of the
War Department.
The amendment was ngrced to.
Mr. KING. I am also instructed to move to
add aftother clause to follow the one just adopted:
For enlarging, repairing, and furnishing the Northwest
Executive Building, $20,000.
I will state that the object of this is to add a
story to the building now occupied by the War
Department, and increase the number of rooms
for the clerks, which is deemed necessary. The
Department, as we all know, now has to hire a
good many buildings outside. This, also, is spe-
cially recommended by the Secretary.
Mr. POWELL. I aid not hear the Senator; I
do not know what is meant by " Northwest Exec-
utive Building."
Mr. KING. I stated to the Senate that the ob-
ject was to add a story to the building used for the
War Department now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I am also instructed to move to
add to this section the following clause, to come
in after the amendment just adopted:
For grading and improving that part of Judiciary square,
in the city of Washington, upon which the general hospital
of the United States is located, $4,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Surgeon General.
We have a letter from the Surgeon General re-
commending this. It is to improve the grounds
in the Judiciary square, and is necessary for the
health of soldiers in the hospital there. I am told,
though I have not seen them myself, that there
are depressions, hollows, in which water stands
below the gutter, and cannot be drained off. It is
necessary, as a sanitary measure, that something
of this sort should be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I am also instructed to move as
an additional section to the bill:
Jlni be it further enacted, That so much of the seventh
section of the act, approved the 3d of March, 1851, entitled
