1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
li'Tft, and the long tlnip required to get them here, fill them
up, send them to Washington, have the payment ordered,
and the paymaster reach us, leaves us no hope that our
uoops can he paid Cor five or six weeks to come. Upon these
circumstances there remains no other course but to urgently
press upon the attention of the Government the absolute ne-
cessity of sending us fresh tmops at once, with ample sup-
plies for them and lor those now heie. At least ten thou-
sand men should he sent, and that promptly. You will send
the incloscd dUpatck by telegraph to General Mc Clellan, and
also to ike War Department, and foiwaidby mail a copy of
tills letter."
This is directed to Chester Harding, jr., assist-
ant adjutant general at St. Louis, who doubtless
sent the dispatch to General McClellan as re-
quested, and here is the dispatch, dated July 20,
of General McClellan, in reply:
To Chester Uarding, Jr., Assistant Jldjutanb General:
In case of an attack on Cairo, have none but Illinois troops
to reinforce,and only eleven thousand arms in Illinois. Will
direct two regiments to be ready at Caseyvrtle; but jou will
only use them foi defense of St. Louis, and4n case of abso-
lute necessity. Telegraph me fiom nine to time.
G li. MeCLEI.LAN,
Major General United States Jinny.
He could not allow reinforcements to go to the
supportof General Lyon in the southwest. There
was more imminent danger he felt nearer by; and he
pointed to Cairo as one of the threatened points,
and St. Louisas another. He will "direct two regi-
ments to be ready at Casey ville, but you will only
use them for defense of 6t. Louis, and in case of ab-
solute necessity." Here is a dispatch of General
McClellan, live days after Lyon's appeal for troops
through his assistant adjutant general, and six
days before General Fremont arrived at St. Louis,
declining to send reinforcements to General Lyon.
And now 1 want General Lynn to speak from his
grave, and answer whether he considers General
Fremont responsible for his death.
1 read, first, a letter from Lyon himself to As-
sistant Adjutant General Harding, at St. Louis:
Springfield, Missouri, July IT, 1861.
Sir: 1 inclose you a copy of a letter to Coionel Town-
send on the subject of an oidcr fiom General Scott, which
calls toi five companies oi the second mfantiy to be with-
drawn from the West and sent to Washington. previous
Wftlcr withdraws the mounted troops, a* I am mini mod, and
weie it not that some nt them were en route to this place
tlioy would now be in Washington. Thh order cairiedout
would not no:r teuvc tit Port Lca< enworth a single company.
I have companies )i and ft second infantry now under orifeis
for iVushuigton, and if all the&e troops leave me I can do
nothing, and must retoc in Ike absence of other troop* to
siipphj their plates. In tact. I am badly enough off at the
bcvt, and mu>t uttetly fall if'my rrguiais all go. At Wash-
ington troops liom all the nonh^rn, middle, and eastern
states ate available tor the supportol the Army in Virginia,
vid inoi eare unih'iMood to be all rady thine than ai e wanted,
a id it M'ein^sii.nure that s<> in.mv tioops mu>t go on liom
I  e VVo-1, and strip us of the moans of defense; but if it is
the intention to give up the lot it he so.
I omit a severe allusion to General Scott, be-
cause 1 do not wish, by reproducing it here, even
to give it currency, feeling that General Lyon, in
his great anxiety, did him injustice. The letter
concludes:
Cannot vou *>tir up this mattet, and secure us relief? Bee
Fremont it he ha«  ai lived. The wantot supplies has crip-
pled me f-o that I cannot move, and I do not know when I
can. Ever) tluug beems to com bine against me at this point.
Stir up Blair.
Yours truly, N. LYON, Commanding.
Colonel ({ \rping, St. Louis Arsenal, Missouri.
I would not allude to my friend's brother at all
if it had not been ihat he himself alluded to him
in his speech, and the only allusion 1 shall have
occasion to make to him is the one 1 am now about
to make. I want to use his evidence to show why
Geneial Lyon was not-reinforced. On the 26th
of July last, Montgomery Blair wrote to General
Fremont as follows:
Washington, Ju/j/2!5, 1831.
Dc \r Gj-.ner u,: I have two telegrams fiom you. but lind
it impossible now to g/'t any attention to Missouri or west-
em mattei-liom the autiioi me- in-ie. You will have to do J
the beat >ou can, and take .ill needful responsibility, to do- |
fend and protect the people over whom you are specially set. [
Yours, truly, and in haste, M. BLAIR. !
That was five days after the battle of Bull Run, j
and when this city was supposed to be in immi-
nent danger; and I doubt not that fact explains j
why the \V est was comparatively neglected. 1 j
shall assume that and blame no one, for my ob-
ject and resolution is to attack no one to-day, but
to simply give reasons for the faith that is in me.
I shall lead now some more extracts from Gen-
eral Lyon's cotrespondence, because the one 1
nave read was not the only protest he made. The
next is from a letter from General Lyon, written
to Colonel Harding on the day after Fremont got
to St. Louis, and ten days after the previous letter.
He says, under date of July 27:
If the Government cannot give due attention to the
West, her interests must have a corresponding disparage-
ment."
And in a memorandum from General Lyon, sent
by Colonel Phelps to General Fremont, dated
Springfield, July 27, he says:
" The safety of the Slate is hazarded; orders from Gen-
eral Scott stiip the entire West of legular torces, and in-
crease the chances of saciificing it."1'
But I want now to read the statement of his
assistant adjutant general, Colonel Harding. It
is long, but it docs justice to the dead general and
to the living general; and it is written by the as-
sistant adjutant general, who,, from his confidential
relations with his chief, knew his thoughts best
of all men now living:
" Looking, then, to the position of affairs in this State on
the 26th July, 1861, it wilt be found that General Lyon was
in the .southwest m need of reinforcements. There was
tumble in the northwest, requiring more troops than were
there. In the northeast there were no more troops than
were requned to perform the tas k allotted to them, while in
the south and southeast there was a rebel army of sufficient
force to endangei Bird's Point, Cape Girardeau, Ironton,
Holla, and St. Lbui->,and no adequate preparation was made
to meet it.
"General Fremont sent the eighth Missouri to Cape Gi-
rardeau, and the fomth United States teserve corps (whose
term ot service was to expue on the 8th August,) to icm-
foice Bland at fronton. He took some ot General Pope's
force from him, added to it two battalions of the first and
second United State-* lescive corps, (whose term of service
was to expue on the 7th August,) equipped Buell's light
battel}', and started about the l<t August tor Bird's Point,
with the troops thus collected, being something le*s than
thirty-eight hundred men, and being also all the available
troops in tins icgion, expecting to find an enemy not less
than twenty thousand strong.
" Subsequent events showed that tlie rebel force was not
ovoi-c{ tim<ued.and nothing but the lemforceni'Mits sent to
the points above named and the expedition down tlie river
ptevented its advance upon them Common report gieatly
magnified these reiutoiccin 'uts; and it was geueialiy be-
lieved in the city, and no doubt so reported to the lebellead-
eis, that Fremont bad moved some ten or twelve thousand
troops to the southeast, while in fact he did not have over
five thousand five hundred to move, and was not stiong
enough at any point to take the field and commence offens-
ive operations.
u Geneial Fremont was not inattentive to the situation of
General Lyon's column, and went so far us to remove the
guriison of Booneville, m order to send him aid."
But my friend from Missouri says that there
were quantities of troops coming into St. Louis
who could have been detailed to reinforce General
Lyon. So there were; but hear what Colonel
Harding says:
" During the fust days of August, tioops aruved in the
citv in late-' numbers. Nearly allof themieac unarmed;
aU. were uit'i -at transportation. Jlemment niter ie\!,imcnt
laid for days in the city without any equipnu nfc<for thcieuson
that the arsenal was exhausted, and and, accoulerments
had to he b)ou«htfiom the East. Fiom these men General
Lvon would have had remtorccments, although they were
wholly unpraetieed in the u«o of the musket, and knew
nothing of movements in 1 he field; but in the mean time
the battle of the 10th of August was, louglit."
And yet, when they were entirely without arms,
and Fremonlsought,at this very time—the 6th of
August—in his overwhelming anxiety and solici-
tude, to buy any kind of arms to put into their
hands to protect the Union, and put down the re-
bellion, and save the lives of our brave soldiers
and their generals al all the exposed points in his
department, he was denounced from one end of
the country to the other as being m the hands of
contractors, and in corrupt collusion with knaves.
If this is justice, God save me from ever being in
any position in this Government to receive such
justice.
My friend stated, and I took down the exact
words that fell from his lips, on this envelope,
that u there was at that time no necessity to re-
inforce Cairo from St. Louts; that it could have
been reinforced fiom other directions." Now, I
ditfer with him on that point, and 1 think I can
prove that I am right. Fremont then had act-
ually but little available force under his com-
mand. Indeed, on the 16th of July, General
Lyon had had to authorize one regiment of his
little band at Springfield (Colonel Riown'sfourth)
to return to St. Louis, to be mustered out of ser-
vice, at the expiration of their three months' en-
listment. The three months5 men would not re-
enlist, because they could not get their pay. The
West at that time, in the pressure from the East,
and the imminent peril of the capital, seemed to
be neglected. The troops already under aims
did not see ihe paymaster, and they would not
reenlist. With this inadequate force and tins lack
of arms, Fremont had to choose between rein-
forcing one point or the other. Now, I submit
the question to the House and the country, which
of those two points was the most important; the
one at the end of a wagon road in southwestern
Missouri, whence Lyon could possibly retreat
if he felt that he could not sustain his position,
and the other at the mouth of the Ohio river,
where it joins the Mississippi, commanding both
streams, and the furthest point south of which
we had possession? Which was the most im-
portant? Should they retire from Cairo or from
Springfield? I contend, that as this evidence
proves, Fremont could only reinforce one of these
points, and he went down to Cairo on the 1st of
August. My friend insists that General Pren-
tiss's dispatches prove that he did not stand in
pressing need of reinforcements. Let us see. I
read now what General Prentiss said. General
Prentiss was commanding at Cairo, and on the
23d of July he wrote to Colonel Harding as fol-
lows:
" Have but eight (8) regiments here. Six (6) of them are
three (3) months' men. Their time expires this week—are
reoigajuzing now. I have neither tents nor wagons, and
must hold Cairo and Dud's Point."
He said he had but eight regiments and six of
them were three months'men, and their term ex-
pired that very week, before Fremont could get
there, leaving only two certainly available regi-
ments at Cairo. Now let us see what was the po-
sition of the rebel forces in the vicinity of Cairo.
1 read again from General Prentiss, under date of
July 28:
" To Major General Fremont :
k- Rebel -i trom Tenne-see aie concentrating at New Mad-
rid, Missouri, with avowed intention of assaulting Bird's
Point. They may intend going to Cape Giraideau. Colonel
Marsh ha* no b.iuei v. I hat c none to spare. My command is
met qmg hom three months to three ycars^ sernce on half
recess. Mustcung in yc&teiday and to-day. I have but two
six-pounders prepared to move.'''
We come down now to July 29, the next day.
General Prentiss again telegraphs Fiemont; and
you will see that the danger is daily becoming
moie imminent;
*' On yesteiday, thiee thousand rebels west of Bird's Point
forty miles; three bundled at Madrid and three regiments
from Umon City oideted there; ulso troops from Randolph
and Corinth. The munber of organized rebels within fifty
miles of me will czceed twelve thousand—that i?, including
Randolph troops oideied and not including several compa-
nies opposite in Kentucky."'
Again, on the lstday of August, he telegraphed
Geneial Fremont a still darker prospect, as fol-
lows. (New Madrid is on the Mississippi river,
south of Cairo, and not very distant:)
"The following information just received is, I believe,
veiy leliable. Ccnend Pillow teas at New Madrid on the
moininz of the 31 sf, with eleven thousand troops well armed
and well d i illed; two regiments of cavalry splendidly equipped;
one battery of flying artillery) ten-pounders, and ten <jwns
manned and officered by foreigners; several mountain how-
itzers and other aitillcry^ amounting in all to one hundi ed.
Nine thousand more moving to reinforce. He has piomised
Goveinoi Jackson to place twenty thousand men in Mis-
souri at once. I have a copy of his proclamation and also
one of his written passes.'3
These dispatches came pouring in upon General
Fremont from this exposed and important posi-
tion, vital not only for Illinois but for the whole
Union, where there were but eight regiments, only
two of which they had & right to hold there, the
remaining six being three months'men whose term
luid expired, and the lebels were forming round
them twenty thousand strong. McClellan, bat
ten days before, had, in reply to Lyon's appeals,
in the telegram I have quoted, expressly pointed
to Cairo as a threatened position, and had alluded
to the inadequate forces at his command for its
defense. What should an officer do under such
circumstances? Fremont did the best he could;
he got together all the men he could, and went
down with steamboats to Cairo. And for this he
was condemned all over the country, because lie
went down there with steamboats and " made a
parade," when really it was useful, because it
impressed the secessionists and capitalists of St.
Louis with the conviction that he had a larger
force than he really had. But let me say, in pass-
ing, just here, that great complaint was made be-
cause General Fremont went down to the boat in
a carriage and four. My friend did not speak of
it, but the charge has been in circulation all over
thecounUy. Now, the facts in relation to that
matter are just these, as I learned at St. Louis.
His friends, without his knowledge, when the
expedition was ready to start, brought a cairiage
and four to his house for him to ride down to the
