2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
with the light I have on the subject, after exam-
ining it as well as I could during the brief period
since the amendment has been suggested, to vote
against the amendment. I however state again
that I approve the general proposition of collect-
ing the Indians on that coast in one, or two, or
three reservations.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia as amended
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is one pointings
amendment where it would seem to me there ought
to be an additional provision. It provides for ap-
plying the proceeds of the sales to the extinguish-
ment of settlers' titles and making improvements
on the Round Valley reservation. Now if there
be settlers in that valley, and I suppose there arc,
who have rights, or claim to have rights, in the
soil, there ought to be some way of getting their
title to that soil without resting entirely on nego-
tiation; there ought to be some provision for the
appointment of appraisers, or something of the
kind, to iix the price at which the Government is
to take the land. Otherwise, the Government
would be completely at the mercy qf those settlers
to put just such prices as they pleased on the land
in this valley, 1 have before me the statement of
the superintendent of the northern district of Cal-
ifornia, in which he speaks of this Round Valley
reservation; and, perhaps, from this we can de-
rive more correct information of the state of the
valley than from anythingclse which 1 have seen.
He states:
" Round Valley reservation is situated about sixty miles
iu a northerly direction from Mendocino."
Mendocino is upon the coast.
" It is walled in with mountains, and contains about
ninotecn thousand acres or well-watered land, two thiids
of winch will yield a rich rewatd to the cultivator. The
supply of timber is ample for all purposes and all time.
"The whole of this beautiful valley has been surveyed
lor an Indian reservation. Previously, a*« is alleged, per-
mission to persons to settle on certain portions of the land
was given by Colonel Henley." *
He was a former superintendent of Indian
affairs.
u There are at tills time from twenty to twenty-five farms,
some of which contain over a thousand acres, inclosed and
cultivated mainly by Indian labor. These fauns are occu-
pied by perhaps fifty white men and three white women, and
the improvements are worth some lifry thousand doll.ns.
u There are al«o a numbei of pet>ons engaged in sui vey-
iiin some moist lands within the valley, with a view to
taking them upas swamp and overflowed land*.. I wMi in-
fetiuciions. as to the course to be pursued with such persons.
" The stock of the whites overrun the valley. It a few
cattle or sheep aie missing, ^which easily happens with
such hcrdmgs as they have,) the Indians ate accused of
stealing, as a matter of course, and aie tieated with vio-
lence. A very large majority of the whites aie unmarued
men, who constantly excite the Indians to jealousy and
nvenge by taking their squaws from them, in a woid, it
will he impossible to govern and inform the Indians unless
these white inhabitants can bealtogetheriemoved from the
valley.
"The present settlers express a willingness to icmovo
on condition that the Government will pay them for their
impiovements. I suggest the expediency of a commission
to appraise their impiovements, and that the Government
purchase them nt a fair valuation, especially as the im-
provements are eminently useful.
" A gii^t mill is much needed m the valley.
" The valley, as I hav stated, is surrounded by mount-
ains. inclosed please find a iou h draft or plat, which
will help you to a definite idea of us situation.
" I suggest, us of the iir>t importance, that, by a special
act of Con<ire«s, the entire valley and the adjacent wilder-
ness should be set apart exclusively for the use of the In-
dians, lor tillage and hunting grounds, so that the reserva-
tion .-hall be bounded by the main ridge of mountains on the
northeast, and by a line running, at all points, half a mile
north of the noith branch ot Kel river, till the two lines
meet hclovv the junction of the two streams, comprising a
boundary not exceeding twenty-five miles squaic."
He goes on and gives vat tous other reasons why
it is of importance that i he Indians should be gath-
ered into the valleys where they can be inclosed
andseparatedfrom the whites. If we want to save
even the remnants of these decaying tribes, we
must gather them somewhere into large reserva-
tions, and the policy, I have no doubt, is a good
one in California. 1 have no doubt it is the only
policy that can save the Indian tribes this side of
the Rocky mountains; that they maybe gathered
into large reservations where you can have one
superintendent living among them, where you can
have a small military force winch can preventthe
whites from trespassing upon them, and prevent
the Indians from fighting each other, and then
with some assistance from the Government, let
them hunt and fish and cultivate the soil, and live
the best way they can.
That, I believe, is the best plan for preserving
the tribes; but on this question of getting these
reservations, I suggest to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, if we adopt the amendment, let us adopt
it in such a way as not to put ourselves at the
mercy of these speculating intruders who have
gone into that valley, and who insist upon our
paying them their own terms for the property.
We must go there with some power to appraise
their land and take it from them. It is undoubt-
edly a great mistake thauColonel Henley ever per-
mitted the whites to go in there.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not think he could have
prevented it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps he was unable to
prevent it.
Mr. LATHAM. At the suggestion of the Sen-
ator fiom Wisconsin, I will add at the end of the
first subdivision of my amendment, these words:
The amount so to be paid for such improvements, to be
determined by a commission of two persons, to be selected
by the President of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California will be so
modified. The question is on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire that this matter
should be conducted with the utmost economy
that is possible; and I will call the attention of
the Senate for a moment to the bill as it stands.
The bill, as it comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives, appropriates for the Indian service in
California $44,500. Then, in the amendments
which were agreed to by the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, there were these provisions:
for five supervisors under the law which was passed
in 1860 or 1861, $6,000; for salaries of clerks to the
superintendents, &c., $2,700; for the same service
for 1863, $3,000; and then for the purchase of cattle
for beef and milk, together with food and clothing
for Indians, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1863,
for the northern district $25,000, and for the south-
ern district $15,000. These would be the appro-
priations if the amendments of the committee as
they were first reported should be adopted, which,
together with the appropriations in the Housebill,
would approximate very nearly, I think, to the
sum which is provided for in this amendment of
the Senator from California. Rut what I was
going to suggest to the Senator from California is
to reduce the amount of the appiopriation in his
amendment, say to $50,000, in addition to what
may be obtained by the Government in the sale
of its property in the other reservations, and then
he may accomplish the purpose and carry out this
policy, and secure the passage of his amendment
perhaps through the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. The reason why 1 did not
do that is this: if these Indians are removed to
these two reservations, it must be done during the
summer season; and if you have to make an in-
ventory and appraisement of the property to be
sold, more time will have been expended than can
be during the coming summer season, and leave
sufficient time to remove the Indians to these two
reservations; and therefore I thought it better to
make this appropriation outright, in order that
they might go to work at once to collect the In-
dians together, and remove them, and that the pro-
ceeds of the sale of these reservations might be
turned over to the Interior Department. As I
stated before, if the Senate Committee on Finance
and the Committee on Indian Affairs regard the
$100,000 as too much, 1 will acquicsce in cutting
it down; but I would not make the appropriation
depend on the sale of these reservations, or rather
I would not make the operation of this enactment
depend upon the proceeds of the sale of these res-
ervations, and such property as we can dispense
with. The reduction of the $100,000 to $75,000
would leave the amendment I propose considera-
bly less than the necessary appropriation as pro-
vided for in the general appropriation bill, and
the amendments offered by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs of this body; and it would be true
economy on the part of the Government, even at
that rate. Therefore, if the Senate desire, I move
to strike out $100,000, and reduce it to $75,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator how much land he supposes that the res-
ervations which he proposes to have sold con-
tain ?
Mr. LATHAM. That I am unable to answer.
They are very large reservations; they contain a
great many thousand acres. The exact amount
I cannot tell without referring to documentary
matter which is not now in my possession; but I
can send and get it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There does not seem to
be any system provided by which the sale is to be
carried on. It is to be carried on, it seems, und£r
the direction of two men. I am very suspicious
of all sales of large quantities of land by agents of
the Government unless the mode is specifically
pointed out. I am entirely uninformed with ref-
erence to the large amount of money that is pro-
posed to be appropriated for this new system that is
now suggested. It does not come within the sphere
of duty that is assigned to the Committee on Fi-
nance. We go through with our bills and exam-
ine them with reference to the estimates that are
made by the Department and recommended to us
in order to meet existing treaties and laws. As
was remarked by my colleague on the committee,
the Senator from Ohio, it is very manifest that
these items never have gone through the Treasury
Department to be examined with reference to
existing laws and treaties, and submitted to us in
due form. They come into the Senate in the first
place, never having gone to the Treasury Depart-
ment, never having gone to the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is the proper body to examine
these matters in the first instance. They are sub-
mitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate; and in what condition do we find that
committee ? Here is a very large number of new
appropriations. I cannot trace many of them to any
existing law or treaty. We are obliged to depend
entirely upon the Committee on Indian Affairs to
look into them. The recommendations come from
them and not from us. We have had no oppor-
tunity to examine them. What do we find here ?
The Committee on Indian Affairs seem to be about
as ignorant of the whole thing as anybody else.
They have examined some portions of it, but there
are no two gentlemen of that committee who seem
to agree. The Senator from California is allowed
to introduce his amendment in regard to Califor-
nia, not with the approval of the committee, but by
thepermission ofthecommittec. If it saves money
I shall be very glad of it, but I do not understand
exactly how it is to do that. The Senator from
Iowa, one of the committee, thinks it unsafe to
adopt it until we have more information; and the
Senator from Wisconsin, who is chairman of the
committee, does not seem to have any opinion on
the subject one way or the other.
Now, I ask the Senate whether it is safe under
such circumstances to change a system which has
heretofore been adopted with due consideration in
the ordinary way, and take an entirely new one
on the recommendation of my friend from Cali-
fornia. His recommendation goes as far with me
as that of any other Senator, but it seems that
this opinion of his is not sanctioned by the Inte-
rior Department.
Mr. LATHAM. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I said distinctly that this amendment of mine met
the approval of the Interior Department and the
Indian Department, and, as I understood it, of the
Committee on Indian Affairs; but it seems that I
was somewhat mistaken as to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have nothing on
record to show that the Interior Department ap-
proves of it. The Secretary of the Interior m
the huriy of business may have said to my friend
from California, when he showed his scheme to
him, that it looked very well. I suppose it amounts
to about as much as if anybody else with equal
intelligence had said the same thing. 1 suppose
he knows nothing1 about it.
Mr. LATHAM. This amendment was sub-
mitted, and was in the Department for two or
three days, and carefully considered by them.
After having been roughly drafted by me, it was
redrafted [)y the Indian department; so that the
remark the Senator makes that it has not received
due consideration on the part of the Interior De-
partment and the Indian department is not cor-
rect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, Mr. President, let
us look for a single instant at the degree of in-
formation which the Government has, and which
we have in reference to this matter. We have
the Indian appropriation bill broughtin here,and
it is founded by the Committee of Ways and
Means on the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury upon estimates received from the
