1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3047
been adopted of classification of clerkships, to
have some men of different and higher qualifica-
tions, and requiring more pay. Although the new
men appointed will probably all be of class one,
it will be necessary to raise other clerks to higher
positions, and they may require clerks of greater
intelligence and who, of course, would require
greater pay. I should think that might be so from
the operation of it in the other case. Take the
Surgeon General's office, for instance. He only
wants two new clerks, and he wants them of rather
higher qualifications than we ordinarily get in the
lowest class. _
Mr. SHERMAN. He asks for crerks of class
one.
Mr. PESSENDEN. He wants one clerk of
class one and one clerk of class two. The Pay-
master General's office desires three clerks of class
four, six of class three, eleven of class two, and
twenty of class one. You see there is a large num-
ber of clerks undoubtedly necessary. The Pay-
master General's office is suffering exceedingly.
There is no doubt about that, and the public in-
terest is suffering in the same ratio for this reason:
that the Government is likely to lose a good deal
of money, and individuals perhaps more. With
the small force they have there, they cannot settle
or keep anywhere near the necessary settlement
of the accounts of paymasters of the Army. They
are piled up there in heaps as high as the ceiling.
I was surprised to see them. There is an abso-
late want of power in the office to examine them.
What is the consequence.' The consequence is that
the paymasters are notable to settle their accounts
as they ought to be settled very often. They make
their payments, and if they were settled imme-
diately, where they have made any errors, they
can be corrected while the soldiers are to be found;
but if you put it off a year the soldiers are all gone,
and the paymasters must be responsible for all the
errors they have made, and there is no power left
to correct them or for them to regain their money in
any possible way. That is one difficulty. They
are subjected to difficulties of that sort, losing large
sums of money, which may lead to failures of their
own which will result in the Government losing
large sums.
Under these circumstances, 1 am perfectly sat-
isfied that a very large increase of force is neces-
sary in the paymaster's department. From the
nature of the business they have to perform, the
careful examination of paymasters'accounts, and
everything connected with them, tliey do require
a certain number of clerks of considerable expe-
rience, and a greater than ordinary degree of at-
tainment in the business in which they are re-
spectively engaged. Therefore, although I have
generally adopted the principle suggested by my
friend from Ohio, I should not be willing to say
that I would not allow them any increase of clerks
of a higher capacity than class one, because I think
it most likely that they need them there; that they
must raise the few clerks there are there to posi-
tions which will in ordinary justice to them re-
quire a greater amount of pay. How much it may
be, I do not know.
As to the Adjutant General's office, I am notat
all familiar with that, and I do not know what
may be necessary there.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have increased the num-
ber of clerks in that office already.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know we have increased
it; but I suppose there is the same necessity in
that office as in others, and it requires a good deal
of increase in the force. I have no doubt the War
Department has suffered exceedingly from its
want of clerical force. I have it from one of the
officers of that Department who has a great deal to
do with it, in whose judgment I have entire con-
fidence, and I believe my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] has also, that it is necessary; how much,
however, I am unable to say.
Mr. KING. The designation of the classes was
made by the Departments themselves. The Sur-
geon General only asks for clerks of the two lower
classes. He asks for one of class two, that a per-
son of some experience in the office may be pro-
moted, and thus continue the gradations in his
office. These classifications were made someyears
since with a view to give compensation according
to the capacity required for the different places to
which these clerks were assigned; and the com-
mittee were disposed unanimously to assent to the
request of the Department and allow them to have
clerks as they asked for them.
I will call the attention of the Senate to the last
class of clerks asked for; and that is, ten who
shall be compensated at the rate of sixty dollars
per month; showing that the Department in mak-
ing this arrangement and calculation have designed
to ask for what would give them the force they
require at the least expense. They suppose that
ten of these clerks may be employed at a com-
pensation less than that of class one, or the lowest
class of regular clerks. It is also proposed to de-
tail ten non-commissioned officers, who will re-
ceive their ordinary pay in the Army as if they
were in camp, for services as clerks in that Depart-
ment; and from that class of persons in the ser-
vice, undoubtedly young men can be found en-
tirely competent to fill those stations, and who
would prefer being so engaged.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if it costs the
clerks any more to live than it does the private
soldiers.
Mr. KING. 1 would refer the Senator to the
gentlemen themselves, and compare their report.
He must know as well as I.
Mr. GRIMES. Private soldiers get thirteen
dollars a month, about one hundred and sixty dol-
lars a year, and rations, equivalent to thirty cents
a day. The whole amount would be less than four
hundred dollars; and yet it is said that $1,200 is
not sufficient compensation for a clerk.
Mr. KING. Ten of these clerks are to be paid
sixty dollars per month. Non-commissioned offi-
cers, when employed on other duty receive, I be-
lieve, by the regulations, forty cents in addition to
their wages. These salaries of the officers of the
Government are unequal from top to bottom; and
the Senator from Iowa may make any suggestion
as to amendment that he chooses on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in favor of putting them
all as first-class clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from New York.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Ohio moved to
amend the amendment, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the amendment to
the amendment is to reduce them all to first-cfass
clcrkships.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio suggested such a modification. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
and myself are making a calculation as to the sum
necessary to be appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
adopted afterwards without delaying this amend-
ment.
Mr. KING. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Ohio whether he intends by his amendment
to make the ten transient clerks, or sixty dollars
a month clerks, clerks of the first class.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will pause a
moment, we will estimate the amount necessary,
and draw the proper amendment.
Mr. FOOT. While the Senators from Maine
and Ohio are preparing amendments to the pend-
ing amendment offered by the Senator from New
York, I will ask that the consideration of that
amendment be passed over for the present, that I
may offer an amendment by direction of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the amendment.
Mr. FOOT. By direction of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted., That the restriction or limita-
tion contained in the proviso to thejoint resolution approved
April 16,1862, transferrin" the superintendencyof the Cap-
itol extension from the War Department to the Department
of the Interior, shall not be so construed or applied as to pre-
vent the completion of, and the payment for, the painting
now in progress on the wall over the stairway on the west-
ern side of the south wing, agreeably to the terms of the con-
tract made between General M. C. Meigs, on behalf of the
Government, and Mr. E. Leuue, the artist, on the 9th day
of July, 1861.
Mr. President, on the 9th of July last General
Meigs, then superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion,entered into a written contract with the artist,
Mr. E. Leutze, for a painting upon the western
wall of the southern wing of the Capitol, of which
the following is a copy. I will ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Contract for painting a picture on the wall of the southwest
staircase of the Capitol extension.
It is agreed this 9th day of July, 1861, at Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, between C. Leutze, artist, of the first
part, and General M. C. Meigs, superintendent of the Cap-
itol extension for the United States of the second part, that
Mr. Leutze shall paint upon the western wall of the western
stairs of the Capitol extension, a picture of " Emigration,"'
the size, including tho ornamental border, to be twenty feet
by thirty feet, to be finished within two years from date,
and thatfor this work Mr. Leutze shall be paid by the United
States a total sum of $20,000, deducting any sum he may
have alreadyvreceived towards paying for the design. Said
sum to be paid in installments, as follows: for completing
the design, deducting the sum already received, $3,500. In
equal installments, during the progress of the study and ex-
ecution of the work, at the end of each month, $500 until
the total sum paid shall amount to $15,000; the remaining
sum of $5,000 to be paid upon completion of the work.
[Signatures.]
Mr. FOOT. Under that contract the artist
Leutze prosecuted the work until it was arrested
by order of the Secretary of the Interior after the
transfer of the superintendency from the War to
the Interior Department, in accordance with the
proviso of the joint resolution making that trans-
fer, which inhibited the expenditure of any por-
tion of the unexpended appropriations for the
Capitol extension for works of art and ornament.
About five sixths of the work has been done, leav-
ing one sixth yet remaining. The artist has been
paid the sum of $8,000, and is now entitled to
$7,000 more, $5,000 being reserved as a pledge or
guarantee for the completion of the work. It is
desirable that that work should be completed. As
it is, it is altogether useless, a marplot rather than
an ornament to the building. Besides, it would
be a waste of all the money expended, and which
is due to him, some sixteen or seventeen thousand
dollars, to leave it in its present condition. As a
matter of economy, as well as a matter of taste
and a matter of justice to the artist, he should be
authorized to go on and complete the work, the
little that remains. I will ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior in this connection be read,
and that will explain the whole.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of the Interior, Washington,
May 30, 1862.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of
the 26th instant, in relation to the amount due upon your
contract for painting a picture upon the stairway of the
Capitol.
Thejoint resolution of Congress, approved April 16,1862,
which transferred the supervision ot the Capitol extension
to this Department, provides " that no money heretofore ap
propriated shall be expended upon the Capitol until author-
ized by Congress, except so much as is necessary to protect
the building from injury by the elements, and to complete
the dome."
This positive prohibition places it out of my power to
make any payments on account of the work in which you
are engaged, without the sanction of Congress.
I am inclined to believe that Congress, upon being in-
formed of the condition in which you are placed, would
remove the restriction so far as it affects your work, and
which I recommend.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary of the Interior.
E. Leutze, Esq., JlrtiU Capitol Extension.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to paying this
amount; I think we ought to pay it; but I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds if the superintendent had
any authority of law to make such a contract?
Was it within the rightful power of the superin-
tendent to go on, withouta vote of Congress,and
contract for picturesat $20,000 a piece to be painted
on any part of the walls of this building? If Gen-
eral Meigs had that power, the present superin-
tendent has it; and I should like to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds whether General Meigs had any au-
thority of law to make any such contract.
Mr. FOOT. I am not prepared to answer that
question categorically. The superintendent did
make that contract, and the contract was approved
by the Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron, at the
time. As a matter of justice to the artist as well
as of economy to the Government, as it is brought
near to a conclusion, I have no doubt about the
expediency of completing it.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt either on that
point. I am in favor of finishing it, and in favor
of paying the artist; but I want to protest here
and now that neither the superintendent, nor the
Secretary of War, nor anybody else under God's
heaven except this Congress, has a right to order
such decorations of this Capitol.
