106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
compact, no greater obligation rests on them than
rests on others.
Now, sir, my objection to this bill rests mainly
on a single ground, and that is that Kentucky
demandsadifferent military system and adifferent
military establishment from that which has been
constituted bylaw. The President of the United
States, under liis proclamations and messages, has
given to us his advice, and we have acted mainly
in accordance with the advice thus given. We
have raised volunteers to the number recommend-
ed by him for the period of three years, or during
the war. Kentucky, not differing from other
States, as I apprehend—for I do not conceive that
it makes any especial difference whether the war
be waged within the border or within the middle
States—asks for herself a system peculiar to her-
self. She asks that volunteers shall be raised for
the period of a single year, and yet that she shall,
at the same time, constitute a portion of the Federal
Army, or of the volunteer forces. It is also pro-
vided in this bill that the volunteers raised shall
not be required to serve outside the limits of the
State, except temporarily. It is not difficult to
conceive that under the plan here proposed a dif-
ferent system is to be set up with reference to the
volunteers in Kentucky from that which prevails
with reference to other volunteers.
An inquiry here would be very natural, as it
strikes mc it would be entirely proper; why should
Kentucky be separated from other portions of the
Union, and have for herself a different system?
Why should she not throw herself, as the other
States of the Union have thrown themselves, on
the Federal Army for the defense and protection
she needs? Is there any reason for this? Is
there any peculiarity in the condition of Kentucky
which should give to her that which should not
be given to any other State in the Union ? Might
not Pennsylvania or New York or Maine ask for
herself that volunteers should be raised for her
people, and confined within her State limits, ex-
cepting that they might bo called out temporarily
for service beyond the border?
Mr. WRIGHT. Will my eolleag ue permit me
to ask him a question? Does he not think there
is more necessity for having a force for special
defense in the State of Kentucky than there is in
Pennsylvania, which is not n border State?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to admit that
there may be a necessity for a largermilitary force
to be stationed in Kentucky than in Pennsylva-
nia, But the interrogatory of my colleague does
not reach the objection which I make. I inquire
of my colleague whether there is a necessity,
and if so what, for a military system in Kentucky
different from that in Pennsylvania and every
other State? That point has not been raised be-
fore, as I believe, or at least it certainly has not
been answered; and unless my colleague can an-
swer it, he does not answer the objection to the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think that, witli my col-
league's permission, I can answer it. I know that,
as a general rule, there should be a system appli-
cable to all pai ts of the country. But at the same
time the gentleman must be aware that it is a rule
that there are exceptions to all rules; and if ever
there was an exception to a rule, it is the case of
Kentucky to-day. A border State, she has an
enemy within her borders attempting to destroy,
not only her own government, but the Govern-
ment which protects us all. Therefore I say to
my colleague, and say it in good faith, that there
is a reason which operates to-day with regard to
Kentucky which has not yet operated with regard
to any other Stntc since the commencement of the
war. The same state of things may have existed
in Maryland, or may have existed in Missouri.
I think my colleague should be satisfied that I have
answered his question, and that there is force in
the answer.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker,if Kentucky,
by reason of her position, stands in greater peril
than other States, that is an additional reason why
this bill should not pass in its present shape. If
she is in greater peril, there is more reason why
her volunteers should be raised for the longest
period ofservice. If wein the middle States, who
are not in so much peril, have,on the recommenda-
tion of the President of the United States, raised
our volunteers for three years, or during the war,
what reason is there—what possible reason can
my colleague urge—why Kentucky, standing on
the border, and threatened as she is, should only
raise her volunteers for twelve months, and that
they should not be allowed to follow the enemy?
If they protect her own firesides, she seems to be
satisfied, without allowing them to follow the
enemy and to suppress the rebellion.
Mr. WRIGHT. With regard to Kentucky,
she has already raised more than her quota of men
for the regular service, under the laws of Con-
gress.
Mr. HICKMAN. I inquire whether it was
necessary in any case to raise volunteers for three
years or during the war ? If it was, and if Ken-
tucky is in peril, I put the question again to my
colleague—which he has not answered—why it is
not necessary to put these volunteers on precisely
the same footing as all other volunteers that have
been raised ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will answer that question.
When the bill was presented to the Committee on
Military Affairs it provided that these troops
should not be called out of the State. We attached
an amendment, and the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky assented to it, that, in the event of any
emergency, these troops might be called out of
the State. Therefore they are not regarded as a
police force to protect the property and citizens
of Kentucky; but as a force to be raised to'fight
the battles of the Union.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not in the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think the gentleman will
find that it is.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not in the bill. The
language of the bill is not that these troops may
be called out of the State on an emergency; the
language is that they may be temporarily with-
drawn from that State. Now, sir, that language
means nothing or it means everything. What
are wo to understand by " temporarily?" Is ita
week, a month, or six months ? By the terms of
the bill these troops are to be called out for only
one year. Who, then, is to construe what " tem-
porarily" means ? Is it to be the commanding
general of the Army, or is it to be the powers of
Kentucky ?
Now, sir, I come back to the original objection
with which I started; that there is no reason that
can be urged by any gentleman why volunteers
thus raised in Kentucky should serve for a dif-
ferent term from that for which other volunteers
have been enlisted. Does not every gentleman see
that it will be the cause of great dissatisfaction
to the great bulk of the Army that the Kentucky
volunteers are required to serve for only twelve
months, no matter how long the war may con-
tinue, whereas northern men have been enlisted
for the war?
But, sir, there are other objections. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] says he
prefers to draw men fresh from the workshops
and the field; that he has more reliance upon those
than on others who have been in the encampments
for a long time. Then I have to say to that gen-
tleman that he differs most essentially in his policy
from that which I suppose to be the policy of the
Commander-in-Chief of our Army. If I under-
stand anything of the reason why this army is
held here upon the Potomac in perfect inactivity,
as regards the conduct of the war, it is because
the men require training in order to make them
soldiers fit for war. But the gentleman from Illi-
nois has more confidence in men fresh from the
field and from the workshop than he has in those
who have been in the encampments. Well, sir,
suppose it to be a fact—and I know but very little
upon the subject; I rely, in the opinion I express,
upon the testimony which has been advanced—
that it requires time to make a soldier, and a
great deal of time. Those men brought fresh
from the field and workshop in Kentucky for
ono year will but have been educated as soldiers
before their time will expire, and again Kentucky
will be thrown back upon the regular volunteer
forces for her defense.
My colleague [Mr. Wright] has resorted not
to argument, but to a declaration which I had
hoped might have been avoided upon this iloor.
It is to this amount; that if this Army should at
any time be used, as I understood him, under any
circumstances, to free negroes from slavery, you
will have demoralized the Army and imperiled
the safety of the country. I unter my protest
here against the truth or soundness of any such
declaration. Itis placing negro slavery above the
counts^. It is making the salvation of slavery
superior to and more sacred than the safety of the
Constitution of the country. Sir, in my judg-
ment, that man is not lit to conduct this war,
cither as chief Executive or as a member of the
Cabinet or as Commander-in-Chief or as subor-
dinate officer, who does not place the safety of the
Constitution beyond' and above, immeasurably
beyond and above, the safety of negro slavery.
Whenever that sentiment shall predominate in
the United States, as uttered by my colleague,
then American liberty will sleep forever. There
is but one sentiment which an American patriot
can own: that is, that the American Constitution,
the American Union, and American institutions,
are superior to and above everything else, in-
cluding local institutions of a peculiar character
or the safety of any local people.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was not aware that this
bill had received its third reading, and had been
engrossed, when I proposed to offer my amend-
ment, or I should not have attempted to offer it.
My object in proposing the amendment was to
remove what, in my judgment, is really the only
valid objection that can be urged against the pas-
sage of the bill; and I suggest it now as the basis
of the remarks I propose to make. I am in favor
of the passage of the bill when it shall have been
amended.
I propose, therefore,before I sit down, to move
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions to strike out
the word " temporarily," in the tenth line of the
first section.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am entirely willing that
that word shall be stiicken out by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I understood the gen-
tleman, and so I understand the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope it will be
stricken out.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask,then, the unanimous
consent of the House to strike out the word " tem-
porarily," in the tenth line of the first section.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, before submitting any
motion for the purpose of placing the bill in a
shape where it can be amended, I propose to sub-
mit a few remarks for the purpose of showing
that, with this word stricken out, the gentleman
from Illinois in opposing the bill condemns his
own official conduct, in July last, in voting for a
bill precisely similar in its legal effect, aftei^stnk-
ing out the word to which he objects.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I then submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred, " Shall the bill be ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ?"
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move to
recommit?
The SPEAKER. It would be, but the gentle-
man from Ohio,has the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I now move to amend by
striking out the word " temporarily," in the tenth
line of the iirst section.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say, with all deference to the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Hickman,] that, with this word stricken out at
the bill, it in no respect differs in principle from
a previous bill passed by this House on the 22d
of last July, and which received the assent both
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania and of my
woithy friend from Illinois. This bill is as well
guarded as that was, touching the objects and pur-
poses for which these volunteers may be called
into the field. That bill contains the same phrase-
ology under which my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] thinks is lurking a power to strike at
th<f rights of the slave. The declared purpose of
that bill and of this is, that the volunteers are to
be used " for suppressing insurrection, repelling
invasion, and protecting the public property.yi
These words are used in the same sense in each
of the bills.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether that bill referred to any particular State
exclusively?
