1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recommending it to the Senate for adoption. The
regular number of aids allowed by the law to
a major general is three; to a brigadier general,
two.
Mr. GRIMES, In time of peace two for a
major general, and one for a brigadier.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Iowa changes
the number. However, it was deemed necessary
there should be a larger number of these officers
in the services in which they were engaged during
the war, and it was said they needed more; and
the Senate responded at the July session of 1861
to the suggestion by authorizing the President to
appoint such a number as in his discretion he
should deem necessary. The number has been
largely extended, and it has been apprehended
that some have been appointed upon the solicita-
tion of parties who desired places as well as upon
the recommendation of the generals who needed
their services. There is, at any rate, no impro-
priety in the amendment; and I feel authorized
to say that the Executive has no objection that
this amendment should be adopted; they are not
only willing, but desire the advice and consent
of the Senate upon all such questions. Although
I have not conversed with the President on the
subject, I have no doubt, from my knowledge of
^him, he would prefer it rather than have the en-
tire disposition of this matter himself. It cer-
tainly is a very proper thing that officers of this
important character, charged with responsible
duties, as they often are, under the direction of the
officers to whom they are aids, should be persons
whose qualification and character should De sub-
mitted to the Senate for their examination and
consideration, so that they may at least have a
negative upon them. The proposition has been
discussed m the Senate at considerable length at
different times as to the validity of the construc-
tion which has been given to this law, and upon
which the Executive has acted. It has been pro-
posed to change this practice in another form; but
this amendmentaccomplishes the purpose,and it
seems to me it had better be adopted. I do not
think there is any objection to letting it stand as
it is reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I have no idea any injustice will be done
to any of the persons now in commission.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not accept my amend-
ment?
Mr. KING. The Senator from Massachusetts
asks me if I will accept his amendment. I have
no authority to accept it; and I do not know that
I should be inclined to do so if I had. I am in-
clined to the opinion that the amendment, as it
stands, is in the best form, and that there is no
impropriety in the submission of all these appoint-
ments to the Senate. I would not ask for this
simply for the purpose of knowing who these
persons are, unless there was really a substantial
purpose in it in the opportunity it*will afford to
the Senate to determine upon the propriety of the
different nominations. The list which has been
talked about is here in print, up to the 10th of
June; and I have not the slightest doubt that it is
an accurate list of all the appointments made. In-
deed, I was surprised to hear its accuracy ques-
tioned. The declaration of the Senator from Iowa,
who alluded to it, shows that his inquiry at the
Department was made subsequent to that date.
Any additional persons there spoken of were un-
doubtedly nominated after that list was made up.
The entire accuracy of the list is, therefore, per-
fectly consistent wijji the suggestion he made that
that list might not contain them all. I suppose it
does not contain them all, though I do not know
that it does not. Nominations may have been
made since the 10th of June, and if so, they are
not upon this list. I have not the least doubt that
it is an accurate list of all the nominations made
prior'to that date.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes twelve,
noes not counted.
\ The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from New
York has got through with his amendments, I
move to add at the end of the first section these
words;
For collecting, organizing, and drilling volunteers, in
addition to any sums heretofore appropriated for that pur-
pose, $5,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I have an amendment which was
sent to the committee room so late that there was
no opportunity to submit it to the committee; but
it is one which they desire at the Department, as
I understand:
That the President of the United States be, and he here-
by is authorized, hy and with the consent and advice of the
Senate, to appoint as many military storekeepers in the
quartermaster's department of the Army as the exigencies
of the service may require : Provided, The whole number
of military storekeeper in that department shall not exceed
twelve.
There are seven now, so that this amendment
authorizes an increase of five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Does any Senator de-
sire a separate vote on any amendment? ["No."]
If not, the question will be taken on all the amend-
ments together.
The amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th of June 1862, and for other purposes.
CAPTAIN A. H. FOOTE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I most cordially recommend that Captain Andrew II.
Foote, of the United Stales Navy, receive a vote of thanks
of Congress for his eminent services in oiganjzinjr the flotilla
on the western waters, and for his gallantly atFoit Henry,
Fort Donelson, Island No. 10, and at various other places
while m command of the naval for cos, embracing a peiiod
of nearly ten months. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C.. July 1, 1862.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the message was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe
an oath of office, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year end-
ing June 30, 1863.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 370) to provide for additional
medical officers of the volunteer service;
A bill (H. R. No. 428) for the relief of the pres-
ident and directors of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany;
A bill (H. R. No. 442) to establish a land dis-
trict in the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county
Kentucky;
A bill (S. No. 298) donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts; and
A bill (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 83. It will occupy but afew moments.
Mr. HALE. I have been trying for something
like a week to get the Senate to consider a public
bill which is very important, and of which I have
given notice day by day. I hope the Senate will
consent at this time, if they ever meantotake it
up, to take it up now. I refer to the bill in rela-
tion to grades in the Navy.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state in explanation
that this joint resolution proposes to permit the
State of Michigan to relocate a railroad. It makes
no new grant of land, and is a matter of interest
to the State of Michigan alone. Congress has,
during the present session, permitted the State of
Wisconsin to relocate a part of the same road to
extend up to a line between the two States, and
this is necessary in order to keep the line of the
road, as I understand, according to the original
design, and make the work practical.
Mr. HALE. I can only say I have no more
interest in this public bill than anybody else has,
and if the Senate see fit to devote their attention
to private bills at this session I shall have dis-
charged my duty when I have laid the responsi-
bility on the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on proceeding to the
consideration of the resolution indicated by the
Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in the Committee of the Whole proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) relative
to a certain grant of lands for railroad purposes
made to the State of Michigan in 1856. It directs
that the words "Wisconsin State line," in the
first section of an act entitled " An act making a
grant of lands to the State of Michigan, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State," approved June 3, 1856, shall,
without forfeiture to the State or its assigns of
any rights or benefits under the act, or exemp-
tion from any of the conditions or obligations im-
posed thereby, be construed to authorize the rail-
road provided for in the act from Marquette, on
Lake Superior, to the Wisconsin State line, upon
any eligible route from the township of Marquette
to a point on the Wisconsin State line, near the
mouth of the Menomonee river, and touching at
favorable points on Green Bay, with a view of
securing a railroad available for military purposes
from Green Bay to the waters of Lake Superior.
And the line of railroad as now located in pursu-
ance of the act from Marquette to the Wisconsin
State line, according to the lecords of the General
Land Office, is authorized to be changed so as to
conform to the route above indicated; which line,
when surveyed and the maps and plans thereof
filed in the proper office, as required under the act
of June 3, 1856, is to confer the same rights upon
and benefits to the State of Michigan and its as-
signs in the new line as though the same had been
originally located under the act.
The second section extends the provisions of an
act of Congress, approved August 4, 1852, enti-
tled " An act to grant the right of way to all rail
and plank roads and macadamized turnpikes pass-
ing through the public lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States, so as to be applicable to the new line
of railroad so as above to be located; but it is to
be commenced within two years from the 4th day
of August, 1862, and is to be completed within
five years thereafter.
The third section authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior to cause all even sections or parts of
even sections of public lands that may be brought
within six miles of the new line of railroad, as
herein provided for, to be sold at the same price
and in the same manner those have or might have
been, according to the act of June 3, 1856, upon
the originally located route of railroad. And all
purchasers, or their heirs or assigns, within the
six-mile limits of the originally located route, who
shall be more than six miles from the new line of
route hereby authorized, and who have paid the
sum of $2 50 an acre, are to have the right either
to exchange their locations upon the line as first
established, to the new line upon the same terms,
in like quantities, and in the same manner as on
the line first established, or at their option to enter,
without further payment, anywhere within the
Marquette land district, m the State of Michigan,
or that of the Grand Traverse land district, in that
State, lying north or west of Lake Michigan, an
additional quantity of public lands subject to pri-
vate entry, at §1 25 an acre, equal to the quantity
entered by them at $2 50 per acre, so that the lands
originally entered by them shall be thus reduced
to the rate of $1 25 an acre.
