1861.,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
Mr. BINGHAM. I say there was nothing in
principle different from tins bill. That bill pro-
vided for raising volunteers in all the States, and
therefore included Kentucky. It authorized the
President of the United States to accept and or-
ganize volunteers in Kentucky or any other State
for a period of twelve months—that is to say for
a penod not exceeding three years nor less than
six months—for the purpose of suppressing in-
surrection, repelling invasion, and protecting the
public property, either m Kentucky or elsewhere.
1 make this remark as well in answer to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] as to
the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Lo\ejoy.]
That, sir, was the provision of the act of the 22d
July, w Inch received the votes of these gentlemen.
This bill, nov/ so much opposed, will be in per-
fect accord with that, if the word "temporarily"
shall be stricken from it.
Mr. HICKMAN. My inquiry is this: whether
the gentleman knows of any case where volun-
teers have been raised for six months or a year?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 have been informed that
there are such cases.
Mr. HICKMAN. Where?
Mi. BINGHAM. In Illinois.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Ohio will permit me, I will say a word. I
believe that nearly every volunteer from the State
of New York is for two years only. I know that
there are some from Indiana for one year only,
and some from Ohio, so that this is not a uniform
bill, even if the gentleman intended it to be so.
Mr. BINGHAM. Everybody can see, who will
look to the act of the 22d of July, that that was
the provision of the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I suppose if that is
the general understanding, that, inasmuch as the
volunteers from the other States have been raised
for six months and a year, Pennsylvania will be
left to close the war, for she seems to be the only
one who has raised volunteers for three years.
After the terms of service of the volunteers from
the other States have expired, then I piesume
that the burden will devolve upon Pennsylvania
to close this war.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that the gen-
tleman's remark is true that Pennsylvania is the
only State which has raised volunteers for three
years.
Mr. HICKMAN. It seems so.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says it seems
so. Even if it be so, it detracts nothing from my
argument. I understand from one of the Repre-
sentatives from New York, who lias been kind
enough to suggest the lact to me, that thirty-eight
of the regiments from that State now in the ser-
vice of the United States were raised for only a
period of two years.
One other wold. I do not know that it has any-
thing to do with the line of my argument; but in-
asmuch as my friend from Pennsylvania seems
disposed, in the excitement of the moment, to give
to Pennsylvania the honor of closing this war for
the defense of the Union and the Constitution, be-
cause her volunteers have been accepted for a
term of three years, I beg leave to inform that
gentleman that Ohio will share that honor with
her, for the volunteers from Ohio are also for three
years.
But this is the point I desire to make: the pro-
visions of this bill and those of the act of July 2*2,
IS6I, are precisely the same in regard to twelve
months'volunteers if the word " temporarily " be
stricken out. Strike out the word " temporarily"
and then the hill stands thus: the military board
of Kentucky—they or anybody else might have
been employed by the President under the act of
july -22—shall have power to raise and organize
volunteer legiments, not exceeding twenty thou-
sand, rank and file, to serve ior twelve months
within the limits of Kentucky, or elsewhere, to
repel invasion,suppress insurrection,and to guard
and protect the public property. It is provided
that if at any time it may be necessarythese
troops may be employed out of the limits ot Ken-
tucky, against the enemies of said State or of the
United States, at the discretion of the command-
ing general; and it is provided further, that the
President shall have power to make such other
regulations and orders m regaid to the organiza-
tion and the service of tht-se toices as he may^ deem
necessai y for the* interest of the service. These
Ibices air to be raised not only for Kentucky, but
for the Union; not only for the purpose of repel-
ling invasion or suppressing insurrection within
the State of Kentucky, but for the purpose of
repelling invasion and suppressing insurrection in
any other State or Territory of the United States.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that if the amendment
proposed be made, as I trust it will be by common
consent of the House, that the bill will then con-
form to the past legislation of this House. The
bill being thus amended, what further objection
can be made to its passage?
Mr. LOYEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
why it is necessary to raise this number of men,
when we already have enough to perform the
service; when we have ten thousand, at least,
waiting in Illinois, and anxious to get into a fight
somewhere ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman from
Illinois, in all frankness, that if I knew, as he
assumes to know, that a further increase of the
volunteer force in Kentucky was not necessary,
I would vote against this bill; holding, as I do,
that no legislation, of whatever kind, is justifiable
in this House except that which the public ex-
igency and the public interest require; or, in other
words, that no legislation should be enacted hero
which is not necessary to the public or private
interests of the people. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion as to the rule which ought to govern
my conduct. The difficulty is that I do not know
that the fact is as it is stated by the gentleman
from Illinois. On the contrary, I have the best
evidence that the force in the field is not sufficient
for the public interest, and therefore I am for the
proposed increase.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to know from the
gentleman from Ohio why there should not be a
general provision by law for increasing the volun-
teer force of the country without any special ref-
erence to Kentucky, if it is not sufficient for the
public defense; and why Kentucky should be
separated from the other States and made a spe-
cial case of? If the volunteer force is not suffi-
cient, ought we not to provide for raising more
men and appropriating more money without any
1 special reference to Kentucky, leaving that to be
determined by the Commander-in-Chief?
Mr. BINGHAM. There are a good many rea-
sons which ought to have occurred to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in answer to his own
question, without devolving its answer upon me.
One, amongst others, is this: as a matter of econ-
omy, if it is necessary that these volunteers should
j be employed in Kentucky, then they should be
raised lather in Kentucky than m any other por-
tion of the Union, because they will be at onceat
the point wlieie their services are needed, without
delay or the cost of transportation. That is my
answer to the gentleman's inquiry.
I suppose that Kentucky volunteers will fight
as faithfully, as bravely, and as successfully, in
defense of the Union, as any other volunteers, and
that it is especially fit they should be permitted to
fight against the invasion of Kentucky.
As 1 am advised, Mr. Speaker, the services of
these additional twenty thousand troops are needed
in Kentucky, upon the line of operations in that
State and in the State of Tennessee.
I will answer the gentleman still further, that
not only in point of economy but in another point
is this bill correct. Time is a matter of some im-
portance here. I understand that our army in
Kentucky is upon the advance. If that be so there
is no time to be lost. We are assured by the ven-
erable gentleman from Kentucky that there are
men in that State anxious to serve the Union in
this contest; and who will promptly fill up the
enlistment provided for in tins bill—men who are
ready to tush into the conflict at once, and insure
victory to our standaid in the impending conflict,
if it be in the power of their good rightarmsto in-
sure it. Why should they not be permitted to
, take part in the coming battle? Whyjtake vol-
I unteers from Maine to fight a battle in Kentucky,
j when the men of Kentucky are ready to take the
i field and fight that battle themselves?
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 would like to know upon
! what facts the gentleman states that we really
i need nioie soUluns m the service of the United ^
States? And how much longer, if any, it would >
take to inarch soldiers from Illinois, already en- j
■ Listed and ni^anized, than it would to enlist and i
j organize them m Kentucky? :
i! Mr. BINGHAM. I might give the geiy,lem<m I
a multitude of facts upon which I made the state-
ment that more soldiers are needed in Kentucky.
I might ask him how he comes by his facts that
we have force enough in the field to conquer a
peace, and to conquer it speedily, and with the
least possible sacrifice of life.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire 
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to yield the
floor to enable the gentleman to answer his own
questions. I will answer his questions put tome.
If the gentleman wants some authority, I will say
that we have the report of the Adjutant General
of the United States, stating that the whole force
in Kentucky is not more than one third of what
the public exigencies require. We have also the
statement of the Representative from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] that the Secretary of War
himself stated that this additional force of twenty
thousand is needed now in the service, in Ken-
tucky. Now, I do not know whether facts of
that sort are sufficient for the gentleman; but they
are sufficient for me.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that we have the statement of the
Secretary of War that we need twenty thousand
additional troops?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know how the gen-
tleman understood me, but I used plain words,
and words which the gentleman ought to have
understood the import of, if he had attended to
them. I said we had it from the Representative
from Kentucky that the Secretary of War de-
clares that this additional force in Kentucky is
now needed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to indoctrinate him once more?
I stated that before I received the communication
from the Legislature of Kentucky urging the or-
ganization of a force of this kind by the General
Government, I had consulted the Secretary of
War npon the propriety of it, and explained to
him the purposes, objects, and necessity of the
corps. He approved of it, or else my cars de-
ceived me. I then went to the President of the
United States and submitted the proposition to
him, carrying with me a copy of the order made
for the benefit of Missouri. He took it under con-
sideration, and told me he would consult his Cab-
inet. He afterwards informed me that he approved
the raising of the troops; that he believed them
necessary. That is what I stated, and what I
have stated twice before.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I understood the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope I shall have a little
consideration for my obtuseness, and that the
gentleman from Kentucky, conscious of his supe-
riority, will not be too sharp upon me. I still
insist that there must be some mistake in relation
to the opinion of the Secretary of War. Of course
the gentleman from Kentucky states it aslie under-
stands it.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will please con-
fine their remarks to the subject underdiscussion.
The Chair thinks the opinion of the Secretary of
War is not pertinent to this bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It has something to do with
the state of facts upon which it is proposed to
pass this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that under
the rules this kind of discussion is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a word or two
more to say, and that is, that this interruption
has demonstrated the fact that with the word
" temporarily "stricken out of this bill, gentlemen
j who have objected to the bill stand, in point of
fact, objecting to their own legislation at the recent
session of Congress. And to make that assertion
good, I repeat that if under the act of July 22,
1861, the number of volunteers had not been act-
ually enlisted, it would be competent this day for
the Presidentof the United States, under the pi o-
visions of that act, to do the very thing for the
State of Kentucky which is contemplated by the
provisions of this bill. So the gentleman is fully
and completely answered as to the question why
| these troops should not be taken from Illinois
! under the act of July, and before the enlistment
authorized by it was filled ? The President of the
i United States might, if he saw fit, have raised
twenty or forty thousand men m the State of ICen-
i tucky for the purpose of suppressing insurrection
