1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
very well that I have preferred no charges since;
but 1 know that the Judge Advocate has preferred
eharges since.
Mr. COLFAX. Then, if the present Secretary
of War deems them worthy of investigation, it is
his duty to order a trial. General Fiemont has
the same right as the meanest and wickcdest man
in the country has—the right to meet his accusers
face to face, and to stand up in his own defense,
and vindicate himself against these charges.
My friend was arrested by General Fremont,
and I feei authorized to say that I went to Fre-
mont at the time and remonstrated with him, and
spoke in terms of condemnation of his arrest of
my friend as being unwise and wrong; that the
country would regard it as the resultof a personal
quarrel, &c. Sincerely the friend of both, I de-
sired, if possible, to restore friendly relations
between them. It was during the dark days of
which I have spoken; and General Fremont re-
plied that it was for insubordination; that he could
not cxpect subordination in others if, on account
of my friend's influence and power, which he did
not underrate, he passed his by in silence. Still, I
deeply regretted it. But when my friend was dis-
charged by order of General Scott, did he think
it necessary for his character that, after having
been thus discharged, he should still insist on a
trial?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; and I did
demand a trial.
Mr. COLFAX. But none was had. Then, if
my friend has made charges against General Fre-
mont; and the War Department, either under Mr.
Cameron or Mr. Stanton, deemed the charges
such as substantially affect lus present rank, it
"was their duty to arraign him and put him on
trial.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Charges have been
preferred against him by the proper officer of the
Government—the Judge AMvocate of the United
States.
Mr. WADSWORTH asked a question in ref-
erence to the contract for the fortifications of St.
Louis, which was inaudible at the reporters'desk.
Mr. COLFAX. I am speaking now, not on dol-
lars and cents, but to vindicate the history of the
past; but I will answer the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as follows: I said at the opening of my re-
marks, if the gentleman had been kind enough to
listen to me, which I suppose he did not, that I
did not defend the fortification contract, nor did 1
deem it wise or economical.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I heard the gentleman
say so.
Mr. COLFAX. Jam not called upon to defend
that contract, but in justice to General Fremont,
it ought to be stated that the contractor offered,
if the work could be done by day only, instead of
day and night uninterruptedly, when he would
have to pay extra for night work, to do it for
sixty per cent, less; but Fiemont said " time is
worth more than money; do the work immedi-
ately, with all the force you can put on, working
night and day"—for he was just then preparing
for his march against Price. He needed all avail-
able troops, and, with the fortifications, he could
leave St. Louis with a smaller force for its defense.
But 1 want now to put a question to the gentle-
man, (ngumentum ad homincm, as he has opened
this question. Suppose you find that some claim
has passed this Congtess which everybody con-
cedes to be entirely wrong and inexcusable: and
suppose some man looking over the Globe finds,
on the list of yeas and nays on the volt: by which
that money was nnpropeily taken out of the Treas-
ury, that Mr. Wadswoiith voted for it, and ar-
ragns linn before the people lor it. Tins, on ex park
evidence, would look badly. ITere is a cheating
claim on die Ti easui v, the people would say, and
the claimant gets his money out of our Treasury
by the direct aid and consent of our Representa-
tive's vote. But there are two sides to it. The
gentleman from Kentucky rises ond says, " Does
notmydefamer know that the Committed'of Claims
repotted favorably upon that claim, and that it is
the custom ot members of Congress to follow the
report of the Committee of Claims, in cases which
they have closely scrutinized, and against which
they theinseivs sue no objection?"' And when
the gentleman has thus been heard m his defense,
cveiybody s«iys that, although he voted for the
claim, he is acquitted, because his explanation is
satisfactory. That is the only fair way to try a
man. Strike, but hear before you strike. If Fre-
mont shall prove that he made this contract to
carry on the work day and night until its comple-
tion, upon the advice of engineers and men expe-
rienced in woik of this kind, it will be at least some
palliation of it, just as the gentleman's vote in
favor of a bad claim, on the recommendation of
the proper committee, would palliate it. I do not
know what Fremont's defense is. I have not asked
him what his defense is.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The case which the
gentleman puts is not at all like this case. It ap-
pears that Fremont made a contract with an ad-
venturer of the name of Beard for earthworks and
embankments, at $2 50 per cubic yard for remov-
ing the earth, when the committee tell us it was
only worth sixty cents a cubic yard; a difference
of $1 90.
Now, if I did anything of that sort as a member
of Congress, I should say that I was unworthy of
holding my seat here, and my constituents would
be justified in denouncing my action as the result
of bribery, or other improper influence.
Mr. COLFAX. I am reminded by a friend near
me that General Fremont, in his letter to Senator
Wade, the chairman of the committee on the
conduct of the war, explains this matter himself.
As I do not defend these contracts, deeming them
too costly, though I may err against him in that,
I will let him make the explanation in his own
language.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have never seen that
explanation.
Mr. COLFAX. I am going to read it to you:
<£ When the prices I'oi lus work weie under discus<ion and
vveo; retried to me by General McKiintrv, t dhected UiH
olticcr to tednoc them to what was jt^t and iea>onab!e to
both parties, having leferelioe to the cneum^laneci under
wiueh the woik was done, and the extra prices that had
been p.ud, as to leave the con ti actor wb.it lmirht besti ictly
a fair piofit on tu> labia, and hi* decision whatever it was,
was approved by me. For cost of cotMrticuoii and other
details with which I am not acquainted, I ie-pectfully relet
tlu' committee to the testimony of the qunuei master and
the contractor whom 1 have asked to have summoned.
" To •show their nature and value, the report and testimony
of the engineer*, who planned and were superintending the
work, will be furnished the committee. The object aimed
at was the completion of the city defenses in the shortest
possible time. Thewoiksaio thoioughly and well built,
covering and comprehending the city itself and the sur-
rounding count i yon a length of about ten nules, and the total
cost ih, f think, less than $300,000.
"In mv judgment, having in view the time and manner in
which they were built, the money was well applied,and as
a measure of expediency and policy, it was fully worth to
the Government what it co^t.1'
This is just exactly what General McClellan
and the Secretary of War do every day in the
matter of ordnance, and a thousand other things.
If Mr. Stanton attends to the business of his De-
partment, he would riot have time to look after
the details of all the contiacts that are made for the
vast service of that Department, lie regards the
heads of bureaus as his legal advisers in the matter.
General Fremont did the same thing with the heads
of his—the engineer department, quartermaster,
&c.,&c. All over the country, General Fremont
has been held responsible for what General Mc-
Kinstry had done. He never appointed General
McKinstry, nor could he remove him. Mcluns-
try was appointed by the last Adminstration, and
continued at that post by the present one. He
was quartermaster general of that post, just as
General Meigs is Quartermaster General of the
United States. lie thercfoie had the authority to
do tins tiling.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that McKins-
try is a good officer, and was appointed on rec-
ommendations of an influential firm doing busi-
ness partly in this city and partly in St. Louis.
Mi. COLFAX. As 1 said before, Mr. Chair-
man, I have not attempted to arraign anybody.
I have not arraigned the commanding general of
the aimy of the Potomac, or any Cabinet officer,
or the President, or anybody else. 1 have only
gathered together the facts of history, collected
these official documents that every one can read,
and laid them before the House; and wuh a few
remarks in conclusion, I will relieve my fellow-
members from listening to me further.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has had
| consent to proceed without limitation as to time.
| Mr. COLFAX. I will not take advantage of
! the ^ood naiuie of the House. When Fremont
i was superseded what was the condition of affairs
j in M'ssoori? It litis gone into history, and will
1 live there during ail time, his proudestand noblest
vindication. The whole State, thanks to his en-
ergy, was more tranquil on that day than was
western Virginia or Kentucky at that period—all
except a little corner down by Arkansas; and an
United States officer in uniform could ride alone
from Springfield, near the Arkansas line, to St.
Louis unmolested and unharmed; that was cer-
tainly one thing not to his discredit.
In the second place, the army which he was
heading was further South than any other army
oftheXJnionon thatday. That was another good
sign.
In the third place, it was headed'in the right di-
rection—southward, after the enemy. That was
still another good sign. He may be a very in-
competent general, as my friend insists; but it took
three months after his supersedure to get things
back to just the point where he left them, saying
nothing of all the rebel outrages during the interim.
In the fourth place, the men under his command
were filled with loyalty and enthusiasm for him.
If he had been this imbecile, this corrupt man,
this timid man, this incompetent general, they
would have scorned and despised liirn, and would,
have revolted against him. The brave life guard
commanded by Zagonyi—who, my friend says,
won no victory at Springfield—performed the most
brilliant achievement of the war up to that time,
and lighted up the horizon, after long months of
inaction and reverse, with the glorious illumina-
tion of that act—the presage of future triumphs
for our arms. But that charge upon the enemy,
with the war cry of u Fremont and the Union,"
cost them dearly. When the lifeguard came back
to St. Louis, they were dismissed from service
"for words spoken at Springfield." They were
refused lations for themselves; they were refused
forage for their horses; they were treated with
disapproval and almost contempt " for words
spoken at Springfield." They were mustered out
of service; and Zagonyi, who would gladly give
his life to make another such charge on the rebel
host, finds no place open for him in the armies of
the Union. They had dared to charge upon the
enemy, shouting the name of their chief, whom,
perhaps,they
" Loved, not widely, but too well."
But I do insist, however we may differ as to Fre-
mont, that the noble band who hurled themselves
on ten times their number, drove them before them
by their impetuous charge, and planted the starry
banner of the Union on the court-house spire at
Springfield, should bespoken of on this floor with
admiration of their heroism, and not by endeavor-
ing to underrate their brave endeavor.
In the fifth place, Fremont, bad marched his
army rapidly after the enemy, notwithstanding
the Adjutant General oftheUnited States, who had
seen him on the road, said he could not move it
for lack of transportation. Mr. Thurlow Weed,
in his letter, which was also thrown in the scale
against Fremont, at the trying hour when his su-
persedure was pending, and he himself was in the
field, said the same thing—that Fremont had got
to the Osage, but that he could not progress be-
yond it, and that it was well understood at War-
saw he did not intend to. But, sir, the man who
scaled the Rocky mountains is not the man who
stands idle " for lack of transportation." He threw
a bridge across the Osage river in thirty-six work-
ing hours, infusing into the troops the same en-
ergy that has characterized his whole life. The
army crossed, and proceeded with forced marches
on after the enemy in the right direction. But the
moment came that he was to be superseded, and
then he fell.
In the sixth place, whatever charges have been
made that he unwisely reposed confidence in cer-
tain contractors, not even his bitterest enemies
have intimated that a single dollar of the people's
money, beyond his salary, has stuck to his fin-
gers.
In the seventh and last place, when he left the
State of Missouri, all the railroads of the State
were running for every mile of their length, and
to their full capacity; and he left behind him ni the
city of St. Louis a monument of his good sense,
if not of his genius, in making a connection of
all the railroads at the levee, so that the rolling
stock of all three could be, in case of a sudden
emergency, used on any one of them. Thatcloscs
his cai eer as the commander of the dcpartmcntof
the West; and the duty of all others the most
grateful to me, vindicating a friend in the hour of
