1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
arid nays, and called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Toilers were not ordered.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WICKL1FFE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 now move thatthe House
adjourn.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow
me to have taken from the Speaker's table a bill
from the Senate, for the purpose of reference
merely.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Certainly; I withdraw
my motion.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 82) further to promote the
efficiency of the Navy, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of the States for resolu-
tions, and that resolutions were in order from the
State of Ohio.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. ALLEN. I offer the following resolution,
and move the previous question upon its adop-
tion:
RcsolvoJ, (the Senate concurring.) That when this House
adjourn* on Thursday next, it adjourn to meet on Monday,
the 6th d«iy ot Januaiy next.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. SPAULDING called for tiie 3reas and
nays on the resolution, and demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas and
Sherman" were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thu ty-two.
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yras and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPAULDING. I should like to make a
brief explanation before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. It is not m order, unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Me->r-. Allen, Alley, Joseph Hail), Fianei-i P.
Blan, Samuel S. Hlaii, Geoise H. 13to\vne, William G.
ihovvn, ColU\. Co\od<\ Crittenden, Cutlet, Delano, Diven,
Edgeiton, Ldw .11 <1-, Fentou, Funic hot, Frank;Goool'i, Good-
win, Ci <1111*01, Guriey, lluigbt, Il.mison. Hickman, Johnson,
Lazeai, Lehman. Loomis. Lo\ejoy, MeKniijht, Mel'hei-
son, Malloiy, Ma>natd. iMeuzies?, Mitchell, A11-011 P.
Moirili, Odell, Olm, T. G. Phf|[)>, PomeKjy, Potter. Alex-
ander !I Rice, Kiddle, Edvvaid II Rollins Saigeanti Sedg-
wick. tfhelUbarsier, Sloan, Smith. Fiancis Thomas, Ttain,
Vcuee, Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton, VVhaley, Albeit fc>.
White, WoodiufT, and Wught—60.
NAYS—Aidncb. Arnold, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Lmuliam, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, Buffinron, Cliam-
berhn, Fiedenek A. Conkhng, Ito-eoo Conklnn?, Cooper.
Cox, Davu-, Du\vcs; Dnell, Dunlap. Ehot, Eng-
lish, Fes^enden, Glider, Hauling, Hooper, 11 titehiiK. Julian,
France W. Kelloc?, Knapp, Law, Ju>tm S. MmuM, Mot-
rin, Noble, Nunen, i'at'on, Pendleton, Potter. John II. Rice,
Eichaidfon, Robinson, Shanks, Shetiieid, Slieiman. Spanld-
in«r, Jonn B. Steele. Benjamin F. Thoina<.Tumble. Tiow-
biidjje. Yallandi^hatn, Vaiidi-ver, Van Hoin, Wad-worth,
Waul, Chilton A. White, WiUon, and W01 cestui—56
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution w as adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agiecd to.
BUTTER, CIIEKSK, AND TOBACCO POIt SOLDIERS, j
Mr. BLAKE offered the following resolution: 1
Revolted. That the Committee on Milium Allan ; be in- ■
structed to inqtuie niio the e\pediene} of p:o\ idin';h\ 'aw ;
for tin in-iniig the f-oidiei-- of the Ann\ with bnltci,cheese,
and tobacco, and to lepoit by bill 01 otliei wi--<\ 1
Mr. COX. I move that it be refeimd to the
Committee on Military Affan s. The eheese ques-
tion is very important to agnculmusts, and I am !
in favor of that interest. !
The motion was agreed (0. !
TIIE HOUR RULE IN DEBATE.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM gave notice of a mo-
tion to rescind the first clause of the sixtieth rule,
limiting speeches to one hour.
ABOLITION OF SXJTLERSHIPS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re- ,
quested to inquire into the pioprtcty and expediency of !
abolishing sutleis or sutlcrslnps in the Army, and to report I
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 17, 1861.
The Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland, offered
up the following prayer:
Oh, Thou God of nations, who dost bestir the
world by every gale of Providence, in the conscious
justice of that which has been done upon the high
seas to defeat the machinations of the insurgents
against this Government, we appeal to Thee. In
the menace of the hour, give us firmness to do our
duty and to meet all its consequences, whether
they be of foreign war or of domestic strife. Thou
art, and Thou shalt be, most righteous King, the
judge between us and our enemies. On the deep
and despeiate wickedness which has constrained
this nation to the sacrifice of so much blood and
treasure, we pray Thee to breathe Thy blast of
annihilation. Our hope is in Thee alone, nor will
we in any wise turn from Thee, but pray that in
the mighty struggle Thou mayest purify and vin-
dicate us before the present and all coming gen-
erations of men; through Jesus Christ. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Robert Morris, chief clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills, in |
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested: i
A bill (No. 137) to authorize the raising of a vol- I
unteerfojcefoi the betterdefense of Kentucky; and i
A bill (No. 139) authonzing the Secretary of I
the hitenor to strike from the pension rolls the |
names of such persons as have taken up arms ■
against the Government, or who may have in any .
manner encouraged the rebels.
The message further announced that the House
had adopted a resolution providing for an adjourn-
ment of the House of Representatives from Thurs-
day next to the fith day of January, to which the
consent of the Senate was asked.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the bill just re-
ceived fioin the House of Representatives relative j
to the organization of a volunteer force in Ken-
tucky, bo taken up, and referred to the Committee ]j
on Military Affairs and the Militia. ']
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator j|
move to postpone all prior orders? Ij
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. \,
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R. |
No. 137) to authorize the Kiising of a volunteer
force for the better defense of Kentucky, was read !
twice by its title, and referred 10 the "Committee :
011 Militaiy AfFans and the Militia. ;
The bill (II. R. No. 139) authorizing the Sec- ,
rotary of the Interior to strike from the pension ;
rolls the names of such persons as have taken up {
arms against the Government, or who may have J
in any manner encouraged the rebels, was read :[
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee jl
on Pensions. jj
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. lj
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo- i;
rial of the Li gishitive Assembly of the Territory 1
of Colotado, ili favor of the establishment of a :
branch of the United States Mint at Denver or 1
some other point in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance. '
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Robert 1
Mayo, as the representative of his brother George
Mayo, for compensation for services as tempo-
rary clerk in the Post Office Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, requesting the
passage of a resolution by Congress relative to
the route of the railroad from Fond du Lac to Lake
Superior; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of E. Crocker
and others, citizens of Brown county, in the State
of Wisconsin, praying for the survey, subdivis-
io^and sale of the tract of land known as the
Fort Howard military reserve; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of the chairman
of the several boardsof supervisors in the county
of Brown, in the State ofWisconsin,prayingfor
the survey and sale of the tract of land known as
Fort Howard military reserve; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John B. Dous-
mnn and others, citizens of Wisconsin, praying
that some point on the Fox river, between Lake
Winnebago and Green-Bay, in the State of Wis-
consin, may be selected as a site for a national
armory and foundery; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Joshua
Perry and others, citizens of Hanson, Massachu-
setts, praying for the emancipation of slaves, with
compensation to loyalists and withoutcompcnsa-
tion to rebels; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of H. Joslyn and
others, citizens of Onondaga county, New York,
praying for the emancipation of slaves, with com-
pensation to loyalists and without compensation
to rebels; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Horace Sea-
mans and others, citizens of Putnam,in the State
of Connecticut, praying for the emancipation of
slaves, with compensation to loyalists and with-
out compensation to rebels; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of J. D. Beal
mid others, citizens of Bangor, Maine, praying
Congress to provide by law for calling on all the
inhabitants of the United States, bond and free,
to aid in supportof the Government, and for pro-
claiming liberty throughout the land; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Preston
Starritt, late a messenger of the Senate, claiming
pay which he asserts has been illegally withheld
from him; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate
Mr. NESjVIITH presented the petition of L.
F. Cartee, praying an appropriation for services
rendered m surveying public lands in the State of
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lffids.
He also presented the petition of Ladd, Reed
& Co., and others, citizens of Oregon, pray-
ing that Portland in that State may be made and
declared a port of entry and delivery; which was
reterred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWNING presented resolutions of the
board of supervisors of Cook county, Illinois,
in relation to the enlargement of the Illinois and
Michigan canal; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also piesented resolution sofa public meeting
held at Lcmont, in the State of Illinois, in favor
of an appropriation by Congress for the enlarge-
ment of the Illinois and Michigan canal; which
were referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented five petitions of
citizens of the State of Michigan, praying that
Congress may take action for the exchange of
prisoners; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of Dr.
C. Peaison and others, citizens of Iowa, praying
the passage of a bill making homoeopathic sur-
geons eligible to appointment in tho volunteer
forces of our Army and Navy; which was referred
to tho Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. CLARK. I have been requested to ask
that the report of the Court of Claims in the case
