1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3051
Mr. WASHBURNE objected.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, before he insists upon his motion,
to permit mc to report a bill and report, in order
that they may be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
Mr. STEVENS. I am very anxious to dis-
pose of the tariff bill. There is but one section of
it remaining undisposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object. I think the
first business should be the disposal of the busi-
ness before the House yesterday.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Ste-
vens,
Mr. "WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 64, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Alien, Alley, Babbitt, Baily,
Biddle, Bingham, Calvert, Campbell, Cobb, Frederick A.
Colliding, Corning, Cnsfield, Crittenden, .Cutler, Davis,
Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, English, Goodwin,
Hall, I-Iolman, Hooper, Johnson, Kerrigan, Law, Loomis,
McPherson, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Mitciieil, Moor-
head, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixor., Nugen, JPatton,
Pendleton, Perry, John S. Plielps, Porier, Alexander H.
ltice, Edward Ii. Rollins, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger,
Shiel, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton, Train, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, yerree, Vibbard, Wallace, Walton, Webster, Chil-
ton A. White, Windom, and Woodruff—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Arnold,
Ashley, Baker, Beamnn, Francis P. Blair, William G.
Brown, Buffinton, Casey, Chamberlin, Ciark, Clements,
Colfax, Delapiame, Diven, Duell, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden,
Fouke, Francbot, Frank, Granger, Gurtey, Haight, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Knapp, T.ovpjoy. Low,
Noell.Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy,Potter, Richard-
son, Riddle, Sargent, Sherman, Sloan, 'Smith, Spauiding,
John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Van Horn, Van Valk-
enburgh, Wail, Ward, Washburne, Wheeler, Whaley, Al-
bert S. White, and Wilson—5-1.
So the niotion'was agreed to.
During tlie call of the roll,
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Hickman was de-
tained from the House by illness.
Mr. DAWES stated that he had paired with
Mr. Worcester, who was necessarily absent
from the House.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. FOUKE moved that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER decided the motion out of
order during the call of the roll.
The result was announced as above recorded.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being bill of the House (No. 531)
increasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert, upon page 3 of the printed bill, after line
forty-six, the following:
Provided, That paper cigars or cigarettes, including
wrappers, shall be subject to the same duties imposed on
cigars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page G, line
forty-seven, after the word "rods," I move to
strike out the words " under one half of one
inch and;" so that it will read:
On chains, trace chains, halter chains, and fence chains,
made of wire or rods, not under one fourth of one inch in
diameter, one fourth of one cent per pound; under one
fourth of one inch in diameter and not under No. 9 wire
gauge, one half of one cent per pound ; under No. 9 wire
gauge, 5 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 10,
line seventeen, after the word "brass," insert "fit
only to be remanufactured;" so that it will read,
" on brass, in bars or pigs, and old brass, fit only
to be remanufactured, 5 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 11, in
line thirty-two, I move to strike out " six," and
insert " eight;" so that it will read, " black pep-
per, 6 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 19, line
thirty-three, I move to strike out " eight," and
insert " ten;" so that it will read, " ground pep-
per, 10 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the same line
I move to strike out " six,"andinsert "eight;"
so that it will read, " white pepper, 8 cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In line thirty-
four I move to strike out " eight," and insert
" ten;" so that it will read, "ground white pep-
per, 10 ce~nts per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. On page 15,line
one hundred and twenty-eight, I move to strike
out " twenty-five," and insert " fifty;" so that it
will read, " castor seeds or beans, 50 cents per
bushel."
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. On page 17, in
line seventeen, I move to strike out the words
" chromate of lead," it being inserted in another
place under a different name.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On the same
page, in line nineteen, I move to strike out "co-
balt, oxyd of cobalt and," for the purpose of in-
serting those words in another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
the same words on page 16, after the word " for,"
in line one hundred and forty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. On page 13,after
the word "pound,"in line thirteen, I move to in-
sert "on caustic soda, half a cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. On page 21, in
line thirty-seven, I move to strike out the word
" four," and insert " five;" so that it will read,
" on cork wood unmanufactured, 5 cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On ihe same
page, in line thirty-eight, I move to strike out the
word " five;" so that it will rend, "on coiks, HO
cents per pound."
Mr COLFAX. I suggest to the gentleman from
Vermont whether that would not still leave the
tariff too high. He and I have seen some figures
in regard to the importation of corks, and it would
appear, if those statements are correct, that this
tariff would be from 100 to 200 per cent, on the
cost. Now, is not that too high a tax > I confess
that I have very little familiarity with this subject,
except from letters which 1 have received; Gut I
had supposed that the Committee of Ways and
Means would probably consent to a tax of 15
cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There will be
no difficulty in collecting theduty on these articles,
whether it is high or low. The article costs $30
or $40 by the bale of 15,000 corks, and everybody
will have his whisky jug corked, no matter what
the duty may be. I suppose it possible that the
duty upon low-pricod corks will be rather high,
but on the article generally it will be no more than
what we can collect. The only objection to the
duty is that there may be a large supply of the
article in the country, and it may be some time
before we shall collect any revenue from this
source.
Mr. COLFAX. I concur with the gentleman
from Vermont in desiring to puta tax upon whisky
corks, but unfortunately a great many corks are
used for other purposes than corking whiskyjugs
and bottles. Corks are used in all the various
branches of trade and commerce, in drugs, and
everything of that sort; and while I am in favor
of as high a tariff as we can levy on importations
for the sake of revenue, this seems to me to be too
largely in excess of the duty now levied. The
present du'ty, under the tariff of 1861, is 20 per
cent, ad valorem. This would increase it some 500
per cent., and that seems to be a very large in-
crease. I am also informed that there are one or
two firms in New York who have a sufficient sup-
ply of these articles now on hand to supply the
trade for a whole year, which would, of course,
give them a vesy large profit. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the duty 15 cents
per pound.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Indiana would better accomplish his
purpose by proposing an ad valorem duty at a
higher rate. I understand that manufacturers
would not object to even 100 per cent, on these
articles, but they prefer it in the ad valorem shape.
The corks used for vials for drugs do not cost more
than 10 or 15 cents a gross, and the rate of duty
proposed here would amount to almostnothingon
that class of articles.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was then adopted.
Mr. WARD. Is a further amendment in order
at this point in the section!
The CHAIRMAN. In the regular considera-
tion of the bill, this section has been passed, but
the Committee of Ways and Means by general
understanding, or by unanimous consent, have
been allowed to go back. If the gentleman from
New York desires to offer an amendment to a sec-
tion which has been gone through with, the Chair
will ask the consent of the committee to enter-
tain it.
Mr. WARD. I will ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from Vermont to make an explanation only.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. WARD. I stated, Mr. Chairman, on a
former occasion that this duty of 25 cents per
pound upon corks would increase the duty from
150 to 175 per cent. I have since received more
accurate information on' the subject, and I am sat-
isfied that i made too low an estimate. The hon-
orable member from Vermont stated the other day
that the tariff on velvet corks would be very little
increased, but that the increase upon the coarser
kind of corks would be considerable.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit that upon velvet
corks, in reference to which the gentleman stated
the other day the present rate of duty was notin-
creased by this bill, I find,from accurate informa-
tion which I have received, that the bill, as it stands,
will raise the duty 150 per cent., and that upon the
coarser description of corks to which I referred,
the increase will be 300 per cent, on the present
duty. There are but two qualities of corks, though
there are various grades of the coarser quality.
Now, sir, the market price at this time, duty
paid,is,first quality, per bale of fifteen thousand
corks, equal to one hundred and four and one sixth
gross, at 32 cents, $33 33; second quality, per bale
offifteen thousand corks, equal to one hundred and
four and one sixth gross, at 13 cents, $14. The
duty per bale at 25 cents per pound is $31, almost
equal to the present selling price of the first, and
more than double that of the second quality.
The trade must have been misrepresented to the
committee by persons interested in the article, as
I am informed that a house has bought up the en-
tire stock, which, at the proposed duty of 25 cents
per pound, will enable them to realize large profits
from the increased duty alone, and having ma-
chinery to cut corks from the wood, which is only
to pay a duty of 4 cents per pound, will effectually
monopolize the trade, and pay comparatively no
duty to the Government, noteven what it receives
under the present tariff.
This branch of business is principally repre-
sented by men of limited means, who will by the
proposed change be seriously prejudiced, and the
Government left without revenue from this source.
A duty, ad valorem, of 30, 40, or even 50 per cent,
would be better for the trade, and would pay much
more money into the Treasury.
It seems to me all that is necessary is to call the
attention of the committee to the extraordinary ad-
vance in the duty which this bill imposes—the
effect of which will be to break up an important
branch of business. It is unjust, it is unprece-
dented; and I hope, therefore, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or the honorable
member from Vermont who has charge of this bill,
will himself move an amendment fixing the duty
at 40 per cent, ad valorem. I would even be will-
ing that it should be made 50 percent, ad valorem,
which would be an increase of 150 per cent, on
the present rate of duty. I appeal to this com-
mittee to allow at least this measure of justice. I
suppose that unless the honorable member from
Vermont will either propose this amendment or
allow me to propose it, it will be too late for me
to offer it under the rules. I suppose the gentle-
man from Vermont himself has no desire to fix
any other than a proper rate of duty, and if he
will allow me, I will test the sense of the House
by moving that in lieu of the duty of 25 cents per
pound the duty shall be fixed at 50 per cent, ad
valorem. That will be an increase of 150 per cent,
upon the present rates.
