2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
any of the Indian tribes who formerly occupied
■what is now the State of Iowa. They were always
obliged to have a large quantity of cattle, because,
as was said by the Senator from Minnesota, it
takes the Indians a good while, especially if the
cattle are plenty and fat, to come to a conclusion,
and especially if the Indian traders throw any ob-
stacle in the way of the consummation of the
treaty. I suppose the men who will have the dis-
Bosal of this money, if we appropriate it, if the
tepartmentis propei ly conducted, will be the com-
missioners who will be sent out there. Probably
the Governor of the State will be one of them.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know itofficially,
but I can state to the Senator from Iowa that it is
the intention of the Secretary of the Interior to go
there himself. That is his present intention, if
he can get time to go away from his duties here.
At all events, I am very well assured that either
he or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs will be
present when the treaty is made; and it is the de-
termination of the Department that this money,
as well as all others appropriated for this purpose,
shall be faithfully expended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
why, if $10,000 was considered sufficient last year,
it has got up to $15,000?
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Ohio
is mistaken about that matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the amount?
Mr. WILKINSON. I think it was fS0,0()0.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment has been disposed of, and the next amend-
ment will be read.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For defraying the expenses of negotiating a treaty with
the Shoshones or Snake Jndmns, or so much theieof as
may he needed, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the fnteuor, ,$20,000. v
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This tribe of Shoshones
is a very powerful tribe lying in the north and
northeast part of Utah Territory, reaching over
into Oregon. Part of them are in the State of
Oregon, and part of them in Utah. They arc upon
the emigrant loute to Oregon, and are committing
depredations more or less continually upon per-
sons going and returning. It has been urged upon
us by the Department, and by those who repre-
sent that section of the country, especially my
friend from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith,].that in the
present situation of affairs there is an absolute
necessity that some treaty arrangement should be
made with the Shoshones, or otherwise wc shall
be involved in a war with them. That is really
the explanation of it.
Mr. NESMITH. This amendment is of a good
deal of practical importance to all the people re-
siding upon the Pacific coast. The Indians, to
whom it refers, cover the ground through which
emigrant parties to Oregon, Washington", and Cal-
ifornia must pass to reach there. They are a sort
of predatory people. They have no fixed habita-
tion. They run about, fish and hunt, plunder the
emigrants, and murder Lhem when an opportunity
occurs. There never has been a treaty made with
them. They have perpetrated some terrible out-
rages on emigrants, almost every year for the last
fifteen or twenty years, until last year, the Gov-
ernment furnished an escort to emigrants in pass-
ing through that country. It has been difficult to
bring them to any sort of terms of peace. Troops
have been sent against them; but they occupy an
immense area of country in the eastern poition of
Oregon, and a very large part of the southern por-
tion and all the eastern poition of Washington
Territory and a portion of Utah, and extend down
in the northern and northwestern portions of Cal-
ifornia. It is impossible to punish them by mili-
tary force. Efforts of that kind have been repeat-
edly made. They say now that if the Government
will make them some presents, they are willing to
come to terms and permit our people to pass and
repass through their country without interruption;
arid that is the objcct for which this amendment
is incoi poratcd in the bill. With the permission
of the Senate, I will read an extract from the re-
port of Superintendent Geary, superintendent of
Indian affairs for Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories, which will throw some light on this sub-
ject:
u The late painful disaster m the Snake country" 
The Snakes and Shoshones are all the same
people in fact—
"in which twenty-nine persons, men, women, and chil-
dren, have fallen by the hands of the savage?, or perished
by famine and other privations in their efforts to escape
from their cruel enemies, accumulates the evidence of the
atrocious character of the Snake Indians to whom the com-
munications of this office have so frequently called your
attention ; and recent information fiom reliable and official
sources evince that our relations with the intciior tribes
are in a precarious state, and that another war will only
be prevented by the most assiduous vigilance and care. In
this aspect of affairs, the sum of $-24,000 for adjusting dif-
ficulties, preventing outbreaks, and maintaining peace in
thh vaht region dotted over with a sparse and detenseless
population of emigrants, must be regarded as moderate.
The object of this amendment, as I understand,
is not foi* the purpose of making a treaty that
contemplates the purchase of any land. In the
western portion of the country occupied by this
tribe very rich and valuable gold fields have been
discovered, and our people are there now work-
ing them. There is great danger of their being
thus brought in collision with the Indians; and I
think the small sum of $20,000 placed in the hands
of the superintendent of Oregon, within whose
jurisdiction these Indians are, could be used to
advantage to prevent hostilities, and permit emi-
grants to pass through that country.
In answer to the question of the Senator from
Maine in relation to the expense of holding trea-
ties generally, I will state that in that country it is
an extremely expensive business. In order to
reach the country where you must go to ti eat with
them, you must tiavel some three or four hundred
miles by steamboat navigation. The steamboat
navigation is difficult. Flour, beef, pork, and
sugar are worth from a dollar to a dollar and a
half in that region, or were, at the last advices I
had from that country. These Indians have to
be assembled together. They must be collected
and brought in from a vast distance, and the ex-
pense of collecting them is considerable. When
they get together they have to be fed. In one par-
ticular they are very much like members of Con-
gress. When they get together they are not dis-
posed to do business at once, but want to talk for
a few days; and two or three days are spent m
talking over and considering the different subjects
brought before the tribes for their consideration
before anything is done. When they get through
these preliminaries oftalking, they generally pro-
coed with the work of making a treaty. During
all this time they must be fed. Their wives and
children cannot be abandoned and left without
provisions and without supplies. This appropri-
ation contemplatcsthe paymentof these expenses.
The Senator from Maine proposed an interrog-
atory to me why these expenses were so great. I
referred him to the Senator from Minnesota, who
has just taken his seat, supposing that perhaps he
would give him the information ho desired. I ap-
prehend the Senator from Maine does not desire
that information m detail, as it is a pure question of
arithmetic. In the first place we must ascertain
the number of Indians, and then the cost of the
supplies. Generally the matter of holding treaties
with Indians, particularly in remote distances in
the interior, is very expensive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. NESMITH. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie is very familiar with
this matterof negotiating treaties withthe Indians?
Mr. NESMITH. I have had some experience
in that, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Did the Senator ever
know or hear of a case where there was any of
the appiopricition left?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir; there have been a
great many instances where there was a balance
left of the fund appropriated. I could refer to in-
stances under General Palmer, who was superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon for several
years; I could refer to instances under the super-
mtendency of Governor Stevens, where balances
ofappropriations were unexpended and paid back
to the Treasury. I know a great many instances
of the kind. 1 think this clause is very import-
ant, not for the purpose of making any purchase
from the Indians, but for the purpose of quieting
them and maintaining peace between them and a
large population of minors who are now occupy-
ing a portion of their country, as well as the emi-
grants who are crossing the plains.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In connection with this,
I desire to state for the information of the Sen-
ate that the Committee on Indian Affairs have in-
structed me to offer, as an additional section to the
bill, a provision that in any treaty engagements
hereafter entered into in pursuance of our appro-
priations there shall be no engagement on behalf
of the Government by which the Government is
to be bound to pay money to the Indians. Ithas
been a great source of corruption. They are pur-
sued and followed by traders who want to get hold
of the money. The section which I shall offer
provides that instead of money being paid over to
the Indians, whatever is given shall be given in
clothing and in such agricultural implements as
shall be for their benefit. I thought I would state
this because this amendment contemplates the
negotiation of a treaty. I do not desire that the
Government should enter into treaty negotiations
with the Indian tribes by which we are bound to
pay them money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to insert:
For payment to Ta-sah, or White Cow, an Omaha chief,
for horses killed by white settlers, $630.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether that comes
within the rule. Is it not a private claim strictly?
I asked the committee to consider a private claim
and have it reported, and they said they could not,
because a private claim could not be put on an
appropriation bill; but this seems to me to be one,
and I inquire whether it is within the rule for us
to pay an Indian for what a white person destroys.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is some force in
the objection taken by the Senator from Kansas
that it may be considered a private claim. It is
a very small sum, and I prefer not to have that
question raised upon it. If it were put in the bill,
it might bring in some other large claims that I
prefer should be considered by themselves. I
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent it may be withdrawn. The next amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
For pay of assistant engineer for Omahas for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1803, $600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a treaty with
the Omahas by which we are bound to provide
an engineer, miller, &c., and appropriations have
been made for that. This does not come under
any law or treaty. It is a new idea entirely. I
hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is for the purpose of
finding^ome one to attend to the business of the
engineer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. While he is attending to
other business.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert:
For pay of assistant miller for Omahas, for the same
period, $300.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same objection ap-
plies to that.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert:
For this amount in the hands of late agent W. W. Den-
niison, unaccounted foi, belonging to the Ottoes and Mis-
sourias, §18,970 07.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that?
Mr. WILKINSON. If I understand it cor-
rectly, it is 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me. I was con-
versing for a moment with the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, whom I have invited to a seat by
my side, and he is confident that, in relation to
this miller and engineer for the Omahas, the ap-
propriation has not been provided for, and that
was the reason why the Department sent in the
estimate. I wish to look into it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have it before me in the
bill.
For eighth of ten installments for support of miller, &c.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For the Omahas?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But not an assistant?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no treaty pro-
vision for any assistant.
tion, to have an assistant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatamend-
menthas been disposed of.
