1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
to those who were in the United States service, not
in State service, but were not regularly enlisted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely the case.
These men had been enlisted for the service of the
United States; but they were not mustered in.
They were ordered by the general in command
over into Virginia, and some of them were taken
prisoners at Guyandotte. They ought to be paid.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No doubtaboutthat;
but this is the difficulty: the class of cases pro-
vided for by the bill has been examined by two
committees and reported upon, and the bill has
already passed one House. All we ask is that it
shall stand by itself, without opposing any one else
who ought to be properly paid; but wc want some
committee to scrutinize all the cases.
Mr. POMEROY. Almost precisely the same
state of facts exists in Kansas that exists in Mis-
souri. I do not understand why the committee or
the Senator from Indiana desire to single out Mis-
souri and rush a bill through for their relief alone.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is for the western
department; Kansas was in the western depart-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. The headquarters of the
Missouri department are at St. Louis. Kansas is
a different department.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. These troops were all
enlisted in the western department. The depart-
ment of Kansas has been made since. This em-
braces all those cases that have been examined.
We do not want to put in more now.
Mr. POMEROY. It is true, as the Senator
from Indiana says, that our department has been
made since; but that is the very reason why it is
not embiaced here.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If you read the bill,
you will find that if, is embraced. It includes all
who were enlisted in the western department.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I doubt very much the
expediency of passing any hills of this character.
In the way we pass them we really do not know
anything about them or what they cover. We
pass bills here in the morning hour; they slip
through, being favored by gentlemen who know
something about them; and the fnst thing we
know, theie are millions of dollai s paid out, with-
out our understanding why or wherefore. If these
men have boon regularly enlisted under the laws
of the United States and mustered into service,
they can be paid under existing laws.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They have not been
musteied m.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If they have not been
regularly enlisted and mustered into service under
the laws of the United States, they ought not to
be paid except by the States by whose authority
the thing was done.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator will par-
don me a moment, lie is under a misapprehen-
sion. They were regularly enlisted in the service
of the United States, but not regularly mustered
in, because there was no mustering officer to mus-
ter them in. They were volunteeis in the United
States service to defend Lexington and to defend
St. Louis. There were no mustering officers there
for many days. Some were sworn in by the com-
missioned officers, some by justices of the peace.
They went to Springfield, they went to Lexing-
ton, they went to Belmont: and many were killed.
This bill has undergone the serutinyof bothMih-
taiy Committees, and has passed the House of
Representatives. If (here is a just case, tlus is one;
but if it leads to debate I withdraw my motion to-
put it on its passage now, and will let gentlemen
have time to ox.mime it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill wiii go
over.
ORDER OF M'SINESS.
Mr. KING-. I move, then, to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the hill relating to the organ-
ization of the cavalry. I make that motion. It
is essential that that bill be acted upon and dis-
posed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave, under the rules,
to introduce a joint resolution for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to that.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
yields the floor, he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. KING. Then I insist on my motion, and
hope the question will be put.
Mr. GRIMES. Forfoursuccessive days now,
something or other has been crowded in so as to
prevent the ordinary routine business of the Sen-
ate in the morning hour. We generally have some
military bill of such vast consequence that it can-
not possibly be postponed fur thirty minutes in
order that we may get off our hands the 1 evolu-
tions and bills and petitions that the morning
hour is set apart and designated for disposing of.
.Now, I hope that wc shall be permitted to go
on, and get our drawers clear of what we have
got on hand, and then take up this bill which is
of so much consequence.
The motion of Mr. King was not agreed to—
ayes twelve, noes not counted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred n resolution to pa y Wil-
liam Patton, late engiossing clerk, for work done
by him during the recess of the Senate in preparing
indexes to the executive documents, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be leferrcd to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Pieston Starrit, for-
merly a messenger of the Senate, praying for pay
which he alleges has been illegally withheld from
him, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio in favor of the establishment
of a naval depoton the western lakes, resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan in favorof the es-
tablishment of a naval station and dock-yard in
that State, a memorial of the mayor and city coun-
cil of Sandusky, Ohio, praying for the establish-
ment of a naval depot at Bull's Island m Sandusky
bay, and sundry memorials and petitions on the
subject of a naval station and depoton the western
waters, submitted a report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Jesse
Ellis, an invalid pensioner, praying that he may
be exempted fiotn put iodical medical examination
by physicians, submitted an ad verse report: which
was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John R Joy, praying
for an additional pension, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No, &2G) authorizing
the opening of Sixth street west; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Pi lin-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
> letter of the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
i communicating copies of his accounts for Indian
! disbursements for the year ending June 30, 1861,
; reported m favor of printing the same, and that
I one thousand additional copies thereof be printed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the message
of the President of the United States relating to
the seizure of the Spanish bark Provuleticia, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
2:25) for the relief of the owners, officers, and crew
ot the Spanish bark Providencia. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
181) to secure the early completion of the south-
west branch of the Pacific railroad, in the State
of Missouri, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 223) to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 46) relating to the sale of goods unfit for
use by the War Department, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 334) relating to
the appointment and compensation of chaplains
in military hospitals, reported adversely thereon.
ARMY DISBURSEMENTS.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution: which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
tlie Miima be msti tiered to inquire into the expediency of
so modnyinu the existing laws, that all the moneys now
disbursed by qimtfi masters and commissaries of subsist-
ence and tlieir suboidinates, shall hcreafiei be ptesented in
the form ot the several co'itract^ or accounts to paymasters
of the Army, and be by tuch paymasters audited and paid,
such paymasters being icquirod to give security accord-
mgly, and to account to the proper auditing officer of the
Treasuiy; and that they icpou by bill or otherwise.
APPOINTMENT OF GENKRALS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, no persons
should be commissioned as gcneiaN of divisions or brigade*,
except feueh as bha.ll exhibit supcnor competency in the
command of men, or gallantly in action against the enemy.
Mr. HALE rose.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, it
must lie over.
Mr. HALE. I do not object to it. I am rather
in favor of it; but I think it does not go far enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts was understood as objecting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the objection.
Mr. CARLILE That resolution is of sufficient
impoitance,I think, to be considered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. If in order, I move
that it be referred to that committee.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. (>4) expressive of the thanks of Congress
to Captain A. II. Foote of the United States Navy,
and to the officers and men under his command m
the western ilotilla; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sist obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(eff No. GO) authorizing and directing the change
of location of the light-vessel on Eelgrass shoal;
winch was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
remark to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] that oil Friday, as the doors were being
closed for an executive session, he sent to the Sec-
retary's desk a joint resolution, and it was ob-
jected to by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Sadlsbury.] It being a joint resolution, the ob-
jection of the Senator from Delaware piecluded
us reception. It is now in order for the Senator
to renew it if lie chooses so to do. It was not
received; the objection of the Senator from Del-
aware prevented it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts* I ask leave
now to introduce a joint resolution to grant aid to
the States of Maryland and Delaware to emanci-
pate certain persons held to service or labor m
said States.
Mr. SAIILSBURY. I intend to object to the
proposition in every stage and fight it at every
stage; I shall make ail objections at all stages that
I have a light to make.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I did not
understand that it required unanimous consent, for
I notified the Senate a week ago in regard to that
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
pardon the Chair, there is no prescribed form by
which a Senator shall give notice that he will in-
troduce a bill. It has been usual for a Senator to
rise ill his place and give that notice. The Senator
from Massachusetts did 011 Friday send to the
Chair the joint resolution and the title was read.
The Chair rules that that was notice, and therefore
the Senator is entitled to ask leave to introduce his
resolution to-day, under the notice already given.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I wish to say a word
upon that subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator desncs to consider it, I hope it will go over
this morning, and let us take up an important bill.
