1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
arc brought to the consideration of the questions
of strength and preparation.
Why is our Army inactive? Will it be answered
that it is still deficient in discipline? That reply
would be as unjust as it is illogical. Ours is an
aimy of volunteers, Who must not be judged by
the rules applied to regulars. You cannot drill it
into that mere machine which martinets consider
the perfection of efficiency. The citizen-soldier is
an individual; no amount of discipline can destroy
his individuality. Four months of industrious
drill is ample time to prepare such troops for
effective service. Prolonged inactivity will finally
discourage his zeal. The prospect of action must
be ever present as an incentive. Inaction is the
bane of the volunteer.
These opinions I express with confidence, for
I have had a large personal experience in the
management of volunteer soldiers. The training
of two distinct regiments during the Mexican war,
with subsequent labors in Kansas, and the cam-
paigns of the last spring and summer in Missouri,
have given me a practical knowledge on this sub-
ject entitled to consideration.
The regiments that fought and won the battle
of Buena Vista, were not as well provided as the
army of the Potomac, and not better drilled. Sir,
I have witnessed the drill of that Army; and I
am satisfied that it has reachcd the maximum
of discipline attainable by volunteers, and that
every day of inaction now, tends to its demoral-
ization. <
While, also, as regards discipline, we are as
fully prepared for action as we ever shall be, we
have the advantage of superiority, in that respect,
to the enemy. Every unprejudiced observerdur-
ing the Mexican war, will testify^hat the regi-
ments from the North, in the excellence of their
drill, far exceeded those from the States now in
rebellion. Our opponents arc formidable, only
when their individuality can be shown while fight-
ing under cover—as at Manassas, Springfield, and
Ball's Bluff. Operating in mass, on the open field,
we can always conquer; as at Dry Wood, where
four hundred Kansas troops checked and drove
back ten thousand rebels. And of these facts,
the confederates are themselves fully aware. Re-
cently, at Spring River, eight hundred Kansas
troops encountered six thousand rebels, covered
by that stream and six miles of timber. This hand-
ful of heroic men offered a fight on the open prairie,
which was declined by the enemy; either because
they expected us to repeat the folly of attacking (
them in their timber-stronghold, or feared a defeat ■
without its protection. It will require on our part, !
rapidity of movement and boldness of strategy to 1
force them into a battle on the open field. |
So much for efficiency. That heroic veteran, ;
the late Lieutenant General of the Army, now
forced by age and infirmity into a retirement made j
glorious by the memones of a long life of patriot- i
ism and triumph, announced the fact that the ides j
of October would sec his columns prepared to ,
move. Hence, it is impossible not to believe that j
they are by this time, complete in arms, equip- ;
ment, means of transportation, and every other ■
physical appliance of service. !
Why, then, do they tarry? If Napoleon with ,
sixty thousand undisciplined recruits, scaling the j
frozen fastnesses of the Alps, and avoiding their ;
hostile fortifications, could, in five weeks, reach
the plains of Lombaidy, pierce the Austrian lines, 1
and annihilate the army of Melas, a hundred and
twenty thousand strong, on the field of Marengo,
"thereby emancipating the whole of Italy, shall it j
be said that we cannot surmount the hills of Vir- :
ginia and Kentucky, in spite of their defenses, '
and. penetrating to the heart of the rebellion, strike
in detail their armies, inferior to our own in num-
bers, arms, equipment, discipline, and all that
constitutes the true soldier, and stretched along a i;
line of over two thousand miles in extent—de- l
stroying the heterogeneous hosts as we go, or '
scattering them in consternation, and restore to ,
the rule of the Republic those fair regions now j
cursed by a usurpation more intolerable than that
of the Austrian, and which holds in bonds of ter-
ror even those wretched men who are committed
to its support? Mr. President, to doubt our ability,
is disgraceful! i
Let it not be said that the snows of winter are !
upon us. If Washington could march his bare- ,
footed soldiers over the frozen roads of New Jcr- ;
scy, their footsteps marked with blood, and, in j
the middle of winter, cross the Delaware, filled with
floating ice, can wc not, at the same season, move
our well-clad legions towards the mild valleys of
the South, to reestablish that freedom which their
sufferings secured?
Will you wait till spring, when the roads, if
ever, will become impassable? or till our troops
shall have been decimated by the diseases of sum-
mer' No. Clear this war of the doubts that sur-
round its purpose; give to the volunteer a battle
cry; cherish that enthusiasm which is indispens-
able to success, and which nerved the conscripts
of Napoleon to the achievement of victory without
reference to disparity of numbers. See that your
volunteers are not thrown upon artillery without
preparation; they must see the guns, count them,
hear the whistle of their balls, and thus prepared,
no strength of fortifications can resist them; they
are the most effective troops on earth. He who
doubts this, or underrates them in comparison
with others, knows but little of their energy of
purpose, and their devotion to their country and
their flag. Where such another victory ever
gained upon the open field as that of Buena Vista ?
Twenty thousand well-disciplined troops, amply
supplied with artillery, overthrown by forty-six
hundred ragged American volunteers. Those who
witnessed that conflict, well know how to appre-
ciate the indomitable fighting qualities of troops
like ours.
The occupation of the rebel States by our Army
is a military necessity. I laugh to scorn the policy
of wooing back the traitors to their allegiance by
seizing and holding unimportant points in those
States. Every invitation extended to them in kind-
ness, is an encouragement to stronger resistance.
The exhausting policy is a failure; so long as they
have four million slaves to feed them, so long will
this rebellion bo sustained. My word for it, sir,
long before they reach the point of exhaustion,
the people of this country will lose confidence in
their rulers. And it is unreasonable to expect the
loyal citizens of the rebel States to manifest then-
desire to return to their allegiance, while their
homes and families are in the power of their op-
pressors. Did the Italians welcome Napoleon till
he had expelled their tyrants, and thereby proved
his ability to protect them? So with the people
of the disloyal States; march your armies there;
engage and scatter the forces of the enemy; whip
somebody; evidence your ability to protect the
loyal citizens, their homes and families: and then,
and not til! then, will they rally to your standard
by thousands and tens of thousands.
I have alluded, Mr. President, to the slave pop-
ulation of the rebel States. It is claimed by the
friends of slavery that the institution is a source
of military strength. The slaves are made not
only to feed and clothe their oppressors, but to
build foitificauons for then defense; and even in
some cases to bear aims in their service. The
slaveholders are right—and they are wrong; the
institution is an element of strength, but only
while it exists. Withdraw that element, and this
rebellion falls of its own weight. The masters
will not work, and they must eat. Now, they
are fighting to retain their slaves, exposing their
lives and the lives of their sons. Suppose we had
their slaves; to what lengths would they not go in
an opposite direction, in the hope to recover them r
They would bow down in dutiful submission, even
to Abraham Lincoln himself. In my opinion, the
obtaining possession of those aiaves by the Gov- ;
ernment would he more effective in crushing out ;
the rebellion, than the seizure, if it could be made, i
of every ounce of ammunition they possess. As j
the fear of losing their slaves is now the incen- i
tive to war, so would then the desire for their re- !
covery, be the inducement for peace. March your ;
armies into the heart of their confedeiacy; win |
one victory; oppose kindness to ciuelty; and as ;
the peasantry of France rallied to the standard of
Napoleon on his return from Elba, so will the '
slaves, with one impulse, flock to ours. Thegen- ;
oral who commands that army, will be received !
with the same acclaim as was Bonaparte; they j
will hail him as their liberator and friend, and by ,
theirvery numbers will secure safety to his army. !
No trouble, then, in obtaining information of the
enemy's operations. Interested in our success— ,
grateful as they will be faithful—every movement ,
will instantly be reported, endangering their cham-
pions and protectors. Peace will be restored,and
the cftt'se of the war removed; and then, in these
halls, in the interests of humanity and a united
country, we can deliberate and do justice.
Mr. President, in my opinion the policy of for-
tifications should be discarded. A capital depend-
ent on such protection, is not worth preserving;
the only sufficientbuhvark for itsdefense, is formed
by the loyal breasts of our citizen soldiery. Think
no more of barracksfor winter quarters; our troops
do not desire them. Cheat yourself no longer with
the delusive idea that your camps are still schools
of instruction; henceforward, your lessons must
be taught in the field. Advance rapidly, and strike
boldly. The country is favorable; the climate
invites; the cause demands. Advance,and all is
accomplished; the Government is saved, and free-
dom is triumphant.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I imagine that
the Senate is convinced, and the country will be
when the speech of the Senator from Kansas goes
before it, that the President of the United States
has committed one grand mistake. By the Con-
stitution of the United States he is made the Com-
mander-in-Chief of ourarmies, and he selects the
individual who is to conduct their movements in
the field. The mistake he has committed has been
in not selecting the Senator from Kansas as that
commander.
Sir, it is easy for gentlemen in their rooms and
upon the carpeted floors of Congress to criticise
military movements; but I think, at a time like
this, when the maintenance of the Constitution
and the integrity of the Union depend upon the
manner in which our military operations are to
be conducted, it is enough for us to know that
these operations are confided by the Constitution
of the country, and by Congress, in the hands of
men in whom we have confidence.
Sir, I have no military experience; but there is
one view that does press heavily upon my mind
in opposition to the theory advanced by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, and I think it will be acknowl-
edged to be common sense, if not military sense:
where the advantages of a victory would not be
equal to the disastrous consequences resulting
from a defeat, we should hesitate long before we
give battle. I do not believe that we are in a con-
dition to stand another defeat on the Potomac;
and I believe that if we be defeated there again,
the consequences of that defeat will be more dis-
astrous to the country than any benefits that are
likely to result from a victory that we might ob-
tain by an impatient, onward movement. I am
willing, and I believe the great body of the loyal
people of this country, not only in the seceded
States but Throughout the Union, are willing to
rely confidently upon the wisdom and discretion
of the executive power, and to wait until they
are ready to move.
But, sir, I was surprised to hear from the Sen-
ator that twenty million of loyal people arc un-
able to contend with five million in rebellion—
counting all the whites that are in the rebellious
States—without liberating the four million slaves
that are in the slaveholding States. Sir. that is
a confession of weakness that I am unwilling to
make. We have been unaccustomed to language
like this. It now comes from the same gentlemen
who told us a year or two ago that the four mil-
lion slaves were an element of weakness to the
slaveholding States; the same gentlemen who
laughed at a threatened dissolution of the Union;
the same gentlemen who held up to their people
that it was a bugbear and a scare-crow, and who
announced to the country that " the South could
not be kicked out of the Union." Sir, I distrusted
them then; I distrust them now when they tell a
different story. I trust that there will be wisdom
and patriotism enough, not alone in the Congress
of the nation, but throughout the country, to know
that, constitutionally speaking, this is not a war
in which wc arc engaged. When you make war
j upon a people, you make war upon the whole of
that people, and do not pretend to discriminate
| between the innocent and the guilty. This is an
| effort on the part of the Federal Government to
I suppress insurrection, to put down rebellion; and
while it is your duty to put down the rebels, it is
equally your duty to protect the innocent and un-
offending citizens, and you cannot wage an indis-
criminate war against the people of these Slates
without trampling under foot the solemn obliga-
tions of that Constitution which binds this Union
together.
Sir, I have no prepared speech to deliver to the
