1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1L3B
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not insist on speak-
ing now if it is not to bo brought up in my absence.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 will say
to the Senator that I will bring it up when ho is
here, but we are anxious this morning to consider
the bill referred to by the Senator from New York.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not mean to occupy
the time of the Senate. All I want is that when
the matter comes up before the Senate for action
I may be heard; that it shall not be called up in
my absence.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint reso-
lution, (S. No. 63,) and it was read and passed to
a second reading.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIJS REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill (S. No. 217) to encourage enlist-
ments in the legular Army of the United States,
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the lull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will, with the leave of
the Senate, vary the amendment winch I submit-
ted. The matter has been looked into by the chair-
man of the Military Committee, and perhaps it is
as well that some allowance should be made to the
officers and soldiers of the cavalry scrvicc who
may be discharged under this proposition. I shall
theiefore vary the amendment by offering it in
the original shape, merely substituting " one
month Vinstead of " three months' " extra pay,
in the third section. I think that will satisfy ev-
erybody on that point, and I am disposed to agree
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the power
of the Senator to modify his own amendment at
present as lie pleases. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add to
the bill, as additional sections:
Thru the cavaliy totees in the seivicc of the United States
shall lieteaUerbe organized a< follows: each leirunent of
ca\ ili3r •'•hall have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
tinv.1 e major-*, one surgeon, one a^s-istam suigonn. oue ie<$i-
nvtital adjutant, one lejnmental quartci master, one ret^i-
muital commi-^arv, one veteinnuy surguon, who&e com-
p"ii*ai ion shall be seventy-five dollar-? per month, with the
rank of a regimental seigeant major, one smgeant major,
one quartermaster sergeant, one commissaiy Migrant, two
hospital slew aid:-, one saddler seigeant, one vctennary ser-
geant, one chief' trumpeter, and one chief temer or black-
smith; and eacii j< giinent shall consist of twelve compa-
nion or tioops. and each company or tioop shall have one
captain, one fh^t lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and
one acting or supeinumeiau second lieutenant, to he re-
jected liom the non-com mi-atoned otfteei- or the le-pective
legimeniis, one first yeigeant, one quartermaster sogeant,
one coinnn^aty sergeant, five MMywnt^, ei^ht oipoiaK,
two te.im-tcis. two fauieir. or blacksmiths one saddler .one
wagonei, and sevenry-cght [)iivate«; the regimental adju-
tants, the lcgimental cjiuutt tma< t< i->. and iciiinu'uMl coui-
im^arre^ to he taken lioni the fitlieutenant- of their t re-
spective regiments, imt in u Inch the> -hail continue in the
line ot promotion : P/ori'.'c(/,That vacancies cau-edbj this
organization thall not lie considered us oiigmai, but t-hall
be filled bv legulai piomotioti.
Jlnd bcit fuither enacted, That the Prevalent of tlie Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized anil dnected,
under such initiations as he may establish, to leduee, by
transfer, dr-eharge, or otheiwise, the volunteer cavalry
foiees now in the set vice, to fotty regiments, each of wiiicii
regiment- to be organized as provided tor by tin-? act
Jlnd he it fuither cna'ted, That the officer necessarily
di-ehatiied fjom seivice by this acts'na!!, m addition to tlie
ollowati'-es giauted by existing laws, receive each one
month'- extra piv pioper
slnd be it l in I her cnurtcd< That all officers of cavalry who
liave been or nui) heiealtei be appointed in the volunteer
ton e m me <etv\c e c i the United rftate.s, shall be examined
In a boaid ol otiicer-- to be appointed by the Seeretarj of
Win, and w ho shall be familiar with the tactics and organ-
isation of the mounted or cavalry f-etviee of the United
States Auii\.
Mr. SHERMAN". 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out forty" regiments, and in-
sert " thii ty," i desire to call the attention of
Senators to the present law. The law of July
22, 1861, fixes the volunteer establishment at five
hundred thousand men. By the second section
of that law it is provided:
" That the said volunteers shall be subject to the tules
and regulations novel rung the Aimv o! the United States,
and tlt.it they shall be foimed by the Piesideut into regi-
ments of infantry, with the exception ot such number tor
eae.ilrv and amtlery as he may dnect, not to exceed the
piop'ution of one company of each of the.-e anus to ever}
legirnent of nitantty, and to be oigauized a> m the legular
service.
I have here a detailed table of the organization.
of the volunteer forces prepared by the Adjutant
General, which gives the organization of five hun-
dred thousand volunteers, it piovides for thirty-
five regiments of artillery, thirty-five regiments
of cavalry, and four hundred and thirty regiments
of infantry; but the regiments of cavalry are ten
company regiments instead of twelve company
regiments. Under the organization proposed by
this bill there will be twelve companies in each
regiment. Thirty regiments of cavalry, under the
proposed organization, would be about equiva-
lent to thirty-five regiments under the old organ-
ization. As I do not believe that our Government
can maintain more than half a million of volun-
teers; as I do not think it advisable to base our
military organization on a greater number than
that, my opinion is that we ought to keep within
the terms of the lavv. If we authorize thirty re-
giments of cavalry, they will amount to thirty-six
thousand men, which will be just about equiva-
lent to the present legal organization. It is true
that the Secretary of War, or the President, or
whoever had to do with it, instead of organizing
thirty-five regiments of cavalry which the law
allowed him to do, organized some sixty or sev-
enty regiments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Seventy-
seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was a plain, palpable
violation of law. I do not know what necessity
pressed upon them, but the law expressly limited
the number of cavalry regiments to thirty-five, and
I have the table before me to show that the legal
volunteer regiments of cavalry are thirty-five. I
think we ought to reduce our cavalry forces to the
amount fixed by law, and hereafter I hope a pro-
vision will be introduced into some of the bills that
arc pending limiting the infantry regiments to the
number authorized by law. I am told by officers
of high standing in the Army that thirty regi-
ments organized under this bill, making an aggie-
gate of thirty-six thousand men, will be a greater
number of cavalry than we shall probably use in
the war, whatever magnitude it may assume here-
after. I think we have now more than thiily or
forty thousand actually enlisted in the cavalry
forces, although they are distributed among sev-
enty-seven regiments, but by consolidating the
enlistments they could be reduced to thiity regi-
ments of twelve hundred men each.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is certainly mistaken in regard to
the number of privates enlisted. The whole num-
ber of cavalry regiments is seventy-seven; the
number of officers and privates is sixty-four thou-
sand. The bill was originally passed by the Sen-
ate for forty regiments, which would make forty-
eight thousand men, discharging, therefore, or put-
ting into the infantry sixteen thousand men. The
House of Representatives fixed the number at fifty
regiments, the original proposition of our commit-
tee. lam satisfied thatforty regiments are enough,
but I will not oppose putting in this bill thirty, and
try the temper of Congress on that.
I see that a statement is going the rounds of the
piessof the country that theie is something wrong
about this bill. The fact is, that if the seventy- j
seven regiments be reduced to forty, thirty-seven j
colonels, thirty-seven lieutenant colonels, one !
hundred and eleven majors,aboutfour hundred and :
fifty captains, and about nine hundred lieutenants, ;
will be discharged, effecting an annual saving of !
$2,900,000 to the Treasury of the United States; !
and by transferring sixteen thousand piivates to ]
the infantry, a great deal will be saved; because i
they will cost less as infantry than as cavalry. It \
is proposed also to carry up the numbers of the i
five old cavalry regiments in the regular scrvicc |
by having eighty-three privates to a company,
instead of sixty-four, so as to make the service '
uniform. That will cause an addition of five ma- :
jors. That is all there is in the proposition. It
is a plain mathematical demonstration. The sixth ■
regiment of regular cavalry is organized on this
basis; and we propose to make all the old cavalry I
regiments of the regular Army uniform with this i
system. i
Mi. SHERMAN. There are six of those. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on j.
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] moved to strike out'
the third section of the amendment of the Senator
from Maine. That question should have been
put before the question on the amendment of the
Senator from Maine. The Chair will regard.the
latter as not having been put; and the question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota to the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to strike out the third section
of the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
which is in these words:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers and enlisted
men neccssanly discharged from scrvice by this act shall,
in addition to the allowances granted by existing laws, re
ceive each one month's extra pay pioper.
Mr. HALE. Does thatinclude the$100bounty?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No; they
have got to serve two years for that.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I had this bill before me a short
time since, and perhaps 1 may have it here now;
but the question before the Senate, I understand,
is on the adoption of the amendment reported by
the chairman of the Military Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine, consisting of
four sections.
Mr. HOWE. I have one suggestion to make
to the Senator from Maine, if the proposition
comes from him; and that is, that in discharging
any portion of the cavalry now mustered into the
service, or raised for the service of the United
States, preference ought to be given to full regi-
ments rather than to parts of regiments. This
measuie, as I understand it, contemplates the dis-
charge of a portion of our regiments. I do not
understand yet how many men we have; itissaid
we have seventy-seven cavalry regiments.
Mr. WILSO^, of Massachusetts. We have
sixty-four thousand men in the seventy-seven
regiments.
Mr. HOWE. A great many of those regiments
are therefore incomplete. We have had three or
four different resolutions passed by this body call-
ing on the Secretary of War or on the President,
sometimes one and sometimes the other, to in-
form the Senate what number of cavaliy we had
laised. I have never yet known of any one of
those resolutions being responded to, and I have
never known, until I hear it now from the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, what
was the number of men we had. Some of these
regiments are to be disbanded. Many of them
are incomplete, are skeleton regiments; others are
full regiments. The suggestion 1 make is that
preference should be given to the full regiments;
that in all cases the skeleton regiments should be
broken up or disbanded in preference to the full
regiments. If that suggestion is acceptable to the
Senator from Maine or to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I shall have no
opposition to offer to this amendment. It seems
to me to be a just and reasonable one.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it will be found there
are no skeleton regiments; that they have got the
full number of men, but have not got their horses
and other equipments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have them in my State.
Mr. GRIMES. My friend fiom Wisconsin
says they have skeleton regiments in his State.
I take it, the Wisconsin regiments are all full so
far as the number of mien is concerned, but are
unmounted and unequipped. I know that is the
case elsewhere with regiments that are called skel-
eton regiments.
Mr. HOWE. It is said that we have seventy-
seven regiments and sixty-four thousand men,
and a full regiment I believe consists of twelve
hundred men.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Twelve hun-
dred and sixty^eight.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken in
that. All of these regiments have not twelve hun-
dred men. The regiments that were formed after
a certain date have twelve hundied men, but the
five original regular regiments have not twehe
hundred men. Only a portion of the volunteer
cavalry have that number.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Most of
them.
