2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
should make its securities better than those of
any northern city, and yet §123,000 was bought at
one time of the bonds of the city of Wheeling, for
which §110,070 was paid. While all these pur-
chases were being made during the time to which
I have referred, in stocks of southern States, there
•was not, after Mr. Manypenny was in the Indian
office, a single dollar bought of the stocks of any
northern State.
I have a letter here which may be interesting as a
part of the history of the country. After Virginia
had got nearly half a million of her bonds foisted
on the Indians in this way, a letter was written,
which I will read. I found it torn up in the In-
dian department yesterday. It was torn in four
or five pieces,'! found it in a drawer there:
Washington, May 30, 1857.
Dear Sii\: You have a fund for investment in State
stocks. 1 propose to sell you $48,000 of Virginia State bonds
at ninety three cents on the dollar, which is about what it
will cost you to purchase in the market. These bonds aie
especially valuable as a permanent and safe investment,
because by the constitution of the State of Viiginia there
is a sinking fund provided which insuies the piompt pay-
ment ot the interest semi-annually, and the ultimate re-
demption of the principle, and because they are trausfei.ible
only in person or by power of attorney at the treasury of
the Commonwealth, and thus exempt from all casualties of
loss by theft or destruction. Indeed for safe investment
there is no better stock in the United States.
Very respectfully, &e. JOHN B. FLOYD.
Hon. John Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
I do not think that letter has much to do with
the appropriation; but I have read it as a part of
the history of this transaction, to show how these
men have been working together to throw all these
funds into the southern States. I suppose that
the Government would be responsible, perhaps,
for the acts of its agents; but in no event do I
think we are bound by any principle of law or
morals to pay this money to the Indians who have
taken up arms against the Government; and, at
nil events, I would not do it now. As to the bonds
that are held, for instance for the Delaware In-
dians, and in which their money was invested in
good faith, and from any casualty that has oc-
curred the interest is not paid promptly, as it should
be, it may be a question how far wc are called
upon, in honor, to meet the demand by an appro-
priation out of the Treasury. I am rather in-
clined to think that it is better not to vote any of
it at this session.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The Senator from
Minnesota referred to Missouri bonds. I take no
exception to the manner i# which lie referred to
them; but it may require a short explanation. In
Missouri we have a permanent statute imposing a
tax upon the people annually for the payment of
the interest upon our bonds; but in consequence
of the extreme disorders that have prevailed dur-
ing this last year, it maybe probable that that in-
terest cannot be paid the present year; but I have
no doubt of the ultimate redemption of every dol-
lar of indebtedness which the State of Missouri is
bound for at the present time.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 stated, myself, that I
did not think it was exactly proper for the Secre-
tary to include the Missouii honds in this list. I
do not think he ought to have rated them as non-
paying. I move to strike out these two items.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment. The purpose of the Senator from
Minnesota will be accomplished by rejecting the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert:
For the payment of interest on $1,714,300 of non-paying
stock, held by the Societary ot the iutuiior in trust for vari-
ous Indian tribe*. up to and including the interest payable
July I, 1863, $255,873 5'J: Provided, That no part of the
two sums la>t above mentioned shall be paid to any other
person than to the lawfully authonzed agents of the said
several tribes for whose u*-e the said bonds and stoeks are
now held by the United States, nor shall any portion thereof
be paid on them for the benefit of any members, of said tribes
who have taken up arms against the United States duiing
the present rebellion, or agam-t any Indians of their own
tube or of any other tribe at peace with the United States
during this rebellion.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert:
Forasum ncccssary to rcunbut&c the Blaekfeet and other
Indians, in dry goods, clothing, haidwarc, and guns>, which
were lost in shipment, .$1-1,40 i 77.
Mr. DOOLIFTLE. 1 will state for the inform-
ation of the Senate that this amount of goods was
lost on two vessels, one of which was sunk and
one burnt.
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire if this is the
item covering Mr. Burley's lossos. If it is not, I
have nothing to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like some ex-
planation of it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs were informed by the Commissioner that
this is for goods that were shipped on boats up
the Missouri river for Indian tribes, one boat hav-
ing been sunk and another boat burned, and this
amount was destroyed in view of the Indians, to
whom we were sending the goods. The commit-
tee was informed also that part of this loss was
covered by insurance, but it was not thought proper
to withhold the property from the Indians, and
hence the committee recommended the appropria-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not been able to ascer-
tain from the chairman of the committee whether
this is the item to which I referred or not. The
goods on the boat that was sunk were somewhat
damaged but they were not destroyed, and if it is
that item it is too large an amount to make up for
what was lost. If it is some other item, I have no
objection to it. I know something about the boat
which was sunk.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee was informed
that there would be no loss, because if the money
was recovered ultimately from the insurance com-
panies it would go into the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. What became of the goods ?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose they have been
turned over to the undorsvriters.
Mr. POMEROY. The goods that I refer to
were not insured; they were put on a boat at St.
Joseph and not insured in St. Louis at all.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert:
Foi deficiency in the contingent fund of the Indian de-
partment (owing to the unusual demand upon the same) for
the balance of the half year ending June 30,1862, §15,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have some
explanation of that proposition. I supposed this
year there was less demand upon the Indian fund
than ever before, because there have been less In-
dians in charge of the bureau. Besides, a defi-
ciency in a contingent fund is always a suspicious
item of appropriation. It ought to come through
the regular channel.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that item,
I can only state that it was recommended upon
the estimate made by the Department. The state-
ment made by the Department was that, owing to
the difficulties with the Indian tribes, there has
been a much larger call for special service to be
rendered, for the appointment of special agents,
and for special expenses than when they are at
peace. That I understand to be the ground upon
which it is asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend if that
was not all understood and known in November
last, when the regular estimates were made out'
The ordinary estimate submitted by the Depart-
ment to the Secretary of the Treasury, and by
him to Congress, did not call for these deficien-
cies. The deficiencies in the Interior Department
are estimated for in the book before me, and there
was no deficiency estimated for in November,
growing out of the Indian difficulties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the honor-
able Senator that most of the difficulties with the
western Indians have arisen since Congress com-
menced its session. They have been driven into
Kansas during the present session of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. Is this to pay for feeding
them in Kansas?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better go to
: the House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment will go
to the House of Representatives if we adopt it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Letthe application be made
to the House of Representatives for the appropria-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. If this is for the expenses in-
curred m our State, it cannot be near large enough.
I understand it is an appropriation of only $2,000.
if it is to cover that expense, it is not sufficient
for the fust payment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is #15,000.
Mr. POMEROY. Fifteen thousand dollars
would hardly be the first installment. That ex-
pense is running up at the rate of twelve or fifteen
hundred dollars a day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is for a deficiency
in the contingent fund, and cannot be for that.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert, as a new
section:
And be it further enacted, That after the end of the pres-
ent fiscal year the salaiyof the superintendent of Indian
affairs for tho northern'district and foi the southern dis-
tricts of California shall be 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That amendment is cov-
ered by the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better put this
in, in case that should be rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The proposition was to
fix the salaries at $3,000.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it now ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Three thousand six hun-
dred; but if the amendment of the Senator from
California is adopted it covers that whole sub-
ject.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment provides
that the salary of both the superintendents shall
be the same as at present, $3,600. The commit-
tee was of opinion that $3,000 would be enough.
I believe §3,000 is the amount we pay the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, who is at the head of
that bureau, and the committee did not deem it
proper to pay one of the superintendents $600 a
year more than the chief of the bureau.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to fill the blank with the sum of $3,000?
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the blank be filled
with " $3,000."
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the blank be filled
with $2,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The blank was
filled with §3,000, and then the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought it was the proposi-
tion to fill the blank with $3,000 that was rejected.
Mr. KING. I understood that the blank was
not filled. The motion of the Senator from Iowa
was to fill it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The blank was
filled with $3,000, and then the whole amendment
was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As Senators seem to have
been under a misapprehension, I hope the vote
will be taken again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote al-
ready taken can be reconsidered.
Mr? GRIMES. I am satisfied there is not the
slightest necessity for paying an officer on the
Pacific coast a higher salary than one on the At-
lantic coast. I have friends residing on that coast
who write to me and tell me that the expenses of
living at this time arc not greater there than any-
where on our frontier, and we ought not to have
one system of salaries on one side of the mount-
ains and another system of salaries on the other.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the blank
was filled with $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question on that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now propose to fix it at the
same salary given to superintendents of Indian
affairs this side of the Rocky mountains, $2,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe the salaries of the
superintendents in Oregon and Washington are
§2,500.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I will fix this at that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It had better be uniform
on that side, and not have California less than the
others.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to fill the blank with
$2,500.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
Sec.—. Jind he it farther enacted, That the sum of
$50,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to enable
the iVaident to negotiate a treaty with the Nes& Pcrce In-
diana of Oiegon and Washington Territory, lor the relin-
quishment of a portion or alfof their present reservation,
or its exchange for other lands.
