1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; a large number have j
only seven hundred and odd men.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. General
Stoneman told me yesterday that he found nearly
all the volunteer cavalry regiments, with the ex-
ception of two or three, organized with twelve
hundred men.
Mr. GRIMES, Where is his report?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is the
statement he made to me. He says there are but
two or three regiments that are not organized in
that way.
Mr. HOWE. It is very manifest this bill pro-
vides for retaining a certain number of regiments
at twelve hundred men each. Some of the regi-
ments we have now in the service have twelve
hundred men; how many I do not know, and i
do not know that any one knows. I only say
preference ought to be given to those regiments.
If an amendment is now in order to the amend-
ment, I will offer an amendment providing that in
all cases of discharge under this bill—without
having the bill before me I cannot word it prop-
erly—preference should be given to regiments
which are now full, and those regiments shall be
retained in the service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
prepare his amendment in writing.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume if the Senator from
Wisconsin reflects a moment, he will see that this
had better be left to the Executive. No doubt
proper discretion will be used; and they will cer-
tainly break up a regiment partially organized,
rather than a full one. It is to be presumed they
will exercise a proper discretion about it, and we
had better leave it to the Executive certainly than
to undertake to interfere hy legislation. The
Senator's suggestions are wise no doubt, but they
will occur it) the proper authorities.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The sug-
gestion of the Senator from Connecticut is cer-
tainly a good one, and I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will so regard it. We have seventy-
seven regiments, sixty-four thousand men. We
propose to make a large reduction. We have a
portion of these regiments mounted; others are
not mounted. I suppose the Senator does not
propose to buy horses to mountregiments. I take
it that the Government will arrange this in the
best possible manner for foice and economy. I
think this is an executive matter, and not a mat-
ter of legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order is now before
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone the
special order until we dispose of this bill. I sup-
pose the Senator from Illinois will have no objec-
tion to that. It is very important to dispose of
the bill.
Mr. BROWNING. If this bill can be disposed
of in a short time, and without any protracted dis-
cussion, I will yield to that motion; but I do not
wish to be postponed another day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it can be disposed
of in a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to postpone the special order for the
purpose of continuing this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illinois
says he will yield if the bill can be disposed of
without any extended discussion. That will de-
pend decidedly on the disposition of Senators.
Mr. £IOWE. I am not going to discuss it at
any length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no ob-
jection, it will be taken as the sense of the Senate
"that the special order be postponed temporauly,
subject to the call of the Senator from Illinois
whenever he insists upon it, and that the consid-
eration of the bill before the Senate be continued.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOWE. L was about to remark I will not
detain the Senate even for the time necessary to
draw the amendment I suggested. If it is going
to be opposed by the Senatorfrom Connectieutand
the Senator trom Massachusetts, it would be use-
less for me to dunv such an amendment; but the
pioposilion winch 1 suggested seemed so just that
i supposed the Senate would recognize it." If they
suppose the Executive would, 1 can see no reason
why we should not recognize it; but if the Senate
will not, I shall have to rely on the Executive.
The amendment, amended, was agseed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose the following
as an additional section:
And he ii further enacted^ That no further enlistments of
volunteers shall be made, nor shall the services ot any ad-
ditional number of volunteers! be accepted m any btanch
of the service until the whole number in scivice shall have
been reduced to five hundred thousand, lank and file ; and
when the whole number in service shall have been so re-
duced, it shall not afterwards he allowed to exceed that
number, any law heretofore passed to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. HARRIS. If I understand the provisions
of that section upon its reading now, this will be
the effect of it: it will call in probably five hun-
dred officers scattered through all th^ States who
are now engaged in filling up regiments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is the
best thing that could be done.
Mr. HARRIS. I only want the Senate to un-
derstand it. There is probably not a regiment of
volunteers that is now full, probably there is not
a regiment of them that has not its officers now
out recruiting; and the effect of this section should
be understood. It is to call in those officers and
leave those regiments without their requisite num-
ber. How they are to be filled up, what is to be
done, what is to be the arrangement with respect
to these five hundred thousand men should be con-
sidered before such a proposition as this is adopted
here. It is only the beginning of a reform, it
seems to me, if it be a reform at all. I think the
proposition requires a little consideration in this
shape and form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The simple effect of the
amendment is this: at the last session we author-
ized the raising of five hundred thousand volun-
teers, rank and file. That was all that Congress
intended to aulhotize, and more than we wanted;
quite as many as we wanted, at any rate. We
afterwards passed another bill which was not in-
tended at all to increase the number, but to vary
the proceedings a little; but by a misconstruction
of that bill, the Government has gone on and in-
creased the force from five hundred thousand to
between six and seven hundred thousand. If, as
the Senator says, there are officers now out re-
el uiting to fill up the regiments and increase the
number still more, it is high time that we stopped
it; for if we do not, we shall be unable to pay them
in the end. This amendment docs not reduce the
number now actually in service, but provides that
it shall not be increased further than it is now, and
that no more enlistments shall take place until it is
brought down to the original bill. It applies only
to the volunteers, and does not affect the regular
Army at all.
Now, sir, if Governors of States have sent out
volunteer officers recruiting in their different Slates
to fill up regiments and still increase the number
larger and larger and larger, it is impossible that
this Government should go on and pay them.
Wc may just as well come down, or try to come
down, at once to what Congress originally in-
tended , and what every bod y admitted were enough
in all conscience to raise; and certainly at this time,
with present appearances, we do not want to in-
! crease our Army. 1 really hope gentlemen will
consider that we must stop somewhere, and not
raise these objections to bringing the matter some-
where within leasonable bounds. If men have
been recruited, they can be putin any company
anywhere to fill it up. They are not raised for
any particular company, and if they are wanted
m one place they can transfer them. There is no
j! difficulty about that.
j! Mr. DOOLITTLE. I regret somewhat that
li the cavalry bill and this enlistment bill should be
j1 combined together. The two subjects are entirely
l; distinct; and while I am decidedly anxious to favor
,, the passage of the cavalry bill, I must say I have
I some very serious objections to some of the pro-
i visions of this enlistment bill. I will state one
i that occurs to me. It provides for the enlistment
; from the ranks of the volunteer forces now in the
service of the United States of men for the regular
!• Army.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. The question now is on
' the amendment 1 have offered, not on that prop-
yl osition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the remarks I am
making are piemature, but my objection is to the
proposition to go light into the ranks of the volun-
ji tecr regiments with your enlisting officers for the
j; regular Army to enlist men out of their ranks and
I' put them in the tegular Army, and give them
twenty-five dollars a piece for doing so—paying
volunteers to go into the regular Army, and dis-
organizing them.
Mr. HALE. I concur entirely in the views of
the Senator from Maine on the subjectof reducing
the Army to five hundred thousand; but I think
there is more in the objection stated by the Sena-
tor from New York than the Senator from Maine
seems to give credit for. Suppose one of these
regiments gets very much reduced; as, for in-
stance, a regiment of Illinois volunteers at the bat-
tle of Fort Donelson it is said lost more than three
fourths of their whole number, this amendment
of the Senator from Maine, as I understand it,
would prevent the regiment from being filled up.
Suppose that any of these regiments that are now
in the field are reduced by the contingencies of
battle or disease below a convenient size? We
all know that regiments are best recruited in their
own States. Let me take, for instance, one of the
regiments of my own State, that I visited on Sat-
urday—the New Hampshire second. They are
expecting to move every day; and suppose they
move and are reduced by the contingencies of bat-
tle or disease three fourths or one half their pres-
ent number; the first and more natural dictate of
the officers would be to send to the State of New
Hampshire to fill up that regiment with recruits,
and that would not be to increase the Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why would it not?
Mr. HALE. It would be to keep it at what it
now is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what we do not
want. If we do that, we shall never get it down
to five hundred thousand men.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator's amendment were
framed so that the regiments should be reduced so
as to put the Army on a basis of five hundred
thousand, that would accomplish what he desires.
Mr. GRIMES. Or that regiments be disbanded
when below that number.
Mr. HALE. Something of that sort; but it
stiikes me the direction the Senator from Maine
gives his reform is nota practical one. Although
1 should generally rely on the superior wisdom of
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, yet it strikes me there is
very much foice in the objection of the Senator
from New York, and it occurred to me even be-
fore he suggested it. I think the amendment is
not in the form m which it should be put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very anxious that
we should effect something; that we should get
one bill through, if weean, and save some money;
and if there is to be a discussion on this amend-
ment, as the Senatorfrom Massachusetts tells me
there are other bills coming up relating to the
Army, with the leave of the Senate I will withdraw
this amendment, and propose iton some other bill.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
a slight amendment in the eighth line of the first
section, to insert before the word " cavalry" the
word " engineers;" so that it will read: "engi-
neers, cavalry, artillery, or infantry." I offer this
amendment in accordance with a suggestion con-
tained in a note from General Totten, who is very
anxious to get some engineer soldiers, and desires
that this amendment should be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill was
last up, the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] sub-
mitted an amendment, to insert the following as
an additional section:
be it farther enacted, That the act approved August
5. 1861, entitled " An act supplementary to an act entitled
' Ait act to increase the present military establishment of the
United States,' " approved July 29, 1861, be, and the .-ame
is; hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to take up
time, but I object to that portion of the bill which
allows recruiting officers for the regular Army to
go into the ranks of the volunteer regiments any-
where in the field and enlist men from under vol-
unteer officers for the regular Army, and give them
twenty-live dollars apiece out of the bounty in
advance. I think the tendency of that will be to
disorganize the volunteer regiments as they exist.
I am not in favor of it, and shall simply content
myself with voting against the bill with that pro-
vision in it.
The hill was reported to the Senate as ampnded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes mc there is great
