3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
foreign country, purchase goods and have them
on shipboard before the time prescribed for this
act to go into effect.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a single question. I would like
to know whether the provisions of the tax bill, as
reported by the committee of conference, in rela-
tion to manufactures, are not precisely the same
as the provisions of this bill, to wit: that all goods
in the hands of the manufacturers on the 1st day
of August shall pay the tax imposed?
Mr. STEVENS. That is so.
Mr. ENGLISH. And this bill provides a like
provision-in reference to goods which may be in
the public stores at that time?
jVlc. STEVENS. We have made this bill con-
form to tlu* tax bill; and when we reported the
tax bill to the House on the 3d of March last, it
was accompanied with the declaration from the
Committee of Ways and Means that we would
bring in just such a bill as this. So you see the
importers have hud all this notice; and I have no
doubtthcy have imported very largely for the pur-
pose of evading this very duty. 1 can see no just-
ice in the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, and I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. WARD. 1 desire to ask one question of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is, whether he does not consider that
when an importer places goods in the bonded
warehouse, the transaction is one in the nature
of a contract between the Government and the im-
porter; and if so, whether it is just to change the
conditions upon which such deposit was made?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows, I sup-
pose, that whenever any goods are imported into
this country they are imported with the implied
understanding that they are to be subject to the
legislation of the country. There is no contract at
all. Itisa simple question oflegislation,and those
who act under the law do so subject to the future
legislation of the country.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to suggest that the im-
porter has the privilege of withdrawing his goods
at any time, and there con scarcely be any such
thing as a contract growing out of the warehouse
system.
Mr. BAICER. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York. I assert most distinctly that when
goods are bonded a regular contract is entered into
between the Government and the importer, and
that to approve of this section as proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means would ho a vio-
lation of that contract. The Government exacts
from the importer a bond, in which it is stipulated
that if within the limited period fixed by the law the
importer shall pay a certain sum, which has been
duty calculated, he shall receive his goods. Now
it is proposed by the committee, in violation of
that contract, to very nearly double the amount
which is specified in the bond.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The only lim-
itation to the power of Congress in reference to
the collection of revenue is the reciprocity treaty;
and that, I understand, is theonly contract which
prevents our altering or changing the tariff just as
we please.
Butto show the injustice ofnot having precisely
such a provision as this, I will state that persons
who are so fortunate as to get their goods on board,
though they cannot get them into port, would have
tiie advantage of our maiket, which will necessa-
rily be raised by tile tariff, and they would, there-
fore, obtain upon their goods a profit which they
would not otherwise realize. I can see no justice
in the amendment, and hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. BAKER. The amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York is just such a pro-
vision as has been inserted heretofore in all the
tariff acts passed by Congress. Now, then, sup-
pose it had been the purpose of Congress to reduce
the tariff upon foreign importations; would such
a proposition as this have been presented to or
adopted by the House?
The question recurring on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. BAKER, by unanimousoonsent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Ward,
Mr. WARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ward, and
MoitRiLt of Vermont, were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 4G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
The committee here informally rose, and the
House received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary, a
message in writing.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. HOOPER moved to amend section twenty
in line eight, by striking out the words " if de-
signed for consumption in the United States.'3
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved the following amend-
ment:
Strike out in lines nine and ten, page 43, the wordrf " in
three years," and insert " within one j >ar," and strike out
all alter tlic word " deposited," ill the tcnlli line, page 43,
section twenty, down to and including the word " aban-
doned," in line fourteen, page 14, and insert m lieu thereof
the following:
But may be withdi.uvn by the owner for exportation to
foreign countries, or may b(! tianshipped to any pottot the
Faeilie or western coast of the United States at any time
before the expiration of three years alter the same aie de-
posited. Such goods on arrival at a Pacific or western port
as aforesaid, to be subject to the same rules and regulations
as if originally hnpoited there. Any goods remaining in
public store or bonded waiehouse three years, eliall be
regarded as abandoned.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Moans if the amend-
ment ho now proposes does not reach the one just
adopted ?
Mr. STEVENS. No; itdoes nottouch the one
just adopted.
' Mr. WARD. Then I would ask the honorable
gentleman whether the effect is not to substitute
one year for three years?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARD. That is the principal object of
the amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; where it is for con-
sumption. Where it is for exportation, or goes
to the Pacific coast, it leaves it the same as it is
now—three years.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move toamendthc amend-
ment by striking out "one year" and inserting
" six months." I cannot give my consent to any
legislation which I believe to be intended for the
benefit of foreign manufacturers as against the in-
dustry of my own country. Therefore, by no
silence, as by no consent of mine, shall any change
of existing laws be made by which the time shall
be extended to the importer of foreign goods for
the payment of duties beyond the period fixed by
the present law. Under the present tariff, adopted
in 186J, importers of foreign goods are allowed
three months in which to pay the duties, and it
was not proposed by the legislation of this ses-
sion to remodel the tariff laws, but simply to add to
the existing rates theamounts made necessary by
the increased taxation. Any change beyond that
takes the House by surprise. I hold that it is im-
politic and against the object which we had in
view to change the tariff further than to add the
taxes to the existing duties. I am opposed to ex-
tending the term of three months to one year,for
the reason that it is a measuie in favor of the for-
eign manufacturer as against the manufacturers of
our own country, and for this,among other rea-
sons: the foreign manufacturer, under this law, is
able to place his goods in bond, and to watch the
changes in the market; when the price goes up in
the market, he can immediately withdraw his
goods from the bond and throw them upon the
market and glut it with foreign goods, and thus
reap the whole profit before our manufacturers can
make and place in market goods that may come
in competition with them.
The manufacturers of England and France, and
of the German States, as a general thing, have
more capital invested in manufactures than we
have; they can make their goods cheaper, because
labor is cheap and capital abundant; they are able
to place their goods in warehouses here, and the
moment there is an inciease of price, those goods
are withdrawn, and the market is glutted, and the
American manufacturer loses the whole of the
profit. For this and other reasons this is legis-
lation against the interests of this country, and in
favor of the foreign manufacturer. While we pro-
pose to tax the manufacturers of this country to
a large amount, we are legislating here to strike
them down ! Is this wise? Is this patriotic. 1
hold that it is unwise and unpatriotic. I am sorry
to see any feeling of hostility manifested here to-
wards the manufacturers ofany one of these States.
The people of my State will pay all just taxes
cheerfully. You have placed a tax upon our coal
and iron, as well as upon manufactures of all kinds,
and we will pay the taxes cheerfully to pu t down
thisinfamousrebellion and preserve theUrnon. All
we ask of you isthat youshall not legislate so as to
strike down our industry,and give the whole ad-
vantage m the market to the foreign manufacturer.
We want fair protection and fair play. There is
no interest here which advocates an extension of
time in which Lo pay duties on imported goods
but the importers themselves, who represent a for-
interest, an English interest, now hostile to the
perpetuity and best interests of tills country, as
well as generally hostile to the life of the Union.
1 say it is a foreign interest which crawls into
these Halls, and demands that the industry of the
country shall be stricken down. We cannot err
if we stand by our own labor and our own capital.
This matter was carefully considered in the ses-
sion of 1861, and the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] who now advocates this change
in the warehousing system,then gave hisunquali-
fied approbation to the period of three months, as
applied to the warehouse system.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not ad-
vocated anything of the kind.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I judge by the bill which
the gentleman has reported. I do not wish to do
him injustice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall vote
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania on this
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to gay that this^
bill was reported by myself, under the orders of
the Committer of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am glad to find that my
colleague reported it by order of the committee.
1 know it is not in accordance with the judgment
of my colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not undeitake to state
how any member of the committee voted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am not a member of the
Committee of Ways and Moans, and I am not re-
ferring to anything that occurred thei*e I know
of their action only from the bill. But I take the
bill as I find it sanctioned by the Committee of
Waysand Means. The existing law declares that
the foreign manufacturer shall pay the duty on
his goods in three months, and a majority of the
Committer of Ways and Means recommend that
the time shall be extended to three years, and
now my colleague moves to'reduce it to one year.
I consider that legislation extending the time as
unwise. Why should the foreigner have a year
to pay the duties in when the American manufac-
turer is obliged,under this onerous tax bill, to pay
his taxes as soon as the articles are manufactured ?
Why should any time be granted to the foreign
manufacturer? My people, as soon as they forge
out a ton of iron, or manufacture a yard of wool-
ens, are obliged to pay the taxes upon those ar-
ticles, but the Birmingham or Lyons manufac-
turer, under the provisions of this bill, can place
his goods in a bonded warehouse,and like a spider
take his own time to watch the market, reap the
profit, and defraud the Government of the amount
of the duties, and now it is proposed to give him
one year to pay those duties in. Sir, it is unwise.
Are we legislating for our own land, or legislating
for the benefit of England with the hostile front
which she now presents to us' I ask gentlemen
who represent the State of New York here to tor-
get that they are representing to-day importers,
who are the representatives of foreigners, and to
stand by the industry of the country. 1 hope that
my amendment will be adopted. I am aware that it
doubles the time under existing laws, but it is a
reduction on the time fixed by the committee.
An importer now has but three months to pay the
duties in. Under my amendment he will have six
months; I would not give him three days; but
six months is better than one year. 1 hold that it
is unwise and unpatriotic to change the law in this
regard, and it shall never be done at least with my
silence or consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then the gentleman wants
to make this bill an embargo, so that when our
vessels go out to Europe with produce, they will
