114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
wc are to be told by a loyal Senator, and one whom
I respect and have confidcncein, that the loyal
people of the loyal States instituted this war. In
vindication of them—in vindication of the brave
spirits who are now prepared to offer up their
lives for their country—I deny the position.
Mr. President, I propose to vindicate another
class—the loyal citizens of the slave States. The
distinguished Senator tells us if we inarch our
armies, and because of the march of those armies,
into the interior of this rebellion, the slaves of
their own volition rally around them; thatforthat
reason there will not be a loyal citizen left within
those rebellious States. Where is the Senator,
where the gentleman who has ever on this floor
or elsewhere urged waging this war as a war upon
slavery? No one. I defy the gentleman to find
such a sentiment expressed upon this floor. The
opinion we entertain, Mr. President, is that this
war should be waged to crush out rebellion, and
let slavery take care of itself. Wc do not propose
that our Army shall be prostituted to the pres-
ervation of an institution which we believe has
caused the war that is now waged, and which
will end the moment the shackles are stricken
from the limbs of the slaves. We protest against
having Union armies used as slave-catchers for
traitors.
Mr. President, the gentleman charges me di-
rectly with having made anti-slavery speeches in
this Hall. My fellow-Senators will bear witness
that i have never before to-day attempted to make
a speech upon any subjcct, 1 believe; and L have
never mentioned before to-day the subject of sla-
very within these halls. And yet, when I say
that, I wish it distinctly understood that I have
lost all my reverence for the institution, and claim
the right to discuss the question. 1 am not ready
to admit that the institution of slavery is elevated
above God's own Word; but I contend that it is a
subject that we can discuss here and elsewhere.
If die gentleman from Vnginia expects this war
to be waged for the preservation of slavery, he
will find, in the opinion of your sp.eaker, that the
sentimentexprossod by the minister of Great Brit-
ain, that " this is a war for dominion on the one
side and power on the other/5 will be verified. If
this war is to be waged without having in it one
single sentiment of freedom, however slight, I fear
for the result; for, Mr. President, there will then
be nothing in it to inspire that enthusiasm which
is necessary to drive forward our armies to vic-
tory.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr CARL1LE. I wish to understand the
Senator. Do i understand him that the great
question of preserving the Constitution and the
Union, and maintaining the integrity of the Re-
public, is less calculated to excite the enthusiasm
of a free people, than a crusade against the insti-
tution of slavery in the slave States?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Enthusiasm is under-
stood by the distinguished gentleman from Vir-
ginia as well as by others. I declare here that
you never can instill into the citizen soldiery now
upon the field that enthusiasm which is necessary,
so long as it is understood that this war is without
a purpose. It is that of which we complain, that
it is without a purpose: so that ministers of the
first Government of earth are compelled to declare
that it " is for dominion on the one hand and
power on the other/' Is there a Senator here, is
theie any one within the sound of my voice who
does not know that if we had written on our ban-
ner "freedom," to-day, we should have had vic-
tories gained,and instead of being threatened with
armies and navies from Great Britain we should
have had the sympathies of that entire people?
Wage this war for the crushing out of the rebel-
lion, and let such an emanation from hell as the
institution of slavery take care of itself; if it per-
ishes, let it perish; and when it is announced to
the woild that this institution has pcushed, fiec-
dom will smile upon and God will strengthen us.
I have detained the Senate longer than 1 in-
tended. We ask only that this wavnuiy be waged
without reference to the institution of slavery. If
the slaves rally around our Aimy,lct themcomc.
in the words of an order issued by a much ma-
ligned and slandered force, " all loyal persons,
without le&rence to color, sex, age,or condition,
who seek protection within your lines, must be
protected and treated kindly." That is our motto.
With that motto, we believe that the institution
will not survive the war, and that peace will be
made permanent for our children by the removal
of the cause of the war.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The resolution, as intro-
duced by the Senator from Kansas, I would have
voted for as a resolution of inquiry; but after the
reasons which have been stated for its passage, I
shall not vote for it, and I will state briefly why
I shall not.
I came here thinking that we had grave busi-
ness to transact in the maintenance of the integ-
rity of our Republic, and that we were sent here
as Senators to counsel about the difficulties before
us. Those difficulties have been carefully pre-
sented by the heads of Departments and by the
President himself, and well presented. With re-
gard to the war question, all has been said that
the chief of the Government could say. I do not
think there is any one in the Senate better in-
formed than himself, and I do not believe that even
the Senator from Kansas has mastered the war
question, although he is a master of information
as to the volunteer service. I have been disposed
to think that the chief Executive of the Union
and the commanding general of the armies of the
United States understood the war problem better
than 1 did. They have devoted themselves to it,
besides, perhaps, being infinitely more competent.
As a Senator, I have not had the opportunity,
and it has not been my office, to devote myself to
it. 1 wish now to state that for myself I protest
againstthcintroduction into thisCongrcss of ques-
tions foreign to onr great business. Let us coun-
sel here about matters that belong to council and
legislation, and what belongs to our own depart-
ment, and not undertake to be generals and lead-
ers in the fields of war. If the gentleman, occu-
pying his proper command, chooses to make
movements in Kansas, let him direct his officers
properly; let him marshal his legions; but we do
not want a Kansas war in the Federal Senate; nor
do we want instructions or advice from the Sen-
ator, or from any Senator, as to how this great
problem—too great for any one man—is to be
solved. For myself, I have not been able to en-
tertain an opinion as to the conductof this war; I
have only hoped that the Government might be
able to secure an opinion, and, having secured an
opinion, be able to act upon it.
I rose in my place simply to protest, and I pro-
test now in tins Congress, and in this Senate,
which is a war Congress and a war Senate, against
transacting business that is foreign and alien to
us. I wish simply to discuss those matters of
legislation which are demanded by the exigencies
of the country.
Mr. RICE. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
resolution read. 1 do not know what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Raolred, That the Secietary of War be requested to fur-
nish to tin' Senate copies of the orders directing the ejection
of ban neks and other buildings tor winter quaiters for the
Kansas tioops.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to lay the resolution
on the table. 1 do not know any reason why we
should call for this information in regard t.o the
troops of Kansas any more than in relation to the
troops from other States. If we commence in-
quiries of this land, there is no telling where they
will end.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I introduced the res-
olution for the purpose of having an opportunity
to make a speech.
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I supposed. I
move that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
volunteers' families.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Allans and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 84) to provide for allotment certificates
among the volunteer forces, have directed me to 1
report it back with an amendmentas a substitute 1
for the original bill. I should like to have it put i
on its passage to-day. It is of great importance ,
that it should be passed at the earliest possible
moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered 1
as in Committee of the Whole. The amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs was to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and to insert:
That the President of the United States shall appoint for
each State having volunteers in the United States service
not exceeding three peisons, who *>hall be authorized by
the President's commission to visit the several departments
of the Aimy in which volunteers from their te-peetive
States may be, and there pjocure from said volunteer?-, from
time to time, their respective allotments of their pay to their
families or fiiend&, duly certified in wilting, and by tliem,
or by some commissioned officer of such department, at-
tested in pursuance of such orders as may be made foi that
purpose by the Secretary of War; and upon wiueh certified
allotment* the seveiai paymaster shall, at each legular
payment to troops, give diafts payable m the city of New
York to the ordei of such persons to whom said allotments
were or may be made.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the persons ap-
pointed as commissioners to carry into effect the preceding
section of this act shall leceiveno pay or emolument* what*
everfiom the Tieasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the fifth section
of the act of 12th June, 1858, giving sutleis a hen upon the
soldiers' pay, be, and the same is hereby, repealed ; and all
lemulations giving sutlers lights and privileges beyond the
rules and articles of war be, and the same are hereby, ab-
logated.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the second
section of the committee's amendment, so as to
provide thauhe commissioners shall receive $2,000
per annum, but no mileage. 1 fully approve the
purpose of the bill, and hope it will pass. I shall
vote for it even if the amendment which I have
proposed be not adopted; but I desire to say a
word in connection with this amendment.
I hear all around me gentlemen from the densely-
populated States in the Northeast say that there
are persons in their vicinity who are perfectly
willing to perform gratuitously the duties that will
be imposed on these officers. I have no doubt that
is so, because there are people of immense wealth
and of humane sentiments there who are willing
to devote themselves to this particular branch of
duty; but whilst this war is not very oppressive
upon some sections of the country, it is exceed-
ingly oppressive upon that section of the country
in which I have the honor to reside. We are the
only portion of all the loyal States that feel the
effect of this war oppressively. The result is that
there is no money in the Northwest; there is no
man there who is able to devote his time and his
money to the performance of such a duty as this.
Whilst men who own the lailroads in the North-
west are making fortunes out of this war by the
transportation of our produce, we are receiving
nothing in fact from it. I say frankly that 1 do
not believe three men can be found in the State in
which I live who, however strong their disposi-
tion may be to perform the duties that may be
imposed upon them under this bill, have the means
to do it, and who can do it in justice to theircred-
itors and their own families.
Mr. RICE. As the State of Minnesota is sit-
uated somewhat as Iowa is, I wish to say that I
believe the chaplains of our regiments could be
appointed, and would perform the duties to the
satisfaction of the State and the volunteers; but if
that cannot be done, I think that in Minnesota,
as poor a State as it is at present, there are benev-
olent gentlemen who would devote the time neces-
sary to perform the duties prescribed in this bill.
I should object to the bill, and should vote against
it, it the object were by a money consideration to
invite men to undertake a charitable office.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will not press this amendment. I think it may
endanger the passage of the bill. I regard it as
of vital importance not only that the bill should
pass, but that it should pass forthwith. Many
persons have written to members of the commit-
tee in regard to this matter. Benevolent individ-
uals are willing to engage in it; persons who are
inteiested arc willing to contribute towards pay-
ing their expenses; and while it may be some-
what difficult to find three persons in Iowa who
may be willing to give their own time and pay
their own expenses, 1 have no rio'ubt that individ-
uals can be found who arc willing to give their
time, and that many others would be willing to
contribute something to their expenses. I think
thewhole woik may be done, certainly in the next
sixty days, and possibly within thirty days.
Therefore I hope the amendment will not bo
pressed, but that the bill as reported by the commit-
tee will pass. It has been considered at two or three
meetings; a great deal of time has been devoted to
it; and its passage will contribute, I have no
