1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
doubt, to the families of the volunteers, hundreds
and hundreds of thousands of dollars for their
support during the winter.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read the third
time. It was read the third time and passed.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask whether a motion be
necessary to take up the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which allusion has been made?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) It has been so decided this morning.
Mr. FOSTER. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of that report.
Mr. BROWNING. I understood the Senator
from Kansas to ask that it might be postponed
until his memorial, which it seems is in process
of being printed, is furnished to Senators. I think
the request is one of that reasonable character that
we ought to be very willing to accede to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on taking up the report.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
The Secretary read the resolutions reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, as follows:
Resolved, That James II. Lane is not entitled to a sent
in tins body.
| Resolved, That Frederick P. Stanton is entitled to a seat
in tlus body.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from Kansas
wishes to postpone this matter, I certainly shall
interpose no objection. I deem it my duty to
bring it to the attention of the Senate. If the Sen-
ate think it ought now to be postponed longer, in
order that a memorial on that subject may be
printed, I shall not oppose it. 1 merely bring the
matter to the attention of the Senate, deeming that
to be my duty, having charge of the report from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have said that I
should like to have the memorial, for the reason
that I gave the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the subject be postponed
until to-morrow—at what hour?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should think one
o'clock.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 33, with a view of fixing a day for its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 33) to suppress insur-
rection and sedition, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a bill that was con-
sidered somewhat at the-July session, and upon
which a discussion took place. It is a bill, 111 my
judgment, important to be enacted into a law. I
think it a bill of very considerable importance. It
involves some of the questions which were dis-
cussed yesterday, and provides for regulating by
law the powers of military commanders and others
in this crisis. I do not ask for action upon it now;
but I move that it be postponed until the day after
to-morrow, and be made the special order for that
day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI VOLUNTEER MILITIA.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the rfecietaiy of Wai be directed to inform
the Senate wtiat, if .my, authntiu was conferred upon the
provisional Governor, oi oilier authonties of Missouri, to
enroll, organize, arm, equip, suppott, and pay the volun-
teer nulma of that ftate ; when and bj whom wa> such
authoiitv eontened; how mam militia weie thus oigan-
ized and ofliecivd: when, where, and how to be emplojed,
and in what manm-i to be paid.
EXPENSES OF TIIE ARMY.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the .Seeietary of War repoit to the Sen-
ate : l.The nam'1 of each person in the United State*,
holding th-> iaiik oi ni.ijm yeneinl; ill- - date of their appoint-
ment, and flie scivice in winch they were engaged at the
time of then npposntnienl, and whethei they now hold
position m the reguhu or volunteer service. ;2. The name.
rank, and full pay and emoluments of each person serving on
the staff of each major geneial; the date of their appoint-
ment, and the scrvice in which they were engaged at the
time of their appointment; together with the age of each,
and the rank and corps of each who may have been ap-
pointed from the regular army. 3. The number of persons,
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates serving as
abody-guard or escort to either or all of the majorgenerals;
also the number detailed from any branch of the service to
attend upon the headquarters of each majorgeneral- 4. The
number, location, and rent ofauy and all buildings occu-
pied by the respective major generals, and the members of
their staffs, as places for the transaction of public business,
and for which the Government pays the rent. 5. The names
of those doing the duty ofmajoi generals, without the rank,
and whether their compensation is according to their offi-
cial iaiik or the duty they are discharging.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
from Minnesota that the second branch of his res-
olution has already been provided for. I submit-
ted a resolution yesterday which covered the same
ground precisely as the second branch of this res-
olution. I suggest, therefore, that that be omitted.
Mr. "WILKINSON. I am willing that it shall
be omitted, ifit be covered by the other resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so mod-
ified.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to hear the words
proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
2. The name, rank, and full pay and emoluments of each
person reiving on the staff of each major general; the date
of their appointment, and the service in which they were
engaged at the time ottheii appointment; togethei with the
age ot' each, and the rank and corps of each who may have
been appointed fiom the regular Army.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
RECESS FOR CHRISTMAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following resolution from the House of
Representatives:
In House of Representatives, December 16, 1861.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the House
adjourns on Thuisday next, it adjourn to meeton Monday,
the 6th day of January next, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it lie on the
table for the present; it is obviously not yet quite
time to consider it.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesday, December 17, 1861.
The Hou^e met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of joint resolution
No. 11, inttoduced by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] as the unfinished busi-
ness, on which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Harding] was entitled to the floor.
PROVOST COURT OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to yield me the floor for a moment that I
may call the attention of the House to a jomtrcs-
olution which I am instructed by the Judiciary
Committee to report back.
Mr. HARDING. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back to the House
joint resolution H. R. No. 19, m relation to prop-
erty held by the provost court of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, with a recommendation that it do pass.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was reported back.
It authorizes and requires the provost couit
of Alexandria, in the State of Virginia, to retain
and safely keep any property now*n its custody,
taken as the property of persons engaged in or
aiding the rebellion against the United States, until
further action of Congress touching the final dis-
position thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM moved the previous question
on the engrossment and thiid reading of the joint
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
plain question ordered, and under its operation the
joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FLOTILLA ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to give way to me for a moment
in order that I may report back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs a communication from
the Secretary of War in relation to a flotilla on
the western waters.
Mr. HARDING. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report favor-
ably on the object of this communication, but the
committee thinks it should be appropriately re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Committee on Military Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject; and it was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
THE MORNING HOUR.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to suggest to the House
that unless we reserve a morning hour, preceding
thisdiscussion of the unfinished business,thecom-
mittees will be blocked up, and will not be able to
proceed with their business. The morning hour
has always, in previous sessions, been reserved.
A number of committees have reports to bring
before the House. I therefore suggest that after
to-day the unfinished business shall not be taken
up till after the morning hour.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana to modify his motion so as that the
unfinished business will be taken up at two o'clock
each day.
Mr. COLFAX. It is better to make it after the
morning hour.
Mr. COX. I think that two o'clock is better.
There is a great deal of preliminary business to
be done, and we may adjourn on Thursday.
Mr. COLFAX. We do not know that we will
adjourn on Thursday.
Mr. COX. No; but we may. *
Mr. COLFAX. I make the motion that the
unfinished business be taken up after the morning
hour.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I shall object,
unless the gentleman shall so modify his motion
as to make it operate after to-day.
Mr. COLFAX. I am perfectly willing to do
that. I do not desire to cut off the gentleman
from Kentucky, if he wishes to go on now.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that this proposition is to apply to all unfinished
business, or only to the question now before the
House?
Mr. COLFAX. To the question under con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition being introduced and acted on now?
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman from
Kentucky would allow me to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means two bills, that they
may be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARDING. I decline to yield for that
puipose. SLAVE PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is joint resolution H.R.No. 11, on which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] is
entitled to the floor.
The resolution is as follows:
Joint resolution jelative to the right and duty of the Pres-
ident in regard to persons held a  slaves in any military
di&tiiot m a state of insurrection.
Rcsohed by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America m Congress assembled, Fitst.
That, m behalf of "the people ot the«e State?, we do njjain
solemnly declare that the war in winch we are now en-
paged against the insurgent bodies now in arms against the
Government ha^foi its object the suppression of such rebel-
lion and the reesmbhsbment of the aghtful authority of the
national Constitution and laws over the entire extent of
oui common eoumiy. Second That while we disclaim
all power under the Constitution to inteiicre, by ordinary
legislation, witii tiie institutions of the several States, yet
tiio war now existing must lie conducted according to the
