THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHIN#TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 3, 1862.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the further consideration of the bill was
postponed until the second Wednesday of Decem-
ber next; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS SHIP CANAL, ETC.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. At the request of several
gentlemen I ask to have entered a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the House laid upon
the table the Illinois canal bill, with a view to
move that the further consideration of the subject
be postponed until the next session.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
THE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I report from the Committee
of Ways and Means the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 423, making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of
June, 1863, with the recommendation of concur-
rence in some and non-concurrence in others, and
I ask that they be now considered.
« First amendment:
Add the following:
Provided, That the preserved meat forming part of the
Navy ration may be prepared and packed under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, if he shall deem it advis-
able ; and that the cattle or fresh beef therefor may be pur-
chased und r Ills directions, and from this appropriation ;
and that he be authorized to do whatever else may be ne-
cessary for the procuring, preparing, and packing said pre-
served meat in the most approved and advantageous man-
ner j the expense for machineiy and tools to be defrayed from
the last named sum, and not to exceed $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 4, at the end of the sixty-third line, strike out
II three," and insert "six;''so that it will read:
For clothing for the Navy, $600,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
In hue eighty, 4th page, insert the following:
For iepair«., painting, and raising the roof of the Navy
Department building, finishing and furnishing the same,
$20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
After line eighty-nine, on page 5, Insert the following:
For the support of five hundred and eighty men author-
ized to be enlisted forthe marine corps by the President of
the United States,on the22dofNovember,18Gl,$74,76740.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth and sixth amendments:
On page 6, line one hundred and thirty, strikeout" fifty"
and insert " one hundred;" and, in line one bundled and
thiitv-three, strike out " ninety-three" and insert " thirty-
two," and after the word" thousand" insert" thirty-two;"
bo that it will read:
Navy-yards.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
Foi machine shop and smithery, fitting and furnishing
the same, reservoir, capstan for sheets, quay wall near land-
ing, extension of storehouse No. 11 one hundred feet, re-
pairs and increase of ordnance machinery and shops, and
repairs of all kinds, $232,032.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Seventh and eighth amendments:
Page 6, line one hundred and thirty-four, insert, after the
word "null," "and building," and strikeout the words:
"provided, That the patentee shall not receivc more than
ten per cent, on the cobt of the aforesaid mill for the use of
the patent, not to exceed $1.000;" so that it will read:
For futtock saw-mill and building, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Ninth and tenth amendments:
Page 7, lines one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred
and forty, and ono hundred and forty-on«, strike out the
192
words "spinning machinery, boiler house, and chimney
for ropewalk and yarn mill;" in line one hundred and
forty-four, strike out" one,"and insert " two;" in line one
hundred and forty-live, strikeout" seventy-nine," and in-
seit "fifty-three;" and in line one hundred and forty-six,
strike out Xi seven," and insert "five;*' and strike out
" and forty-eightso that it will read:
Boston:
For paving and draining at new shops; coal house for
foundery, smithery, and for other purposes; reservoir and
steam pump, or pipes forCoehituate water; water closets;
repaiisand increase ofordrmnce machinery and shops, and
repairs of all kinds, $-253,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
On page 7, strike out the following:
For the purchase of land and wharf adjoining the navy-
yard at Charlestown. Massachusetts, owned by Oakman &
Eldridge, and extendiugfrom Charles river to Water street,
and containing about one hundred and twenty thousand
square feet, $123,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In the absence of the gen-
tleman representing the districtin which Charles-
town is located, I desire to say that the chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks insists that the
yard at Charlestown is necessary, and that the
amendment ought to be sustained. The question
was considered when it was before the House, and
it was stated that unless this extension was made,
vessels cannot be launched from that yard with-
out trenching upon the premises proposed to be
purchased. If it be intended to build vessels at
this yard, this purchuse ought to be made.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand that the commit-
tee recommend a concurrence in striking out the
appropriation for the purchase of this property.
The SPEAKER That is the recommendation
of tlie committee.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand, Mr. Speaker, that
this property is needed in order that we may be
able to use some portion of the yard which wc
now have. It will be a great saving of expense
to the Government if this property is purchased.
The wharf lays at a point where the vessels of the
Government can be coaled at n very much less ex-
pense if we have this property than they can gow
be coaled; for they are now obliged to transport
the coal from one point of the yard to another in
consequence of a deficiency in wharf room. I un-
derstand, also, that the property is offered at a fair
price; that itis offered for what it is worth, which
1 consider to be a somewhat remarkable fact con-
sidering that it is the Government that is about to
purchase. 1 know it is the opinion of many per-
sons well acquainted with this property that it is
really worth more for private use than the price
fixed upon by the owners as that at which they
arc willing to sell it to the Government.
I know, still further, that the chief of the Bu-
reau of Docks and Yards feels that it is very ne-
cessary that the Government should make this
purchase at this time. The Government are to-
day actually in the use of it. They have found
themselves obliged to have it for use, and they
have, for the last six months, been using it con-
stantly. 1 hope the House will not concur in the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 7, lino one hundred and fifty-five, insert after "saw-
mill," the woids "and building;" so as to make the clause
read:
For futtock saw-mill and building, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Immediately following the clause last quoted, strike out
the following proviso:
Provided. That the patentee shall not receive more than
ten per cent, on the cost of the aforesaid mill for the use of
the patent, not to exceed $1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 17, line one hundred and sixty-two, strike out the
words "addition to office building, quay walls."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend concurrence in the amendment, with an
amendment to strike out only the words " addi-
tion to office building;" so that the clause shall
read:
For dredging channels, building and repairing scows,
rebuilding long dock, repairs to ship houses, quay walls,
extension of sewers,
The amendment was concurred in, as modified
upon the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 8, line one hundred and sixty-three, strike out the
words " yard drainage."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 8, line one hundred and strike out the
words "extension of smithery."
The Committee of Ways $nd Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 8, lines one hundred and sixty-nine and one hundred
and seventy, strike out " $35,322," and insert " $20,846,"
reducing to that extent the appropriation for various repairs
at the New York navy-yard.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 8, line one hundred and seventy-one, strike out the
following appropriation for the New York navy-yard:
For a cylinder for roasting coffee, $400.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 9, lines one hundred and eighty-nine and one hun-
dred and ninety, strike out, in reference to appiupnauon
for Mate Island, "$196,352," and insert " $230,285."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Page 9, immediately following the last amendment, strike
out the following proviso:
Provided, That no expenditure for completing officers'
houses shall be incurred until complete plana and specifi-
cations, with estimates of cost in detail.'shhll be fuml-hod
to and approved by the Secretary of the Navy, and the woik
shall be done by contract after due and public advertise-
ment for proposals; but no portion of tins appropriation
shall be expended unless the woik can be completed forthe
sum hereby appropriated.
The Committee of Ways mid Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Page 9, line two hundred and five, strike out the woid*
"twenty-seven and three hundred and fifty-five thou-
sandths acres of land on so as to make the clause read:
For purchase of Seavey's Island, adjacent to the Kittciy
navy-yard.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Page 9, line two hundred and seven, immediately follow-
ing the above amendment, strike out" $14,500," and un-ert:
Provided, The Secretary of the Navy can procure a fcati*-
factory title to the whole thereof, $65,000.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hairjpshire. I move
to amend the amendment of the Senate by adding
thereto this proviso:
J}nd provided further, That if a satisfactory title to the
whole of said island cannot he secured for said Mini ot
$65,000 within three months from the passage of this act,
then the Secretary of the Navy may proceed and pnichase
such paits of said inland as can be purchased for fail pro-
portional parts of said sum.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not quite satisfied with
that,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wsuld like to under-
stand about this. This is spending a great deal of
