-1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
tain the same opinion. I confess, sir, that I do
not comprehend it. All the power of legislation
that Congress possesses is derived from the Con-
stitution, gra^'^d by the Constitution, and the
power of emancipating slaves is not included.
However much I may desire to see the last ves-
tige of slavery disappear from the continent of
* America, I can do nothing to accomplish thatend
which is prohibited by the Constitution which I
have solemnly sworn to support.
To ask the President to proclaim emancipation
to the slaves, is to ask h im to usurp a power which,
in the existing state of things, he does not pos-
sess. To ask Congress to do it, is to assume that
Congress may, and is willing to, disregard all
constitutional guarantees, and transcend all con-
stitutional limitations. A state of war does not
justify the civil power in abrogating constitutions,
nor in violating the rights of person or property.
The right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness, is as inalienable in the citizen in time of
war as in time of peace; and the tenure by which
he holds his property is the same, and as invio-
lable by the civil authority amid domestic commo-
tions as in the hour of greatest tranquillity and
prosperity. It ought to be practically as well as
theoretically true that a Government neither can
nor will do a wrong. Its duties to its loyal citi-
zens remain unchanged, and their rights of person
and property are, m these turbulent times, as
effectually under the panoply of the Constitution
as they were before treason engendered conspir-
acy, and conspiracy culminated in rebellion.
In regard to those in arms against the Govern-
ment, the primary effect of the war is to extinguish
all intercourse and to place the belligerents in the
condition of enemies, and the Constitution and
municipal laws have nothing to do with our deal-
ing with them. But a proclamation, as a Ihw, in-
tended to emancipate the slaves of those who have
committed 110 offense against theGovcrnment, and
when no overmastering public necessity exists
for so radical a measure, would bo manifestly un-
just and indefensible. It would be confounding
loyalty and treason, and inflicting a punishment
winch ought to be visited upon crime alone, where
no crime exists. If dnected against the rebels it
would he little more, than a bravado, for however
much wo may declare by proclamation or resolu-
tion or statute that their property shall be confis-
cated, no confiscation will ensue until we can act-
ually seize the property and enforce the penalty;
and when we are in a condition to do that, neither
proclamation nor law of Congress nor resolution
will be necessary. Confiscation will be as well
accomplished without them as with them, and, in
any event, they would be meaningless and inop-
erative. They are not necessary to give the right
to despoil armed rebels of their property. That
right already exists, and they will add nothing to
the power of enforcing the right. If we have not
the strength and material ability, which aie the
things needed, mere paper manifestoes will not
give them.
And when another class of persons ask Con-
gress to interpose in an especial manner for the
benefit ot slavery, and to make the war a war for
its protection, above and beyond the protection
given to other interests, they, too, ask what ought
not to be granted, and what there is no power in
the Government to grant. We are here foi no such
purpose. The Army is marshaled upon hostile
fields for no such purpose. It is for no such pur-
pose, but for a far higher, nobler, and more patri-
otic one, we arc giving millions or treasuie, sac-
rificing thousands of lives, and enduring many
heavy burdens not easy to be borne. If slavery
can stand the shock of war and survive, be it so.
If in the conflict for liberty, t he Constitution, mid
the Union, if must necessarily perish, then let it
perish. Whether its fate will be the oiv or the
other, I will not now undertake to predict. If it
lives ivith the country and the Constitution, all
loyal men will accord it the sa me rights hereaftei to
which it was entitled heretofore, if it dies/br the
country and the Constitution, no patriot tongue
will complain, no patriot heart wili grieve.
AgncniHu-e, manufactures, commerce, lanusand
tenements, goods and chattels, the implements ot
industry, and the products of induMiv. e\eiy
branch uftrade. and < vm y species of propel ty, are
common to ail the brutes, a'-id to fu<'p"Op!«, of u!l
the SlaVx, saving and exc; M.nvery alone.
That alone i« annun'ou ->• ji alone is if\<\\l • find-
ing its sanction, the charter of its existence, in lo-
cal laws only, and circumscribed to a local hab-
itation. Itdoes not acknowledge itself amenable
to the Constitution and laws of the General Gov-
ernment. They cannot regulate or control, mod-
ify or abolish it. Its condition is fixed by the laws
of its domicil, and whatever that condition is the
laws of Congress cannot change it. They claim
no power over it in the States where it exists. In
times of peace it is independent and defiant of na-
tional legislation. Let it maintain itsindependcnce
now if it can; but it has no right to come to the
national Legislature and demand especial interpo-
sition in its behalf, and ask thatespecial privileges
and protection may be accorded to it We have
neither right nor power to grant such demand. It
is not our mission to take care of slavery, but of
the country. Let us take care of the Army; let
the Army take care of rebels and traitors, and let
slavery take care of itself. This is not a war for
the abolition or extirpation of slavery on the one
hand, nor for its preservation, maintenance, and
perpetuation on the other; but for the suppression
of rebellion, the punishment of treason, the pres-
ervation of the Union, the maintenance of the
Constitution, and the restoration of the just au-
thority of the Government over all its territory
and all its people.
In the conduct of the war slaves stand to us in
the relation of property, and to be dealt with as
other property; if belonging to loyal citizens, to
be respected by the Army, and protected by the
laws; if belonging to rebels, and coming within
the grasp of the Army, to be seized and confis-
cated and applied to our own uses in the best way
in which they can be applied to weaken the en-
emy and to strengthen ourselves. But it is not the
business of the Army to catch and return slaves
even for loyal citizens. That is no part of the
war power. Our free and gallant soldiers are not
to be put to such base uses. A general has no
more right to detail a soldier or permit a soldier
to run down, catch,and returnastraynegro, than
he has to detail one to run down, catch, and return
a stray horse, ox, or a pig. The loyal owner, in
either case, has a i ight togo and take his property
whoever he can find it, and the Army vshould inter-
pose no obstacle m his w ay. Neither should it turn
aside from its high and important duties to the
country to give him aid . 1 f he needsassistance he
must apply to the civil power. The law makes
ample provision. Would the commanding officers
of the soldiers of Kentucky consent that t heir brave
followers, who have volunteered their services,
who are giving their treasures, and offering their
lives in fighting the battles of freedom for our be-
loved country, should, m the face of the enemy,
be turned away from their noble and heroic^vork,
and debased to huntmgand returning stray horses,
mules, and cattle for the people of Illinois? Never,
sir; never. They would break theirswords, and
trample upon their epaulets, before permitting
the gallant men they commanded to be used for
such ignoble work. Nor, sir,wril I ever consent
that the equally gallant and patriotic sons of Illi-
nois shall be mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States to become negro-Hunters for any one.
But let me not be nnsunderstood. 1 conccdethe
right, to the fullest possible extent, of every loyal
citizen to the same protection from the Constitu-
tion and laws for his slave property now that he
had before this lebelhon broke out. The General
Government possesses no more power now, and
claims no more power now, to emancipate the
slaves of loyal citizens than it did before the re-
bellion began,unless it shall become an inexorable
necessity to do so for the success of the great cause
111 which we are engaged, and on which the very
life of the nation depends. Then,and in thatevent,
it would possess and might exercise the power as
a war power, over slave property as over all other
property of all citizens, to take it and destroy it,
or use it in any way which the extremity of the
Government might make neccssory and indis-
pensable for the suppression of the rebellion, the
maintenance of the Union, and the 1 establishment
of the authority of the Constitution and laws. But
in all such cases it would be both the duty and the
pleasure of the Government to make just and fair
compensation to the owner, whatevr theprop-
f rty was, whether negroes, hor&es, cattle, goods,
and chattels, or any ot In r th 1 \)~s over which man
may have dominion, and of which, he may be the
owner,
The main object of the war is to put down re-
bellion and upfiold the Government, and all indi-
vidual interests, whatever they are, are subordi-
nate to this great object, and must yield, for the
time being, to the necessities which it imposes.
Does any one doubteither the power or the duty
ofacommandmggeneral to seize the horsesand cat-
tle of loyal citizens, to burn or demolish the houses
and devastate the fields of loyal citizens, if these acts
become indispensable to the success of our arms,
to, prevent defeat or secure victory ? Only in case
of dire extremity may this be done, but when that
extremity comes itmust be done. And is there any-
thing more sacred about slave property than other
property ? Is there anything so sacred as to exalt
it above the preservation of the Constitution and
the Union? anything so sacred as to make its
preservation the primary object of the war, and
the preservation of the Union and the Constitu-
tion only secondary and subordinate? No, sir;
let the reestablishment and maintenance of the
Government be the first, the grand, and central
object, and all other things secondary and subser-
vient. Guard, protect, and defend the rights, and
all the rights, of person and property compatible
with the success of the great cause, but if they
stand in the way of success they must be thrust
out of the way, and if the negro stands in the way
of success, he, too, must be pushed aside.
True, loyal-hearted men are willing to, and do,
give up all their individual interests and pursuits
and contribute with open and unstinting hand
the accumulations of the industry and frugality
of their best years to promote the welfare and
secure the triumph of the holy cause in which
we are embarked; and shall the negro be with-
held when he becomes necessary to the same end ?
Nay, more: they give their lives. Our brethren
of Kentucky, Tennessee, and other slave States,
stand front to front with the rebel foe, bare their
breasts to the messengers of death, and bleed their
lives away upon the gory and ensanguined field
to uphold the venerated banner under whose folds
our fathers fought, and save it from dishonor by
traitor hands. Shall the vital drops that gush with
the patriot heart's last pulsation be freely given,
and the negro only withheld Is he more precious
than the life's bestblood of husband, father, son,
and brother? Can these all be immolated without
a murmur in a cause that must be holy to claim
such* sacrifices; and can the heroic heart that,
without grudging, can make these sacrifices hes-
itate and faker and tremble and start like a
guilty thing upon a fearful summons," when the
hand is outstretched towards the negro to sacrifice
him in the same holy cause? Is he more than the
moans and sighs of widows and orphans that fill
the air, and their hot tears that bedew their pil-
lows and their hearthstones? Is he more than
our homes, filled with slaughter, and smoking and
smouldering m ruin around us ? More than over-
thrown temples and desecrated altars? For all
these things wegiveand bear with a fervency and
fortitude that would have done honor to the no-
blest Roman of Rome's most glorious day. And
shall we stait back affrighted and aghast only
when the hand is uplifted to strike the fetters from
the slaves who give to rebels and traitors their
strength ?
No, IVlr. President; no ! I will do our patriot
brethien of the slave States no such cruel wrong
as to believe it possible that they will, with sub-
lime heroism sacrifice home and family and friends
and fortune and all that is dear and precious to
human affection; all that sanctifies the memories
oftlie past, and gilds the hopes of the future in this
sacrt ct cause; and lose all the nobleness and man-
hood and the dignity and glory of patriotism, to
retain, amid the death-throes of the country, a
clutch upon slavery. It is not so; it is not so. In
the name and for the honor of my native land,
whose past histoiy is radiant with the evidences
of her devotion to freedom and to constitutional
government, and with deeds of romantic daring
in defense of human rights; in the name of the
land whose green pastures and stately forests I
first beheld; whose atmosphere I first breathed;
endeared to me by the most cherished memories
: of childhood and youth and early manhood, and
1 sanctified by the graves of mylo\ed ones, J pro-
; test that it is not so. No, sir: it is not so. When
i the hour and the necessity come for choosing be-
I tween ilia unity alid glory of the country and the
suimre'^inn of rebellion and the honor of our flag
