1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
was very important, if not absolutely necessary,
for the profitable working; of the yard. I* make
tbis statement to show why the appropriation has
been increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the transaction
exactly as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
stated it. It was thought at that time that twen-
ty-seven acres of that ground would be sufficient
and that this part of it could be conveniently pur-
chased, while the remainder of it could not be. It
is now proposed to purchase the whole Island for
$65,000. When the subject was first brought be-
fore the attention of the House, it was not even
suggested, nor did the letters from the Navy De-
partment that were read, intimate, that there was
any necessity to purchase more that the twenty-
seven acres. I have made this statement for the
purpose of asking whether the reason for this re-
markable state of things and for this subject being
pressed so pertinaciously upon the House, and
the reason why so many letters have been written
about it by gentlemen connected with the Navy
Department,is not that some person prominently
connected with the Navy, either in the Navy De-
partment or Government service, has either di-
rectly or indirectly some interest in the island and
is interested in the sale of it to Uie Government?
I am informed that such is the case. If so, the
fa^t ought to be made known to the House, and if
not, it is due to the gentlemen connected with the
matter, that the insinuation should be repelled.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a statement with regard to this matter as I
understand it. TheSurveyorGeneralof theNavy,
Dr. Whelan, in an examination of the navy-yards
along the coast last fall, recommended certain ap-
propriations for hospitals, and among the rest an
appropriation of $20,000 for the erection of a hos-
pital at the Portsmouth navy-yard. That was the
original proposition on which all the discussion
has arisen. When the question came up on the
first appropriation bill, the gentleman represent-
ing the district in which that navy-yard is situ-
ated, on representations and suggestions of a com-
nutteeofc)tizensofPortsmouth\vho came on here,
introduced a proposition to purchase thesetwenty-
seven and thiee hundred and fifty-fivethousandths
acres of land on Seavey's Island, which is the land
referred by the gentleman from Indiana, and which
is owned by the wife of an officer in the Navy.
This land adjoins a creek dividing the navy-yard
from Seavey's Island.
in an examination of all the navy-yards some
years ago by a board appointed for that purpose,
the advantages of the purchase of Seavey's Island
wen: set forth and were strongly insisted upon,
so that this is not a new project, nor is it one not
considered by the Navy Department. On a for-
mer occasion I had that report here, and I am
sorry I have it not here now. It set forth sundry
stiong advantages for purchasing thisSeavey's
Island; among the rest, that the island is diviued
from the mivy-yaid by a very narrow channel;
that the storehouses and fixtures of the yard are on
the channel, and that by erecting buildings from
the opposite shore to the center of the stream, there
would be much danger from fire and various other
causes to the storehouses and buildings of the
navy-yard. On these representations, the House
agreed to purchase these twenty-seven acres of
land for $14,500. They were ied to this very much
by the consideration that it was improper to plac*
an hospital on the grounds of the navy-yard, for
the reason that if the hospital should be occupied
by patients having any dangerous or contagious
disease, all operations m the yard would be at
suspended, and the Government could not
continue work in the yard however needful it
might be. Placing a hospital there would very
s( nously embarrass the operations of the yard. It
was stated and shown, on that occasion, that there
was no navy-yard in this country, and probably
none m any other country, that "had an hospital
situated within its walls, and that it would be
dangerous and improper to have it so.
For that reason among others—that one oper-
ating very strongly upon me—the Committee on
Naval Affairs agreed to recommend the purchase
of this land. The proposition was agreed to by
the House, but the Senate has amended it by pro-
viding for the purchase of the whole island, for
this reason among others, that by an act of Con-
gress, passed a few years ago, the inhabitants
of the island have secured a right of way ncross
the navy-yard grounds, with a bridge across this
creek or channel; and that it is very desirable the
Government should be at liberty to put an end to
that. Gentlemen have purchased property on the
island and built houses on it. The property is
yearly increasing in value, and by and by the
continuance of this bridge and right of way will
be a serious annoyance to the Government. The
chief of the Bureau of Docks and Yards, as has
been said here by a gentleman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, examined it last fall. There
is correspondence on the subject from various offi-
cers connected with the Navy, and from former
superintendents of the yard, all advising very
strongly the propriety of purchasing this island,
or at all events of purchasing such part of it as
adjoins the navy-yard premises.
The Naval Committee of the Senate, after a full
consideration of this matter, came to the conclu-
sion that it would be wiser and better to purchase
the whole island, rather than purchase this part of
it. The sum agreed to be paid for this part of it was
§14,500; but the person owning it has agreed, with
the other owners of the island, to reduce his price
proportionately. The offers obtained amounted
in the aggregate to seventy-four or seventy-five
thousand dollars, but the owners, with theexcep-
tion of two gentlemen, have agreed to reduce their
prices proportionately, so that the island can be
purchased for $65,000. In that estimate are in-
cluded the prices of the two who are not willing
to sell—$2,000 for the one and $1,500 for the other
—and the object of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New Hampshire is to enable the
Government to purchase the island, with the ex-
ception of these two lots, at a proportionate price,
which brings it to something like sixty-two or
sixty-three thousand dollars.
It strikes'me, Mr. Speaker,that it would be wise
to agree to this amendment, and that it would
be also wise to concur in the amendment of the
Senate; for if yon refuse to concur in the Senate
amendment, you are still, by the bill as it passed
(he House, and which cannot be altered, com-
pelled to purchase the twenty-seven acres at the
sum of $14,500, and but a short time will elapse
before Congress will be called upon to assent to
the propriety of purchasing the lesidue of the
island at a very greatly enhanced price. That is
my judgment concerning it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York if it is made imperative on the Secre-
tary of the Navy to make this purchase, and I
also ask him what officer of the Navy it is who is
interested in this island, and to what extent?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand that the wife
of one of the officers of the Navy is the owner of
these twenty-seven acres, or of the principal part
of that land.
Mr. HOLMAN. Who is that officer?
Mr. SEDGWICK. That officer is the chief of
the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing. I now
move the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be moved until there has
been a little more consideration of this amend-
ment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I think it has been dis-
cussed sufficiently.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That may be the
opinion of the gentleman who has just addressed
the House. It is usually the opinion of a gentle-
man at the close of his own speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a minute or two.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will withdraw the de-
mand and yield to the member of the Committee
of Ways and Means who desires it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to that.
I object to a gentleman holding the floor, and then
farming it out to whoever he pleases.
, Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 yieldthefl oor to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, nevertheless.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had recognized
the gentleman from Vermont before the gentleman
from New Yoik moved the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, it is not, per-
haps, important to notice the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.] But I
can hardly conceive why I should have been so
specially referred to by him in connection with
the vote I gave upon the bill which was recently
laid on the table by a vote of the House, for which
a majority of the House voted.
Sir, I am in the habit of voting upon every
measure here strictly upon its merits, without
reference to the merits or disposition of any other
measure whatever, and without reference to the
way or manner the votes of other gentlemen may
have been given. I am not in the habit of calling
members to account for their votes, for I suppose
such votes always to be given in good conscience,
and that those who give them understand the mer-
its of questions which may for the time be under
consideration, quite as well as myself. I arraign
nobody. Each member is accountable to himself
and his constituents.
In my judgment, the refeience which has been
made to this canal question by the gentleman from
Illinois in connection with the amendment before
us, is not specially in good taste; nor is it marked
by the usual good judgment of the gentleman
from Illinois; and the remark of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,] it seems to me,
comes with still less grace. Why, sir, the meas-
ure to which he alluded passed the other branch
of Congress by a vote of thirty-two to seven, and
passed this House by a majority of ninety to
twenty-five; and it appears to me that it is not
altogether modest for the gentleman from Wis-
consin to suppose that he has more wisdom than
three quarters of one House and four fifths of the
other. It is my practice to submit when there is
a majority of even one or two or three against
me; and when the majority is three or four to one,
it is hardly respectful to seek repeated occasions
to curse the decision of the House.
Mr. POTTER rose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must decline
to yield the floor. I am merely replying to what
the gentleman said. I have no objection that gen-
tlemen shall take any course in debate they may
see fit.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must decline
for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman speaks
of my impugning his motives. I wish to disclaim
any such intention.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must decline
to yield the floor. I was proceeding to say, in
reference to the remark of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, that I do not see any particular wit
in repeating three or four times what has no wit
in it when it is repeated once alone. [Laughter.]
Now, in relation to the measure which has re-
cently been defeated in this House, I desire to say
that 1 was not committed against the ultimate pas-
sage of such a bill by this House; but I am in
favor of an investigation of the facts preliminary
to entering upon a work of so much magnitude,
so that we may know whether the thing is prac-
ticable or not; so that we may know how much
money it will cost, and in what time the work can
be completed. I am unwilling to support the
measure under any other circumstances, and can-
not vote now for any proposition going beyond
the procurementof such facts as I have indicated.
Now, sir, the idea of voting for the purchase
involved in the amendment under consideration
because it is for the benefit of New Hampshire is
utterly preposterous. It is not so much for the
benefit of New Hampshire as it is for the benefit
of Illinois, because there are not so many people
in New Hampshire as there are in Illinois. I am
for it because it is a national matter; and if it is
not a national matter it ought not to pass. 1 am
not for it because it is for the benefit of Kittery or
Portsmouth, but because it is for the benefit of
the nation at large.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The only consid-
eration that will govern my vote in this matter, is
whether the appropriation proposed is necessary
and proper, whether it is necessary and proper to
purchase this island for the use of the navy-yard,
and other considerations I think ought not to in-
fluence the vote of any gentleman present.
I have listened with some degree of attention to
ascertain whether any reason could be given for
the increase of the appropriation which was ori-
ginally passed by the House for this purpose, and
I confess that I have failed to hear anything which
has satisfied my mind that there is any state of
facts existing now which did not exist, which
could not have been fully considered, and which,
