1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2098
subversion of it. There may and have been many
such violations without producing that result, it
was because they were only partial in their char-
acter, leaving the great principles on which it rests
unimpaired, and because the judicial tribunals
afforded redress. But the subversion of slavery,
the destruction of one of the most important do-
mestic institutions of a large number of States,
can only be.affected by assuming principles which
lay at the foundation of our whole system of gov-
ernment, and which will be fatal to it. It can only
be done by declaring that the States shall no longer
have the control of their domestic institutions.
This right of each State to the exclusive con-
trol of its internal affairs is essential to our sys-
tem; it is the chief merit o£ our Government; it is
the principle on which ihc welfare and happiness
of the people chiefly depends. Our Government
is the first example in the history of the world in
which extensive territories were united with good
government in its most remote parts. Remote
delegated power has always been abused. Inter-
ests remote from the seat of government have al-
ways been neglected. In ours alone have Territo-
ries the furthest removed from the central power
enjoyed all the advantages of good government.
This has been because all of the interests of each
State, on which the happiness of its people pecu-
liarly depends, were under the exclusive control
of that State. Take away from the States this
power of controlling their domestic institutions
and you destroy that part of our system which
gives to our Government its greatest value—the
security and protection which all our citizens enjoy
in their private rights.
With this example of the subversion of an im-
portant domestic institution of fifteen States, an
institution on which the prosperity of many of
them almost exclusively depends, who could ven-
ture to fix a limit to the powers of the Federal
Government? Who could regard the domestic in-
stitutions of any of the States held by any other
tenure than at the pleasure of the Federal Gov-
ernment?
These gentlemen—to place it beyond all doubt
that their purpose is to subvert the Constitution—
do not pretend that our Government has not the
power, without this expedient, to put down this
rebellion. They admit that the military power is
adequate for this purpose. They do not, there-
fore, claim that these acts of emancipation are
necessary to restore the Union; but they contend
that our Union can never be harmonious but by
the subversion of slavery, and that this is a suf-
ficient reason for it. In other words, they say
that the framers of our Constitution, the defenders
of it to this day, the greatest and best men our
country has produced, have all been mistaken;
that the Constitution is not adapted to the end for
which it was designed; that we cannot have a
perpetual Union under it, and that it must be
changed to suit their views.
Thus have we to contend with the enemies of
the Constitution in arms against the Govern-
ment, and its enemies here/, the one striving to
dismember our country, the other to subvert its
institutions. Of the two, I consider the latter the
most pernicious. For the first seek but to with-
draw from the Union, leaving to those who re-
main a system of government which, with con-
tracted limits, is still the most perfect ever devised
for the well-being of Us citizens. The latter seek
to destroy the institutions on which the welfare
and happiness of the people depend. The Union
to which they are attached is the territories of our
country. Their love is measured by square miles.
To preserve these, they are willing to sacrifice
everything which makes our Government valu-
able. The true friend of his country is he who
loves it bccause of the blessings it bestows upon
the people; because of the security it gives for all
their lights. He loves it because he believes no
system of government ever has been or can be
devised which has or will so effectually secure all
the objects of government. IIis attachment was
the same before as after the acquisition of the ter-
ritories which have been obtained in the different
periods of our existence. The lessons of devo-
tion to the Union, given by the Father of our
Country, were as impressive to him when we had
but thirteen States, as now when we have thirty-
four.
I have listened in vain for an explanation of the
means by which the abolition of slavery is to aid
in suppressing the rebellion. 1 can conceive of
but two ways by which the power of restoring
the Union can be increased. One is by adding to
the power of this Government, the other by-di-
minishing the power of those who oppose it. Will
this measure add to the strength of the Govern-
ments this contest? You have already the active,
zealous support of the abolition party. You can
get no inciease of strength from thatsource. You
have all parties in the free States, many of whom
arc opposed to the abolition party. You have be-
sides Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and part
of Virginia, slave States, giving you effectual aid
in putting down the rebellion. You have in ad-
dition to these, large numbers of Union men
throughout the southern States ready to aid you
in restoring the Union when they can do so, and
opposing, so far as they can with safety, the con-
federate government. What accession of power
can the overthrow of slavery give you? There is
no party in the South favoring this project who
these measures would bring to your aid. In op-
position to all schemes of emancipation the people
ofthe South are withoutdivision. The non-slave-
holdmg, the laboring classes there, are, if pos-
sible, more hostile to such schemes than any other
class, for they regard all efforts at emancipation
as an attempt to make the slaves their equals, and
resent it as an effort to degrade them.
Such measures must also add enormously to the
expenses of the war. As you set the slaves free
you must provide for them. You cannot letthem
starve. They have never been accustomed to take
care of themselves. Humanity would compel you
to take care of them. Your policy will impoverish
their former masters, and they cannot employ
them. You must take the land, too, as well as
the negroes, to enable the negroes to make their
living. You must take the stock, also, by which
the farms are wotked. In fact, these schemes of
emancipation beget the necessity for transferring
a great part of the property of the South from the
white race to the black. Otherwise, emancipation
will but doom the negroes to starvation. In the
process of converting them to a condition in which
they can supportand defend themselves, you must
incur enormous expenses in maintaining them, and
keep up large armies to defend them.
While you are doing this, you are demoraliz-
ing your armies. You would disgust them with
the odious task of general confiscation. They
would peril their lives reluctantly to exalt this
wretched race on the ruin of their fellow-citizens.
When they have been trained to this wholesale
system of plunder, they will have become fit in-
sti uments for the destruction of every right exist-
ing in our country. While you are doing this,
you will drive from you many zealous supporters
of the Government. The power you diaw from
the slave States and from the conservative element
of the free States will abandon you in disgust. So
much for the effect these schemes of emancipation
will have upon the power of this Government in
suppressing this rebellion.
What effect will such measures have upon the
confederate States? In the place of a divided pop-
ulation you will have every one in the South uni-
ted against you. You will animate them with the
energy of desperation. Their leaders will hail
these schemes as the greatest boon that could be
granted to them. They would pioclaim them in
every house in the land, and every man would
eagerly rush to the field to resist the advance of
your armies. They would then need no impress-
ments to recruit their armies. Your armies would
no longer be welcomed by loyal citizens. Deso-
lation would meet you ateverystep. You would,
by these measures, not only unite the people of
the whole South against you, but you would draw
to their aid many who are now yourzealous allies,
and bringdown upon yourselves the exectation of
mankind. It seems strange that any one should
feel called upon to answer seriously a scheme so
absurd as an expedient, so monstrous in iniqui-
ty, so utterly ruinous to our country, as that of
abolishing slave i y. I can with difficulty conceive
that any one here seriously entertains such a
scheme. Yet there are many measures presented
to this House which only will not produce all
these results because they are limited in their
operations, but to the extent of their opeiation
are liable to the objections I have presented; and
members on this floor often, by their arguments,
would lead to the conclusion that they are pre-
pared to carry out this measure of abolishing sla-
very to its utmost limit. ' '
It is no new thingfor heated and contracted par-
tisans, in periods of greatexcitement, to imagine
that the object of their special hostility is inimical
to good government. Every form of governfrieftt
has been at times sodenounced,and their subver-
sion insisted upon. Every form of religion has,at
different times, been declared by its enemies hos-
tile to the well-being of society. In the French
Revolution Christianity, even,was so pronounced
by the apostles of liberty. It has often happened
that the most mischievous theories have been ad-
vocated under the guise of philanthropy. The
perfectibility of the human race was a favorite
theory of those who brought about the horrors of
the French revolution, and drove the people of
France to seek refuge from their sanguinary atro-
city in a military despotism.
It is not true that slavery is adverse to the Union.
It has existed in almost every country on the
globe, at some period of its history, without dis-
turbing the peace of the Government. It has ex-
isted from the foundation of our Government, and
never before disturbed our institutions. The slave-
holder during the whole period has vied with the
non-slaveholder in patriotism and zeal for the in-
terests of our common country. Many of them,
at the outset of this rebellion in the South, strug-
gled nobly against the storm of secession, and
only desisted when compelled by violence.
That the attachment of the people of the SoutH
to the institution of slavery was one means of
uniting the southern States in this rebellion is true.
But it is so because those who sought its subver-
sion enabled the politicians in the South, the con-
spirators in this rebellion, to alarm the people as
to the objects of this Government; because by
circulating such speeches as are frequently made
on this floor and elsewhere, urging the abolition of
slavery, they led many to believe that the party
now in power, of which these men arc members,
were determined to use the powers of this Govern-
ment to destroy slavery in the States.
Property holders are always averse to internal
dissensions, and slaveholders more so than any
others, because that species of property is more
precarious.
Those who attribute this rebellion solely to the
influence of the slavery question take a very con-
tracted and a very erroneous view of the subject.
It has grown out of a number of causes, all of
which combined were necessary to give it its pres-
ent magnitude. There has been for many years
in the southern States a very active party who
have contended that this Union was burdensome
and oppressive to them, and that by withdrawing
from it, and establishing an independent govern-
ment, they would enjoy a far greater degree of
prosperity. They reasoned that their trade, which
now enriches the northern cities, would be drawn
to their own sea-ports, and create great seats of
commerce in their own limits; that by establish-
ing a system of free trade, they would realize as
much more for their productions as the tariff im-
posed by the United States increased the cost of
their imports. They contended that an average
tariff of fifty per cent, on their imports in effect
was fifty per cent, taken from the price of their
produce with which they purchased these imports,
and that this went mainly to enrich the northern
States at their expense. I do not say that this is
true. But it was believed by many in the South;
and they believed that they would enjoy a far
greaterdegrceofprosperityoutoftheUnion. This
kind of reasoning in the southern States had en-
gendered a fcehng of hostility to the Union long
before the slavery question had assumed import-
ance in our national politics. Whether that alone
would have produced a serious effort at dismem-
beimentof the Union, no one now ran say. But
so prevalent was this sentiment in the South, that
I am well satisfied, had there been a free State on
our southern coast, it would have taken sides with
the southern States in this war by the force of this
influence alone. This party found in the abolition
party an ally that effectually cooperated with them.
The abolitionists enabled these agitators at the
South to inspire their people with an apprehen-
sion that the party which wag rapidly gaining the
ascendency in the free States were determined Jo
destroy the institution of slavery. To the joint
efforts of these two factions are we indebted for
the terrible disaster under which our country is
