118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
this point as a matter of justice. I have spoken |
■with feeling, for I am touched with the wrongs
done to General Fremont and to the country.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do notbelieveany
other gentleman, who has been appointed over the
western department, or the department of Mis-
souri, has assumed the authority of the President
to appoint officers of the Army. I know the fact
to be that General Lyon did employ a number of
soldiers who have been denied their pay by this
.Government. 1 know that there are men who
were mustered into the three months'service who
served that time and who were discharged, but
who have not been. paid. It was to cover the case
of these troops that I included the words, " or
other generals of the western department" who
had made these appointments or employed these
soldiers.
Mr. SHANKS. It includes other officers. I
move to amend the bill by inserting the name of
General Nathaniel Lyon.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no sort of
objection to the gentleman's making that motion.
If I could, I would accept the amendment; but I
cannot accept it, as this is a report from a com-
mittee. I will vote for the amendment, however.
Mr. SHANKS. The generals who are still
making appointments can report their own faults
and follies. General Lyon is gone, and I am
wilting to agree to this as due to him.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have nothing more
to say upon this particular bill. 1 have, however,
one further observation to make. In attempting
to do justice to men who have done actual service
to the Government, and brave officers who have
suffered, and many of whom have died in the ser-
vice, I did not expect that the issue with regard
to John C. Fremont would be made upon this
floor. I do not care at this moment to meet this
question. I do not care to meet it while wc are
considering a measure of justice to men who have
earned it from the Government. But, sir, I give
gentlemen notice that whenever the appropriate
occasion arises, and they desire to bring that mat-
ter up, I shall be ready to meet them.
Mr. SHANKS. We accept the invitation.
Mr. COLFAX. I regret that my friend from
Missouri has spoken with feeling on this matter,
becausc he knows very well that this is one of the
questions which we will have to meet here ulti-
mately.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no disguise or conceal-
ment. The country understands the gentleman's
position, and my constituents understand mine;
and without any temper or bad feeling I intend at
the proper time to vindicate my own conviction
upon this subject, without any unfriendliness to-
wards my friend whatever, for he well knows
that, although 1 differ with him in regard to the
department of the West, 1 have not adopted any
of the controversies of the gentleman who was in
command of that department. My relations, there-
fore, with the gentleman from Missouri are as
friendly as they ever were, and I trust as they
ever will be. 1 expect to vote for this bill, but 1
doubt whether I will give a correct vote. I saw
what purported to be the copy of an appointment
made by a Mr. Sweeney. The gentleman, per-
haps, knows better about it than 1 do. lie was,
I believe, a colonel commanding, and he appointed
five men with the rank of major, as aids-de-camp.
Mr. BLAIB, of Missouri. Was he a general
in command of his own department?
Mr. COLFAX. I have given his name. Per-
haps he was acting as such. We have heard
much about a general acting under the President
with plenary powers making irregular appoint-
ments, but I have never heard a word against this
inferior officer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not want the
gentleman from Indiana to misunderstand the bill.
The bill only provides that those officers appoint-
ed, and those troops employed, by the command-
ing general of the department shall be paid. It
does not provide for General Sweeney's corps of
majors, unless he was in command of the depart-
ment at the time these appointments were made.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the gentleman
that I intend to vote for the bill, but I was giving
some reasons why i doubted somewhat whetherit
was right.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wanted to remove
the gentleman's doubts.
Mr. COLFAX. I only state that the bill is ex-
traordinary. It seems to refer to only one gen-
eral by name, as if he alone had appointed offiq^rs.
I want to say to the gentleman from Missouri, <
and to the House, that I may not be misunder-
stood, that I have held for months that it was the
duty of this great country, and of every loyal
man in it, when we send out our generals at the
head of our armies and put them in the face of
the enemy, to stand by them with all our heart
and soul, with all our strength and mind. It is
our duty to stand by them while they are there;
but at the same time it is the right and privilege
of the Administration to make and unmake gen-
erals when they please, and 1 am the last man to
complain of any action either in making generals
or deposing them, as the Administration sees fit.
But I would rather, if I had been in his place,
that General Fremont should have been removed
two months before he was than to have the tele-
graph daily upon my track when in the field and
m the face of the enemy. It happened to be a
singular conjuncture that nearly all complaints
have been aimed exclusively at him. If the Ad-
ministration loses confidence in a general it is their
duty to remove him at once and to appoint another
general. So I have also to say in reference to the
attack upon the general commanding the army of
the Potomac.
Mr. DiVEN. I rise to a point of order. Itis
that this discussion upon the merits of our gener-
als is not pertmenttothe bill underconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill before the House
opens a wide field of discussion, and the Chair
will endeavor to confine gentlemen within the rules
of order.
Mr. COLFAX. I will relieve the gentleman
from New York, and will postpone my remarks
upon that point. 1 did not intend at this time
to say anything. I will only say now, as the
Speaker rules me in order, that I trust that now
and henceforth, as we have got our generals in the
field, wc will stand by them with all our hearts,
whether we like them particularly or not; and
when the Administration says we have a general
they do not like, let them remove him. If we are
going to fight the enemy and put down this rebel-
lion, it will not be by stabbing our generals in
the back.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Sir, the gentleman
from Indiana found it necessary to lecture me for
deprecating exactly what I understand him to dep-
recate. I deprecated the introduction of this topic,
especially as it was to be made use of to prevent
an act of justice to men who had fought for their
country, and been in actual service. The gentle-
man lectures me for it, and then does the same
thing himself. I move the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman withdraw
the demand for the previous question a moment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman supposed that
in anything I said I intended to lecture him, I de-
sire to disabuse his mind of that impression. I
simply spoke in reference to the proposition as
prompted by my feelings at the time; and as I
occupy a position somewhat different from his, I
thought it not inappropriate to express my opin-
ion; but if he thought I was lecturing him, I will
say he was entuely mistaken.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to suggestan amend-
ment to the bill. I desire to move to strike out
the words " whether mustered into actual service
or not."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot yield for
that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This evidently
is an important bill, it embraces several subjects,
and it is impossible for the House to understand
it, unless it is printed. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Missouri whether he had not bet-
ter make a motion to postpone the consideration of
the bill until to-morrow, at one o'clock, and have
it printed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am willing to act
upon the suggestion of the gentleman. I desire
! speedy action upon the bill in order that we may
| do justice to these men. I move that the bill be
i printed, and that its consideration be postponed
| until to-morrow at one o'clock, and upon that
j motion I demand the previous question.
i The previous question was seconded, and the
| main cjuestion ordered to bo put; and under the
■ operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
DIPLOMATIC APPKOPMATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported a bill making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER announced, as the next busi-
ness in order, reports from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill in regard to
the enlistment of minors, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
ALLOTMENT CERTIFICATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the same com-
mitte, also reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 132) to provide
for allotment certificates among the volunteer
forces.
The bill provides that to each State from which
volunteers have been or shall be accepted by the
President under the act of July 22, 1861, entitled
"An act to authoiize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property," there shall be assigned by the
Paymaster General one or more paymasters now
in theservice, who shall reside in such State, whose
duty it shall be to receive "and distribute to the
respective families or friends of such volunteers
from said State such portions of the pay of the
volunteers, respectively, as they may allot in pur-
suance of the above recited act; and who shall
give bond for the faithful performance of then-
duties under this act; that the President shall ap-
point for each State having volunteers in the ser-
vice three persons, to serve withoutpay, who shall
be authorized by the President's commission to
visit the several departments of the Army in which
volunteers from their respective States may be,
and there procure from the volunteers from time
to time their respective allotments of their pay to
their families or friends, duly certified m writing,
and by them, or by some commissioned officer of
such department, attested m pursuance of such
ordeis as may be made for that purpose by the
Secretary of War, and upon which certified allot-
ment, so procured and attested, the family or
friends of the volunteer making the same may
draw such portions of his pay as he may therein
request; and that the persons appointed as com-
missioners to carry into effect the provisions of
the act shall receive no pay or emoluments what-
ever from the Treasury of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latte r motion was agreed to
BOUNTY TO SOLDIEKS.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 135) to amend
the act of July 20,1861, granting ti bounty of §100
to certain soldiers who have enlisted in the armies
of the United States.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Has the bill been
engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have a bill
pending already making ample provision upon
that subject.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
