2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB,
now laboring. These two parties together formed
but an insignificant part of oar whoie population,
but what they lacked m numbers they made up
by artifice. They each sought the association of
the dominant party in their respective sections, and
managed by means of party machinery to bring
to their aid large numbers who abhorred their
purposes. .
For all the influence that slavery has had in
producing this rebellion, the abolitionists, and
they alone, are responsible. They, by their per-
sistent attacks upon it, enabled the conspirators
in the southern States to create a general alarm
among the people there on this subject, and to
bring this feeling to their aid. But all these influ-
ences combined would not have been sufficient
to have caused a serious outbreak had there not
been a generally prevailing opinion, North and
South, that this Government was unable to main-
tain itself and enforce its laws against any seri-
ous resistance from the people. Our people, of
late years, had got to believe that submission to
the Federal Government was a mere favor to the
Government, to be thrown oil at their pleasure.
This impression had been growing for years. It
exhibited itself in 1832 in resistance to the tariff,
and more recently in the expeditions fitted out
publicly, in defiance of this Government, to in-
vade foreign countries at peace with us. It exhib-
ited itself in the public countenance given to the
-violation of the laws against the African slave
trade, in the successful resistance to the fugitive
slave law, in the outrages in Kansas, in the sym-
pathy publicly expressed and the encouragement
given to the John Brown raid. These examples
had encouraged men to believe that they could
resist, with impunity, the action of this Govern-
ment. Had they not believed this, this rebellion
would never have occurred. Does any one be-
lieve that the feeble State of South Carolina would
have boldly set this Government at defiance, had
she realized the power it has since exhibited in
compelling submission to its authority ? The Gov-
ernment itself is to blame fqr encouraging a spirit
which has nearly led to its destruction. With this
spirit prevailing, insurrections must have occurrcd
at some time.
Gentlemen charge this rebellion to slavery, and
contend that no other cause could have produced
such results. I tell thorn that contempt for the
power of the Federal Government was the cause,
and that the slavery question, combined with other
influences, only brought it into action; that so long
as this feeling prevailed the tranquillity of the
country depended on the caprice of parties, and
that had not the questions in the late presidential
election called it into action, other causes of dis-
satisfaction would; that sooner or later our Gov-
ernment had to pass through this ordeal; that when
it has established its power to maintain itself, then,
and not till then, can we hope for permanent tran-
quillity; that when it has passed through this trral
successfully, the slavery question and all other
questions will be harmless; for then they will be
confined to the legitimate sphere of party action.
When the Government is reestablished, this ques-
tion will doubtless figure as an element of party
politics, and much heat will grow out of it; but it
will be as harmless as other questions dividing
political parties.
Governments must be feared. Ours has hith-
erto relied upon the attachment of the people, and
their sense of duty; and certainly, if benefits be-
stowed could secure the permanency of institu-
tions, we should have had nothing to fear. But
the result has proved that a new element is neces-
sary, and that element will be impressed in this
rebellion—fear of its power. Without it no Gov-
ernment can be permanent, or can discharge its
duties. 'People must learn that resistance by arms
is hopeless, or appeals to arms will become habit-
ual, and we shall shaie the fate of the Governments
in Mexico and South America.
In aid of this fooling, and to enlist a class who
would not engage in lawless violence, the doctrine
has for years been industriously disseminated in
the southern States that a State had a right, at its
pleasure, to secede. The conventions held in the
southern States were not to them a'mere farce.
Those who took pait in them, many of them, be-
lieved, and the people acting under the forms of
law were led to believe, that they were exercising
a right. They did not believe that their action
was a declaration of war against the Union; they
did not believe that they were to bring upon them-
selves the present mighty conflict, with all the
evils that have accompanied it. It was the opin-
ion of most of them, that in deciding upon seces-
sion they were exercising a right which this Gov-
ernment had no right to resist. In this they were
encouraged by the action of our own Govern-
ment. For the larger part of the southern States
had Organized themselves into a complete govern-
ment before anything was done which could ex-
cite a serious alarm that their action would not
be peacefully acquiesced in.
When we add to the influence of these causes
the facts that this rebellion has been in a state of
preparation for years, that it had the control of
the War Department of i his Government for eight
years preceding the outbreak, and by this means
transferred to the southern States a large part of
the best arms of the country, while it disarmed
those sections which they had leason to fear would
oppose their efforts; that it demoiahzed our Army
by corrupting its officers; that it established
throughout the South a secret military organiza-
tion, penetrating every neighborhood, which put
down by violence and intimidation all resistance
to its power; that itexcited a sympathy through-
out the Union by the false pretense that itsauthors
but aimed to obtain greater security for their rights
in the Union; that by this pretense they were en-
abled to involve their people in the rebellion before
many of them were aware of their purposes, and
even secured the acquiescence, if not cooperation
oft his Government, until they had completed their
organization and perfected all their plans; that
they availed themselves of the excitement growing
out of a heated political canvass to hurry their
people to a point from which they could not re-
cede—wc shall find reason for surprise, not at the
magnitude of the rebellion, but at the power which
this Government has been able to call into exist-
ence so promptly for its suppression. There is
no example in history of any Government resist-
ing an internal commotion of such magnitude.
The most powerful Governments of Europe have
sunk under assaults far less formidable. On the
failure of this rebellion, we shall have no cause to
fear future efforts to destroy our Government by
violence. It will settle forever its power to main-
tain itself against internal violence, and none will
ever again venture to resort to it. If we are en-
abled to pass*through this trial with our Consti-
tution unscathed, terrible as arc the evils which
have been brought upon us, we shall not have
paid too high a price for our future security.
I know that counsels of moderation from mem-
bers from slave States are considered by some on
this floor as evidence of sympathy for this rebel-
lion. The interest which Missouri has in slavery,
never very great, has become through the efforts
of its pretended friends too insignificant to con-
trol in any important respect her future policy.
In no State is resentment against this rebellion
and its authors more intense than among the
Union men of Missouri. They have suffered
more than the people of any other State, and while
exposed to all the dangers of the strife in their
midst have had steadily before them the certainty
of confiscation and exile if the rebellion were suc-
cessful. But while they have just cause for re-
sentment, and while they will shrink from no
seventy necessary to put down this rebellion, they
know better than those not situated as they are
the causes that have brought this state of things
upon us and the effect your laws will have. They
know how the efforts of the abolition party here
are used to fan the expiring embers of the rebel-
lion there. They know that it will lead to fatal
errors to suppose that this rebellion can be put
down by force alone, if the rights of the people
are to be disregarded. They have seen eighty
thousand Federal soldiers in Missouri distributed
in commanding positions, and having the aid of
the railroads to traverse the State with rapidity,
while there was but an inconsiderable force of the
enemy in a remote section, unable to protectloyal
citizens from plunder and violence within a few
miles of then* camps; and 110 officer or small de-
tachment could venture out of sight of their camps
with safety. This was m a State where a large
part of the citizens were loyal. You may destroy
their armies, and the people if encouraged to re-
turn to their peaceful avocations will do so; but
if driven to desperation, you can only enjoy the
country by depopulating it. The whole power
of this Government cannot restore peace in any
other way.
Many gentlemen seem to think that by attach-
ing additional penalties to the crime of treason,
they will contribute to the suppression of this re-
bellion. In my opinion, it has not grown out of
any defect in the criminal laws, and no change
in those laws will at all aid in suppressing it. It
is because you cannot enforce the laws now on
your statute-book that this rebellion exists.
When you can enforce them, this rebellion will
have ceased. The evil will have passed before
the remedy can apply.
No one holds in greater abhorrence the crime
of treason againstthis Government than Ido,and
no punishment would be too severe, in my opin-
ion, if it contributed to prevent it. But penalties
which cannot be enforced until resistance has
ceased, but protracts the resistance, by inspiring
those who are subject to it with an additional
motive for continuing their resistance.
I admit that when'the rebellion is suppressed,
and you have established your power to enforce
the ciiminal laws of the country, additional pen-
alties may tend to preventa recurrence of the evil.
But if you enact laws which are to apply before
that time, you stimulate resistance, and you do
great injustice, for you punish those who are con-
strained by the power that defies you. You should
protect men in observance of the law before you
punish them for violating it. This rebellion is
now on the wane. Our armies are rapidly estab-
lishing the supremacy of the Government. It is
in our power to bring down upon the authors of
these evils the bitter resentment of their own peo-
ple, or to make them, in their estimation,patriots
and martyrs; to extinguish forever the rebellion,
or to establish a deep-seated hatred to our Gov-
ernment, ready to break forth in hostility to it on
some other occasion. To do this it is only ne-
cessary that we should preserve the Constitution
of our country inviolate.
DISTRICT BILLS.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced bills of the following titles;
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia:
A bill to extend the charter of the Washington
and Alexandria Railroad Company, and for other
purposes; and
A bill to authorize the corporation of George-
town, District of Columbia, to lay and collect a
water tax, and for other purposes.
PENSION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 438, to
grant pensions. Amendments are pending moved
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Goodwin,]
and the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. Goodwin's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the woids " who is a widow so that it will
re:id:
Sec. 3. Jliulbe it farther enacted, That where any officer
or other peit-on named m the first section of this act shall
have died subsequently to the 4th day of March, 1861, or
shall hereafter die, by reason of any wound received or dis-
ease contracted while m the service of the United States,
and in the line of duty, and has not left or shall not leave
a widow nor legitimate child, but has Jelt or shall leave a
mother, and who was dependent upon 3)im for support, in
whole or in pait, the mother shall be entitled to leeeive the
same pension as such officer or other person would have
been entitled to had he been totally disabled; which pen-
sion shall commence from the death of the officer or other
person dying a  aloiesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Wood's amendment was read, as follows:
Add the following:
JPioviilerf fuithcr, That notlungherein contained shall be
so construed as to entitle such oiphans to more than one
pension at the same time under the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to add the follow-
ing:
And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner of
Pensions be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint a special
agent for the Pension Office, to in the detection of
h«md-> against the pension laws, and to cause persons com-
mitting such frauds to be prosecuted, and to discharge such
oilier duties as said Commissioner may requne him to per-
form ; which said agent t-hail receive for Ins services an
annual salary of and his actual tiaveling expenses
incuiu'd in the discharge of his duties shall be paid by the
Govei u uieut.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word in regard
