THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Xiet all our generals, everywhere, understand
that it is their duty to act upon it, and that they
are expected to perform that duty. No legisla-
tion is necessai'y to this end. Without an actual
and existing state of war no legislation could
create or authorize the exercise df this power,
and when war begins the right and power both
begin with it. They spring out of the war, and
are incident to it, and do not wait for legislation
to bring them into existence. They are of the
v^ry essence of the war power, and, as already
remarked, they existed prior to the Constitution,
and independent of the Constitution and the laws
enacted by legislative bodies. They inhere in,
pertain to, and spring out of a state of war. They
are a part of the constitution of nations, and no
war ever was or ever will be prosecuted without
their practical assertion.
I have always supposed the object and purpose
of war to be to kill, destroy, and spoil the enemy
in person and property to the full extent that was
necessary to subdue him and attain the end for
which the war was undertaken. Where, sir, will
you find m our Constitution or statute laws any
authority for our soldiers to kill and slay in bat-
tle? Yet who .doubts the power, the right, and
the duty to do so? War without the purpose, in-
tention, and effort to do so, would be but a mag-
nificent farce. It would be a misnomer to call if
"War. *It is equally a misnomer to call that war
where the great object of solicitude with one bel-
ligerent is to save and protect the material of war
of the other from damage and (j^struction. The
term war, ex vi termini, means violent, crushing
death and destruction; and when before in the
history of nations did a people with six hundred
thousand men in the field, ejger and panting for
the fray, and the life of the nation in peril so immi-
nent that nothing but a succcssful blow struck m
its defense could savn it from death; when be Cum,
1 ask,did a people, under such circumstances, ever
pause upon the eve of battle to inquire whether,
if the blow were struck, the opposing hostile hosts
might not sulfur by the loss 0£ destruction of
property, and quibble upon the absence of written
laws and constitutions to justify the act? Such
authority—the authority of written constitutions
and laws—is no more neeessaiy to vindicate ilie
seizure and confiscation of enemy's propeity than
it is necessary to vindicate the slaying of enemies
themselves. Both powers pertain to a stale of war,
independent of constitutions:,and the only inquiry
which we need make is, whether the Constitution
imposes any limitations or textiictions upon their
exercise,or whether ourstatute laws at nil modify
the laws oY war in this regard, or deny to us, m
actual war, the assertion and benefit of any of our
belligerent rights. The statutes, 1 believe, are
silenton the subject,and theonly limitation which
the Constitution imposes upon thcrxei c,is>o of any
war power is that contained m the third article of
the amendments to the Constitution, which pro-
vides that—
" No soldier shall, in time of pea^r-, bo quartered in .my
house, without the consent ot the ownei, nor ui lane of
war> but in a manner to be prescribed Inj law."
Is not the implication, from this provision, as
strong as it can well be made, that but for the re-
striction thus imposed, soldieis might, by virtue
of the war power, in time of actual war, be quar-
tered in any house in any manner which the com-
manding general might see lit to direct? Is it not
a distinct recognition of the fact that all preex-
isting war powers continued to exist, notwith-
standing the Constitution, only in so far as they
were modified by this clause of the Constitution?
But even this is not a limitation of hdhgetont
lights. Belbgeient riahts aie those which jrruw
out of the war, and which regulate the dealings
of the belligerents with each other, and with neu-
trals; but have no relation to the dealings of the
belligerent Governments with their own cifizi ns
or subjects. War powers and belligerent rights
are by no means synonymous.
The clause of the Constitution abov quoted does
not impair, diminish, modify, or restrict any bellig-
erent right. It does put a limitation upon a war
power, but does so for the benefit and protection
of our own citizens, and out of no tenderness to
public enemies, and with no purpose of protecting
their persons or property, or guarding their in-
terests from injury. It will save us some trouble
and perplexity to rcmetnbet that the Constitution
\ras made foi our own citizens, and not for public
enemies; for those who recognizc the Government
as one to which they owe allegiance, and from
which they have a right, therefore, to demand pro-
tection, not for those who have renounced their
fealty,repudiated the. Government,declared them-
selves its public^nemies, and made war upon its
people. Allegiance and protection are correlatives,
and when the one is renounced the other is for-
feited; and 1 never hear, without surprise, argu-
ments drawn from our treatment of publicenemies,
and the confiscation of their property, to prove
against the Government, or any of the officeis or
agents of the Government, infractions of the Con-
stitution. It is from a total misapprehension of
the subject that such reasoning proceeds. They
are matters with which the Constitution has noth-
ing to do. They are altogether extra-constitu-
tional, and the error comes of confounding things
which, in their nature, are totally distinct and
separate—municipal constitutions and laws, war
powers, and belligerent rights. Let them be kept
distinct and separate, separately considered, and
separately and appropriately applied, and the mo-
mentous questions upon us will be disembarrassed
of many of their seeming difficulties.
The problem, " what shall we do with the slaves
during the progress of the war?" although intri-
cate and oppressive, is not beyond the reach of a
just and satisfactory solution. If loyal men will be
content to claim only that to which they are justly
entitled, and accord to all otheis that to which they
are entitled, the way before us will be plain and
simple, and the problem will work itself out to a
result which will be acquiesced m and submitted
to, if not entirely satisfactory to all.
I am anxious to make myself understood on
these questions, and will, therefore, recapitulate,
in as distinct and compact a form as I can, my
views.
1 say, then, Mr. President, that the war which
has been forced upon us is for the suppression of
the rebellion, the punishment of treason, and the
preservation of the Union and the Constitution;
and it is the duly of the Government to use all
lawful and constitutional means within its power
and under its control of every kind and character
to accomplish these ends; to do e\erything that
can be done to weaken the cause and diminish
the means of the rebels; to give protection to the
peisony and the pioperty of every description of
loyal citizens, and to strengthen the cause and
increase the means of the Government for the
vigorous and successful prosecution and speedy
teunination of the war.
Loyal citizens are now as fully entitled to the
benefits, pi otection, and guarantees of the Consti-
tution and laws for their persons, and for their
property of every kind, including slaves, as they
have been at any time since the adoption of the
Constitution,and will be so entitled after the term-
ination of the war ay they were before its com-
mencement. The General Government does not
claim the power, nor will it attempt to exercise
it, of changing the tenure by which loyal citizens
hold their properly; but it has the right to take
any or all the property of any citizen, when the
exigencies of the war make it necessary for the
success of the war and the suppression of th(T re-
bellion; but m all cases where the property of a
loyal citizen is taken, or necessarily lost to him,
or destroyed in the piosecution of the war, just
and reasonable compensation ought to be made
therefor.
The Government has the right and power,and
ought to exercise them, to seize and confiscate all
the property, of every eha! acfer, including slaves,
of those in aimed rebellion against the Govern-
ment, or who may give aid and comfort to those
m arms, so far as such property may come within
the rcaeh of our Army, and so far as its seizure
and confiscation may have any relation to the end
and object of the wai, and mav tend to cripplc
and subdue the enemy or strengthen us,andpio-
mote the success of our arms; and it js the duty
of the Government to exercise this right, and to
apply such property to the uses to which it is best
adapted to aid in the succcssful prosecution of the
war, m defraying its expenses and lightening its
burdens on loyal citizens.
To accomplish this, neither legislation nor ad-
judication is necessary. The power is a war
power—the right is a belligerent right. These
principles are as applicable to slaves as to other
property, and no officer should be permitted to
use the forces under his command in repelling
fugitives from the lines, or in arresting and re-
turning them to rebel masters; but they should
be received, and used in whatever way they could
be made most available and efficient in the prose-
cution of the war; and if any come, whose ser-
vices cannot be made available, let them pass
through the lines and shift for themselves.9 The
Army is not bound to take care of them, an<i can-
not have them as camp followers, to be provided
for at the expense of the'Government. All who
can be advantageously used should be used. Let
them do the drudgery and labor which would
otherwise devolve on our soldiers. Let them open
roads, build bridges, dig ditches and trenches,
erect fortifications, and do labor of every kind
which may be needed by a laige army; and if
need be to save the Government from overthrow,
the country from ruin, and our hfmies from deso-
lation, let them be formed into companies and
regiments, and drilled and disciplined and armed,
to take their chances for wounds and death in the
front of battle.
Let no one be startled from his propriety by this
declaration. I do not make it rashly, but have
considered it well, and comprehend its full import,
I would notdoitnow. The necessity has not yet
arisen. It may never come. I trust in God it will
not; but if it does, I, for one, am prepared to meet
it. But I would not do it now, because it is not
now demanded by the stress of the war, and be-
cause the.measure itself, however urgentand over-
mastering the necessity may be, will still be dis-
tasteful, if not offensive, to our friends in the slave
States; and I would do nothing that was not jus-
tified by the most powerful and cogent reasons,
that was offensive to them. Their situation is pe-
culiar, deheafe, and embariassing; and I appre-
ciate the difficulties that surround them, and am
unwilling, if it can be avoided, to add to the dis-
tress of their position. I want then free, hearty,
and zealous cooperation, and am willing to make
sacrifices to secure it; and if our acts prove the full
sincerity of our words m the recognition of their
rights in this unexampled and distressing emer-
gency, I cannot doubt that they will go with us to
the extremity I have suggested, when events shall
have developed its justice, its humanity, and its
necessity. A distinguished British statesman in
a recent speech, delivered at a time when good men
of both countries were oppressed with painful ap-
prehensions of an approaching collision between
these kindred nations; when bad men hoped for
the collision, and rash men were making it pos-
sible; breasting the storm of passion that raged
around him, and intent upon preserving the peace
of the world and cementing the brotherhood of
nations, and speaking with the strength and power
which tiuth and conscious rectitude give, said of
America:
'■Eighty-five year* ago. about the time when some of our
oldest townsmen weio very little children, tlicie vveie on
the Notifr American continent colonies mainly of English-
men, containing about three millions of souls' Those col-
onies we havescen a yeai ago constitute the. United States
oi Noith -Ameuea, and compiling a population ot'not less
than tliii tv millions of souls. We know that in agriculture
and m manutactuies with the exception of this kingdom,
then.' it- no oonntiy in thy world which may bo placed m
advance with regard to thoie arts of the United States.
Willi icgaid to invention!?, I believe within the la>t thirty
\eai> u e have leceivrd mojc u-etul invention.-, tiom the
United States than we have ieeeived fi om all the countries
ol'Einopc. In thateounhy tlicie aie probably ten times as
manymiie? ot tclegiaph as tlicie are in thiscountiy. There
arc at Jea.it live or six times as* many miles of lailways.
The tonnage of that nation, of its shipping, is at Iea->t equal
tooms. ll n does not exceed ours. The prisons of that
countiy—for even m countnes the most tuvoicd, m) fur,
pi i-oiif are needful—the pu<ons of that count!y have been
model-* loi theothei nation? of Europe ; and many Eiuo-
pean nations and Governments have sent eommisfions be-
}o;m1 tlx Atlantic to impure into the admnablo ty-Mems of
education established universally m their fiee schools
throughout the ltee and northern States. If i weie to 1 peak
o( them in a i CbgiOu^ aspect, i should sa\ thai, u uhm that
peuod oi tune to \\ Inch then -hoit bis4niy goes! baek, there
is notlnnjron the nice ot the eauh. and ne\cr ha? been be-
sides, lo equal the magnificent anangement of chinches
and muu'-ioi-., and of all the appliance-? whu h n>e thought
Ik u'i^uiy ior a nation to teach monthly and (In i>hamty to
the people. Be ule< ail ibn, when f stale ihat for many
yeais past the annual public cxpemltcme of the Govern-
ment oi that eountiy ha- Ix-en t om^whero between t*m and
fifteen millions, i need not perhaps t-avfuithei ; that there
. has exited m that count i\, among all the people, an amount
of comfort and pio-peuh, ot abounding plenty, >ueh as I
behove no other country m the vvotld m any age ha& dis-
played."
True, just, generous, and noble words, wor-
thy of if Christian statesman. Ho might have
