1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
ordered to be engrossed. That is the question
now.
Mr. HUTCHfNS. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. ALLEN. It has not.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I must then object to its
consideiation now.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
bounty of $100, allowed by the act of July 20,
18Glj to persons who have served " two years,55
or " during the war," shall be extended to those
who have been disabled in the service, though
they may not have served during that period of
time.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask to have read a copy of a
letter addressed to the Secretary of War upon an
appeal from the decision of the Auditor to the
effect that the act of July 20, 1861, requires a ser-
vice of " two years," or " during the war," to
entitle a soldier to the bounty of $100 allowed by
the act* It certainly would be unreasonable that
a soldier who enlisted for the war for the full
length of time, and who becomes disabled in the
service by wounds, so that he is no longer fit for
service, and who is discharged from the service
by the voluntary act of the Department, should
be deprived of the bounty which we held out as
an inducement for men to enlist for the required
time. J ask that the letter may be read, and then
1 think that gentlemen will see that the act ought
to be modified as proposed by the bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, September Sli 1861.
Sir : The art ot July 90.1861, requires a seivicti of " two
years," or " daring the war," if sooner ended, to entitle the
soldier to the $100 allowed by said act.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
E. B. FRENCH, Auditor.
Thomas L. Braynard, Esq , New York city.
New York, October 9,1861.
Sir: I would most respectfully appeal to you from the
above decision of the Second Auditor lelative to the claim
of John Dunn, late puvnte ot company G, fifth New Ycwk
volunteer"., for the $100 bounty piovitled by aet of July,
1851, lor those who enlist for " two years,'" or "during the
war." (t being ot gteat nnpoitance that those interested
should at once have the question settled by the highest au-
thority, I take the hbeity to call yoiu attention to said de-
cision. The claimant lor the $100 bounty, having lo->t his
light arm at the battle of ** 13ig Bethel," became disabled
from furtnei seivice, and was honorably dKchatged by rea-
son of such disability, and his term of semce expired by
the law regulating tne dischaigeof those disabled while " in
the line of their duty." I am led to Infer, by the decision
ot the Second Auditor, that the claimant, and all others dis-
abled while m the line of their duty, and discharged from
service for such disability previous to the expuation of the
" two year.-" or "dining the war," are not entitled at all
under said aet, the} not having seived the teim required by
the law. I cannot believe, that it was the intention ot Con-
gicss to deprive the gallant -u>ldicr of hi-- $100 bounty should
lie become disabled in action while in a courageous dis-
charge of his duties. The bounty was no doubt given by
Congress as an incentive to volunteei for the defence of the
country, and to gallantly di^ehaige the duties appeitaming
to the soldiet in the camp and on the battle-field; audit the
decision of the Second Auditoris to be the rule ot the Gov-
ernment, I feat that the "bounty"" ofteied, instead of being
an incentive to action and a stimulant for brilliant seivice,
wiil be looked upon by the soldier as a bonus foi taking the
best possible caie of his lite and limbs, and keep him safe,
without wound or blemish, until the '• two yeais*' or " the
war," for which he enlisted, will expire. Such certainly
was not the intention of Congress, that the soldier disabled
b} his gallant action in the field, and maimed foi life, should
be deprived of the bounty which he has ceitainly earned far
better than he who serves thtough the entire '• two years"
oi "the war," and returns home without a seal to speak
his bravery. I would therefore most lespectfully a&k your
attention to the claim in question.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOS. L. BRAYNARD.
lion. Simon Cameron,
Secretary of War, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Ohio. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman, as a member of the Committee 011 J
Military Affairs, whether this bill applies to the (
soldiers who enlisted for a period of three months; I
and also, whether the class of personscnumerated j
in the bill are not entitled to pensions under the j
laws now m force5 I
Mi. ALLEN. This bill applies to all the per- j
sons to whom the bill passed 111 July lastapplied. (
It is an amendment to that act. I think that act i
does not apply to the three months' men, but the <
gentleman can jndse of the act as well as I can. 1
Mr. VALLAN01GHAM. I move to postpone j
this bill until to-morrow and that it be printed 1
make that motion because the Committee on Pub- !
he Lands reported, some week or ten days ago,a 1
bill upon this same subject, on which the difficulty 1
nought to be removed by this bill has been effect-
ually obviated,and it also provides for the three
months'soldiers. That bill has been postponed
till to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN". 1 cannot see what the Commit-
tee on Public Lands have to do with a matter of
this kind; but I am willing that the bill shall be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the motion to postpone was agreed to,
and the bill was ordered to be printed.
DETENTION OF TilE PERTHSHIRE.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of the owner of
the British ship Perthshire; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to thS order of the proper functionary of
her Britannic Majesty's Government the sura of
$1,000, in full compensation to the owner of the
British brig Perthshire, in consequence of her
detention by the United States steamer Massa-
chusetts, in June last, under the impression that
she had unlawfully evaded the blockade of the
port of Mobile.
Mr. COX. I now ask the attention of the
House to the letter of the Secretary of State ac-
companying the bill.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, December 12, 1861.
Sir: 1 have the honor to acknowledge the receiptor your
note of tins date, and, m leplv. to communicate a copy of
the paper* relating to foreign affans, laid before Congress
with the President's annual message. On page 161, and
subsequent pages of the document, all the matetial papers
relating to the ease of the Perthshire mav be found.
In compliance with your request, a draft of a bill upon
the subject is aNo herewith inclosed. As the mattei is of
no pecuniary importance, and as there seem-s to have
clcaily been a mistake committed in detaining the vessel,
it would be good policy at this tunc to satisfy the claim.
i have the honor to be, sir, vour obedient servant,
WILLIAM 11. SEWARD.
Hon. S. S. Cox, of the Committeeon Foreign Jljjairs, House
of Representatives.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wiil state, for the
information of the House, that this bill wasdrawn
by the Secretary of State, in accordance with the
recommendation of the President in his annual
message. On page 5 of the message he invites
the attention of Congress to the correspondence
between her Britannic Majesty's minister ac-
credited to this Government and the Secretary of
State, relative to the detention of the British ship
Perthshire, in June last, for a supposed breach of
the blockade; and he says:
" As this detention was occasioned by an obvious misap-
ptehension of the facte, and as justice requires that we
should commit no beliigcrentacinotfoundud in strict light,
as sanctioned by public law, 1 reooim.jend that an appio-
priation be made to satisfy the reasonable demand of the
OWiieis of the vessel fot her deteution."
1 have examined the documents referred to by
the Secietary of State very carefully, and from
them I glean the facts which I will state briefly
to the House. The Perthshire is a British ship,
owned in Hartlepool, England. She sailed thence
under a charter for a Liverpool merchant, intend-
ing to go to Pensacola for the purpose of getting
a cargo of timber for the United Kingdom. When
she got to Pensacola she was informed by the
officers in command of our squadron there, that
the blockade had begun there already; she was
warned off. Under her charter she had the priv-
ilege, with the consent of the agent of the owner
at Pensacola, to go to the port of Alobile. She
asked the question of the commander of our squad-
ron at Pensacola, whether the blockade was in
forceut Mobile? He told the captain of the Perth-
shire that the blockade was not in force there.
She then sailed for Mobile and arrived there on
the 14th of Mav. The blockade of Mobile began
on the :20th of May. At Mobile she loaded a cargo
of cotton and sailed on the 30th of May, after the
blockade had commenced, but within the time al-
lowed by the proclamation of the President for
vessels to go out. When she came out she was
again overhauled by our steamers, but was per-
mitted to go on. She sailed above two hundred
miles, and was again overhauled by the steamer
Massachusetts, whose captain put a prize crew of
twenty-nine men and two officers on board of her 1
and sent her back to Pensacola. She was thus j
detained some twelve days, the orize crew mean- 1
time living upon the> ship's stores. When she
reached Pensacola, the captain of our squadron
there,on examining her papers,dismissed her to
go upon her voyage—dismissed her without pay-
ing damages for the seizureanddetention. Under
these circumstances, the British Government com-
plained earnestly, and Lord Lyons laid the case
before Mr. Seward. Mr. Seward caused an ex-
amination to be made by the Navy Department,
and on that examination he recommends that wc
should do justice in this particular case to Great
Britain.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not believe, so far as
a case of this kind is concerned, that there can be
any objection to the House coming up promptly
and doing its whole duty to the British Govern-
ment. Wherever our officers have been remiss,
or in any way have infringed upon the maritime
rights of Great Britain, our Government now, as
they always have been, are prompt to respond in
a case which is perfectly right, as I believe this
to be. The amount is inconsiderable, but prompt
action at this time will have a great deal of sig-
nificance. 1 would not to-day bring in this bill
if i believed that any inference would be drawn
from its passage that it was dictated by any con-
cession to British arrogance. 1 would not ask
this House even to do a matter of right under a
threat from Great Britain, or under the dictation
of her arrogance or passion; but in order that we
may demand our rights of Great Britain, wc
should always be ready to do right toward her.
In the jealous defense of our maritime rights
our officers may exceed their duty. The moment
that is ascertained, as it is in this instance, the
Government will take pride in according satisfac-
tion. Our Government must do its duty in order
to assert its rights.
It is to be hoped that the action of this House,
at least towards foreign Powers, will show a wise
and just conciliation without any timid or time-
serving submission. While wc would not yield
one inch to any servile fear or ungenerous com-
pulsion, such as is threatened by the late news
from England, it is becoming the dignity of the
Republic promptly to remedy grievances. Thus
we are triply armed to demand prerogatives
belonging to our nationality, both at home and
abroad.
Great Britain should, and I trust will, meet us
in this Koirit, when we demand of her why it is
that she has afforded an asylum in Southampton
harbor to the Nashville. Without nationality,
without even the pretense of a barbarous priva-
teering commission; and after bearing an envoy
of the rebels (Colonel Peyton) to Great Britain;
after overhauling the Harvey Birch upon the high
seas, almost within sight of the shores of Eng-
land; after dragging down the stars and stripes
from that shipjand raising instead that strange
banner of triple-striped infamy; after ironing her
crew, and with the red hand of the bold buccaneer
burning her to the water's edge; after all this, the
Nashville has found a hospitable asylum in the
harbor of Southampton, to be refitted for another
outrage with warlike armaments from English
store-houses!
We have a right to demand how it is that she
is permitted thus to refit. We have a right to de-
mand whether that is in accordance with her much-
boasted but ill-disguised neutrality. Wc have a
right to know, after Gieat Britain has assumed
hei position of neutrality and assumed it volun-
tarily and 111 defiance of our protest, how it is
that, consistently with that assumption, she can
give aid and comfort and warlike stores to this
ship Nashville, for the very purpose of enabling
her again to make roving inroads upon our com-
merce? I think, so far as I know anything of the
case of the Nashville, that the English people, if
not the English Government, have acted as acces-
sories after the fact to the piracy committed upon
our commerce.
She cannot complain, then, that in the midst of
the great national peril that overshadows us, and
while the public nerve is so acutely sensitive to
the very least indignity—she cannot complain
that we, in our great tribulation, should ask of
her to do ri«ht as a neutral, since she has assumed
that position, in connection with the case that
i have presented to the House, 1 will now, for a
very few moments only, call the attention ot the
House to the position which our Government
Assumes with reference to the case of the Trent.
