1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3061
subject. The reasons, however, which he urged
for giving a preference to that locality, I think
can be answered, and more than answered, by
showing: that New London has advantages greatly
superior to the location proposed by him. The
single objection which can be made I think very
effectively to League Island, of the unhealthiness
of the locality, would more than counterbalance
any of the advantages which perhaps may belong
to it. The additional fact that, during the period
of severe frost in winter it would be almost in-
accessible from the ocean is another most decided
objection. The advantages which were alluded
to, particularly that of fresh water, scarcely belong
to it beyond what may be claimed for New Lon-
don and the river a few miles above the city of
New London. The fact adverted to by him that
iron vessels corrode much more rapidly in salt
water than in fresh, and that salt water is much
more prejudicial in producing rust and destruction
to iron vessels, can scarcely be claimed, as it seems
to me, as a very great advantage to any locality.
Our vessels, whether iron or wood, are not built
to be laid up in navy-yards, but to go to sea. They
must therefore be in salt water, and any advantage
derived from the fact that they are built in fresh
water, or that fresh water is better for building
them, seems to me to be far more imaginary than
real. The objection is really to the character of the
ocean itself.
I am aware that we are all disposed to feel a
strong partiality for our own localities, and think
the harbors of our own State possess advantages
greatly superior to others. This consideration
should ofcourse modifiythe weight ofany opinion
which I might entertain in regard to the advant-
ages of New London. I will only say that our
people feel so perfectly confident of being able to
show to any competent committee or board of
nautical men that the harbor of New London is
really to be preferred on accountof its decided ad-
vantages to any locality now unoccupied, for a
naval station on the Atlantic coast, that they are
disposed cheerfully to submit the question to the
examination ofany committee, to be appointed by
Congress or by the Navy Department for report
and decision. 'lfthey,on full examination, do not
give a preference to that locality, we shall utter not
one word of complaint, but will cheerfully acqui-
esce in the result. I move that the resolutions be
printed and laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED EXPULSrON OF Mil. SIMMONS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to offer the following
resolution, and 1 will state, as I do not see the
Senator to whom it has reference in his seat, that
I shall call it up to-morrow morning:
Whereas, by a report made to the Senate of the United
States, by the Secretaryot Wat, Hon. J5.M. Stanton, bear-
ing date, June SI, 1862, it appears that the Senator from the
State of Rhode bland, James F. Simmons, gave and exer-
cised his official miiueiiee over ceirain of the heads ol the
Depat rments of our (rovei mneut in piocunng for one C. D.
Schubarth an order dated October ii, 1861, authouzmg the
said ScJmbarth, in bohall of the Government, to manufac-
ture for the use of the At my and Navy iifty thousand hi eech-
loading titles; and further, that the s,:ud Senator did agiee to
receive as a compensation for sei vic^ rendered in bit eh pto-
curement the sum of $50,000, and did subsequently accept
two several promissory notes from certain parties in New
York, one payable in August and one in September next,
both amounting to ten thousand dollars, in payment for pro-
curing said order: Thcieloie,
Resolved, That the said James F. Simmons be, and is
heieby, expelled from the seat he holds in this Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will lie over at the suggestion of the mover.
GENERAL TOTTEN.
Mr. CLARK. There are one or two little bills
upon the Calendar which will take no time, which
1 think might be taken up conveniently at this
time. I move to take up the House bill for the
relief of General Totten.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the'bill, which directs that there be paid to Brig-
adier General Joseph G. Totten the sum of $2UG
in full for so much advanced by him for the ben-
efit of the United States in the purchase of cer-
tain land of William Aspmwall, for. fortifications
on Staten Island, in the harbor of New York.
Mr. CLARK. I will state briefly what this
bill proposes to do. It proposes to pay General
Totten the sum of ยง200. General Totten nego-
tiated for some property for the United States in
New York which cost $42,500. By a mistake in
the appropriation, there was appropriated $42,300,
which was $200 less than was necessary to pay
for the property. General Totten directed the
disbursing officer to pay the whole sum, $42,500;
and when the accounting officers came to settle
his account, as a matter of course they refused to
allow him the $200. Thereupon General Totten
paid the $200 out of his own money to the disburs-
ing officer, and now asks Congress to reimburse
him those $200 which went to pay for property of
the United States. There can be no doubt about
it. It is a House bill, and there is a report made
in the House accompanying the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FINES PAID TO DISTRICT MAGISTRATES.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 316) to provide for the payment
of fines and penalties collected by or paid the jus-
tices of the peace in the District of Columbia
under the acts of Congress approved the 3d and
5th of August, 1861, and for other purposes. It
directs that the several justices of the peace of the
District of Columbia who have imposed fines
under the acts of Congress approved the 3d and
5th days of August, 1861, shall, on or before the
15th day of July, 1862, make a full and faithful
report of their doings in that behalf, stating the
name of the party, the amount of fine imposed,
and the names of the witnesses examined in each
case, to the superintendent of metropolitan police,
and shall pay over all moneys in their hands aris-
ing from such fines to the superintendent; and
such of the justices as shall fail by the time spe-
cified to make such report, and comply with the
other provisions of this law, are to be liable to a
fine of not less than $300 nor more than $500, to
be collccted by prosecution in the ciiminal court
in the District of Columbia; and it is to be the
duty of the superintendent of metropolitan police
to inspect the dockets kept by the justices of the
peace, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount
so collected by them; and the justices are to sub-
mit their dockets to the inspection of the super-
intendent; and failing to do so, to pay a fine of not
less than fifty nor more than $100.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to add the
following as an additional section:
Sec. SI. Jlnd be it further cnacted. That said justices of
the peace shall, on or betorethe 15th day of July m eachand
every year, make a full and faithful leport of their doings
as aloresaid, for the preceding yeai, to the superintendent
of metropolitan police, and shall pay over all money*? in
their hands arising from such fines to the said superintend-
ent; and if any justice ol the peace of the Distuct of Co-
lumbia shall fail to comply with the provisions of this law,
he shall be liable to a fine of not less than $300 nor more
than $500, to be collected as provided in the first section of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM A. EVANS.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 375, for the
relief of William A. Evans.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William A. Evans the sum
of $144 12, as compensation in full for his services
as acting Second Comptroller of the Treasury
from the 14th of September to the 17th of Octo-
ber, 1852.
Mr. CLARK. It appears he was appointed to
that duty by President Fillmore, and that he per-
formed it for the length of time for which he asks
pay. It is within the precedents of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
374) to punish persons who give or offer to give
members of Congress or officers of the Govern-
ment of the United States consideration for pro-
curing contracts, office, or place from the United
States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Haym M. Salomon, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 377) for the
relief of Haym M. Salomon. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H R. No. 62) requiring an
index of the names of adult males, or heads of
families, embraced in the census, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 525) in relation to the election of Represent-
atives to Congress by single districts, reported it
with an amendment.
J. TV. NYE.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate take
up House bill No. 297, for the relief of J. W. Nye,
reported from the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, ag-
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to J. W. Nye the sum of $1,444 84, for
balance due for furnishing horses and carryalls,
and hauling boxes and other articles, for the use
of the House of Representatives for the Twenty-
Eighth Congress, under a written contract with
the Postmaster of the House of Representatives,
dated January 5,1854, and approved by the House
of Representatives.
It further directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay J. W. Nye the surn of $3,432 44, for bal-
ance due for improvements made on the botanical
garden lot, and for damages sustained by him in
being deprived of the use and occupation of the
lot according to the terms and conditions contained
in a lease from the President of the United States
to him.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is.
Does the Senator call for its reading?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The Secretary proceeded to read the following
report made in the House of Representatives Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, by Mr. Calveut, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia:
The Committee for the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. W. Nye, submit the follow-
ing repoit:
That there are three distinct claims presented against the
Government by this claimant, which will be described in
the oider in winch they appear to have originated. These
claims have been so long before Congress, and have been
so frequently and thoroughly examined and repot ted upon
by our predecessors, that it is not deemed necessaiy to enter
into a minute examination of all the items of each, but sim-
ply to state the general principles and evidence upon which
they are founded.
In 1832 contracts were entered into by the Commissioner
of Public Ruildmgs, by virtue of an act of Congress, with
Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart, for macadamizing
Pennsylvania avenue, and the contractors enteied vigor-
ously upon their work, as they were limited to a certain
pciiod for the completion of the same. In a very shott time
after commencing opeiations the Asiatic cholcra broke out
in Wellington, and raged to such an extent as to alaim
and drive off many of the laborers engaged on the work.
Under these encumbrances the contractors applied to the
Commissioner to be allowed to suspend the work until this
scourge should subside.
Mr. POMEROY. That report relates to an-
other claim and not the claim contained in this
bill. The report the Secretary is reading does not
refer to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is headed,
"J. W. Nye, (to accompany bills H. R. Nos.
297 and 298,) February 25, 1862, ordered to bo
printed." The Chair supposes it must have some
relation to the bill now under consideration.
Mr. CLARK. That is the right one undoubt-
edly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading.
The Secretary continued the reading as follows;
The commissioner not only refused this reasonable re-
quest, but he went much further and interfered with the
rights' of the contractors by employing a physician to go
among the laborers to advise them not to perform the usual
amount oflabor required of them. Inconsequence of this
advice, it is proved by Mr. Ford that the contiactors were
compelled to nearly double the amount of wages paid the
men, at a time when they were not obtaining more than
half the amount oflabor from them.
After several favorable reports of committees of both
Houses of Congress on this claim, it was submitted, in 1841,
to the Committee on Public Buildings and Giounds, and
elicited a very able report frdna Mr. Leonard; of that com-
