2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
words " Pension Office," in the fourth line of the
seventh section, the words, " under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the eighth
section, by inserting, after (he word " services,"
in the eighth line, the words " under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. 1 move to amend the same
section by inserting, after the word "allowance,"
in the sixth line, the words " under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I now demand the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask my colleague to per-
mit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on the previous question. There are a great
many amendments still to be offered.
Mr. FENTON. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question to hear what my col-
league [Mr. Wheeler] has to say.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to any arrangement.
We desire an opportunity to examine and discuss
the bill.
Mr. FENTON. Then I insist on the demand
for the previous question, and the House can vote
it down if they see proper. I call for tellers on
the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fenton and
Johnson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 55.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WHEELElt. With a view of carrying
out the original intention of this bill, and protect-
ing all parties from the cxorhitantchaigos of pen-
sion agents, and inasmuch as the bill now applies
to those only who make application for bounty
and pensions, I move to insert, after the words
44 Pension Office," in the fourth line of the sev-
enth section, the words "or Second Auditor of
the Treasury;" so that the heirs of deceased sol-
diers, in applying for arrears of pay due them,
shall also be protected.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from New York, while I think the ob-
ject that he has in vi.;\v is a coircct one, that the
insertion of this amendment in the mode pioposed
will probably create some ambiguity in the mean-
ing of the bill. I suggest to him that he will ac-
complish his purpose most effectually and prop-
erly by simply striking out the words " before
the Pension Office-," so that the section will read:
That the foes of agents and attorneys lor making out and
causing to be executed the pap^r* nece&saiy to establish a
claim !or a pension, bounty, and other allowance, slial) not
exceed the following rates, See.
Mr. WHEELER. That brings up again the
same difficulty which I suggested at the outset.
How, where separate applications are made—and
they must be separate—is the compensation of
five dollars to be apportioned? The papers are
separate and the applications may be made by
different persons. I will accept his suggestion if
he will agree to my original amendment to inseit
the words " for each original application ^'other-
wise we are met by the objection which I sug-
gested before.
Mr. Wheeler's amendment was rejected.
Mr. ODELL. I move to amend section five hy
adding, after the word " father," tho words " if
no father, then the brothers and sisters." The
appropriation bill which we passed yesterday pro-
viding for the payment of this bounty extended
its provisions to the brothers and sisters. This
bill will not be m harmony with that unless my
amendment be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the two
bills stand on entirely different footings. It was
assorted yesterday by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Edwards,] with some degree
of force, that the payment of this bounty was
something in the nature of a contract between the
soldier and the Government under the legislation
of last July. The proposition here is purrlv a
bounty on the part of the Government. Fathers
and mothers may have peculiar claims on thesym-
pathies and services of the soldier, but it seems
to me that brothers and staters have no such claim.
Mr. HA R LI I SON.. 1 move to amend the amend-
raentby adding to it the words " under eighteen
years of age."
Mr. EDWARDS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment, i regard the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York as
proper so far as it goes; and as the House inti-
mated yesterday that it was not disposed to go
further, I shall not ask to have the principle ex-
tended. But it seems to me that there can be no
question now that it should be .adopted by the
House to the extent proposed. The amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York only
conforms to the action of the House yesterday;
but the amendment offered to it-by the gentleman
from Ohio is a restriction and limitation What
reason is there to restrict this bounty to those
brothers and sisters who are under eighteen years
of age ? Some of them over that age may be in-
firm. Some of them may be as dependent as those
under that age, and more so. I hope that the House
will notany further limit this; but will go at least
as far as the gentleman from New York has pro-
posed. That is even less than the necessities of
the case require.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Odell's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out,after the word "disability,"
in the sixteenth line, the words "such pension as
is hereinafter provided in such cases,"and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words " thirteen dollars per
month," and to strike out all of the section after
the woid " disability," in the nineteenth line; so
that the section will read:
That if any officer, non-connnisHoned officer, musician,
or piivate of tho Ai my, including regular*, volutncci?, nnd
militia, or any officer, non-cotnmi-Moncd officer, musician,
seaman, ordinary seaman, flotilianinn, marine, cleik, lands-
m.m, pilot, ot other person in tiic Navv or nimmc corps,
has been, since the 4th day of March, 1851, or shall here-
after be disabled by reason of any wound received or dis-
ease contracted while in the seivicc of the United States,
and in the line of duty, ho shall, upon making due proof of
the fact aceoidingto such form'* and irgulations as are or
may he provided by or in pursuance ot law, he placed upon
the list of invalid pensioner of the United Suites, and be
entitled to receive, foi the highest t ate of disability, thirteen
dollars per month, and foi an inferior disability an amount
proportionate to the highest disability, to commence as
hereinafter provided, and continue duung the existence of
such disability.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, graduates pensions from
thirty dollars to eight dollars per month. Those
above the rank of major receive thirty dollars pet-
month; majors, twenty-five dollars per month;
captains, twenty dollars; first lieutenants, seven-
teen dolkirsjsccond lieutenants,fifteen dollars, and
soldier$, eight dollars. Now, while there may be
an argument in favor of discrimination between
officers, and privates in the ranks, while in actual
service, theie seems to be no reason whatever why
such discrimination should existin the application
of this bounty of the Government. The argument
in favor of giving to a brigadier general $4,000 or
$5,000 per annum, the colonel $200 per month, to
the captain $120 per month, and the soldier in the
ranks, thirteen dollars per month, is based on pub-
lic policy. The object in making the discrimina-
tion is to induce the best material which the coun-
try can affoid to join the Army. There may be
some reasonfounded on the necessity ofdisciphne
for this discrimination. I regret that that neces-
sity exists at all, or that it is established by old
precedent. It is a discrimination borrowed from
the Old World, and necessarily connected with its
forms of government. But, under a Government
like ours, especially in the present war where citi-
zen soldiers,and not mercenaries,aie broughtinto
the field, such discrimination cannot be justified
on any ground either of policy or necessity. It is
a mere matter of contract. The Government en-
gaged to pay higher salaries to officers and less sal-
aries to soldiers, while m the service; the engage-
ment must be carried out. But this bill proposes
to pay a bounty on the part of the Government in
consideration of the hardships endured, the perils
incurred, the sufferings borne, by those soldiers
who may be disabled in the service of the country,
an expression of gratitude and a provision against
want. If such is the case, I know of no reason
why the soldier who shoulders a musket, and loses
a leg or an arm in battle, or his wife and children,
if' he is slain, should receive less sympathy or aid
from the Government than the colonel, the biiga-
dier general, or the major general, who may have
suffered a similar loss. The one, as the other,may
have a wife, child, or children, dependent on his
industry. They have the same relative claim, not
alone on the bounty, but on tin.-justice of tho na-
tion. I am not willing, for my part, when we are
passing a general bill which is to apply to thou-
sands and perhaps tens of thousands of cases, and
while there are men m the ranks, who, so far as
social position, intellect, and ability are concerned,
are competent to command, fiot merely a regiment,
but armies, to sanction, by my vote or by my
silence, such a discrimination.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman state
what his proposition is?
Mr. HOLMAN. My proposition is to insert,
instead of thesegraduated pensions, ranging from
thirty down to eight dollars per month, a uni-
form pension of thirteen dollars per month.
A Member. Say ten dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. A friend suggests ten dollars.
I would even bring it down to that figure, if I
were sure that the principle would be carried out.
I want to see the men who have left their homes
to fight the battles of their country, whether they
be citizen soldiers in the ranks, or generals, or col-
oncls, or majors, or captains, placed on the same
common level. The discrimination is bad enough
in time of war, as the result of necessity; but it
is intolerable when applied to the bounty of the
nation. How gratifying it would be to your sol-
diers, to the men who, with their muskets in hand,
charge up to the cannon's mouth without flinch-
ing, after the toils of war are over, to find that,
so far as the bounty of the Government is con-
cerned, they are to be placed side by side with the
generals who, for reasons of public policy, have
remained compaiatively safe while the hot shell
was bursting over the ranks. IIow cheering to
their wives and children! How grateful to the
heart of the widow and fatherless child ! I would
rather gratify, by an act like this, the hearts of
the five hundred thousand citizen soldiers who
have left their fields, their workshops, their beau-
tiful homes throughout the country, than perpet-
uate this miserable discrimination, even in the
nation's bounty, between the man who fights in
the ranks and the man who wears the epaulets.
I trust this subject will receive some consideration
at the hands of this House. I know old abuses
arc not easily remedied; but it seems to me that
now is the time, while we arc providing for a gen-
eral system of national bounties, that this princi-
ple should be adopted, and that the citizen sol-
diers should be made to feel that their services
and sacrifices are not forgotten by their country.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Indiana feels*
very patriotic in regard to the soldiers who*are
fighting the battles of their country; and I sup-
pose that every other member of the House feels
just as he does. I have no doubt that his speech
will read very well among his constituents; but I
have no wish that he should put the rest of us in
the category of those who are not willing to re-
munerate our brave soldiers. I think, myself, that
there is perhaps too much discrimination in this
bill, and if the gentleman from Indiana will offer
an amendment to graduate the bounty so as to
give the private soldier ten dollars a month and
reduce somewhat the pension of officers, I am will-
ing to vote for it. But does the gentleman from
Indiana think that it is proposed to compensate
these soldiers for all the privations, fatigues, sick-
ness, disabilities, mutilation of limbs, and hazard
of life which they have incurred ? That cannot be
done, nor is it proposed to be done by this bill,
which gives the private soldier precisely what the
old pension lawgave,and therefore precisely what
our soldiers had reason to expect when they en-
listed, although the pensions toofficershavebeen
reduced from the amount hitherto allowed. No
men are more deserving, but we may not always
deal as generously with the public as with private
funds, or as we would gladly do if not restrained
by considerations of wise economy.
Now, sir, there is not a man in this House who
would not be willing to pay the men who are dis-
abled in the service of their country enough to
enable them to live comfortably and well, if the
coffers of the country would warrant it, if the
Treasury of the Government would stand the draft
that would be made on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I cannot yield now. I do
not want to make a long speech upon this subject.
I did not come here to gain gkny at home by
making appeals in behalf of the poor soldiers, in
