3062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
mUtee. which, after reviewing the whole ease, adopted the
principle that the contractors were equitably entitled to a
full allowance of all that they had let by the refusal of the
commissioner to allow them to suspend the work during
the prevalence of the choleta, am! his further Interference
With the labor of the men. This report has been lurther-
more sustained by that of Mr Cobb, in 1844, from a select
commute appointed to investigate the same claim, and
again, in 1858, by the report*ot' MY. 13. Joy Morris, from the
Committee for the Distuct of Columbia.
Mr. Nye was a sub contractor under Bargy & Stewart,
and biought suit against those panic to recover the large
amountof their indebtedness* to him *, but at the instance of
several members of Co gic«>s :vho had investigated their
claim, he was fnduced to release them and take their as-
signment of this claim In full satisfaction of the debt due
Mm.
Mr. CLARK. There is clearly a mistake here.
Even if the report-is numbered to accompany this
bill, it relates to another claim, of which [ have
some knowledge, and dons not relate to this bill.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. It is very evi-
dent to the Chair that the bill should lie over.
Mr. CLARIv. 1 think it should lie over until
we get the right report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the bill will lie on the table for the present.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance:
Resolved^ (the House of llepresentatives concurring,)
That the President of the Semite and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives do adjourn their respective
Houses sine the, on Monday, the Mth of July, instant; at
twelve o'clock, meridian.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Indian appropriation bill have agreed upon
their report, i will make a brief explanation of
it. The only serious matter of disagreement was
the appropriations for the Indian service in Cali-
fornia. It, will be remembered that the Senator
from California (Mr. Latiiam] was very desirous
to institute a new system for the government qf
Indian affairs in that State, from which the dele-
gation in the House dissented. They were very-,
much opposed to any change at present. Afte'F1
fully considering it, the committee ugreod unan-
imously that the Senate ought not to compel a
change of the general law in an appropriation bill,
and should not compel the House to take this new
system at. the risk of defeating the appropriation
hill. The Senate conferees, therefore, agreed to
recede from that amendment and agree to an
amendment which appropriates simply enough to
carry into execution the existing law, nmkmg
some deductions from the pay of rVrlnin officers,
with a proviso directing the. Secretary of the In-
terior to inquire into (lie expediency of making
the proposed alteration. With this explanation,
I submit the report to the Senate.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
Tim ewiimiittcc of coitiiHCtu'c on the disiigieeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the hill (LI. It. No.
(M) making appropriations for the eurrcnt and contingent
expenses of this Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with vauous Indian tubes, for the year ending
June 1863, having met,, after full and free eonfercnce
have nurcud to rceommeud, and do recomnicud, to their
respective Houses ivs follow:; i
That the Senate recede from their second amendment.
That the House iccede from their disagreement to so
much of the Hermit:*-, tiiiul amendment as pi'oposcsto strike
out the matter contained In line* eleven hundred and twen-
ty-five, eleven hundied and twonty^ix, and eleven hundred
and tweaty-j-evcii, inclusive, and ugiue to the same.
That the Senate ieer.de fiotn their disagreement to the
amendment nf the House to their smh amendment, and
agrco u> the same.
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the
Jirst amendment of the House to the Senate's seventh
amendment, and agree to the tamo.
That the House recede trom their second amendment
to the Senate's seventh amendment, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: in Une four, section two,
ol haid amendment, strike out the word " two," and insert
"threeand in the same hue Mi ike out the words u five
bundled;"' in line two, of section threo of said amendment
Htiikc out the word u fifty," and insert " forty •  and after
the word l% dollars,"'in tife .second hue, tnvert " or so much
thereof a* may be found neee^aiy."
Thai the Hou c tecede from their di.-agiecment to the
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the fame
with the following amendments. smkeouuUi after the en-
acting clause dou ii to, and including, the word "appiopri-
ated};' in the ai.vlv fourth line, page 56, and insert tn lieu
thereof the (olhuviug:
That the following sums he, and the same are herebv.
in like manner appropi uued, out of any monev in the Treas-
ury not otherwise apjnopiiated. for 'the Indian service in
California."
And strike out all alter the word "doHai*/5 iu the *ixiy-
niath line, and in lieu thereof insert:
u For the same service for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, at $1,500 per annum, $3,000. For compensation of
five su per vigors lor the reset vatlons in California to instruct
the Indians in husbandry, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1S63, authorized by the act of June 19, I860, $9,000
" For tiie puichasc of cattle for beef and milk, together
with clothing and food, teams and fanning tools for the In-
dians for the fiscal year ending June 30,1803, for the north-
ern district of California, §23,000.
" For the same for the southern district of California for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, $15,000: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Interior thereby authorized and
dircctcd to inquire into the expediency of reducing the In-
dian reservations in California to two in number; the proper
piaccs for the same; the piobable expense thereof; the pio-
priety of di>po«i g of any of the reservations and the value
thereof, and of the property thereon ; of the manner and
teims of such disposal; and in what manner, iu his judg-
ment, the expense of the Indian depaitmcnt m that State
can be l educed and iti system simplified without injury to
th<; same, and report thereon to the next regular session of
Congress." J. It. PUOUTTLB,
JOHN SHERMAN,
W. SACJLSIWRY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
CVllUS ALDKTOn,
TWOS. M. EDWARDS,
A. A. SAllGENT,
Managers on the part of the Ifousc.
The report was concurred in.
TIIE TARIFF JULL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (Ii. R. No. 531) increas-
ing temporarily the duties on imports and for other
purposes, in which the concurrcnce of the Senate
was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
KILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States., by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on
the 1st instant the following acts:
An act (S. No. 242) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Tom Dyer to* that of
Dolphin;
An act (S. No. 243) changing the name of the
American-built schooner Curtis Mann to that of
Supply;
^ An act (S. No. 298) donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts; and
An act (S. No. 370) to provide for additional
medical officers of the volunteer service.
ISAAC R. IULLEIt.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 356, to piovide for th<> settlement of the ac-
counts of Isaac R. Diller, Kite consul at Bremen.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill was
read a soeond time and considered as in the Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of State to audit and settle the accounts
of Isaac R. Diller, late consul at Bremen, upon
the principles of justice and equity, for the ex-
penses incurred by him for extra clerk hire in his
office and for necessary traveling expenses beyond
the limits of the consulate, and for moneys ad-
vanced to destitute American citizens, and to pay
the amount, not exceeding the sum of §3,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case? It
is for the payment of" a pretty large sum.
Mr. SUMNER. Only if it shall be found by
the Department to be due on principles of justice
and equity.
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Sumner, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
It appears that Mr. Diller was appointed by the
President of the United States,and confirmed by
the Senate, as consul to Bremen, in the year 1857*;
that he took possession of the consulate on the
1st day of August of that year, and that he con-
tinued to perform the duties thereof until Septem-
ber 20, 1861. During this period he received as
compensation for his services the sum of §2,000
per annum, as provided by the act of August 18,
1856, which was not sufficient to defray hispcrsonal
expenses, and he was also called upon to expend
his private funds for clerk hire, fuel, and lights,
traveling expenses on official business, and the re-
lief of destitute seamen, to the amount of $4,380 55,
a reimbursement of which he asks.
The inadequacy of the salary which Mr. Diller
received, and the necessity for employment by
him of clerks, in order to properly perform his
official duties, is set forth in a letter from Hon.
Lewis Cass, Secretary of State, to Hon. G. W.
Hopkins, chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives, dated
January 12,1859:
" The compensation attached to the consulate at Bremen
is ($2,000 per annum, and the consul i* not permitted to tians-
aet business. The consular lees, which m 1657amounted
to $1,177 27, are, under existing provisions of law, p.ud
into the United States Treasury. A laig > number ot Amei
lean vessels ate constantly arriving in Biemen, lequnmg
the immediate attention not only of the consul himself, but
one or two clerks, and since tile establishment of a line of
steamers bfttween New Yoili and Bremen, the consular
duties have been largely increased by the numbei ot Aniei -
ican tiavelers aruvmg and dopaiting. The JJiemen otliee
is also made, to some extent, a distributing office for pat eels
and letters transmitted from the Department to the United
States consular and diplomatic officers residing on the con-
tinent, the rate of postage being about fifty pei cent, less
upon mail umttei sent directly to Bremen than if forwarded
via Liverpool. Bremen is also the principal poitfroni which
emigrants take their departure to the United States, the
number thus leaving amounting in the fust ten months and
a half of 1858 to 2:2,522, and tor the fast nine and a half
months in 1857 to 44,951. It will be icadily seen that the
time of an intelligent consul must be much occupied m fur-
nishing einigtants with information and in attending to
their wants. A competent eleik cannot be obtained for less
than .$600 per annum, which, in consequence of the repeal
of the seventh section of the act of August IS, 1856, legu-
latmg the diplomatic and consular systems of the United
States, must be paid from the compensation provided for
the consul. The cost of living in Geimany has also, within
a few years, largely increased, as will be seen by tefeienco
to the accompanying exhacts from dispatches of the Uni-
ted States minister at Beilin, and flic consul geneial at
Frankfortj relating to the consulate at Bremen."
Governor Wright, minister at Berlin, informed
the Department, in a dispatch, dated September
18, 1858, that the consul at Bremen u cannot,
with the most rigid economy, live upon his pres-
ent salary;" and S. Richer, Esrj., consul general
at Frankfort, said, in a dispatch, dated October
12, of the same year, that, for reasons which he
gave at length, it was his "entire conviction that
$4,000 salary and $1,000 for office expenses would
be no more than a reasonable compensation" for
Mr. Dilfer.
The memorialist states that to procurc the ser-
vices of an American citizen as consular clcrk, in
accordance with the ti regulations," who was ac-
quainted with the language of the country, he was
compelled to pay his first assistant $600 a year,
wluch he did actually pay during the four years
that he held the office, and that the German cor-
respondence, relating to emigration, occupied
ncaily the whole of this individual's time during
that period. To a second clerk he paid $200 a
year, which, he represents, was not a remuneia-
lion commensurate with the amount of labot pci-
formcd, but as much as the memorialist was able
to pay under the circumstances. The total amount
paid by him for clerk hire is shown to have been
$3,305 55.
The memorialist further represents that he was
obliged to expend $120 for fuel and lights for the
consular office; that he paid $350 for the relief of
destitute American citizens, many of them sent to
him by United States consuls in the interior of
Germany, that they might be sent home; and that
his traveling expenses on official business during
the period of his consulate were $605. These
.journeys were to Berlin, to consult with the Amei-
ican minister there in relation to the compulsory
enlistment of American citizens; to Frankfort, to
consult with the United States consul thereon the
transfer of German vessels to the American flag
during the Italian war; and to the port of Bremen,
to ascertain the real nationality of vessels for w h ich
United States papers were asked to render them
neutrals.
The committee having requested the opinion of
the Department of State, in regard to the above
items of expenditure by the memorialist, received
in reply a letter from Hon. William H. Seward,
Secretary of State, dated April 12, 1862, in which
he said:
£; In regard to office expenses ' for fuel and lights,51 have
to state that the Department has never authorized any con-
sul to chaise such expenditures to the. Government."
" Neither am consuls allowed to charge the Government
theirc traveling expenses,' unless, which is very rarely the
case, they are traveling on public busines> under the special
orders of the Department, or of a United States legation.
"There is no appropriation subject to the disposition of
the Department to enable it to leiundto ministers and con-
suls the donations which they may make in charity to des-
titute American citizens other than seamen. On two oc-
casions a bill for this purpose has passed the Senate, but
