1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
Mr. COX. I call the member from New York
to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
no debate is in order.
Mr. OLIN. Is it oat of order to inquire what
was the ruling of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. OLIN. Do I understand the Chair to rule
that the discussion of the seizure of Mason and
Slidell is involved in the discussion of the bill be-
fore the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
was discussing this bill, and in doing so, discussed
the seizurcof theTrent. Thegentleman from New
York submitted the question of order that the dis-
cussion of that subject was irrelevant to the ques-
tion under consideration. The Chair decided that
the line of remark might possibly come within
the rule, but hoped thegentleman from Ohio would
confine himself strictly to the bill under consider-
ation. From this decision the gentleman from
Illinois takes an appeal. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I-withdraw the appeal.
Mi% STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. COX. I will listen at any time to any sug-
gestion of that gentleman. It must be important,
as he is the leader of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, i wish merely to suggest
that as there is, perhaps, an important question
involved in the bill, whether it would not be bet-
ter to let it go to the Committee of the "Whole, so
that the discussion may go on there ?
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that 1 wish merely a few minutes
more to state my propositions. I will not elaborate
them. I desire to show that by the passage of this
bill, and thus doing entire justice to Great Britain
in the case of the Perthshire, this Government
would place itself in a better position to demand
justice of Great Britain in the matter which I was
discussing when interrupted. I anticipated this
question of order in arranging my thoughts, and
1 placed them in such connection as to give them
rclevancy to the bill under consideration. I do not
understand why it is that some gentlemen m the
House are so peculiarly sensitive to the discus-
sion of this international question. They were
ready, very ready, to vote upon it at the beginning
of the session. They were prompt, very prompt,
in voting, without reference, for the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I do
not understand why it is that an act which has
been indorsed by the Secretary of the Navy, as
well as the House itself, should provoke such irri-
tating points of order. It should have, sir, a full
and ample discussion. I proceed with my part
of it.
The principle which regulates these interna-
tional questions is this: it has been decided that
a neutral ship bearing dispatches in time of vvar
shall be confiscate, and if confiscate when bearing
dispatches, a fortiori, if such vessel bears embas-
sadors, who are of far greater consequence than
dispatches. The mission of embassadors is of far
more importance than battalions of armed men
and whole cargoes of shot, shell, guns, sabers,
and other contraband. A n embassador may carry
in himself alliances which will give credit, raise
loans and armies, and even solve revolutions.
The embassadors of this Government,in our Rev-
olution,consummated alliances and made treaties
and loans, which enabled us to secure recognition
and independence. Then there is in this case a
stronger reason why the vessel should be confis-
cated when she hears that which is much more
important to the enemy than dispatches. Our
embassador in the Revolution,Mr. Laurens, was
considered of so much importance by the British
Government that they exchanged him for Lord
Cornwalhs, the cftmmander-in-ehipf. And so in
this case, those embassadors, recognized as such
by the president of their so-called confederate
States in his message, are of fifty-fold more im-
portance than merely articles contraband of war.
Now, the right, m time of war, of e\ery belli-
gerent ship to search all vessels, except national
vessels, for contraband, has never been denied.
TheCtueen's proclamation proceeded upon this
principle. Hautfeuille piopounds this doctrine.
Chu-f Justice Maiyhall recognized it m the San-
tissnna Trinidad ease, (7 Wheaton, "283:)
•'•Two publicist, Wheaton and Oitolan, adopting; the
opinion of tin' Eiiglifh unices, look upon the transmit ot
dispatches by a neutral as an act quite as giave as the trans-
port of troops, and as leading to the confiscation of the
neutral vessel."
Such is the language of Hautfeuille. Hostile
dispatches are in the same category with contra-
band. (Chitty's Law of Nations, p. 147. Phil-
limore, 368, 370; 1 Kent, 154. Wheaton, 529.)
In the case of the Orozembo, which carried three
soldiers and two civilians in the Dutch service
from Macao to Batavia, Sir William Scott held:
" This is the case of an admitted American vessel; but
the title to restitution is impugned on the ground of its
having been employed, at the time of the capture, in the
service of the enemy, in tianspoiting military pet sons, first
to Macao, and ultimately to Batavia. That a vessel hired
by the enemy for the conveyance of military persons is to
be considered as a transport subject to condemnation has
been in a recent case held by this court, and on other occa-
sions. What is the number of iniiitarv persons that shall
constitute such a ease it may be difficult to define. In the
former case there were main, in the piesent there are
much fewer in number; but i accede to what has been
observed in argument, thatnumberaione is an insignificant
ciicumstance in the considerations on which the principle
of law on this subject is built, since fewci persons of high
quality and character may be of more importance than a
much greater number of persons of lower condition. To
send out one veteran general of France to take the com-
mand of the forces at Batavia might be a much move nox-
ious act than the conveyance of a whole regiment. The
consequences of such assistance are greater, and therefore
it 1-5 what the belligerent ha? a stronger right to pt event and
punish. In this instance the military persons are three,
and there are besides two other persons, who were going to
be employed in civil capacities in the Governmentof Bata-
via. Whothei the principle would apply'to them alone, I
do not feel it necessary to determine. I am not aware of
any case m which that question ha? been agitated; but it
appears to me, on ptineiple,to be but iea*onable that when-
ever it of sufficient importance to that enemy that such
persons should be sentout on the public service at the pub-
lic expense, it should afford equal ground of forfeiture
against the vessel that may be let out for a puipose so inti-
mately connected with the hostile operations.3'
The same principle is held in Hazlett & Roache's
Manual of Maritime Warfare, page 293. It is
strongly stated, in its reason and principle, by
Lord Stowell in the case of the Maria, (1 Robin-
son, 340,) as follows:
" The light of visiting and searching merchant ships upon
the high seas, whatever be the ships, whatever be the car-
goes, whatever be the destinations, is an incontestable right
of the lawfully commissioned causers of a belligerent
nation." * * "This right is so clear
in principle that no man can deny it who admits the legal-
ity of maiine capture." * * * * "The right
is equally clear in practice, for practice is uniform and uni-
versal upon this subject. The many European treaties which
refer to this right, refer to it as preexisting and merely regu-
late the exercise of it. All waters upon the law ot nations
unanimously acknowledge it. in shoit, no man m the lea^t
degree couvei^aiit with Mibjeets of this kind has ever, that
I know of, breathed a doubt upon it."
In the case of the Atalanta, decided in 1808, (6
Robinson, 440,) the learned judge said:
" Nor let it be supposed that it is an act of light or casual
importance. The consequence of such a service is indefi-
nite—infinitely beyond the effect of any contraband that
can be conveyed. The carrjirigof even two caigoes of
stores is necessarily an a*sis tanee of a limited nature; but
in the transmission "of dispatches may be conveyed the en-
tire plan of a campaign that may defeat all the projects of
the other belligerent in that quarter of the world."
In a subsequent case, when the dispatches were
in course of conveyance, not from the colonies of
the enemy, but from a State in comity, and from
the public embassador of the enemy, residing in
that State, to his own Government, Sir William
Scott restored the vessel's cargo on payment of
the captor's expenses; thus holding the search
and capture justifiable. In distinguishing this
case from the'preceding, he said:
"I have before said that person-, di^chaiging the func-
tions of embas^adoi-i die, in a peculiar mannei, object-, ot
the piotection and favni of the law of nation*. The limits
i that are aliened to the operations of wai against them, by
] Vattel, and othei wutei- upon these subjects, are, that you
I may exeicise your light of war against them wherever the
! character of hostility exi>ts ; you imy stop the embassador
' of your eacmy on his passage4*c.—The Caroline, 6 Hob.,
461-468.
Mr. Cushing, in his perspicuous and able dis-
cussion of this subject, maintains the principle
by which this question can be determined. From
his abundant learning m international law and his
cogent logic, he deduces the doctrine which I ven-
ture to say no English jurist will dispute. He
says:
'•The belligerent ^eizuies of enemy dispatches andmil-
ltaiy persons, although not precisely in point as eases, aie
yet the common eoiollaries of the simr piinciple a* the
| airest of enemy enibas^adots Toaigue the; contrary would
i bo to make the law oi nations a meie collection of detached
! fact-*, instead of a s\«tem ofdoetunesand pnncipie*. That
i i- not '-o. New or doubtful ea-es may occur. innovation*
i mav he accomplished or attempted, m the law of nations,
j us in any branch of municipal law ; but principle lemanis,
doctrines subsist, general ruies are to be reasoned out for
the guidance of nations and of men, as well in the jnridi-
cal relations of nations as of men. And the doctrine here
is that of contraband of war: the principle that of the duty
of all neutral Governments to abstain from affording mili-
tary aid to either recognized belligerent; and, in like man-
ner, to abstain from affording political aid to the insurgents
of another Government, save when the time may have
come, if it ever shall come, to treat such insurgents as' a
new, independent State, and to do that even at the risk
and responsibility of war with the legitimate Government.''
I might add to this the authority of Mr. Ever-
ett; and to his, the opinion which I received to-day
in a letter from a statesman now in retirement,
who has served his country as a diplomatist at
two of the leading courts of Europe, besides filling
our office of Secretary of State with consummate
ability. The case of theTrent in their judgment
is embraced within the reason of the rule laid
down for dispatches and contraband.
The more this question is examined the more
impregnable is our position. Nor is there any-
thing in our previous diplomacy to weaken it. I
had supposed, before examining the question, that
we were precluded by our previous conduct from
asserting this principle, cut the question upon
which this Government once went to war with
Great Britain was in resistance of her claim to
take from our ships British subjects—not embassa-
dors. Nor does our denial of the right of search,
which was involved in the slave trade, preclude
us from asserting the position I maintain. That
doctrine had reference exclusively to a time oj
peace. There is nothing, then, in our diplomatic
record to weaken our position.
It is enough now for us that on this ground we
may safely say toJSngland: " Fulfill your neutral
obligations. Until you do so, you cannotquarrel
with us for the exercise of our most indubitable
right. If you insist on belligerent rights between
North and South, do not, as a neutral, help the
one belligerent, to the detriment of the other, for,
as Vattel and all publicists hold, this is fraud."
In this spirit alone can our relations towards
Great Britain continue amicable. We will readily
yield her rightful demands as in this case of the
Perthshire. We yield nothing—nothing, to her
arrogance, passion, or pride, when we are clearly
in the right. The letter of General Jackson to
Livingston,the original of which was read bythe
historian Bancroft at a New York meeting, and
applied by him to disunionists here, may be as ap-
propriately applied to their sympathizers abroad:
"Tho Union must be preserved without blood, it
this be possible; but it must be preserved at all
hazard, and at any price." This Jacksonian
talk has ever been my rule of action here: " the
Union, without bloodshed, if possible; but the
union at all hazard and at any price. so
with our honor among the nations. For it is thus,
and thus only, that in the gigantic conflict for our
national existence, we will avoid entanglementand
conflict with nations whose material interests, as
they think, depend upon our discomfiture, and
whose chronic jealousy of our republican success
has led their rulers to hail our anticipated disrup-
tion and ruin with delight.
We are, sir, in this country too sensitive of for-
eign opinion. Mr. Seward said well when he told
Mr. Dayton that it was no business of our em-
bassadors to overhear what the foreign press or
foreign ministers said about us. Our duty was
to maintain our Union in its integrity, and op-
position as a leading Power among mankind, re-
gardless of the machinations of rebels at home,
and the derision and hostility of kings and aris-
tocrats abroad. I know that we naturally dislike
to have our institutions misrepresented, and our
destruction predicted. There is much in the old
Spanish motto, De mirei,soloyo"—no one shall
speak of our kins: except ourselves; no one shall
speak of our sovereignty but ourselves. I would
that we were more indifferent to the poisoned
shafts of foreign malice, barbed as they arc by
aristocratic hate and pretension. We have been
very freely scorned by nations whose moral stand-
ard is measured by their commercial profit and
loss, who^e national honor depends upon a cotton
pod, whose philanthropy has been an intermed-
dling Phariseeism, and whose complacent neu-
trality, so promptly assumed, seems to glory in
the humiliation of a kindred and Christian nation,
■ without regret or sympathy, because of itssplen-
; did illustration of commercial grandeur, and its
j defiant adheience to democratic government.
i Let us, sir, pursue our duty to the age and the
