1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21#8
the shape of Buncombe speeches. I would pro-
vide munificently for them, but I would have some
regard for die tax payers of the country, who are
too grievously burdened by this war.
I am willing to give the private soldier ten dol-
lars a month instead of eight dollars, as this bill
provides, if the gentleman will make that motion,
i nm willing to reduce the bounty to be paid to
officers somewhat.. But the gentleman says why
malic any discrimination at all. Sir, why do you
make a discrimination at ail in the grades of the
Army and in their pay? Why not pay them
all a uniform compensation of thirteen dollars a
month? Sir, the gentleman knows very well that
grades exist in all professions and occupations of
life. Discriminations are always made, and al-
though it sounds very well here, and gains the
popular ear, although it swells the popular ap-
plause for the man who utters these appeals in
behalf of the poor soldier, and advocates the bring-
ing down of officers and soldiers to the same level,
yet when you come to compute the result in dol-
lars and cents, our sworn duty to the country as
the guardians and watchmen over the purse of the
country will require us to sift somewhat closely
such arguments as that of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Now, as I said, I would be glad if I were able to
give these soldiers enough to make them comfort-
able for life, and pay the whole cost of support.
I do not know but 1 would go so far as to give
each one of them a buggy ride each day if I were
able to pay the money it would cost. But we
cannot afford it. Has the gentleman from Indi-
ana made a computation how many millions of ;
dollars his bounty of thirteen dollars a month j
would cost?
Now, sir, these pensions are for personal disa-
bilities, and it is not supposed that the disability
will he total in each case. It is not supposed that
this will be the only means of subsistence they
will have. Most of them will be able in part to
gain a livelihood by their o\vn exertions. You
must make a rule that is to apply to all; you can-
not make a discrimination that is to apply to each
case; you must make a rule that will do general
justice as far as it is practicable.
Mr. HOLMAN lose.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If the gentleman has a
question to ask I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. ] proposed to occupy a mo-
ment if the gentleman is through.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Well, sir, I do not know
that I have anything more to say. I merely de-
sired to say what I have done for thepurpose of
preventing the impression from going forth that
those of us who arc in favor of this bill are in the
category of those who do not sympathize with the
soldiers of the Union.
I now think we have spent time enough in this
debate, and I demand the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the previous question
will not bo sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON.^ After the declarations made
by the gentleman reflecting upon those of us who
favor this amendment, I trust the gentleman will
permit a reply.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I demand the previous
question, then, upon the amendment, simply.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to be heard upon that
amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be insisted on. Both the
gentleman from Indiana and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania have already been heard oh the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to be heard in answer to the gentleman
from. Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr/HOLMAN. I call for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 46,
noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 suppose the Chair has the
right to oider tellers?
"The SPEAKER. The House has refused them.
Mr. FENTON. It is competent for the Chair
to count the House.
Mr. COX. I move that there be a call of the
Ilouse.
The motion was disagieed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I now renew the demand for
tellers, other business having intervened since the
previous refusal of them.
The SPEAKER. The call cannotbe received,
the House having refused to order them.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 understand from those
around me that I promised to yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana. If that be the fact, 1 with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I pass over the implied com-
pliments of the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
to getting the popular ear, seeking popular ap-
plause, &c., without comment. I call the attention
of the gentleman to the bearing of his own remarks
in respect to the principle of equality which per-
vades the country, to the doctrine of equality of
rights which lies at the foundation of the institu-
tions of this country, and I bring before him the
striking contrast between that principle and pop-
ular profession and the princfple which is sought
to be ingrafted in perpetuity upon the legislation
of Congress by this bill.
Sir, if there is anything that this Government
is bound more than everything else to provide for,
it is to see that the rights of her soldiers are pro-
tected, and thatjusticeisdone them in the discrim-
inating justice by which her bounty is applied
and her approval expressed. 1 think that is a
subject which ought to commend itself to the con-
sideration of my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman yield
for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Not now. And when the
gentleman tells us that the country cannot bear
the expense of this bounty toward the brave and
gallant defenders of the Union, I reply to him that
had they not rallied at the call of their country in
the houpof impending danger, and met the deadly
peiils of war, you would have had no country to-
day. You talk about not being able to remuner-
ate your people for their toils and sufferings, and
provide for their widows and children. Sir, but
for them, I repeat, you would have had no coun-
try; no Capitol standing here to-day to gladden
the hearts of the nation; no ships now be moored
in your magnificent river; there would be no Pres-
ident of the United States to gladden his eye with
the fall of the rebel flagatNorfolk; there would be
no great people rejoicing this day at the tidings of
victories by which the ichellion is being crushed,
and rebellion falling before the flag of the Repub-
lic, with the just hope that that flag shall soon
wave from one extremity of the land to the other,
It is to those biavc soldiers alone—to your citi-
zen soldiers—that wc arc indebted for all this.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Ifthegentleman will permit
me, I think I can see a way by which this matter
may be accommodated. I will vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana if he will vote
for a proposition to carry out his doctrine of
equaljty still further by reducing the pay of mem-
bers of Congress to thirteen dollars per month.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I will second that motion
with my whole heai t. Sir, 1 defy the gentleman,
or any gentleman upon that side of the House, to
bring forward a bill that shall reduce the salaries
of members of Congress, and of all other civil of-
ficers of the Government. A distinguished states-
man in the other branch of Congress brought for-
ward a measure for that purpose, but it is sleeping
upon your table the sleep of death, never intended
to be passed. Instead of the retrenchment to which
the gentleman refers in the civil departments of
the Government, every step of progicss has been
progress towards increase of expenditure and ex-
travagance. No effort has been made in this
House under the auspices of the majority, the ma-
jority of the House, looking to retrenchment in the
civil service of the Government; but when you
cornu to the brave soldier who has been wounded
in the defense of the country, with wife and chil-
dren dependent upon him for support, or his
widow and orphan children, if he has fallen in
battle, the gentleman tells the nation they cannot
afford lo pay them. Oh, no; he can afford to in-
ciease the expenses of eveiy department of the
Government; he can afford to increase the->ex-
penses of the civil service of the Government
almost without limit; but when the poor soldier,
lame, or prostrated with wounds and exposure,
demands support from the nation lie has served*
the miserable cry is raised that the nation cannot
afford the pitiful sum of thirteen dollars a month,
for its brave defenders. And why? Because in.
your pension list the officer must receive a greater
consideration at your hands than the private in
the ranks who is equally entitled to your syra-.
pathy and support. . - /
Sir, I am not surprised that the House remained
passive and motionless after the speech made "by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It was pros-
trate, it was astounded that it should' go to the
country that the Government could not do justice
to the soldiers who had fought and are fighting our
battles for us. No wonder gentlemen remained
silent even to the extent of breaking up the action
of the House.
I say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania dis-
tinctly that I have made some approximation of
what will be the cost of this pension biJI. 1 un-
dertake to say that the amount proposed to be
paid by this bill equalizes between the officers and
soldiers, and the uniform rule adopter!, of paying
the same compensation to each, thirteen dollars
a month would be the fair proportion. You but
diminish the pension of the officer, or his widow
and children, and increase the pension of the sol-
dier in the ranks, or his widow and children, if
he has fallen in your defense. I only propose that
the bounty of the Government shall be bestowed
alike on all of her gallant sons.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Let me say a word.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have mentioned thirteen
dollars for total disability. The gentleman pre-
fers that the officers who are the leaders in the
ranks of our brave citizens shall have thirty dol-
lars a month.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE rose. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman from
Michigan.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman a
question. It was distinctly stated upon the floor
the other day, and I have not heard it denied, that
the members of a certain committee had received
a large amount of money over and above their
regular salary. I want to know whether thatis
so,and (suppose the gentleman from Indianacan
tell me?
The SPEAKER, The question of the gentle-
man from Michigan has nothing to do with the
bill now pending before the House.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. It applies to what was
being said. How much was the gentleman from
Indiana paid beyond his regular salary?
The SPEAKER. That is not pertinent to the
subject under consideration.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. It is pertinent to the
debate that has been going on.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that I shall be per-
mitted to answer the question?
The SPEAKER. It is not pertinent to the
debate.
Mr. HOLMAN, I turn the gentleman over to
one of his colleagues on that side of the House,
who weie the majority of that committee, for an
answer to his question.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
The general subject of economy of the Govern-
ment expenditures has been under debate; and as
the question has been sprung upon the House, I
would like to hear what reply the gentleman from
Indiana has to make to the interrogatory of the
gentleman from Michigan.
The SPEAKER. What bill on the subject of
economy is now before the House?
Mr. MALLORY. The question of economy
is involved in the increase or reduction of the
amount of pensions to he granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. «
Mr. HOLMAN. I will satisfy the desire of
the gentleman from Michigan in this way._
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the Hquse will per-
mit the gentleman from Indiana to answer the
question.
The SPEAKER. It may be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. There will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. HOLMAN, My attention has been called
to two committees to which have been assigned
special duties by this House. I refer to the John
Sherman committee and the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts. The former of the two, the
