1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
committee thought it better to vest the appointing
power in another board than that which regulated
his powers and duties. It is to be supposed that
the board which appoint the sutler will appoint
.persons friendly to themselves, and that a better
guard against extortion will be provided by fixing
'a different board to regulate the prices which the
sutler shall be allowed to charge. WelraVe, there-
fore, remodeled the section as it passed the Sen-
ate, by retaining the appointing power in the coun-
cil of administration, where it now exists, and
providing that a boaid, consisting of all the com-
missioned officers of the regiment, shall fix the
sched ule of articles the sutler is allowed to sell, and
the prices he may charge.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Then, if I understand the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, this bill does
not permit a sutler to be appointed for more than
one regiment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly not. And
that is the law as it now exists. Every regiment
is entitled to a sutler, and the only change we
make in the present law 111 this respect is to pro-
vide that another commission shall fix the prices
the sutler is allowed to charge, allowing the power
of appointment'to remain where it now exists, in
"the council of administration. We think that will
remedy some of the objections which are made to
the system as it now exists.
Mr. WATTS. There are some appointments
now existing of sutlers for two or four regiments.
What effect will this bill have upon those appoint-
ments?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Thatapplies to regi-
ments in the regular Army and at military posts.
This bill docs not affect them at all. It applies
to the volunteer service only-
Mr. WATTS. I alluded to sutlers in thevol-
unteer service. There have been appointments
made by the Secretary of War of a single sutler
for several regiments. How will this bill affect
such appointments?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is in violation
of law. There is no law authorizing the appoint-
ment of sutlers except for single regiments. The
law is explicit, and cannot be misunderstood. The
. colonel of every volunteer regiment is authorized
to appoint a sutler upon the recommendation of
the council of administration of the regiment, and
that council of administration consists, under the
Army regulations, of the lieutenant colonel, the
major, and the first captain of the regiment. That
is the law under which sutlers are appointed. I
know nothing of such appointments as the gen-
tleman mentions having been made. I know,how-
ever, that the law is as I have stated.
Mr. McPHERSOW. I understand the effect of
the amendment pioposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs to be to give the appointment of
sutlers to the council of administration, consisting
of the lieutenant colonel, major, and first captain
of the regiment; and that the question before the
House is between vesting the power of appoint-
ment 111 this council of administration and in a
board consisting of all the commissioned officers
of the regiment. It appears to me that there is one
consideration which ought to weigh with this
House. The commissioned officers of a regiment
are the persons who are presumed to know and
feel most acutely the abuses which exist under the
present sutler system. It is undoubted that they
can be trusted more safely than any particular
portion of them. I suppose it was this consider-
ation which induced the Senate to depart from the
usual mode of a council of administration for con-
trol of these matters; but I suggest whether it is
not safer and better to trust the selection of a sutler
to the commissioned officers of a regiment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I see no piopriety
in the change proposed by the Senate; and if that
change be agieed lo by us, and is passed into
law, then all the sutlers who have been already
appointed, all the sutlers in the Army at present,
would be dismissed. 1 cannot conceive how there
can be any necessity for any such act. I believe
.that it is proper to make a change as proposed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, that is to say,
to give to a board different from that which ap-
points the sutler the power of fixing the price of
the goods sold. 1 do not think it is necessary to
make any more radical change. I hope, then,
unless some other gentleman desires to speak on
the amendment, that (he question will be decided.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the House confine
the appointment of a sutler to the whole list of
officers, then the same men will fix the prices of
the articles sold. That the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs desire to avoid. And, sir, there is a
good reason why the same persons should not fix
the prices who have the power of appointing the
sutler. I think that there is a great necessity for
the change proposed by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It is supported by the experience
of our Army in the field, and I hope that the
amendment recoftimended by the Committee on
Military Affairs will be adopted.
Mr. BLAKE. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer. I do not know that it is now in
ftrder.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is it an amendment
to the pending amendment?
Mr. BLAKE. It is not. It is rather in the na-
ture of a substitute for the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the amendment being offered whenever it is in
order.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask the Clerk to read my
"amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert as fol-
lows :
That the office of sutler in the volunteer service of the
Army of the United States shall be, and the same is hereby,
abolished : Provided, That this act shall take eft'ect and be
in force from and alter the 1st day of May next.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I presume we will
have to meet that question sooner or later, and I
therefore am ready, for one, to meet it now.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be re-
ceived; but it will not be voted on until the amend-
ments to the pending bill are disposed of.
Mr. ALDRICH. It strikes me the argument
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that if this amendment be adopted then
new sutlers will have to be appointed, does not
amount to much. If the sutler is satisfactory to
the officers and men of a regiment, there is no
doubt that he will be reappointed; and if the sut-
ler is not satisfactory to them, then he ought to
be removed, and.a bettev man put in his place.
I am aware, sir, that in some of the regiments
about here, the sutlers are obnoxious to the com-
pany officers and men—obnoxious to almost the
entire commands, and yet they are kept in so
long as the boards of administration deem fit to
retain them. I know ofone sutler of eight months'
standing who has gone home during the last four
weeks and taken with him §10,000, which he had
made out of profits from the officeis and men of
the regiment to which he is attached. I am op-
posed to such enormous profits. I am decidedly
in favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohioj [Mr. Blake.] I think that the whole thing
of sutlers ought to be abolished. It seems to me
that there are no officers under this Government
any where, saving and excepting Indian traders in
some portions of the country, who arc guilty of
so much swindling as these sutlers of the different
regiments of the United States Army. I am in
favor, I repeat, of abolishing the whole thing, and
I hope that the House will do it.
The question was taken on the third amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Fourth amendment:
In the following strike out the words in brackets, and in
iieu tlieteot insert the words m italics:
Sec. 4. And be it fmthcr enacted, That the sutler? chosen
in the manner provided in the preceding section shall [each
be aiithoiized to sell to the officers and soldiers ot theregi-
rnent only loi which tie has been elioseti] be allowed alien
only upoi i the pay of the officers, non-commissioned officers,
and privates ot the regiment for uhich he hat been chosen, or
those stationed at the post to which he has been appointed, and
for no greater silmlban one sixth of the monthly pay of each
officer, non-commissioned officer or priiate far articles sold
during each month; and the amount, of one sixth or less than
one sixth oj the pay of such ojjicei. uon-commissioned officer
or jrr irate, so sold to him by the Slitter* shall be charged on the
pay-rolls of suchofficer, non-commissioned officer or private,
and deducted from his pay, and paid oner by the paymaster to
the sutler of Mie regiment or military post, as the case may
be: Provided, however, That sutlers shall be allowed to sell
only the articles designated in the list or schedule provided
in this act, and none others, and at prices not exceeding
those aflKed to said articles, as herein piovided. He shall
keep said fist or schedule, together with a copy of this act,
lairlv wiitten or pi inted, po*ted up in some conspicuous
part ot tile place where he makes said sales, and where the
same eau be ea&ilyread by any person to whom he makes
said sales.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri Mr. Speaker, this
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs
is a radical change of the bill as it came from the
Senate. It provides that the sutler shall have a
lien upon one sixth of the pay of the officers and
soldiers for goods sold by him. I know that a
good deal has been said about these sutlers in the
newspapers and elsewhere. ■ I know that a loud
clamor has been raised against them. I desire,
therefore, to give the reasons which have operated
upon the committee to induce them to submit this
radical change of the section of the bill as it came
from the Senate. I do not believe in the denun-
ciation of a whole class of men. I am not afraid
to say that if improper persons have been ap-
pointed sutlers, and they have charged improper
prices, then the fault is on the persons who ap-
pointed them and fixed their prices. If there lias
been all the swindling carried on by the sutlers
that we have heard of, then the fault is with the
colonels of regiments who have the power to dis-
charge them. A* council of administration lias
had the right to appoint the sutler, and to fix the
price of his goods; and if a sutler has made an
enormous profit and there has been the swindling
complained of, then the fault is equally that of the
volunteer officers and the sutlers. I am inclined
to think thata few cases of that description which
have come to the notice of the public, added to
the sympathy which we all feel for the volunteer
soldiers in the field, have given an undue prom-
inence to this matter, and caused the clamor on the
part of the public. I do not believe that any large
body of our citizens, or any class of men in this
country, have set themselves sedulously to swin-
dle our soldiers. I do not believe it, and I think
that it is beneath the dignity of Congress to legis-
late against any class of our citizens.
I desire to say furthermore, that so far from
protecting the soldier, this provision striking out
the lien allowed to the sutler, is prejudicial to his
interest. You cannot find anywhere in the woild,
where men are called upon to fix the pi ice of goods,
thatfhey will not fix them higher from considera-
tions of justice and equity where there is a doubt
about the pay than they would if there were cer-
tainty of pay. If you takeaway the lien the effect
will be to give a bonus to those soldiers who will
not pay their debts. It will give the dishonest
officers and soldiers a chance to escape the pay-
ment of their debts, and make the honest officers
and soldiers pay higher for what they may obtain
from the sutler than they otherwise would have
to do. A sutler is necessary upon the umich and
in the camp, and if you take this lien away from
him you of course increase the hazard of his busi-
ness, and when the risk of his business is in-
creased no board of officers will refuse to allow an
increase of price. We know that merchants in-
crease the price of their goods according to the
risks they run. If there be no risk, then, of course,
the decrease of price will result to the advantage
of the soldiers. It is a rule which I believe will
operate invariably to enhance the price of these
articles to the soldier who has to buy them, and
the only benefit that can he produced to the sol-
dier is that the dishonest soldier who does riot
want to pay will cscape, and the honest soldier
will have to pay his own debt and the debt of the
dishonest one also. That is the amount of it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the genthman
why it is that we need sutlers at all? Cannot tiie
quartermasters furnish everything which the sol-
diers really want?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I would say in reply
to the gentleman from Illinois, although it is not
the question now before the House, that the quar-
termaster, if he provides for the soldier, is just as
likely to cheat him as the sutlers.
Mr. LOYEJOY. But the quartermaster pro-
vides at the Government prices, and he can provide
everything that the soldier needs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. You would not re-
move the evil by that plan, because we have heard
just as much clamor m this House about the sol-
dier being cheated by quartermasters as by sutlers.
He has had rotten cloth and shoddy and wooden
soles to his shoes, and the cheating has be-n as
great in the quartermaster's department as in any
other department of the Government. While I
say this, I say it with a perfect knowledge that
we have at the head of that department one of the
best and most honest men in the service of the
United States, but it is impossible to make a law
which cannot in some way be evaded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman will al-
low me to make a suggestion m reply to my col-
