1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
to furnish,or their widowsand children who weep
for ih^dead and look to the nation for sympa-
thy, will I consent that such soldiers, if living,
or"their families, if dead, shall be subjected to this
discrimination, by which theGovernmentbestows
a higher bounty upon the officers than it bestows
upon those who fought in the ranks.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would inquire of
my colleague if the colonel whose inhumanity he
witnessed was from the State of Indiana? If so,
I desire to know his name.
Mr. HOLMAN. He was not from Indiana.
I need not mention his name; it is not important
that 1 should. I presume every gentleman un-
derstands the inequalities of war; but what I pro-
test against, in the name of my constituents, and
in the name of the rank and file of the Army—of
the homes which war has made desolate—is that
that discrimination shall not be continued in the
bounty which the Government proposes to give
to those who have fought its battles. I trust
no gentleman will misapprehend the fact, that if
you pq$r this thirteen dollars a month as bounty
for full disability, you will pay about the same
sum you would pay if you pay according to this
graduation of the bill, running from eight to thirty
dollars per month.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana how the statement that he has
just made comports with his statement in regard
to the conduct of these same officeis in time"of
battle ? He has represented them as always occu-
pying positions in battle where they do not receive
any of the disability which would alone entitle
them to pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am sorry that I have not
been able to make myself understood, or to convey
my ideas distinctly. Solar as the officers of our
Army are concerned, I ami proud of them. They
are to be found fighting ia the lead or sulo by side
with the soldiers, sharing their perils and meeting
many of their hardships. I said that the general
viewed the battle from a secure position, a thing
eminently proper—and through the serried ranks
of his soldiers. I do not detract fiom his just
claims to the gratitude of his country. But the
soldier who does his duty is equally entitled with
him to the favor, gratitude, and bounty of his
country.
Mr. GRIDER. I desire to correctun error into
which the gentleman has fallen. I understand,
from reading the accounts of the battle of Shiloh,
a battle fought by the officers and soldiers of the
West, that there was not a man in command on
that occasion, from him who commanded a division
to the lowest officer in the ranks, who was not m
the very front of the battle all day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not questioned it. 1
am glad to bear my testimony to the truth of that
statement. No eulogy can exceed the merit of
their gallant deeds or of the gallantry of their
men. There is no question of tins, but it is not
inconsistent with the idea I have advanced. My
friend talks about the front of the battle. You
are mighty apt to find more bayonets than swords
Hashing defiance in the eye of the advancing foe.
Mr. McPHERSON. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the brilliant charge of Major
General Smith at Port Donelson, to the brilliant
charge of Brigadier General Hancock at Wil-
liamsburg, and to many other displays of bravery
by general officers of our Army. As an humble
Representative here, I protest against any sweep-
ing reflections upon the general officers of our
Army. I think they are entitled to kinder and
better treatment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I tell the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that he cannot dodge the question
before the country in that way. He cannotassert
that I have undertaken to assail any officer in the
service of the Republic. I have not thought of
doing so. The gentleman has mentioned the
namesof brave officers. I could mention a whole
catalogue of them, many from my own gallant
State. Why, sir, if the namesof the generals and
colonels and majors and captains who have dis-
tinguished themselves in this war were arrayed
together upon the panels of this Capitol, they
would present a history which generations here-
after would and will read with applause. The
historian will do justice to the brave men who
haveled our armies. Butdo notthe bayonetsgleam
in the gallant charge? Are the men who made
it to be forgotten, and only their leaders remem-
bered ? But that does not meet the point I make.
The soldier suffers the hardships and privations,
and incurs the danger, while the laurels gather
around the brows of their commanders, not less
butnomoregaUanttind deserving than themselves.
This is a bounty, not compensation. It should be
equal to all.
Mr. McPHERSON. The gentleman, in the
excitement of the moment, said more than that,
and it is to the excess of his statement that I ob-
ject. He said that our general officers had driven
their men, instead of leading them, into the post
of danger.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have referred to the com-
parative danger. I know that as many meritori-
ous men have fallen in the ranks as in command
—more, because their numbers are greater. I am
asking justico for the soldiers in the ranks. I am
attempting to destroy the discrimination between
the citizen soldiers and the officers in command in
the bounty which the Government may grant. I
undertake to say that it will cost no more to feed
and clothe the wives and children of the officer
than to feed and clothe the wives and children of
the private soldier. The widow and orphan child
of the one has the same claim upon your bounty
and justice and gratitude as the other. This is a
mere bounty or gratuity from the Government—
just and reasonable, but still a bounty. I demand
justice, and nothing more. At the suggestion of
several gentlemen around me, I will modify my
amendment, by striking out " thirteen dollars"
and inserting " eleven dollars." That will be
eleven dollars a month for full disability, to be
graduated according to the extent of the disabil-
ity, diminishing the pension of the officer and in-
creasing thatof the soldier three dollars per month,
placing them and their widows and children on
the same footing as equally entitled to the just
consideration of their country.
Mr. B1DDLE. Mr. Speaker, I will venture to
state this proposition, thata pension isacompen-
sation for a pecuniary loss. You do notcompen-
sate a man for his patriotism or his valor. His
compensation for that must be the approval of his
conscience and the approval of his country. You
establish different grades of pay in your Army;
you have never been able to obtain an Army upon
any other principle. Take, for illustration, agen-
tleman whose name was just mentioned by my
colleague, [Mr. McPiierson,] my distinguished
townsman, General Charles F. Smith. Forty-
five years ago he devoted to the military service
those talents and thateducation which mighthave
been devoted to professions affording a much
largercompensation, which would,of course, have
been greatly to the advantage of the widow and
children whom he leaves behind him. But he did
give himself up to the military service of his coun-
try, receiving a very moderate stipend; no doubt,
however, consoling himself with the reflection that
should he be suddenly cutoff in the course of his
duty, his wife and children would be provided for
in accordance withtheusual principle upon which
such provision is always made.
Now, sir, let me apply the proposition with
which I started, that a pension is to make up a
pecuniaryloss. One man is in the receipt of $1,500
a year from this Government; another man is in
the receipt of a much less sum—say thirteen dol-
lars a month. Kill them both to-day, and do you
not perceive that necessarily the loss to the fam-
ilies of the two is very disproportionate ?
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is the ground upon
which the gentleman puts this pension, which I
regard as a mere gratuityand bounty, will he tell
me how many private soldiers there are in the
ranks from his own State whose salaries or com-
pensation before they entered the Army tar ex-
ceeded that of the illustrious General Smith ?
Mr. BIDDLE. I cannot, of course, answer
that question; nor can any bill be fiamcd, that I
can see, to meet it. You must frame a bill accord-
ing to tiie usually accepted principles. Experi-
ence has shown that for very high rank in the
Army you require high talents and very consid-
erable education, and, therefore, you must tempt
to it that talent and thateducation which is highly
compensated in every other branch of life. I say,
therefore, that if you have a service in which you
give compensation unequal m degree, it follows as
a consequence that you should give pensions m a
proportionate degree.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing the previous question upon the amendment, *
but I will yield for a few moments to my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] with the un-
derstanding that he shall demaiid the previous
question. * *
Mr. JOHNSON. I accept the condition;
Mr. OLIN. Has not the time of thegentlertfan
from Indiana expired?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten min-
utes left yet.
Mr. OLiN. I object to his yielding the iioor
unless it be unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The floor must be yielded
unconditionally if objection be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON". I intend to vote for the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana, and
I put the reasons for my vote on adifferentground
from those alleged by my colleague, [Mr. Bid-
dle.] I do not regard these pensions and bounties
as compensations for pecuniary losses sustained
by the parties. They were never so regarded in
the history of the country. The early pensions
granted to the soldiers of the Revolution were
placed on a different ground entirely. If my col-
league will look at the pension laws of that date,
he will find that the party applying was required
to make oath that the pension or bounty applied
for was necessary for his or her support, or for
the support of his or her family. It was given
for the purpose of guardingagainst the reduction
to want of those who had been wounded in the
service of their country, and were disabled from
maintaining themselves and families. Nothing
more, nothing less. It never was intended to com-
pensate them for losses sustained and the sacrifice
of their positions at home. It never was intended
as a compensation for talents. It never was in-
tended for anything else than simply this: that
these meritorious persons should not be suffered
to come to want.
Mr. HARRISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. HARRISON. I agree with the gentleman
in regard to his statement as to what the pension
laws have heretofore been. If he has read this
bill, he will have seen that there are two sections
in it which introducea new principle in this class
of laws. This bill proposes that where a deceased
soldier dies not leaving a widow or minor chil-
dren, but does leave a widowed mother depending
upon him, in whole or in pait, or if no mother,
then a sister or sisters under eighteen years of
age, depending upon him in whole or in part, they
shall be entitled to receive the pension to which
he would have been entitled. Now, I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he
is in favor of this principle or not?
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of the new
principle on which this bill is based—that is, giving
the pension to those who may be left without pro-
vision for their maintenance and support by the
death of the soldier. That is Xvithin the original
purpose of all the pensions and bounties granted
by the Government. But I cannot, for the life of
me, see how that rule is to be applied to this grad-
uation of pensions, because one man has held a
higher rank in the service than another. Are the
wants of an officer and his family supposed to be
greater than those of a private and his family?
Does it cost more to maintain the widow of an '
officer than it does to maintain the widow of a
private soldier? I will not discuss the point al-
ready referred to in this argument—namely, that
there are many men from the higher ranks of life,
as they are called, who are serving in the ranks
as privates. I have seen wintering heie on Me-
ridian Hill a private soldier whom I knew per-
sonally as a Senator in the Pennsylvania Senate
for three years, and afterwards as a principal officer
in a bank.
I am againstall these distinctions. 1 am m favor
of granting this bounty bccause I think the Gov-
ernment should not suffer these persons to come
to want; and I do not believe that it takes any more
to maintain the family of an officer than it does to
maintain the family of a private. Why, then,
should Government give more to the one than it
does to the other? That is the position on which
I place my vote on this amendment. According
to the promise which I gave to the gentleman from
Indiana, I move the previous question on his
amendment.
