1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
league. ThS* quartermaster now furnishes to the
soldier what lie is entitled to under the law. He
does not keep and is not authorized to keep any-
thing but what the law authorizes to be given to
the soldier by the Government. The sutler comes
in at that point and keeps articles which the Gov-
- ernment does not supply. All our experience has
shown that it is necessary we'should have sutlers
to supply those very articles. A quartermaster
would look very well dishing out and charging five
cents' worth oftobacco,orfive cents' worth ofbut-
tons, or five cents' worth of thread, and settling
his account with the soldier whenever he is paid.
You would impose duties upon the quartermaster
that would make it necessary for the Government
to employ double the number of quartermasters
now employed. This system ofsutiers has worked
well. 1 fear that many gentlemen are judging of
the necessity of sutlers by the experience of the
army here, but whenever the army moves and
leaves the neighborhood of towns, the necessity
will suggest itself to every gentleman that there
should be sutlers to supply these articles which
are necessary for the comfort and convenience of
the soldiers, and which the quartermasters and
the commissaries do not and cannot supply.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bill of the House No.
326, to fulfill treaty stipulations with Hanover.
SUTLERS IN THE VOLUNTEER SERVICE AGAIN.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 will only add that to
require the quartermasters or commissaries to
supply the soldiers with these articles would be
to increase the Army of the United States by mil
lions. The soldier would not be able to get these
articles from the quartermaster or commissary any
cheaper than he gets them from the sutler. The
effect of the amendmentsuggested by my colleague
would be to increase the expenses of the Govern-
ment, while it would add nothing to the comfort
or convenience of the soldier.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. We have already,
in a section of the bill which we have passed over,
disconnected the board which has theappointment
of the sutler from that which has the fixing of the
prices of his goods. Those two powers arc lodged
in two different boards, and it becomes this House
to consider, dispassionately, whether it is not.
riroper that we should give a lien to the sutler for
a moderate porportion of the soldier's pay to ben-
efit the soldier—a hen, for instance, oh one sixth
ofhispay. The officers upon whom the duty is im-
posed of fixing the prices, will take that lien into
consideration. They will say thatsuch and such
an amountof business isgiven to the sutler under
tills act, and his pay is absolutely certain, and that,
when his pay is certain, he ought to take no higher
profits than are right and proper; and the board,
in conscience and equity, as between the sutler
and the soldier—in whom they ought to feel the
greatest interest—will fix the prices equitably and
upon a proper basis.
Now, I appeal to the good judgment of the
House not to allow the clamor that has been made
against the sutlers, as a class, to bear down their
better judgments in this matter; but that, after
having disconnected the appointing power from
that which has the fixing of the pi ices, they will
now give a lien upon one sixth of the soldier s
pay to the sutler, in order that this boaid may put
the prices down to the lowest possible rates, know-
in"- well that everything which the sutler sells will
be°paid for, and that he ought to be contented with
small profits when his pay is certain. _
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word upon the subject of these sutleis.
think there has been nothing connected with the
volunteer portion ofthe Army of the United States
that has been subject to more abuses than this
sutler's department. We know that when pay
day comes round, as a general thing the sutlers
jeceive almost all the wages—to the amount o
thousands ofdollais in some instances. We know
that they have sold an immense amount of trash
to the soldiers, including raisins and almonds ;uid
had fruit, stale pies, liquor, and cider, and other
things which the men would have been much bet-
ter without. We know that officers have leagued
with them, and in some instances shared the prof-
its We know that the Army,as a general thing,
are opposed to the whole system, and that it is
the influence of officers and the sutlers themselves
those who are supposed to derive benefit from
—that up to this time has kept the system in
force.
The Senate have wisely proposed to deprive the
sutler of a hen on the wages of the soldier. Why
should the sutler have a preemption upon the pay
of the soldier over and above the merchant and
others who sell to the soldier? Why should they
have a priority of lien over all other men ? The
country merchants at the cross roads in the neigh-
borhood ofthe Army, who sell these same articles
to the soldier, and in many instances better arti-
cles, and at a lower price, have no lien on the
wages ofthe soldier. It is admitted in this amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Military Affairs
that they ought to have alien of one sixth. If
that is right, why not give them a lien upon the
whole? If they are entitled to a special preemp-
tion over and above other men for one sixth, you
ought to give them a lien for the whole. If they
are prohibited from selling anything but certain
articles at a fair price, it would be just to give them
a li(jn for the whole: I hold that they are not en-
titled to any immunities and rights over and above
other traders in communities where our Army
moves. Let the whole traffic be thrown open for
fair competition. Let the soldier go where he can
buy cheapest. What does he want while in the
service of the United States? The soldier is well
clothed. He is well fed. He wants nothing, un-
less it may be a few penniesworth of tobacco,
and now and then a pan- of suspenders, and such
like. With a dollar or two in his pocket the sol-
dier can provide himself cheaply with everything
that he wants. These little articles, besides, aie
generally supplied by the soldier's-friends. Lx-
perience has satisfied me that the soldier is better
off without any money in his pocket, and without
credit. If soldiers have credit they will buy what
they want in camp, and will spend their pay on
stale pies, bad fruits, almonds, raisins, liquors,
&c. I believe, therefore, that the Senate amend-
ment, which deprives the sutler of a lien upon
the soldier's pay is right. If the soldier buys
from the sutler, let the sutler be on the same
footing as the general dealer. If the soldier is de-
serving of credit he can have it. If he is not, the
sutler should not give it to him. 1 think that the
interest of the soldier will be best protected when
you put obstacles in the way of his buying worth-
less articles from the sutler or anybody else. I
hope that the amendment to the amendment will
be voted down, and that the Senate amendment
will be concurred in.
Mr. DUNN. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs thought best to give the sutler a hen to a
limited extent. The House will observe that this
hen is only to the extent of one sixth of the monthly
pay of the officer or soldier. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] wants to lviiow
why any lien al all should be given to sutlers. I
will give him one reason, which I think might
have occurred to his own mind, ft is this: it is
expected that soldiers will bo sometimes killed in
battle. I should like to know what remedy the
sutler would have to recover the debt due to lum
by the killed soldier, unless he lmd a lien upon his
pay. The committee theiefore thought that the
sutler should have a lien to a limited amount, and
that amount it has fixed at about 1G per month
for the soldier.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is always a lien upon
the wages of the soldier, for the purpose of de-
fraying his funeral expenses; but I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana what security the general
dealerhas in the case of the death of a soldier who
is in his debt? '
Mr. DUNN. It is expected that the sutlershall
supply the necessities of the soldier where the
o-eneral dealer cannot reach the Army. If you
Throw open to all dealers the right to trade with
soldiers in their c.irapS; you will soon have a state
of general confusion in the Army. You must
either have sutlers, or persons perionYiing sivnilsi
duties under other names; and I see no particular
reason for changing the name and keeping the
thin"-. The committee think it best to let the sutler
have a limited hen only, because they do not want
to encourage soldiers to deal with sutlers, or su
lers to deal with soldiers, beyond the necessities
of the soldier. , .
Mr.HUTCIIINS. Will the gentleman explain
why it is that our soldiers must be restricted to
dealing with sutlers ?
Mr. DUNN. That is a question that needs
scarcely to be answered. If you were to permit cit-
izens generally to go within the lines everywhere -
and to trade with the soldier, you would, after a
while, have more traders than soldiers. You
would have your soldiers surrounded by men try-
ing to cheat them out of their last cent. It is for
the convenience of the sofdier that there shall be
sutlers in the Army. Under the provisions of -
the bill the sutler is bound to keep certain speci-
fied articles, the list of which is to be furnished
by the inspectors general, and these articles are to
be sold at a price fixed by certain officers of the
brigade. The prices will, of course, have to vary
somewhat, according to circumstances and the
location of the troops. The prices being fixed,
the next thing is, to what extent the sutler is to
have a lien. If he have an unlimited lien it will
be his interest to induce the soldier to buy to the
full amount of his pay, whether the articles are
necessary or not. If the lien be only to a limited
amount, the interest of the sutler expires when
the extent of the lien is reached. Soldiers some-
times lose their money. Sometimes they send it
to their families. Sometimes they gamble it away.
What then? Will you leave a man without the
means to buy his tobacco or cigars ? We all know
how men accustomed to these thingsprize them;
but men in the field, more than any other, feel the
want of these little comforts. I do not think that
the soldier can be harmed under the amendment
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the soldier is so improv-
ident as he is described to be by the gentleman
from Indiana, and runs debts up to one sixth of
his pay in the space of five days, what is he to do
for the rest of the month ?
Mr. DUNN. In the first place, I set a limita-
tion to the remark that I made about gambling in
the camps. I know that that vice exists to alim-
ited degree. Still, it does exist to some degree.
The gentleman wants to know what the soldier
is to do after he reaches the limit of the sutler's
lien ? Why, he will do just as well as he would
if the sutler had no lien at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] seems to be of the
opinion that the sutler can come to the pay table
and draw the whole of the soldier's pay, if he have
sold to that amount. Such is not my understand-
ing. Limit the lien to §2 16, and if the officer m
command forces the soldier to pay more than that,
he renders himself liable to a trial by court-mar-
tial, and to be dismissed from the service. The
gentleman wants to know why we should not as
well give alien on the soldier's pay to the dealers
on the cross roads, to those outside of the camp.
Why, sir, the sutler system is established for the
very reason that you have the sutler under mili-
tary authority. If he sells articles to the soldierin
violation of the law he can be punished; but what
punishment can you inflict on the man who sells
articles at the cross roads?
Now, if sutlers have sold raisins, almonds, and
other unfit articles to the soldiers, the fault is not
so much with the sutlers, as it is with the officer in
command of the regiment to which the sutler is
attached. He, not the sutler, is the responsible
party. This bill, however, provides aboard to
determine not only what articlesjthe sutler may
sell, but also at what prices they shall be sold.
Now, I desire to say one thing in reply to hie
gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is this, the
legislation that might be adapted to regiments ly-
ing beside a city like Washington is not adapted
to regiments that are pushed into Tennes„ee or
Virginia. In the latter case the soldier has to rely
on The sutler for the supply of those little articles
that are necessary for his comfort. It the sutler
does not supply them, the soldier has to do with-
out them.
Now, one single word m regard to these sut-
lers The utmost that a sutler is entitled to sell
to a'regiment is §2,160 worth of goods per month.
All the stories that .we have heard about thr enor-
mous profits of a sutler are absurd. If the ce.u-
mandin"- officer does his duty, the sutlerCiin make
no such profits. I have had some little experience
about this matter. If the sutler system
abolished, and our Army wore pubhetHonvimU
the soldier could not supply himself for £2 with
the articles which he could get fioin the suffer loi
