1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3065
Naval Academy shall be two for every member and dele-
gate of the House of Representatives-, to be appointed in the
same manner as appointments are now made at the Naval
Academy, two from the District of Columbia, and ten fiom
the States and Territories " at large." All appointments
shall be made between the 5tb of March and the lat of Au-
gust of each year. Bach candidate shall be between the
ages of fourteen and seventeen, physically sound, of robust
constitution. The examination shall be conducted accord-
ing to regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy. The appointments from the District of Columbia
and the ten " at large" shall be made by the .President, and
those appointed by the President shall pos&ess the same
qualifications as prescribed for those to be appointed from
the congressional districts. Any midshipman who shall
be dismissed upon the recommendation of the academic
board shall not be reinstated m the Navy; nor shall any
officer dismissed by the sentence of court-martial ever again
become an officer of the Navy.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That tiie students at
the Naval Academy shall be styled midshipmen and acting
midshipmen until their final graduating examination, when,
if successful, they shall he commissioned as ensigns, rank-
ing aecoi ding to mei it. The number allowed at the academy
shall be two for every member and delegate of the House
of Representatives, two for the District of Columbia, and
ten atlaige. They shall he between the ages of fourteen and
seventeen, physically sound and well formed, and of robust
constitution. Thev shall be examined lor admittance into
the academy according to the regulations which shall be
issued by the Secretaiy of the Navy, and if rejected, shall
not have the privilege of another examination, unless rec-
ommended by the board of examiners. The Presidentshall
select the two from the District of Columbia and the ten at
large. The latter shall be the sons of officers, petty officeis,
seamen, or marines, who have served m the Navy at sea,
or sons of officers or soldiers who have served m the armies
of the United States: Provided, That the President shall
also be allowed three yearly appointments of midshipmen,
who shall be not over seventeen years of age, who shall be
selected from boys enlisted in the Navy, and who have been
at least one year in the service, six months of which shall
have been sea service. Ail other appointments shall be be-
tween the 5th of Maich and 1st of August, upon recom-
mendation of the member or delegate, from actual residents
of his district. And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Navy, as soon alter tiie 5th of March as possible, to no-
tify, in writing, each member and delegate of any vacancy
that may exist m his district; and if said member or dele-
gate neglects to recommend a candidate by the 1st of Au
gust in that year, then it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Navy to fill the vacancy. Midshipmen or acting mid-
shipman deficient at any examination shall not be con-
tinued at the academy, or in the service, unless upon lee-
ommendation of the academic board; nor shall any officer
of the Navy who has been dismissed by sentence of a court-
martial, or suffered to resign to escape one, ever again be-
come an officer of the Navy.
t The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a mo-
tion to strike out one section, and insert another
section in lieu of it. The section proposed to be
stricken out, and the section proposed to be in-
serted, are both open to amendment before the
question on striking out and inserting shall be
taken.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to amend the section
proposed to be inserted by the committee. I de-
sire to strikeout the sentence beginning at the end
of the fifteenth line, down to the word " States,"
in the nineteenth line, in the following words:
The latter shall be the son;* of officers, petty officers, sea-
men, or marines who have seivcd in the Navy at sea, or
sons of officers or soldiers wiio have served in tiie armies
of the United States.
I concur entirely in the object sought to be ob-
tained by this provision. I have no doubt that it
is very proper that the young men contemplated
by this proposition should have the preference
that is here sought to be given; but unless I am
greatly mistaken, this very proposition will have
the effect to defeat the object soughtto be attained
in this way. Here is a member of Congress who
has the appointment of one or two cadets from his
district. An application is made to him to appoint
the son of an Army officer, or the son of a naval
officer. He is willing to appoint him; he knows
he ought to be appointed; but he says, " go to the
President; he has ten appointments at large; and
he is required to appoint just such persons as this;
he is restricted to that. I will appoint another
young friend,and you mayget your appointment
from the President." That will be the operation
of it all over the country; and the object of this
proposition will be thus defeated by the very means
that it was intended to secure. 1 am satisfied this
will be the practical effect of it. I have no doubt
that more sons of officers in the Army and the
Navy—threefold more—will be appointed to the
Naval School, if this proposition is stricken out,
than if it is suffered to icmain in. That is my
deliberate judgment. I agree that it is right that
these young men should have the preference over
the sons of civilians; but you will not secure it by
this provision. How is it now? In nine cases
outof ten,for the last ten years, the appointments
at large in the Military School have been given to
the sons of officers voluntarily. It has come to be
a usage with the President to do that. Now and
then there is an exception; but, as a general thing,
the sons of officers are preferred. It will be so
here. But, if you undertake by legislation to re-
strict the President to this class of appointments,
the effect will be to prevent members of Congress
from appointing this class of persons. That is my
judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. J am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York; and I sim-
ply desiie to say that it was the purpose and
intention of the law in regard to West Point to
reserve the ten appointments at large by the Pres-
ident for the sons of officers of the Army or Navy,
especially officers who were engaged in such ser-
vice that they substantially lost their State con-
nection. Thathasbeen violatedin many instances.
The appointments made last winter were made in
utter disregard of the purpose of the law; and un-
less this clause is kept in here it is probable that
there would be no sons of officers of the Army or
Navy appointed. They are generally removed to
distant points, and have no influence over local
members. The appointments made by local mem-
bers are almost always the sons of political friends
and persons who have some local influence in the
district, and therefore it would'be very rare that
a member of Congress would appoint the son of
an officer of the Army and Navy, and especially
of the regular Army. They have no political in-
fluence whatever, and cannot generally control
these appointments. Unless thes^ appointments
are specially reserved, these young men who are
generally by education and association the best
fitted for the service, will not getany chance atall.
I hope, therefore, that this reservation will be made
for their benefit.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not prepared to say how
the appointments have been made in the Military
Academy heretofore; whether they have been ap-
pointed from the sons of officers of the Army or
not. This proposition is to make these appoint-
ments in the Navy not from the sons of officers
of the Army and Navy alone, but from the sons
of officers and seamen, marines and soldiers in
the Army and Navy of the United States. The
purpose is principally on account of the effect that
it is calculated to have upon the men. I know
a great many likely young boys, st>ns of boat-
swains, carpenters, forward officers, about your
navy-yards. It would be a consolation to those
officers to know, when they go*into battle, to up-
hold the flag of the country, that there is a pro-
vision in the law by which these sons of theirs
may secure an appointment, and finally become
officers, and that the bestowment of these places
is not going to be restricted entirely to the sons
of politicians. If the effect of this measure should
be what the Senator from New Yoik apprehends,
I should regret it, and there is not a man here who
would be more anxious to repeal it if it should be
found to work in that way. I trust that it wiil not
so operate; and I hardly think it will; certainly
such is not the design. The purpose of the com-
mittee was to encourage, so far as such a provis-
ion as this would encourage, the men in both of
the services of the country, the military and the
naval, by holding out to them this inducement,
saying to them, " we will not only take care of
your widow, but we will educate your boy." And
then we have gone on and provided that the Pres-
ident shall have three appointments to the Naval
Academy from the boys who have enlisted as boys
in the naval service, to be conferred on such youths
as the one who distinguished himself on board the
Yaruna at the mouth of the Mississippi, and an-
other little boy who distinguished himself on the
Cumberland when she went down in Hampton
Roads.
It is a very smallbo&n,Mr. President. We have
now in the service of the United States thirty thou-
sand seamen, and I do not know how many sol-
diers—five hundred thousand, perhaps—and we
merely by this bill authorize the President to select
ten from the sons of those men, and agree that they
shall have an education at the Naval Academy. I
trust that the amendment of the Senator from New
York will not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
New York to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment as reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to strikeout the word
" seventeen*'where it occurs in two or three places
in this section, and insert " eighteen" as the max-
imum of the age of admission. I know it is a little
unfashionable to stand by old things and old rules.
Hitherto the limit in the Naval School has been
between the rges of fourteen and eighteen. It has
worked very well. I know that " young Amer-
ica" is very precocious, and that seventeen is a
pretty great age now-a-days; but after all I think
eighteen will do, and I think it will be better to
leave well enough alone. It has worked weli thus
far, and why change? It seems to be the order of
the day; but I think it will be better really to leave
the thing as it is, leave the limit wheie it always
has been since the Naval School was established,
between the ages of fourteen and eighteen. I can
see no reason why this innovation should be made
on that rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only say that this was
adopted upon the suggestion of those who are
very familiar with the service, and who think that
seventeen is the proper limit. They wanted to
have it fixed at sixteen; and it was extended to
seventeen by the committee in opposition to the
wishes of the Department.
Mr. HARRIS. There are a great many coun-
try boys who cannot get there before seventeen
or eighteen.
Mr. GRIMES. I am aware of that; but in the
English service they allow no boy to enter over
fifteen, and it is stated to be the fact that no man
makes a good officer or a good sailor who enters
after he is sixteen years of age.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. There is a little phraseology
in the second line that seems to me to need some
alteration. I do not know why this language is
adopted, and perhaps it is right:
That the students at the Naval Academy shall be styled
midshipman, and acting midshipmen.
Which, or both? What is to be the style of
them? It seems tome it should be either mid-
shipmen or acting midshipmen; one or theother
of these phrases should be stricken out. They
are now called acting midshipmen, and as I like
to stick by old things when they have proved good,
I move to strike out the words " midshipmen
and," leaving it to stand as it is now.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. HARRIS. They are called acting mid-
shipmen now.
Mr. HALE. There are midshipmen and acting
midshipmen now.
Mr. HARRIS. Not in the school.
Mr. HALE. Those in the school are called
acting midshipmen at one period, and midship-
men at another.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator will observe that
the language is:
The students at the Naval Academy shall be styled mid-
shipmen and acting midshipmen until their graduating ex-
amination.
Now, which shall it be ? I do not care which.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New York
understands it, I suppose. Who is he going to
have for midshipmen, then, under this bill ?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know, and do not
care; only these students should be named. They
should be midshipmen or acting midshipmen; I
do not care which.
Mr. GRIMES. As it is now organized, the
young men at the Naval Academy, while they
remain there on shore areactingmidshiprnen; but
when they go afloat, and before they are passed,
they are midshipmen. It is proposed under this
bill to call them acting midshipmen up to a cer-
tain time, until they shall have passed their two
years * examination, and after that they shall be
midshipmen.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not see that.
Mr. HALE. That is the discipline.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee,
to strike out the twelfth section, and insert a new
