1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
United States shall be the same as in the private
ship-yards at or nearest to the post where such
navy-yard is established, and the wages to be paid
toemployesin such yards shall be,asnearasmay
be, the average price paid to employes of the same
grade in private ship-yards in the same vicinity,
to be determined by the commandant of the navy-
yard.
The amendments proposed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs were read and agreed to, as
follows:
First amendment:
After the word "sixty," in line five, insert"two," so
that the clause shall iead " or shall be of the age of sixty-
two j «ars."
Second amendment:
In the fifth sseetiim of the bill, after the word " their," in-
sert '• respective;" and after the word " giade" insert the
letter "s," and strike out the word "now," so that the
clause will read:
That all officers ictired under the provisions of this act
fchall receive the retired pay of their respective grades as
fixed by law.
Third amendment:
In section eight, after the word " at," insert the words
<£ or nearest to," strike out the word " all," and also strike
out the word i( where it last occurs, and insert the
words " or woikshops in or nearest to," so that the section
will iead:
That the houis of labor in the navy-yanls of the United
States <hnll be the same in the puvate ship-yards at 01
neuiest to the post wheie such navy-jard is established,
and the wages to be paid to employes in such yards shall
be, a^> near as may bo, the average pi ice paid to employes
of the same grade in private ship-yards or workshops m or
nearest to the same vicinity, to be determined by the com-
mandant of the navy-yard.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I demand the previous
question upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which in the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD STEAMERS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the con-
struction of twenty iron-clad steamers; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman from
New York propose to put that bill upon its pas-
sage ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What will be the expense >
Mr. SEDGWICK. From live hundred thou-
sand to five hundred and eighty thousand dollars
cach. The appropriation is not asked for in this
bill, but is left to be brought m by the Committee
of Ways and Means in the naval appropriation
bill. The plans and estimates for constructing
these vessels are all perfected. It is desirable to
have them ready for service within the ensuing
four months, if possible.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Are there estimates for these
vessels in the repoit of the Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are specially recom-
mended in the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the appropriation required is there set forth.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from New York explain the phrase used in
the bill, " by contract or otherwise?"
Mr. SEDGWICK. The meaning is, that the
Secretary shall be authorized to have these ves-
sels built m part in private ship-yards, and that
he shall also be at liberty to contract for the iron
and other materials necessary to build them by
contract.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it understood
that where they are built in private ship-yards, it
may be without a previous contract?
Mr. SEDGWICK No; not at all.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does not the bill
so read ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the read-
ing of that poition of the bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•The Seeietan of thcXavj ^ hereby authorized and ein-
poweied to t au-e to be eon-truetcd, by eontiaet or other-
wise. he fchn.il deem best for the public interest, twentj
iion-clad steam s unboatv* &e.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out the words " or otherwise," and I expect the
aid of the investigating committee, of which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] is
chairman.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If they are built by con-
tract, of course they cannot, any partof them, be
built in the navy-yards,because they do notmake
contracts for the building of vessels in the navy-
yards.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I did not have that
explanation before. I understand now that the
words " or otherwise" apply to the navy-yards.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Certainly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And the word
" contract" applies to the building of ships in pri-
vate ship-yards?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I would pre-
fer that it should say, " by contract or in the public
ship-yards;" but the purpose I had in view could
be accomplished by striking out the word "con-
tract. " Now, if the navy-yards are able to furnish
these gunboats within a reasonable time, it is far
better, on the score of public economy, that they
should bo built at the navy-yards. If they cannot,
I am in favor of having them built and equipped
at the earliest possible moment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. They expect to do at the
navy-yards all that can possibly be done there;
but it is utterly impossible to construct twenty
gunboats in the navy-yards in the time within
which they piopose to have these boats con-
structed—four months.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am still not sat-
isfied that the bill is guarded as it ought to be.
We are all well aware, and the country is also
aware, or will be soon, that there has been some-
thing connected with the purchase, if not the
building, of ships within the last few months
which will justify a little closer scrutiny by this
House than perhaps ever before, and I submit to
the gentleman who is chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs that lie ought to guard the public
interests most carefully upon this point. Not
beingamemberof that committee, and not having
seen this bill, I am not prepared to suggest such
amendments now, after the explanation of the
gentleman, as will meet the case; butif the bill
has not been printed I trust the chairman will
allow a motion to print it to be made without
objection, and that the measure shall be taken up
to-morrow. I hope he will allow such time as
will enable us to prevent the possibility of any
frauds or of any extravagance, I care not which,
in regard to the building of these vessels. The
chairman of the committee can, very much better
than I, suggest phraseology that would meet the
point which I submit to the House, and I call
upon him, if he is not perfectly satisfied that there
is no room for any fraud or for any extravagance,
to submit an amendment of that kind.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do, for an ex-
planation, and that I may attain my object in
some other way if possible.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will state to the House
what is proposed to be done in respect to the
building of these boats. The plans of the vessels
have been under consideration for a long time in
the Navy Department. They have received the
most careful consideration of that Department,
and of a board of officers selected for the purpose.
They have at length fixed upon the plan that tlicy
think most efficient. These vessels are intended
to be of such draught and built m such a way that
they will be able to enter any harbor in the Uni-
ted States where there is over twelve feet of water
upon the bar. They are intended to be so pro-
tected as to be able, without injury, to run past
any forts or defenses of any such harbors; and
they have been calculated and designed expressly
in reference to this. The plans and details have
been elaborated, and specifications of the boats
have been prepared with the utmost care, and
competition from private ship-yards and from iron
manufacturers has been invited by the Navy De-
partment; so that if the boats are authorized to
be built to-day, the Secretary of the Navy is in
a condition to contiact immediately, inviting the
widest competition of ship-builders who are com-
petent to put afloat such vessels, and securing Uie
construction of them m the cheapest possible
manner to the Government.
Now, this is a matter that requires expedition.
The plans aie ieady to go into the hands of the
builders at any moment; and they have already
been examined by the most competent ship-build-
ers in the country. It is a case where the public
interests would be likely to suffer from delay in
the passage of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. At what cost did
the gentleman estimate each of these vessels?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The vessels are estimated
to cost not less than $500,000 each, and not more
than $580,000. 1 understand that they can be
constructed—the hulls to be built by one set of per-
sons and the machinery by another—at a price
not exceeding $580,000. They can be contracted
for now at that price, but the Department expect
to reduce it, say to $515,000, or $520,000, for each
vessel *
Mr." VALLANDIGHAM. Then I move to
add a proviso, that when the vessels are built by
contract the price paid shall not exceed $580,000.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That will embarrass the
Department.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. ThatiswhatI want.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The hulls of the vessels
may be built in the navy-yards, but the Govern-
ment is not prepared to build the whole machinery
of the vessels. They have no machine-shops from
which they can turn out marine engines. They
are not prepared to do it, and therefore no vessel
will be built wholly by contract, or wholly by the
Government, but in a far more economical way;
they will put the engines into the hands of those
who will construct them cheapest, and the hulls
into the hands of those who will build them cheap-
est. You cannot make contracts to cover tne
whole vessels; you must have part done in one
way and part in the other, to insure economy,
and to insure their being done within the time
when they are required to be done to be of any
service to the Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not under-
stand that the explanation of the gentleman pre-
cludes the4dea of contracting for that portion of
the work which may be done by private parties,
when a portion of the work is also done in the
public yards. If the limit be in these words,
"not to exceed $580,000," and the Secretary finds
it necessary, after having, in part, built these ves-
sels in the public yards, to contract for any por-
tion of them, he may very readily apportion the
price so that the whole shall not exceed the sum
of $580,000.
This, however, is not the purpose that I am
seekingby my amendment; but it is, as I said, to
embarrass the Department, not in the building of
these vessels, but in the extravagant expenditure
of money for that purpose; and I am the more
cautious upon that point because the investigating
committee has reported the appointment, by the
Secretary of the Navy, of an agent for the pur-
chase of vessels at a salary of some three hundred
thousand dollars. I think it is timc-for us to see
that no loop-hole of that character be given now;
and therefore it seems to me that I have a right
to say that it is the duty of this House to embar-
rass the Secretary of the Navy, or any other ex-
ecutive officer, so that he shall not bo permitted
to indulge in extravagant expenditures of money
either for purposes of favoritism, or with reck-
lessness and without any purpose at all.
I submit, then, that the amendment which I
have proposed ought to be adopted by the House,
limiting the amount which each of these vessels
shall cost, where a contract is made with a pri-
vate person, to the sum estimated by the Navy
Department and by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. If that is too small a sum
to secure the construction of these vessels in the
very best possible manner, so that they may be
able to compete with similar vessels of England
or France, or any other nation, then let the limit
be increased, but still let us have some limit.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill appropriates some
twelve or fifteen million dollars. It authorizes the
construction of vessels that will cost that sum.
That is a very large sum of money. The bill is
not printed. I therefore suggest the propriety of
postponing its consideration to some future day,
when the bill may be printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I spoke a few min-
utes ago of the salary of the agent for purchas-
ing vessels being $300,000. I should ',ia,vensl?l«
that his compensation was at the rate of $300,000
a year; and 1 also should have said that the ap-
pointee is a brother-in-law of the Secretary of the
