124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Navy. In the present public emergency it is of
the last importance that the construction of these
vessels shall commence at the earliest possible
moment. There is not an hour to be lost. But
at the same time it is our right and duty to guard
against any extravagance on the part of those to
whom we are obliged to commit, or choose to com-
mit, the construction of these vessels. I demand
the previous question on the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. To what time does the gen-
tleman from Indiana propose to have this matter
postponed?
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose to have it post-
poned till two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] has made a statement
in regard to the compensation of the agent of the
Government for the purchase of vessels at the port
of New York which is erroneous, and I desire,
respectfully to him, to correct it. I know not
what the select committee on contracts may have
reported, but X do know the terms on which the
gentleman referred to has made purchases for the
Government. Instead of his receiving a compen-
sation at the rate of $300,000 per annum, he re-
ceives no compensation whatever from the Gov-
ernment. I do not stand here to defend the acts
of the Secretary of the Navy with reference to
these purchases, or, indeed, any other of his acts;
but I desire to state the simple fact that the gen-
tleman referred to has received his compensation
for the purchase of vessels, in accordance with the
commercial usage of the port of New York. He
has received his compensation in all instances from
the vendor of the vessel at the rate of two and a
half percent, on the purchase money; and I repeat
he has received no compensation from the Gov-
ernment, either at the rate of $300,OOj) per annum
or at any other rate. The compensation which he
has received is fixed by the Chamber of Commerce
of the State of New York, and is paid in all ill-
stances in the purchase of vessels.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to call on
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dayves]
' for an explanation of this matter, as I find that the
report has been sent to the printer, and that I can
not lay my hand 011 it.
Mr. DAWES. The report of the Committee
011 Government Contracts has been made only this
morning, and has not been circulated in the House.
It has been set down for consideration at an early
period. I suggest, therefore, to the gentleman
from New York, that it is hardly just to the com-
mittee, hardlyjust to thegentleman whomheseeks
to defend, thus to interject into the considera-
tion of this bill the remarks which he has made.
Whenever the report and resolutions submitted
by the committee shall be regularly before the
House, I doubt not that every member of the com-
mittee will hold himself ready to sustain and sub-
stantiate, by incontrovertible proof, every allega-
tion and every assertion that they have made in
their report. To that report, and to the evidence
submitted in support of it, they prefer to refer the
House at this time, without entering into any jus-
tification of it or making any reply to the assertions
made by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move the previous ques-
tion on the pending motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was postponed till to-morrow, at two
o'clock, p. m., and ordered to be printed
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. MALLOB.Y. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that my colleague [Mr. Hard-
ing] shall have leave to print the concluding por-
tion of his speech, which he was debarred from
delivering this morning by the expiration of his
hour.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
ARMY AND NAVY SHOES.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thar the special committee to investigate con-
tracts, be directed to impure into the contracts foi fui m-ii-
m^shous to tile Army ;ind Navy, and the lelative cost of
different materials and kinds, ami report to this House.
Mr. TRAIN. I object.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DUELL asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House certain papers to
be transmitted to the Commissioner of Pensions.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSCOE CONK-
LING, (at ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 18,1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE) COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of "War, in answer
to the resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant,
relative to fugitive slaves in Missouri; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 132) to provide for allotment cer-
tificates among the volunteer forces;
A bill (No. 152) for the relief of the owner of
the British ship Perthshire;
A joint resolution (No. 19) in relation to prop-
erty held by the provost court in Alexandria,
Virginia; and
A joint resolution (No. 21) to suspend the ap-
pointment of assessors and collectors under the
income tax.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 82) to
further promote the efficiency of the Navy, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was asked.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN" EYCK. I present the petition of
James H. Morris, president of the Burlington
Island Land Association, praying Congress to
establish a national armory and foundery on Bur-
lington Island, between the city of Burlington, in
the State of New Jersey, and Bristol, in the State
of Pennsylvania, in the river Delaware. The peti-
tion is voluminous, and I shall not undertake to
read it, or ask that it may be read, but beg leave
to state in a condensed form some of the requisites
which the petitioner thinks characterizes this loca-
tion for such a purpose.
It is represented to possess the requisite power
to drive the machinery demanded by such works;
or, in this age when steam has so generally super-
seded the use of water-power, facility in procur-
ing the fuel necessary for the production, in the
most economical manner, of such power—a posi-
tion where health may be enjoyed and subsist-
ence be cheaply obtained; a locality that com-
bines in an eminent degree a facility of obtaining
materials and supplies of the character needed for
carrying on such works at low prices; a locality,
also, that combines facility in the distribution in
the most convenient and economical manner of
the arms to be manufactured, and also peculiaily
situated with regard to safety from attack and
capture during war.
The petition also modestly refers to the patriot-
ism which the State of New Jersey has exhibited
in times past and present, and states that the State
has never been recognized in the distribution of
any public favor. I beg leave to ask that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present the
petition of several hundred citizcns of St. Louis,
in the State of Missouri, who were laborers upon
the fortifications which were erected there, and
who state that they labored at seventy-five cents
or a dollar a day, and that there is due to them
from twenty tothiity dollars each—small amounts
which are unpaid, and which they greatly need.
They are laboring men, and can ill"afford to do
without the small compensation which they are
entitled to for the labor they have performed. I
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented a memorial of
William Tritt and others, citizens of Winnebago
county, in the State of Wisconsin, praying for the
unconditional liberation of slaves of rebels, and for
allowing for the emancipated slaves of loyal per-
sons a fair pecuniary award; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Charles T.
Harris and others, citizcns of Walworth county,
Wisconsin, praying the passage of an act making
homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at least one
eighth of the regular appointments in the medical
staff of the Army and Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented the petition of E. B. Hatch
and others, of Clinton,in the State of Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Louisa Ham-
mond and other ladies of the State of Wisconsin,
praying for the enactment of a law proclaiming
the freedom of slaves; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the memorial of William
Rullman, of the city of Baltimore, praying for the
payment of a sum of money for damages done his
property by the forcible occupation thereof, as a
camp, in the summer of 1861, by Colonel Abel
Smith's thirteenth regimentof the New York State
militia, while in the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of J. R.
Johnson and others, citizens of the town of Tops-
ham, in the State of Vermont, in which they earn-
estly call upon Congress to immediately repeal
the fugitive slave law of 1850; and they proceed
to assign four several reasons; among winch it is
alleged that the continuance of this statute on the
statute-book of the nation any longer is without
the shadow of excuse, since the great body of those
for whose supposed benefit it was enacted are now
in open rebellion against the Government; and
further, because the law is inherently cruel and
unjust, and in direct violation of the Divine law
which expressly declares: 51 Thou shalt not de-
liver unto his master the servant that has escaped
from his master unto thee." I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which has the subject now under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Robert Jennings and others, praying for the ap-
pointment of a veterinary surgeon for each regi-
ment of cavalry and a proportion for artillery;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of N.
B. Palmer and others, settlers on the Delaware
lands in Kansas, praying for relief from the claims
of the Leavenworth and Pawnee Railroad Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
Walters, a messenger in the headquarters of the
Army, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Alexander J. Atoelia,
praying tile payment ofhis claim against Mpxico umierthe
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, of the 2d of February, 1848,
on the files of the Senate, he leferred to the Committee tin
Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
89) to amend the act of the yd of March, 1837,
entitled " An act supplementary to the act entitled
' An act to amend the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States,' " repoited it with ail amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred so much of
the President's message as iclatesto the claim of
the owner of the British ship Perthshire, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 116)
for the relief of the owner of the British ship
Perthshire. The bill was read and passed to a
second leading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
