1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TEN EYCK asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
117) to establish a national armory and foundery
on Burlington Island, in the State of New Jersey;
which was twice read by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
118) to incorporate the " Guardian Society" for
the reformation of juvenile offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
119) confirming a land claim in the States of Iowa
and Minnesota, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 120)
in addition to an act to refund and remit the duties
on arms imported by States, approved July 10,
1861; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, of which no previous notice has been given.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill, (S. No. 121) for the collection
of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts, and for
other purposes; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have some doubts my-
self as to which is the most appropriate committee
to whom this bill should be referred; and without
at all taking up the time of the Senate to make
any remarks about the bill, I beg leave to read it,
in order to call it to the attention of the Senate.
I am doubtful somewhat whether it should go to
the Committee on Finance, to the Committee on
the Judiciary, or to the Committee on Public
Lands, as some questions are involved that may
perhaps come appropriately under the jurisdiction
of either of those committees. I will read the bill
instead of making a speech in explanation of its
provisions. It is in these words:
A bill for the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Con grew assembled, That
when m any State or Territory, oi in any portion of any
State or Territory, by reason of insurrection or lebellion,
the civil authouty ot the Government of the United State-;
is obstiucted so that the provisions of the act entitled "An
act to piovide increased levenuc from imports, to pay in-
teicst on the public debt, and for other purposes,'* appioved
August 5, 1861, lor assessing, levjmg, and collecting the
diiect taxes therein mentioned cannot be peaceably exe-
cuted, the said direct taxes by said act appoitioned among
the several States and Territories respectively,shall heap-
portioned and charged in each State and Tenitorv, or pait
thereof, wheiem the civil authority is thus obstiucted, upon
all the lands andlotsofgtonnd s-nuate thereinlespectively,
except such as are exempt from taxation by the laws of
said State, or of the United States, as the said lands or lots
ol'ground weie enumeiated and valued under the last cen-
sus of the United States, and each and every p.ucel of the
said lands according to said valuation are hereby declared
to be by virtue of this act charged with the payment of so
much of the whole tax laid and apportioned by said act
upon the State or Teiritory wherein the same are respec-
tively situate, as shall bear the same direct propoi tion to the
whole amount of the direct tax apportioned to said States
or Territories, as the value of said parcels of land shall re-
spectively bear to the whole valuation of the teal estate in
said State or Terntoiy accoiding to the said census.
Sec. 2. And be it Jurther enacted, That on or bcfoie the
22d day of February next, the President by his proclamation
shall declare in what States and parts of States said insur-
rection exists, and thereupon the said seveiai lots and par-
cels of land shall become charged respectively with their
respective pniaon<. of '-mil direct tax, without any otheror
fuither pioceedmg whatever.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it j wither enact cd, That it shall be lawful for
the owner oi owncis of Kud lots or parcel* of land, within
sixty day* theieaiter, to pay the tax thus chaiged upon the
same lespeerively uito the Tieasmy of Hie United Slates
and take a cemticate theieof, by xirtue whereof the said
lands shall be disduuged tioni --aid tax.
Sec. 4. And be it further ena<ted, That the title in fee
simple of. in. and to each and even piece oi paieel of laud
not ledeemed fiout said tax a.-* above ptovidcd. "hall there-
upon \e*t m the United States and then a-Mgn* forever.
She. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in consideration
of the great los-.es and tumbles biought upon the lo\al cit-
izens of said lii-niieetionaiy State* and di-met-. it -hall
and may he law ful toi am Io\ al citizen ot the I tnted Stat* s,
whose title shall he diverted a^ above piovnhd, oi his as-
sign*, if loyal citizens, at any time within tw o yeai^ alter
the said titles become vested m the United States as abo\ e
piovided, to icdeeni their said lots ot paiceis ol land, l">
pawng the amount of said tax, ami ten pet cent, annual
interest theieon, to the board of commissioner heiemattei
mentioned.
Sec. 6. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advicp and consent of
the Senate, may appoint a board of three commissioners
for each of said States in which such insurrection exists,
with a salary of $3,000 per annum, to give security in the
sum of §50,000 each, in such form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall direct, to be approved by him, for the faith-
ful performance of all their duties as such, and to account
for and pay over all money or other property coming into
their hands.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said board of
commissioners shall enter upon the discharge of the duties
of their office whenever the commanding general of the
forces of the United States entering into any such insurrec-
tionary State or district shall have established the authority
of the United States throughout any parish, or district, or
county of the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of said board of commissioners summarily to inquire,
hear, and deteimine which of said lots or parcel4? of land
belonged to loyal citizens of the United States, and to cer-
tify the same, and also to inquire which of the said lots or
parcels of land belonged to persons engaged in or aiding and
abetting said rebellion, when the title vested in the United
States, and to certify the same; and said certificate shall
be taken in all courts and places to be prima facie evidence
of the fact of the loyalty or disloyalty of the former owner
or owners of said lots or parcels of land, when the title be-
came vested as aforesaid in the United States.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said commis-
sioners shall be authorized, in the name of the United
States, to lease the said parcels of land which belonged to
disloyal persons tor and until the said rebellion and insur-
rection in said State shall be put down and the authority of
the United States established, and the people of said State
shall elect a Legislatuie'and State officers loyal to the Con-
stitution of the United States, to be announced by the proc-
lamation of the President, and until the first day of March
next thereafter, said leases to be in such form and with
such security as bhall, in thejudgmentol said commission-
ers, produce to the United States the greatest revenue, sub-
ject to the approval of the President.
Sec. 30. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioner shall from time to time make sucli temporary
rules and i emulations and insert such clauses in said leases
as shall be just and proper to secure proper and reasonable
employment and support, at wages or upon shares of the
crop, of such persons and families as may be residing upon
the said parcels or lots of land, which said rules and regu-
lations are declared to be subject to the appiovul of the
President, and to be by him submitted to the next session
of Congress foi their approval or modification.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the said board
of commissioners, by and with the appioval of the com-
manding gcneial in said di.stnct, may from tune to time
make such temporaiy luies for the oider and government
of all peisons residing withm the said district as shall be
just and humane, until the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment and a loyal State government shall be established
as aforesaid, which said rules and regulations shall be
approved by the President, and be by him submitted to the
next session of Congress for their revision and modifica-
tion.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the said board
of commissioners, under the duection of the Piesulent, may
be authonzed, instead of leasing the said lands formerly
owned by the said disloyal peisons and vested m the United
States as above provided, to cause the same or any portion
thereof lo be sold 111 patcels not to exceed acres to
any one purchaser, at public sale, after giving due notice
thereof, as upon the sale ofothei public lands of the United
States, for sixty days, and to issue a patent therefor, and
that at any such sale any loyal citizen of the United State*,
or anv person who shall have faithfully sei vedas an officer,
musician, or private or sailor in the Army or Navy of the
United State*, as a regular or volunteei foi the term of six
months may become the puichaser.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the proceeds of
said sale shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, one third of which shall be paid over to the Gov-
ernor of said State, wherein said lands aie situated, or his
authonzed agent, when such insurrection shall be put down,
and the people shall elect a Legi-lature and State officers
loyal to the Constitution of the United States, and such fact
shall be proclaimed by the Piesulent for the purpose of re-
imbursing the loyal citizens of said State, or for such other
put pose as said State may dircet. And one third shall also
be paid over to said State as a fund to aid in the coloniza- ;
tion or emulation fiom said State of any nee person of j
African descent who may desire to icmove thciefrom, to |
Hayti, Liberia, or any other tropical State or colony. |
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That this act shall j
take effect from and after its passage. J
There are questions involved here that perhaps ,
would go with propriety to the Judiciary Com- j
nnttee; there are questions that might go to the |
Committee on Public Lands; but as the subject is '
one in relation to finance and the raising of money,
I am inclmcd to move its reference to the Com- ;
mittee on Finance. (
The motion was agreed to. j|
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move also that the bill :j
be printed. j|
The motion was agreed to. j|
TRADE WITH THE INDIANS. ;■
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following j
! resolution; which was considered, by unanimous ■
1 consent, and agreed to: ;
Resolved* That the Committee on Indian Afiaiis be re-
qunut to luqmie into the prupiiety of passing an act pio- |
' lnbiting the i^nance of licenses to trade with the Indians, ;
i as lecommended by the Secretaiy of the Interior. i
PROCLAMATION OF GENERAL PHELPS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish the Senate with a copy of the proclamation of Briga-
dier General J. W. Phelps, uto the loyal citizens of the
Southwest;'5 and also to inform the Senate whether said
proclamation was made by order of the Secretary of War,
or with his knowledge or consent, and by what authority
said proclamation was made.
Mr. WILSON objected to the present consid-
eration of the resolution, and it lies over under
the rule.
MANAGEMENT OF HOSPITALS.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
theMilitia'be instructed to consider whether any legislation
is necessary to correct the evils now existing in the condi-
tion and management of the hospitals of the Army.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, from various
sources there come to us complaints of the man-
agement of the medical department of the Army,
from the field hospitals and from hospitals located
in thedepartmentsat Baltimore, Fortress Monroe,
St. Louis, this city, and other places. I have,
therefore, introduced this resolution for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the committee es-
pecially to the subject, and I hope the Senate will
adopt it.
The resolution was adopted.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. A bill has been returned from
the House of Representatives, which has already
passed the Senate, to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy. The House of Represent-
atives have made one slight amendment to raise
the age fixed for the retirement of naval officers
from sixty to sixty-two years; the other amend-
ments are verbal. I move to take up the bill, so
that we may concur in the amendments and let it
become a law.
The motion was agreed to.
The first amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to insert " two"after " sixty,"in
line six of the first section, so as to make it read:
Whenever the name of any naval officer now in the
service, or who may hereafter be in the service of the Uni-
ted States,«hall have been borne on the Naval Register forty-
five years, or who shall be of the age of sixty-two years, he
shall be retired from active service, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in the fifth section,
line three,to insert" respective" before " grade,"
and add the letter " s"to "grade," and to strike out
the word " now" before " fixed;" so as to make
the section read:
That all officers retired under the provisions of this act
shall receive the retired pay of their respective grades as
fixed by law.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section eight, line
three, after the word " at" to insert " or nearest
to;" in line four, to strike out "all" before "be,"
and insert " to" before " employes;" in line five,
and in line seven, to strike out "in," and insert
" workshops in or nearest to;" so as to make the
section read:
That the hours of labor in the navy-yards of the United
States shall be the same a* in the private ship-yards at or
nearest to the poitwheie such navy-yard is established, and
the wages to be paid to all employes in such yards shalj be,
as near as may be, the average price paid to employes of
the same grade m puvate ship-yards and workshops m or
nearest to the same vicinity, to be deteimined by the com-
mandant of the navy-yard.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 132) to provide for allotment cer-
tificates among the volunteer forces—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 152) for the relief of the owner of
the British ship Perthshire—to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
A joint resolution (No. 19) in relation to prop-
erty held by the provost court of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 21) to suspend the nn-
