126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
pointment of assessors and collectors under the
income tax—to the Committee on Finance.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF ME. POLK.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, which I
shall ask to have referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Trusten Polk, ofMissouri, now a traitor
to the United States, be expelled, and he hereby is expelled
from the Senate.
There are one or two other eases like that,
■which are now pending before the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I move the reference of this
resolution to the same Committee; but before the
vote is taken 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is whether the Senate will consent to the consid-
eration of the resolution to-day. The Chair hears
no objection, and the resolution is before the Sen-
ate. The question is on referring it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I wish to have a letter
that has been sent to me more than once, several
times, by citizens of St. Louis, which appears in
the papers there, read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Senator Polk.—The public have been under the im-
pression for some time that Trusten Polk, one of the
Senators front this State, was at Washington; not in the
performance of his duties, but still there. The telegraph
so stated without any reseivation. But we infer fiom a
dispatch to the Now York Times of the 12th, that such was
not the fact. That dispatch says:
"4 Hon. Trusten Polk, of Missouri, is expected daily in
Washington, to resume his seat in the United States Sen-
ate. lie will be confronted by the following letter, written
by him to one P. S. Wilkes, jiu-t-before the battle of Wil-
son's Creek. Wilkes was editing a secession paper in
Southwest Missouri. Nothing else will be needed to secuie
Polk's expulsion as a traitor:
(ii Dear Sir : Above I send my check toyc\u for the Equal
Rights Gazette, Ft is all I can do, and I conld not do even
that much untri now. You have heard of the difficulty that
the Bulletin has fallen into. I have had to "ante up" there
at the raie of $200. I hope the triends there have made
arrangements which will insure the permanence of the
paper. It has been and is doing good service. I have made
a speech (yesteiday) on the stale of affairs, southern rights,
and the position of JYIi^jsoun, piesent and futuie, which 1
will send you as soon as published in pamphlet for dintuba-
tion. In the mean time I will send it in slips, and if the
Gazette can stand the draft on its columns, and you approve
of it, and think it will do good in forming correct public
sentiments in Southwest Missouri, please have it published.
Dissolution is now a fact; not only a fact accomplished,
but thrice repeated. Everything heie looks like inevitable
and final dissolution. Will Missouri hesitate a moment to
go with her southern sisters? I hope not. Please let me
hear from you. I would bo glad to keep posted as to the
condition of things in Southwest Mt^souii. I like Governor
Jackson's position. It looks like adherence to the u Jack-
son resolutions."
" < I am tiuly your friend, TRUSTEN POLK.
" ' P. S. Wilkes, Esq., Springfield, Mo.'
" Within a day or two it has been given out that Governor
Polk, instead of making his way to Washington, as was
supposed,took a deeidedlysouthem direction ; thatguides
weie employed to take him in the direction of New Madnd,
and thai by tins tune he is in the southern confederacy. It
is not at all unlikely."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of opposing the motion to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I would
not have said a word had it not been for the in-
troduction of that letter. I believe, although that
paper has appeared generally in the press"of the
country, that it is not a genuine letter, and so will
everybody believe who is acquainted with Trus-
ten Polk. He is a native of my own State;
from early boyhood he has been an exemplary
Christian, a member of a religious denomination;
and when the phrase is used in that letter, pro-
fessing to have been written by Trusten Polk,
that he had to "ante up $200," I am satisfied the
language is not the language of Trusten Polk.
He is not familiar with scenes where hundreds of
dollars are " anted up," and those in the State of
Delaware who have known him for years, as well
as those who reside in the State of Missouri, will
give no credit whatever to the genuineness of that
letter until there shall be some proof before the
Senate or before the committee that it is genuine.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not pretend to express
an opinion on the genuineness of the letter. I
have seen it in several newspapers, and my atten-
tion has been especially called to it by several
correspondents in Missouri, who have stated that
its genuineness cannot be questioned. If I under-
stand the Senator from Delaware, his argument
against the genuineness of the letter is, that there
is a phrase in that letter which he thinks Trusten
Polk could never have written—a phrase of doubt-
ful style or doubtful grammar. I do not make
any question on that point. I am not familiar
enough with Trusten Polk to be a judge of his
style; nor is the Senate here to sitin judgment on
his style; but it is to sit in judgment on his public
conduct; and if that letter is genuine, there can
be no question what will be the duty of this body.
Believing that the inquiry is important; believing
that it is the duty of this body to purge itself of
the traitors who have too long found a sanctuary
here; believing that the country requires it, and
justly expects it at our hands, I have felt it my
duty to introduce the resolution. The Senate, I
believe, have heard, too, that within a few days
this person has found his way to Memphis. Why
is he at Memphis, when he should be at Wash-
ington ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know nothing, Mr.
President, about the location of Trusten Polk. 1
know nothing of the acts which he may or may
not have committed of disloyalty to the Govern-
ment. If he has been guilty of any act of dis-
loyalty to the Government, such as would require
his expulsion from this body, I have no objection
to his expulsion from the Senate, but I myself
would vote—however much I have esteemed him
heretofore—for his expulsion. But, sir, when a
letter is introduced to make the impression on this
body that he has been guilty of disloyalty to the
Government, which letter bears internal evidence
that it is not his—not from any fault of grammar,
or perhaps of style, but from fault of morals,
using language which is used in scenes and places
not familiar to Trusten Polk—those who have
been his personal friends have a right to proclaim
their want of belief in the genuineness of the
letter. I was not opposing the reference of the
resolution to the Judiciary Committee. It is a
very proper reference, and I am perfectly willing
for the Senator to go on, and purge the body of
all the traitors that arc in it. I make no objection
to that, if lie can find them, or if they are here, or
if they have been here. But, sir, injustice ought
not to bedorie to the private character of any gen-
tleman, simply because a popular clamor may
have been raised against him, and simply because
he may not be in his seat to defend himself. There
may be very good reasons why Trusten Polk is
not here, unconnected altogether with any views
which he may entertain upon the present troubles
of the country.
Mr. BAYARD. The motion before the Sen-
ate I believe is, to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I have not the slightest
objection to that motion; I think it is the proper
course for the resolution to take; but I might as
well state now the view that I take of this ques-
tion. I have no doubt whatever that if Mr. Polk,
being a Senator of the United States, has gone
into the confederate States, it would be sufficient
ground for the Senate to expel him from a seat in
this body; but 1 am unwilling to act upon a mere
I'umor. The committee may make inquiry. The
fact is certainly susceptible of satisfactory proof.
The mere statements of newspapers, we all know,
cannot be and ous>ht not to be relied upon for the
purpose of affecting the action of this body. On
a reference to a committee, the fact may bo ascer-
tained. The fact itself of going out of the reach
of the process of the Senate of the United States,
and into States which are now at war with the
United States, would be sufficient, in my judg-
ment, to justify the expulsion. But suppose the
fact should turn out to be that Mr. Polk is still
within your jurisdiction—shall 1 say within the
reach of y our process—then, in myjudgment, you
would be bound at least to give him a hearing, and
the further question might arise, if you meant to
expel him on account of treason, whether the ac-
tion ought not to be by the House of Representa-
tives, originating an impeachment and bringmgit
before you, sitting as a judicial body. Then the
effect of your sentence would be notmerely to re-
move him from his present seat, but to incapaci-
tate him hereafter trom holding any office of honor,
tuist, or profit under the United States. If he is i
within reach of your process, where your courts
areopen,thatistheappropriate course to be taken; '
it he is not, if he has gone beyond the reach of!
that process, then I admit that the Senate, having
the absolute power of control over its own mem-
bers by a vote of two_ thirds, the fact of a Senator
going into States which are at open war with the
United States, under such circumstances, would 1
justify his expulsion by the Senate of the United
States. These are my views. I want the facts
ascertained, though, and I think the reference is
proper, for the purpose of getting at them.
Mr. BROWNING. It is, perhaps, proper that
I should state, as some question is made about
the genuineness of this letter, that a similar copy
to the one presented by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has-been transmitted to me by three or
four different persons of St. Louis, Missouii. I
know nothing of the genuineness of the letter my-
self; but one gentleman of as high character, stand-
ing, and intelligence as any in St. Louis, who in-
closed a copy of the letter to me, assured me that
its genuineness was beyond all doubt or ques-
tion, and that he hoped to be able in a few days
to transmit the original; that it was in St. Louis,
and he was endeavoring to get it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agieed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD SURVEYS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution in relation to the correction and publication
of certain maps showing certain surveys of the
Pacific railroad, to report the same back with an
amendment,andrecommend its passageas amend-
ed. I am also instructed to ask for its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to considering the report at the present time?
The Chair hears none. The Secretary will read
the report.
The Secretary read it. The original resolution,
as introduced by Mr. McDougall on Monday
last, was as follows:
Resolved, That for the purpose of making corrections in
the plate of the " map of Terntory and military depaitment
of Utah/' compiled in the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neers. and t^r printing one thousand copies of the same for
Pacific lathoad purposes ; also foi piintmg the same num-
ber of eopie> of the upper half of the general map of the ter-
ntory of the United States, compiled by the War Depart-
ment, showing Pacific railroad surveys, there be, and is
hereby, appiopnated, out of the contingent fund of the
fcJenate, the sum of §650.
The Committee on Printing reported the reso-
lution, with an amendment to strike out all after
the word " Resolved," and insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That there be appropi iated out of the contingent fund of
the Senate the sum or' $650, $500 of which, or so much
thereof as may be necessaiv, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Bureau of Topographical Engineers for mak-
ing the alteration and concction of the engraved plate of
the Territory and military department of Utah belonging to
the bureau, and the punting of one thousand copies of the
map: also $lf>0, or so much thereof as may be necps«ary,
undci the direction of the Superintendent of Pubhe Print-
ing, for printing the same number ol copies ot the upper
halt of the general map of the terntory of the United States
prepared by the War Depaitment, showing the Pacific rail-
road Mirveys.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. I would be obliged to the chair-
man of the committee who reported this resolu-
tion, if he would give us the reason for paying this
money out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
It seems to me a general appropriation ought to
come out of the general fund; but I will hear the
chairman on that point.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have. no objection to a
modification of the resolution in that'form. The
resolution was drawn in that way when it was
sent to the committee, and they did not alter it.
Mr. HALE. I have nothing to say about it,
but I am a little unwilling to tax the contingent
fund of the Senate with an appropriation which,
it seems to me, .should come fiom the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator can move to
amend it.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to strike out that
portion which makes the appropriation from the
contingent fund of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be permitted, all printing ordered by the Senate
is paid for out ot the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Very well; then I have not a word
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. D1X.ON. I ask for the reading of the
amendment and the resolution.
The Secretary again read them
