1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to be factious about
this matter, but I desire to make a single sugges-
tion. Although the remark of the Vice President
is strictly true, that where the Senate orders print-
ing it pays for it out of the contingent fund, it is
printing1, generally, that is for the use of the Sen-
ate, and not printing of a general character, which
ought to be paid for out of the general funds of the
Treasury.
Mr. DIXON. I will inquire whether the rule
does not demand that that resolution should be
referred to a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the report of
a committee.
Mr. DIXON. I mean the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the report of
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. I merely wish to observe
that the extra documents we print for the use of
bureaus and heads of Departments are always
paid for out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will not interpose any further
objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think, Mr. President,
if the subject which has been committed by this
body to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad is
to be pursued at all, they will want these maps
for their own use and for the use of the Senate.
These two maps have been published by the Gov-
ernment heretofore. The Senate itself may not
use all the number called for by this resolution;
but we may as well publish what may be neces-
sary for the use of the House, Senate, and heads of
Departments. The committee cannot work with-
out having the maps before them, showing the
various surveys that have been made, all of which
have been published heretofore, but are not now
within our command.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate now
resume the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary upon the memorial of Mr.
Stanton, respecting his seat in this body as a Sen-
ator of the United States from Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that, perhaps an
hour ago, the answer of the sitting member from
Kansas was furnished me, and I have read it
thiough. i find in it statements which excite in
my own mind very grave doubts of the correct-
ness of the report of the committee. I have been
examining the report, and the authorities to which
I have been referred, as well as I could in the
Senate here; but every Senator will see that it is
not the place to examine a constitutional question
or a legal point; and I shall be glad if the Senator
who has this subjectm charge would let it lie until
to-morrow, that I may examine the question a
little further. I make this request only with the
desire to arrive at a distinct and satisfactory con-
clusion m my own mind, and to present, perhaps,
my views to the Senate, if I should disagree with
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. FOSTER. Personally, Mr, President, of
course I can have no objection to any delay in this
matter that may satisfy the convenience of the
members of the Senate; but I must say that it
seems to me to ask delay on this question at this
time is setting at naught a principle on which I
suppose this body leposes with firmness always;
and that is, that no subject can be of moie import-
ance to us than the right organization of this body.
No question can he more vital. No question should
receive more early and more prompt examination.
This question was brought to the attention of
the Senate at the extra session in July last. It
was then referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The Judiciary Committee had a hearing upon it,
and postponed a leport from time to time at the
request of the sitting member. They finally made
a report. The i oport was brought to the attention
of the Senate, and its consideration was postponed
fiom time to time to suit the convenience of the
sitting member, and those who had not, as they
said, sufficient time to make an examination, until
it became impossible to consider the question dur-
ing the extra session, and it was postponed until
this session. We are now near the close of the
third week of this session, and the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says that a document
has been laid on his table this morning, which he
has hastily examined, necessarily, during the ses-
sion of the Senate, and the examination of it leads
him to doubt the correctness of the result to which
the Committee on the Judiciary have arrived, and
he is desirous of further time to examine that ques-
tion so that he may express his views against the
report, if the result of his examination should lead
him to dispute its correctness.
Now, Mr. President, I must submit in all can-
dor that the examination of this question should
have been made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire at an earlier day. It is time this question
was decided. If any document has been laid on
the tables of Senators this morning throwing any
new light on this sublect, it comes at a late day;
it comes too late unless there has been some
extraordinary reason for keeping back this light
until this time. All the light that could have been
thrown on this subject should have been thrown
upon it before. If anything new has arisen which
could not have been communicated earlier, that
of course is a sufficient reason; but if no new fact
has arisen, and if the light which is now shed upon
the subject might havg been shed upon it in July
or a fortnight or three weeks ago, I submit we
ought not to delay a decision of this question in
consequence of any suggestion now made. If,
after the examination of the report of the com-
mittee, it shall seem that their views are errone-
ous, imperfect, unsound, of course it is in the
power of the Senate to say so, to override their
decision, to recommit it to the committee for a full
and correct examination, or send it to any other
committee, or take any course with it which the
wisdom of the Senate may dictate; but to post-
pone the matter for further examination now until
that report or memorial shall be heard, and the
light, or if there be no light from the Judiciary
Committee, the darkness, if the gentleman pleases,
which comes from them, comes before the Senate,
I do submit it seems to me to be a denial of the
rights of the body, of the State of Kansas, and of
what is due to our own sclf-respect. We have now
three Senators from the State of Kansas. Kansas
has been held up at times to our view as being a
State somewhat victimized—while it was a Ter-
ritory specially so; but 1 trust we are not to repay
her for injuries formerly done by giving her three
Senators in this body instead of two, as provided
by the Constitution. I think it is time we settled
the question which of the two of the three Sen-
atois are entitled to represent the State of Kansas
here.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I agree with
much, if not all, that has been said by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut in regard to the privileges
of this body. I agree with all that has been said
by him in regard to the necessity of settling this
question early; but I will submit to him and to
the Senate that it is much more important that
when we do settle the question, we settle it right
and upon full consideration. If there has been
any delay, I do not know that I have been to
blame for it. What the Senator from Connecti-
cut says may be entirely true, that this should
have been examined earlier; but let me call the
attention of the Senate to what is the state of the
facts.
A report was made at the last session by the
Committee on the Judiciary, reporting two reso-
lutions: one that the sitting member from Kansas
is not entitled to his seat, and the other that an-
other person is. It communicated certain docu-
ments received fiom the War Department and
other sources. It did not refer us to one solitary
authority upon the constitutional law which
should govern the case, but left us entirely afloat.
Yesteiday the Senate by vote decided—I do not
remember whether it was by unanimous consent
or not, but if not, by a very general consent—
that the member from Kansas should have time
to print his memorial. He printed his memorial
last night, and laid it upon our tables. Now,
if there was any reason for delay for the printing
of the memorial and laying it upon our tables, I
submit to the Senator fiom Connecticut himself
that there is reason for delay until we can read
and examine it. If it was worth while to print
it, it certainly is worth while to read it.
I sent to the law library for a popy of the vol-
umes which contained the authority referred to
by the Senator from Kansas, without any com-
munication with him or with anybody else, and
with all the diligence I could command, I sat down
here patiently to inform myself, and if I can in-
form myself I shall act understandingly. If I
come to a different conclusion-from the Senator
or the Judiciary Committee, I shall endeavor to
inform the Senate of the grounds upon which I
come to that conclusion. But, sir, Jet me say it
cannot work any great mischief to anybody, even
to this honorable body, if we delay twenty-four
hours, until I can examine those authorities. That
is all I ask. It has been delayed from the special
session to this session, and I only ask now that
I may be permitted, at my room or somewhere
else, where I can sit by myself and not be inter-
rupted by the constant duties of the Senate, to
examine these authorities. I submit to the Sen-
ator, is it an unreasonable request?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask my honorable friend
from New Hampshire if those who have exam-
ined the question are prepared to submit any re-
marks upon it, whether tney may not go on now;
and then if the Senator desires until to-morrow in
order to express his views, I, for one, would be
perfectly willing; to agree to a postponement.
Mr. CLARK. That will be entirely agreeable
to me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I suggest, as the
question is up, that those who have views to pre-
sent upon it present them now, if they are ready
to do so; and afterwards, if the honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire desires to present his
to-morrow, I certainly shall not object, and then
we may come to a vote on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on the following resolutions,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary;
which will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
1. Resolved, That James H. Lane Is not entitled to a seat
in this body.
2. Resolved, That Frederick P. Stanton is entitled to a
seat in this body.
Mr. HALE. Was not that subject postponed?
Was not the motion to postpone agreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question was
on the motion to take up the report of the com-
mittee, and it was agreed to.
Mr.SUMNER. Then I voted underamistake.
Mr. HALE. And so did I. I thought the mo-
tion was to postpone. I voted in the majority,
and I move to reconsider that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that it is a vote which cannot be re-
considered; but the Senator can now submit a
motion to postpone it till to-morrow, which will
be equivalent to the same thing.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will do that.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 understood it to be the gen-
eral understanding of the Senate that the subject
should be considered to-day, and those who were
prepared to address the Senate could do so, and
then if the Senator from New Hampshire desired
to speak to-morrow it could be postponed for his
convenience.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
fiom New Hampshire submit any motion in ref-
erence to this subject?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I move to postpone it
until to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I will simply
say that the course indicated by the last vote of
the Senate, if it was understood, will be perfectly
satisfactory to me. I shall have the benefit of the
suggestions of anybody who may desire to make
any remarks to-day in regard to it, and I may ex-
amine them by to-morrow. Senators, however,
express some leluctance to consuming two days in
the consideiation of this matter, and perhaps it is
desirable it should be finished in one. It is per-
fectly agreeable to me whichever way the Senate
chooses to proceed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have hardly had time to
read the communication or memorial furnished
to me this morning by the sitting Senator from
Kansas. I have not been able to read it through.
