1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3069
ment of the Senator from Iowa, and to insert,
" commanding squadrons; " and to-strike out
"seven hundred and eighteen," in line seven; so
as to allow to admirals $5,000 a year when com-
manding1 squadrons.
Mr. SCJMNER. I hope that amendment will
prevail. For years we have been asked to make
admirals in our Navy. Congress have refused—
partly, perhaps, from motives of economy, and
partly also because they hesitated to create offi-
cers with that rank and with that title. Now, sir,
lam willing, considering the increase of our Navy,
to create officers with that rank and with that title.
In giving them that rank and that title, we confer
upon.them additional honor and consideration;
we give them what it is known military and naval
officers very much covet—fame. Wherever they
go, they will be addressed as admiral; and that
with naval men will be much. Sir, I believe it
will be more than money. But giving them that
addition of rank, I hesitate to increase largely—
particularly at this moment of our history—their
emoluments. It costs us nothing to confer rank,
but it Will cost our Treasury much if we com-
mence this new scale of prices. I therefore go along
with the Senator from New Hampshire in his prop-
osition to reduce this salary. Let us create the ad-
mirals; let us give them this new title, this con-
sideration, this introduction wherever they go—
this equality, if you please, with the admirals of
other nations in other fleets, but let us not at this
moment undertake to vie with those nations in our
salaries. I think it unwise* I think, therefore, that
we shall do our duty on the present occasion by
the Navy, and we ought to have their sympathy
in what we do, if we confer this title, but be very
cautious in the salary which we allow them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire how ins amend-
ment will make the admirals'salary compare with
that of captains?
Mr. HALE. It will make their salary higher
than that of captains; but if this amendment be
adopted, there will have to be one or two other
amendments made to make it conform.
Mr. COLLAMER. The commodores will run
over the admirals.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I do not think so. It
will not amount to more than a trifling odds.
Mr. SUMNER. I inferred that the Senator
from New Hampshire would go on with his
amendments, and make the bill harmonious.
Mr. HALE. That will be necessary, but it
will not be necessary to go very far in it. As the
Senator from Iowa has said, and I have listened
with deference to him because he has examined
the subject, it will not want much alteration on
the subject of pay, but it will want some more al-
teration than will be made by my amendment.
Theamend ment to the amend ment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now I move, in the eighth and
ninth lines, where it is provided that admirals
when on shore duty shall receive $4,575, to strike
out "five hundred and seventy-gfive," and insert
" two hundred," so as to read, " when on shore
duty, §4,200," which is the highest pay now paid
to captains.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trustthe Senator from New
Hampshire will make itapproximate to the pay of
the head of a bureau, $3,500. There is no propri-
ety, it seems to me, in paying any officer on shore
duty a higher rate than the head of a bureau—
$3,500 is fixed by law. I think that is enough for
any naval officer who is not on duty at sea.
Mr. HALE. If it could be done, I should be
willing that this bill should be recommitted. As
the ►Senate have adopted my first amendment, and
have shown a disposition not to increase the pay
of admirals, it would be well if this bill were re-
committed to the committee with instructions to
report a pay bill corresponding with that amend-
ment which has been adopted. •! think it would
want but very little alteration ;and itcould be done
better in committee than it could be on debate in
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of my
friend, I will state further that the Naval Com-
mittee did prepare very carefully a pay bill, on
which, I believe, nearly all of us agreed. In some
respects the proposition of the Senator from Iowa
is even better than that agreed on by the Naval
Committee; but at the same time this amendment
does not extend to all the officers of the Navy.
Surgeons, paymasters, and a number of other offi-
cers are not affected by this amendment. I think
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is very good, to let the bill, with the amend-
ments, be referred to the Naval Committee, and it
can be taken up any day. I think probably we can
agree there on a complete pay bill. This scheme is
impracticable as it now stands; it does not embrace
all the officers of the Navy. I think, as the Senate
have shown a disposition not to increase the pay
of officers in the Army, we can probably make a
pay bill that will not only save $170,000, but will
save $1,000,000 without really affecting injuri-
ously any of these officers. They can bear a little
reduction because all of them are actually engaged
in service and are receiving more or less prize
money; someof them, accordingtothe newspaper
reports, are receiving very large sums.
Mr. HALE. Thereareoneortwosmallamend-
ments that I want to propose, that I hope will re-
ceive the sanction of the Senate, and of my friend
from Iowa, before the recommitment. In the fif-
teenth section there is a provision "that no officer
shall be promoted as above, except those whose
record in the service, and at the Department, is
without reproach." A thing may happen like
this: there may be on record in the Department
the fact that, some thirty or f^rty years ago, when
a young man, one of the most distinguished and
valuable officers was subjected to some trial. I
have in my mind now some that I know were
censured by sentence of court-martial for some de-
linquency. If forty years ago a man was censured
on the records of the Department, and ever since
that has maintained an irreproachable character,
I think it would not be well to set an eternal ban
against him, because once in his life he was sub-
jected to censure. There would be restrictions
enough in the supervision of the President and
Secretary to prevent worthless men being pro-
moted if that were stricken out. I therefore move
to strike out these words, " no officer shall be pro-
moted as above, except those whose record in the
service, and at the Department, is without re-
proach." I think such a provision would oper-
ate unjustly.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. HALE. I was going to take the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Ohio as to that. I move
to strike out in the eighth, ninth, and tenth lines
of the fifteenth section of the bill, the words I have
stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire withdraws his amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, and
moves to strike out the words stated from the bill.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 should like to offer an
amendment if this bill is about to pass. I think
there is one grade of officers who are entitled to
the consideration of the Senate in regard to this
advanced grade, and that is the class of fleet sur-
geons. I see no reason why they should not come
under the same rules with the rest of these gen-
tlemen. They rank now, I believe, simply with
commanders. I propose by the amendment which
I have in my hand to make that grade a perma-
nent grade in the service, to be taken from a cer-
tain number of the senior fleet surgeons, without
any increase of pay, simply making it a permanent
grade to be appointed by the President, and con-
firmed by the Senate. I beg to offer that as a
separate section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is be-
fore the Senate now an amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa which it is in order to amend
before it shall be adopted. A distinctamendment
to the bill would not be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with instructions to report a pay bill for
the Navy as an amendment to this bill; and the
Senator from Maryland can have an opportunity
to present his amendment to the Naval Commit-
tee.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to oppose that
motion; but I want to remind the Senate that if
this bill is recommitted, there is no earthly proba-
bility of its coming before the Senate again for
action.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there will be
any difficultv on that score.
Mr. GRJ .vIES. I understand the Naval Com-
mittee about as well as anybody. The Senator
from New Hampshire has announced that he is
at heart opposed to this bill.
Mr. HALE. I did not say so.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that was the purport
of what the Senator said. That is the inference
to be drawn from what he said here to-day. To
be sure, he said he was still willing to allow it to
pass, if he couldge.tccitnin amendments adapted.
The Senator from Ohio insists upon it that very
great deductions shall be made from the pay, and
assigns as one reason that the officers and men
of the service are getting large amounts of prize
money. If the Senator had made inquiry he
would have discovered that there has not been one
dollar, not a cent, paid to any officer or man in
the service for prize money up to this time; and
if he had taken the pains to inquire into the his-
tory of such matters, he would have found that it
is very seldom that any prize money is realized.
Lord Cochrane, notwithstanding all the captures
he made on the Spanish coast, was actually
brought in debt. Although he captured prizes
to the value of several million pounds, the prize
courts ate them all up. Besides, we passed a bill
the other day, the effect of which, in my opinion,
will be to take a very large portion of the prize
money away from the service. If the Senate
choose to send this bill to a committee, be it so.
If they are opposed to the passage of any such bill,
this is an excellent way to get rid of it. I am con-
tent that it shall go in that way, if the Senate so
decide.
Mr. SEfcERMAN. I have no desire to defeat
this bill, although I am not very much in love
with it. I do not care much about making ad-
mirals and commodores and a great variety of
new grades at a period when the country is strug-
gling for existence; but at the same time I cheer-
fully say to the Senate that I have no particular
opposition to it. If it is necessary or convenient
in the Navy to have these additional ranks, in or-
der that the officers of the Navy may have a fair
share of consideration with the officers of the
Army, I am willing that the bill shall'pass; but
it is quite a different question when you propose
to make a pay bill, increasing the pay of all these
officers. The pay now of the highest officer in
the Navy is $5,000 a year. Heie we are to have
nine admirals, whose pay is proposed to be fixed
at a considerable sum over that; and we are to
have quite a number of commodores, and there is
a number of other officers whose pay is to be in-
creased by this proposition. It is a very im-
portant proposition. It is true, as the Senator
from Iowa says, that in the aggregate it does not
increase the amount of pay, but it takes from
the lower grades and increases the higher. That
is not exactly in accordance with my notions,
I would prefer rather to raise the lower grades
and pay less to the higher. It seems to me that
$5,000 a year is enough for the pay of any officer
of the Navy, for any kind of service.
Mr. GRIMES. There is only one grade that
is to getany more than that under my proposition,
and that is an admiral when afloat, and we prob-
ably should not have two of them. The amount
he is to get over $5,000 is only ^700.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true.
Mr. GRIMES. The whole amount that would
probably be saved would be $J,400 or $2,100 by
this reduction.
Mr. SHERMAN. The pay of quite a large
number of these officers is to he increased. A
commodore's pay is put at $4,575.
Mr. GRIMES. When afloat. How much does
he get now? Is it not more than that?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true he gets §5,000
now, when he commands a squadron, and so a
man who now performs the duty of admiral gets
$5,000, but that would be very rarely the case.
Mr. GRIMES. This gives him only seventy-
five dollars a year more than he gets now.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to revise the pay
bill we ought to revise it in such a way that we
can stand upon it. I move that the bill be re-
committed, and I have no objection to reporting
it back promptly, and I will aid the Senator in
keeping it before the Senate, so far as my vote will
go, at any time that he desires to present it.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say that the Sen-
ator from Iowa does me injustice when he says
that in my heart I am opposed to this bill. I feel
some degree of indifference about ir, but I am
