1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
York. It will be impossible to put into this bill,
now upon its passage, with the haste we are re-
quired to act upon it, any provision that can guard
against the destruction of the great interests in-
volved in these cities.
It is therefore, I suggest, in eveiy aspect, a most
remarkable bill. It authorizes connection across
navigable rivers by bridges, without any guards
against obstructions of navigation. And then,
again, it enables these companies to run their cars
through any part of these cities that they may se-
lect. But it goes further than that: it enables these
companies to construct their road through the city
of Washington, on, as I presume, to Georgetown;
for the point in Washington from which they are
to start is not indicated, nor is the point in New
York at which they are to end indicated. They
may therefore begin their line at the remote limits
of the city of Washington, run itthrough the city,
on and through the streets of Baltimore, on to the
Susquehanna; bridge that at any point,on through
the city of Philadelphia, through Chestnut street,
if they please, bridge the Delaware, also bridge
the waters at New York, and end at the remote
northern limits of that city. The very idea is
enough to defeat this bill; and therefore I make
the motion that it be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky
to offer an amendment by way of a proviso.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not understand that.
I gave way to him at the time that he might make
a suggestion, and present the amendment which
he had not then ready; but I am perfectly willing
he should present it now, I retaining the floor to
make my motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, there is a mis-
conception of this matter, as I understand. When
I reported the bill £ stated expressly that I would
yield the floor to any person who desired to de-
bate the bill, or to offer any amendmentto it, but
with the understanding that I retained the floor so
that I might have control of the bill.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair could not recog-
nize any such understanding.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I offer this amend-
ment to cover the objections raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be received by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received, as follows:
Provided, however, That notllingill this not shall be so con-
strued as to authonzeany of the railroad companies therein
namod to construct bridges over navigable streams or
waters so as to materially obstruct the navigation or said
streams.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not think that the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky obviates the difficulty at all. The language
is, " materially obstruct the navigation of said
streams." Itleavesthe mode of construction and
the place of construction entirely to these railroad
companies. They are to say, in the first instance,
whether their construction will materially inter-
fere with the navigation of the rivers. 1 do not
desire to invest these companies with such a power.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman has put his
objection in another form entirely. While I was
preparing the proviso, I heard him object to the
fact that this bill would authorize, perhaps, the
construction of bridges across the Delaware, the
Susquehanna, and even the Hudson. I do not
suppose that bridges could be constructed across
those rivers. But the gentleman says, that even
admitting this proviso to be attached to this bill,
yet still the right is given to construct bridges at
any points that these companies may select. I
admit that, and I respectfully suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that perhaps it is as
material that we should guard what a celebrated
gentleman in my State calls "the navigation of
land by locomotives," as that we should guard
the navigation of streams by vessels. I do not
know bu t that it is as important to facilitate travel
and transportation between the cities of Wash-
ington and New York by expediting the move-
ment of locomotives over railroads, as it is that
the Susquehanna, the Delaware, the Hudson, and
all these navigable streams and waters should be
kept free for navigation by vessels. If the gen-
tleman refers simply to the matter of public con-
venience and expediency, I think the gentleman
gains nothing by his objections or his argument.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to inquire of
western gentlemen, and of the gentleman from
Kentucky how they would like to give to these
chartered companies the right to build bridges at
differentpoints on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
so as not materially to interrupt the navigation of
these rivers ?
Mr. MALLORY. I should say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that that right is univer-
sally given to them in every case that it is applied
for, except in the case of the Wheeling bridge, to
which I called the attention of the House just now.
I tlunk it was decided in that case that the bridge
could be built, and that no law of the State or
corporation could be allowed to interfere with the
construction of a bridge across the Ohio, provided
the bridge did not materially interfere with navi-
gation, if the road across the river was declared
a post road.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether in his opinion an
act of Congress authorizing the construction of
bridges across navigable rivers will give the right
to erect a bridge without reference to navigation?
Mr. MALLORY. Thatisaquestion, toanswer
which would require an argument longer than the
gentleman from Pennsylvania or myself would be
ready to enter into on this occasion. I have con-
fined myself in the opinion I have stated on the
subject to the decisions of the courts.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not think the decision
the gentleman has cited covers the subject at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I think it does.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will state an instance in support of
the view taken by the gentleman from Kentucky
in regard to a river in my own Stale. I refer to
the Cumberland, which is navigable for a consid-
erable distance above Nashville. Yet it was bridged
by a railroad company, and remained bridged
until a few weeks ago, when the bridge was burned
by General Floyd and the rebel soldiers under
him. I presume the people of Nashville were not
only willing but glad to have it bridged, for the
bridge was not only a great convenience to the
railroad travel, but to the people in passing by
other conveyances; and overland transportation is
quite as important as water transportation.
Mr. HICKMAN. However that may be, the
people of the State of Now York entertain a very
different opinion. They are not willing to have
their navigable streams so bridged, and I am quite
satisfied that the people of Pennsylvania vyould
not be willing to have the Delaware river bridged
at or below the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentlemen to yield me
the floor for one or two minutes.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that a measure of this
importance should be attempted to be passed
through the House without having that ordinary
consideration which the customary forms of legis-
lation m this House secure. It involves a variety
of considerations most important in their char-
acter, more important, I am persuaded, than the
gentleman from Kentucky who reported this bill
is at all aware of.
Now, in my judgment, the last thing in the
world that Congress ought to do is to authorize
the bridging of a navigable stream, like the Dela-
ware or Hudson river, for the accommodation of
a railroad company. I am persuaded that if this
House had the nccessary, I will not say ordinary
information on the subject possessed by any indi-
vidual who has given the question but a casual
examination, such a proposition would never be
entertained for a moment.
Mr. MALLORY, The gentleman from New
York will permit me to say that he misconceives
entirely the object of the Committee on Roads and
Canals in reporting this bill, and the purport of
the bill itself, if he supposes that it is introduced
for the accommodation of any railroad company
at all. I would not be willing at any time to give
authority for the accommodation of a railroad
company to build a bridge anywhere over a nav-
igable stream. But I teli the gentleman that this
bill was introduced in response to what, in our
judgment, was a pressing demand of the public
and the Government for increased facilities ill the
transportation of mails, passengers, and munitions
of war between the cities of Washington and New
York. It was for the accomodation of the great
traveling public who have now for years been
delayed for from two and a half to three hours m
crossing the cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore
by horse cars, in passing to and from Washing'
ton and New York.
Mr. OLIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think 1 have
a right to say that my habitual good nature gen-
erally subjects me to the loss of most of ray time
whenever I get the floor of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I am sure I am vei'y much
obliged to the gentleman for yielding to me.-
Mr. OLIN. I believe I understand perfectly
well what is the professed object of this pill. The
ostensible object is to accommodate the great trav-
eling public. It is to meet a great public neces-*
sity. But I want to call the attention of the gen-
tleman to one fact: were you to bridge the Hudson
river at New York, you would interrupt more
commerce in one day by your infernal bridge than
you would accommodate the public in the way of
railroad travel in a year.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, no; I want no infernal
bridges. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. lsayinfernal,because the obstruc-
tion to commerce and navigation it would produce
are properly characterized by no other term.
Let me say to the gentleman that the Erie canal,
running from Lake Erie to the Hudson river al-
most side by side with the Central railroad of Nw
York, a railroad that does more business in a day
than almost any other four roads in the United
States—I say that the Erie canal will transport
more produce over it, and will accommodate to a
greater extent the commercial interests of the State
and country, than four such roads as that. But
when you compare the capacity of the Hudson
river with the Erie canal, you must multiply its
importance a hundredfold. To speak, as does
your bill, of substantially interrupting navigation
by a bridge, is the sheerest folly that evpr ema-
nated from the brain of a lunatic just out of Bed-
lam. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I must be permitted to say
that no such idea ever entered my brain in re-
porting this bill, and the gentleman does not there-
fore charge me with the folly of a lunatic out of
Bedlam.
Mr. OLIN. Of course I do not apply the re-
mark to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from New York that there is nothing m the
bill about a bridge over the Hudson, and therefore
1 cannot conceive the alarm he has taken on that
score. I will suggest to him that it is only the
streams between the cities of Washington and
New York that are embraced in this bill.
Mr. OLIN. Of course, I did not attribute any-
thing of the kind to the gentleman. He knows
as well as man can know that I respect and ad-
mire him.
Mr. HICKMAN. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that it may be as import-
ant to bridge the East river as the Hudson.
Mr. MALLORY. The only waters near New
York which this bill could affect constitute an arm
of the sea, and could not be bridged. Neither the
gentleman from New York nor the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,! presume, supposes for a moment
there would bo any danger of a railroad bridge
being built across there.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am not sure that-they
might not attempt to put a pontoon bridge across
there.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, no; that would obstruct
navigation. _T
Mr. OLIN. I am speaking of the Hudson as
illustrating the principle of this bill. Now, I do
not know that a bridge across the Delaware, op-
posite the city of Philadelphia, would prove as
serious an obstacle to commerce and navigation as
a bridge across the Hudson; but the principle in-
volved is precisely the same, if Congress is now
to commence the legalizmgof the construction ot
bridges across navigable streams for the accom-
modation of lailroads, or for the accommodation
of what the gentleman calls the " great traveling
public." And yet, Mr. Speaker, this is really a
question whether all the interests of commerce
shall be subjected and subordinated to that of
private raihoad corporations. It is, I repeat, for
the accommodation of railroads, and not of the
great traveling public; for the interests of the trav-
eling public require 110 such thing. - These rail-
road corporations can avoid these obstructions ot
navigable rivers by crossing the streams where
their navigation would not be interfered with.
