1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the consent
of the House to introduce the following ioint res-
olution :
llcsoh;eil h\j the Senate and House of Representatives of
the CTiutul States in Congress assembled, That the United
fcjfdfo on^lif fo eo,,peiate with any State which may adopt
giudna) aboh-niment of .^hiveiy, giving to such State pecu-
niae end, to he used by such State in its cti^cietion, to
compensate foi the inconveniences, public and private, pro-
duced by Mich change of system.
Mr. WOOD. 1 object.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to sus-
pend J ho rules. This is the exact resolution rec-
ommended by the President. I call for the yeas
and nays upon my motion.
The v ms and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the nfTinnatiu*—yeas 86, nays 35; as follows:
VE \r*—Wes-M* Alduch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,Baker,
ft.ix'c'i. IJ-'innn, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Jil.in. Unl'>. Wtlham G. Biown, Buffinton, Campbell,
ChiMi!h''!!i{i. Clink, Colfax, Fu'deuck A. GonkUng, Koscoe
( u.iklir.'i, <'ouw<\y, Covode, Davis, Diven, Dueii, Dunn,
Ijihrt i I"-.. Uow .ud:-, Kliot, J0I>, English, Fe^enden, Fisher,
Fian^Nit, l'l.mk, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Hanchctt,
lioopei, Hutclun^, Juli/m, Kelley, Francis XV.
kello_rg, V\ iSiiam KelJoga, Lansing, Lehman. Loomis,
Lon<joy, Me Knight, Mcl'hei-on, Mitchell, Mooihetxd,
Ais^n'n \>. ?! o;! j 11. Justin TVloriill, Nixon, Olin, Timothy
L. Mn'iji-. i'lke. Pomeiov, Porter, Alexander [J. liice, John
II. saddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shank-, >it,'f)ield, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens, Stiatton,
f\ Thomas,Trowbridge, Van Valkenbuiah, Ver-
ice. V/.ilLu-!', ("hailes XV. Walton, 13. P. Walton, Wheeler,
Wli.J- v. Albeit y. White, Wilson, Window, and Wotees-
\\\i-—Ancona, Joseph Daily, Buldle, Geoige
II ! I '-.v-si. Calvett, Cobb, Coming, Cravens, Cmfield,
C'.t: s.11 <_■ 1 l;ui. Haulms, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Leury,
jM.uImv >.I';v, Mom-, Noble, Notton, Pendleton, Puce,
Jlieis nd, on.  *liiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Fi ali-
en T.io;!i i-. VooiiR't'x, W.ul&worih, Clullon A. White,
Vv'no.L \V liiii:, and Wright—35.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Di-rms; the call of the roll,
Rlr. CRISFJELD stated that Mr. Webster
had been en'lod home to his fnmily.
Mr CRAVENS stated that Mr. Holman was
absent from the city on business connected with
the committee on Government contracts.
The -joint resolution was thereupon introduced,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. This resolution
is in the exact words of the President of the Uni-
ted Elates, ms sent here with the message in which
he recommends its passage. It relates to a sub-
ject ia regard to which almost every member, if
not every one, has made up his mind; and those
who have not made up their minds will not have
thou- conclusions settled by any discussion which
may occur on this resolution. The message of
thc'Presid"nfc-of the United States, on motion of
tlk^'MKUsman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
was ici'eiml to the Committee of the Whole on
the of the Union, and there every gentleman
who votes now will have an opportunity of as-
s;u,iii>2; at fall length the reasons for the vote he
,i: :;:v-\
Mi*. GIUDER. I want to state to the gentle-
man from Now York and the House that so far
a- 1 tp eoiiei'i ned, he misapprehends my posi-
tion, and possibly the position of others. I have
not \ -n the President's message full considera-
lio {,\md 1 have come to no settled conclusion as
r,, .Vn(U my duty, whether I ought to vote for
o; ■, oi • a^ar.si Hs lecommendations. I may be
pi r.n.iti d'to say, therefore, that in my opinion it
was i i-'iisaiuro to bring in the pending proposi-
tion i'his moiiiin^. Nor is there any necessity
for rhe a solution at all, because the message of
the I'n.-Klent, which was referred to the Com-
inKt'-e of the Whole on the stnte of the Union 
Mi RObCOE CONKLING. 1 do not yield
any further.
Mr GlllDER. Permit me to finish the sen-
t. nc<-. I say that there was no necessity for this
lesnhiuon being brought before the House this
niomtii^, booaose the President's message on the
. sni,jocl^has already been referred for consulta-
tion to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. 1 want to say a word.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from New York will yield to me.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope my friend
from Illinois will excuse me now. I see half a
dozen members rising to get the floor, and as I
have agreed to call the previous question, I can-
not yield to one without yielding to all.
Mr. DLVEN. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that this resolution, having
been already referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, it is not in order
for the gentleman to submit it to the House in
this way. I hold that it is not in order to con-
sider a matter in the House which is already
pending in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
in his facts; this resolution has never been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I hope the gentleman will
let me say a word. %
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then lefc
us vote down the call for the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does not the resolution
lie over, because it gives rise to debate?
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended to let the resolution in—that rule with the
others.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want to occupy
the floor long enough to say that, as a personal
matter, I would be delighted to yield to every
gentleman, but when I introduced this resolution
I agreed to demand the previous question. There-
fore, although I might be happy under other cir-
cumstances to yield to any gentleman who may
desire to submit remarks, yet I am compelled
now to demand the previous question on the pas-
sage of the rrsolution.
Mr. WADSWORTH. As I differ with my col-
league [Mr. Gridlr] in what he has said, I ask
the gentleman to withdraw the demand for the
previous question. I am prepared now to vote
against the resolution. My mind is made up.
'Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I decline to with-
draw the demand.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I am ready to vote
against the resolution.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask the gentleman to answer
me a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided on seconding the call for the
previous question; and there were—ayes 56, noes
58.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidcred; and Messrs. Bingiiam
and Crisfield were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 6S.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. With the peimission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I will say that this to me,
and others situated like me, is perhaps more em-
barrassing than any other question. We were
most anxious that action should not be pressed
upon it this morning. We weie anxious, because
we had intended to deliberate upon this matter
maturely nnd calmly before we came to any con-
clusion on it. 1, for one,' am thankful to the House
for the consideration of our feelings, which was
manifested on the part of the majority. If the
gentleman from Illinois will allow me, I will move
that this subject be made a special ordei for next
Monday. I do that out of respect for the majouty
which this morning lefused to let the resolution
be pressed through under the previous question.
By that time we will have considered the subject,
and be prepared to act on it. Does the gentleman
from fliinois yield for th.H purpose?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to make a re-
mark or two,and then I will make the motion for
the postponement of the subject to some more dis-
tant day.
Mr. Sneaker, T confess I was struck with as-
tonishment this morning, when the gentleman
from New York mtiodiuvd this lesolation, and
piopoeed to put it on Us passage under the opera-
tion of the previous question. It is a subject
worthy of the closest scrutiny. It is a resolution-'
which commits us to a policy about which oar
people may not have considered. It embraces in-
its range the gravest considerations which can
attract the attention of the American Congress. I
intended, when •! obtained the floor on another
subject, to make some observations on the ques-
tion emtfi'aced in the recent message of the Presi-
dent. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ros-
coe Cockling] says that we ought to hare our
minds made up on the subject of this resolution.
Why, sir, there is no subject which will engage
the attention of this Congress of more magnitude.
I venture to say that not one half of the members
on this side of the House have had time to con-
sider it. We have had no time to communicate
with our people.
But 1 am prepared to say one thing in regard to
that message of the President. So far as it recom-
mends the doctrine of the rights of the States—
understand when I say the rights of the States,!
mean exactly what I say, for under our form of
Government there are State rights, but there is
no State sovereignty—so far as that document rec-
ognizes the rights of the States in this matter I
recognize its force. My objection to it is hot of
that character; I object to it upon another ground
altogether. I do not believe my people are pre-
pared, I know that they are not prepared, to enter
upon this proposed work of purchasing the slaves
of other people and turning them loose in our
midst. I have long entertained the idea that this
class of negroes in our country are incapable of
becoming the repository of freedom or govern-
ment. When the Presidentin hisannual message
declared that he was in favor of selecting a place
outside our limits where they could be taken and
eolomzed, I saw a light break in upon us. Then
I thought there was a way by which we might
get rid of that class of people as fast as possible.
But that is not now before us.
In reference to another point embraced in that
message, I have but a single word to offer. With-
out the Constitution and the Union there is no
liberty—no government—and whatever stands in
the way of their preservation I am prepared to
strike down or to yield up. Whatever stands in
the way of our Governmentand its integrity must
be destroyed. But I do not propose to go beyond
the Constitution. I .know that the lives of our
citizens have been sacrificed, and are being sacri-
ficed, in order to maintain the supremacy of the
law and the integrity of the Constitution. I do
not know why a single article of property should
be singled out and made an exception.
But, sir, I am satisfied that gentlemen are not
prepared to vote upon this question to-day. I am
satisfied that this is a mere movement on the part
of some genth men to gain a seeming advantage.
I am satisfied that if they were acting in good
faith, they would bring forward a bill to tax our
own constituents before they forced this measure
upon us. It is a subject which requires consider-
ation; and i move, therefore, that it be postponed
to this day week.
Mr. BlNGIIAM. I hope the motion to post-
pone will not prevail. If gentlemen propose to
entertain the proposition of the Piesident, they
can have but little, if any, difficulty in coming to
a just conclusion upon it, as it involves no prin-
ciple save the power of the Government of the
United States to contribute in aid of the gradual
abolition of slavery m any State which, ofits own
motion, may initiate that policy. That is all there
is of the resolution. Gentlemen on both sides of
the Houseprofess to have regard to the President's
wishes m this matter, and to be desirous of ac-
cepting and adopting his recommendation.^ The
President has seen fit to send this resolution to
both Houses of Congresa, and to accompany it
with these significant words, which 1 commend
to the consideration of gentlemen, if the Presi-
dent's opinions are to have weight with them in
the disposition of this matter. After suggesting
the passage of the resolution as it now stands, the
President'uses these words:
" If the proposition oontamod m the resolution does not
meet the appiov.vl oi Consire^ and the country. theie is the
end; hut it' it doc? command buch approval, T dk-em it of
importance that the ^tate^ and people immediately inter-
ested Miou'td be at once duMmeilv notified ot the fact, so
that thfw may begin to consider wluthci* to accept or re-
ject it.""
The words of the President, to which I invite
