THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
the particular attention of gentlemen, are these:
that he deems it important, if the resolutionmeets
the approval of Congress, that the people imme-
diately interested should be at once distinctly noti-
fied of the fact, so that they may begin to consider
whether they will acceptor reject the proposition.
The adoption of the resolution imposes upon no
State any obligation to act in the premises. It in-
terferes with no right of any State by intendment
or otherwise.
. Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry of him ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will, certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman is learned
in the Constitution of the United States. "Will he
tell me under what clause of the Constitution he
find's the power in Congress to appropriate the
treasure of the United States to buy negroes, or
to set them free? Is it under the head of " the
general welfare?"
.Mr. BINGHAM. If the House will permit
me, I will answer the gentleman. I supposed, Mr.
Speaker, that that question was settled long ago
by those who made the Constitution. I took oc-
casion in January last, when I was discussing the
question of the power of Congress to provide for
the common defense, to remind the House—not
supposing that I was giving the House any new
information, but to remind the House of the words
of the father of the Constitution, uttered in the
hearing of the listening nation when the Consti-
tution was under consideration for adoption or re-
jection, that the power conferred upon the national
t "Legislature by the grant of the Constitution for
the common defense, had no limitation upon it,
express or implied, save the public necessity,and
that their laws should not conflict with the general
spirit and purpose of the Constitution, viz: the
protection of the lives, liberty, and property of its
loyal citizens. If the gentleman will pardon me,
J beg leave to remind him again of the words ot
Madison, that
" It is m vain to oppose constitutional barriers to the im-
pulse of self-preseivalion. It is worse tlian in vain
And, says Hamilton:
"Congress have an unlimited discretion to make requi-
sitions of men and money."
These words were nttered by James Madison
and his great peer, Alexander Hamilton; and the
people, with these words ringing in their ears,
adopted the Constitution with that very construc-
tion upon it, and have acted upon it ever since.
They have authorized you to levy and collect
tax-es without limit for the common defense.
Now, sir, gentlemen seem to think that in time
of war the provisions of the Constitution, which
limit and restrain the power of Congress to legis-
late for the administration of civil justice, and
the appropriation of private property for public
use through the instrumentality of courts, fetter
the power of this great people to provide by legis-
lative enactment for the collection and appropria-
tion of revenue for the preservation of the nation.
I tried to make myself understood when I was dis-
cussing that proposition before; and I shall call
the attention of the House mote particulai ly now
to-a statute upon your statute-book, which ought
to bring the blush of shame to the faces of gen-
tlemen who sit quietly in their places and permit
it to remain untouched without an attempt to
repeal it, if these limitations to which they con-
stantly refer are to operate in time of war to the
hintlerance of the people and the people's Repre-
sentatives in legislating for the common defense.
The statute to which 1 refer is this: by the act of
1806 it is expressly provided that any spy, not
being a citizen of the United States, nor owing
allegiance to the Government of the United States,
who shall be found luiking in our camps, orabout
the headquarters of our Army, shall, upon con-
viction by a g&ieral court-martial, suffer death.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether this discussion is in order upon
a motion to postpone.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am sorry the gentleman
did not make that question of order when his col-
league propounded the question to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The only question before tile House is
on the propriety of postponing.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is due to myself that I
should remind the House that I showed no dis-
position to enter into the discussion of this ques-
tion upon its general merits until challenged to do
so, and then I craved the indulgence of the House
to answer the question put to me by the gentle-
maivfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe;] but if the
gentleman insists on his point of order, of course
1 must desist.
Mr. HARDING. I do insist upon it.
Mr. BINGHAM.. I return then to the line of
argument which I was pursuing when the venera-
ble gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wigkliffe]
interrupted me. I was showing from the mes-
sage of the President that this resolution ought
not to be postponed. I ask the House to weigh
well his words. He says that if the resolution
meets the approval of Congress, it is important
that those immediately concerned should be at
once, without delay, distinctly notified of the fact,
so that they may begin to consider whether to
accept or reject the proposition. I think, sir, that
there should be immediate action upon this sub-
ject. I do not suppose that there is a member
upon this floor who needs time to make up his
mind whether it is competent for Congress to
make such a proffer—for it is simply a proffer—
to the States of money in aid of a State act of
emancipation, which wojild, in the judgment of
the President, greatly contribute to'the suppres-
sion of the rebellion and the common defense of
the Union.
Mr. VOORHEES. I concur with the gentle-
man from Ohio as to the propriety of considering
this resolution now; and I desire to say that if
the people that I have the honor to represent are
to pay taxes, in addition to the burdens they at
present labor under, for the purpose of buying the
slaves of the South, it is best for them to know it
at once. I shall vote against any postponement
of this question. I, for one, as a member of this
House, am fully prepared to act upon it now. If
this measure is to be pressed, and to become a
part of the policy of the Government, I think it is
right and proper that the people should know it
soon; that, while groaning under almost untold
burdens, while tiembling under the weight oftax-
ation upon their shoulders, if this additional bur-
den is to come upon them they may prepare in
season their sad and oppressed hearts and almost
broken bodies to bear it.
I will say one thing further: that if there is any
border slave State man here who is in doubt
whether he wants his State to sell its slaves to this
Government or not, I represent a people that is in
no doubt as to whether they want to become the
purchasers. It takes two to make a bargain; and
I repudiate, once and forever, for the people whom
I represent on this floor, any part or parcel in such
a contract. Slavery, wherever it exists under the
Constitution, I and my constituents will recog-
nize and respect in its legal rights; the slave, trade,
either domestic or foreign, we are opposed to, and
it is no favorite of the Constitution. If emancipa-
tion means taxation on the free States, now lavish-
ing their all for the Union and the Constitution,
and ever ready to do so, I am opposed to that
cause; and I here take my stand in the name of
the people I represent against it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is discussing the merits of the propo-
sition.
Mr. VOORHF.ES. For these reasons, and for
others which I have not time to state here, Icon-
cur with the gentleman from Ohio in favor of the
immediate consideration of this question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will con-
cur in it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not think it is a ques-
tion about which there should be any delay.
Mr. BINGHAM. The words used by the Pres-
ident that it is important, if this measure be acted
on at all, that it be acted on at once, were used
with great propriety. I desire to state further,
that a reason for prompt action on this resolution
is suggested to my mind by the remarks of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.] The
special order for to-morrow or next day is the
general tax bill, to which the gentleman from In-
diana referred. If we have to provide a fund for
the abolition of slavery in any of the States, we
had better be notified of it before we pass upon
this tax bill, that we may legislate accordingly.
Hence it seems that it is fit we should act upon
it now, and before we come to the consideration
of the amount, of taxes to be levied.
Mr. MALLORY. As I suggested the time to
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] moved to postpone the consideration of this
subject, I wish to say in response to the suggestions
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that
I wish for no unnecessary delay in regard to this
matter. The reasons that operated on me for ask-
ing this delay are known to myself and colleagues,
and many gentlemen around me think they are
cogent and sufficient for the request which I make.
I believe, however, that what we wish to accom-
plish can be done in a shorter time than that in-
dicated by the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and I suggest to him to change his motion
so as to make it Thursday next, instead of Mon-
day. By that time we will be ready to actuponit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
tax bill is made the special order for Wednesday,
and until disposed of.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then it will come up
after that.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose that by general
consent the tax bill can be postponed and this
subject taken up instead.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no objection to the
gentleman amending his motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I will not do it withoutthe
consent of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I move that the sub-
ject be postponed till Thursday next.
Mr. BINGHAM. That motion suspends the
action of the House on the tax bill for that day.
Now, it is well known that the tax bill passed at
the last session has been suspended from taking
effect by the action of the two Houses at this
session.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman knows that
it will take much longer than Thursday to con-
sider the tax bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that very well;
but I want the House to have all the time we can
fitly appropriate to that particular measure. I
want it to be considered and passed as soon as
can be, because the Treasury of the United States
is now in need of funds. The passage of the tax
bill is necessary, as a war measure, to furnish the
supplies for our Army, and to enable the Gov-
ernment to carry on the war vigorously.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire the postpone-
ment of this question until Thursday next or any
named day, for several reasons. As the subject
has been introduced in the House, I desire to say
that it is not because of any doubt on my own
mind as to the course which I ought to take that
I desire this postponement. I would not have
said that much at this time, had not my colleague,
[Mr. Grider,] for whom I have the greatest re-
spect, intimated that his own mind had not come
to any conclusion on the subject. The proceed-
ings of this day will go out to the country, and I
do not wish my position upon this question to be
misunderstood for a moment. I beg, therefore, to
protest, while I shall vote for the postponement,
against being misunderstood. I am not in favor
of the resolution. I do not expect to change my
mind through any postponement of the subject.
If, however, the question be not postponed, I now
desire to debate it. on its merits. I beseech gen-
tlemen not to force us to a vote until, at least, we
have been heard. In my humble judgment we
ought to be heard, even though that may not affect
the vote, and I trust we will be heard before the
vote is taken on the proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish it understood that
when I made the remark in favor of the postpone-
ment of the question that I did it because gentle-
men of my own delegation, including my colleague,
[Mr. Wadsworth,] and other gentlemen from
other States, are engaged in consultation at this
time as to what their, course shall be on this sub-
ject. I was not aware that my colleague had made
up his mind. If he has, of course he does not en-
gage in those deliberations. The reason why I
wanted postponement was that those gentlemen to
whom I have alluded should have the opportunity
of consulting. We have agreed on the time and
the manner of that consultation. I wish all this
to go to the country as furnishing the reason why
1 want a postponement of the subject for a few
days.
Mr. WADSWORTH. T am always open to
conviction on any subject. No man needs instruc-
tion more than 1 do. No man is more teachable,
or will more patiently accept instruction. But it
