THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1861.
New Series No. 9.
evidence whatever now produced on the face of
this memorial than we had before, touching the
actual fact of the appointment of the Senator from
Kansas as a brigadier general. Why this matter
should be referred back to the Judiciary Commit-
tee for reinvestigation, I know not. 1 do not un-
derstand it myself. I do not mean to resist it
further than to state these facts, and let the Senate
pass upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The application of the
Senator for a rehearing, I may say to my legal
' brethren, is in the nature of a motion for a new
trial. Now it i3 true that on a motion for a new
trial, it should not only be made to appear that
new facts can be shown, but also that the party
did not neglect his opportunity to show at first
what he might show. After all, that latter rule is
rather of strict law, not very liberal in its nature,
and hardly applicable to our proceedings.
1 think we should decide every case like this,
which is judicial in its nature, upon the report of
our committee. I do not say that members may
not go outside of that and find other causes to
govern themselves in their votes; but I say that
our record should show that the vote of the Senate
has been passed on the report which they had
before them. Intending myself as far as possible
to be governed by that principle, I desire that
every material thing shall appear on the face of
the report.
Again, I desire that the committee in making
the report should ingraft everything into it that
the party himself thinks material, that the Senate
may judge of it. If he offers to prove things which
the committee deem unimportant, they ought not
to reject them, but they ought to report to us that
he did oiler to prove such and such things, and
that they, the committee, thought they were un-
important, but still entered them on the record
and submitted the question to the Senate. I want
it all to appear in that way.
I said before, and I say now, that I have not
had time to examine this memorial; but if the
sitting Senator desires anything more to appear,
and wishes to have it appear in the regular way,
J think it no more than common couitesy to let
him have that opportunity, and I do not think the
gentleman who is here contesting this scat ought
to make any such objection. The same privilege
ought to be granted to him under the same cir-
cumstances. "We should have the whole matter
before us, through our committee, on their report,
and our action should all appear of record. I
desire not to be driven to look at this memorial
in the Senate, but to have a report before me,
entire in itself, furnishing the basis for our action
here.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly am not disposed
in any case, especially a ease connected with a
seat on this floor, to refuse the opportunity of a
full hearing to any person who is interested in it;
but there are limits, of course, to everything of
that kind. This case came before the Senate at
its last session in July, almost immediately after,
or very shortly after, the Senate assembled. It re-
mained before the committee with a view to obtain
ceitain facts which were stated by the honorable
Senator from Kansas. It was stated that there was
a variance between the appointment as issued to
him and the copy which was given to us from
the Department. The fact might or might not be
material—dependent upon what the variance was.
I did not myself understand that during the prog-
ress of the investigation of the committee the sub-
stance of that \arumce was stated to us at any
time whatever. I understand it now from the hon-
orable Senator; and it is the first time it has come
to my knowledge. I may not have heard distinctly
his statement before: but this is the first time 1
have undeistood that he claimed that it was a con-
ditional appointment—not to go into effect until
he raised the brigade. This is the first time that
that view of the case has ever been presented to
me.
The subject was before the committee for three
or lour weeks at the last session. They delayed
their action from time to time on the application
of the honorable Senator from Kansas in order to
give him an opportunity to obtain this particular
paper. Ultimately, they acted; they made their
report on the evidence before them. There nre but
two grounds now on which the Senate is asked to
refer it back to the Committee on the Judiciary,
as I understand. One is that this paper is yet to
be produced. It does seem to me that, as it was
a paper containing an appointment to the honor-
able Senator, if he could not obtain it at the last
session, surely he could have obtained it during
the period that has elapsed since. The paper be-
longed to himself; was a paper peculiarly his own,
which the gentleman who had possession of it had
no right to the custody of except as his a^ent; and
it seems to me that that original paper might have
been produced here at this session if it created
any difference in the case.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, that we ought not to press the strict legal
rules in regard to new trials, or anything of that
kind, in a case in which a right to a seat on this
floor is contested. That is not according to our
usages; but still there is a reasonable construction
to be given with a view to the rights of both par-
ties, the party contesting as well as the party sit-
ting; and surely, between the month of August
and the month of December, if there was such a
variance, which was material in itself, between
the original paper which belonged to the custody
of the honorable Senator from Kansas, and the
copy which was sent by the Department to the
committee, that original paperoughttohave been
here at this session; because he was the party who
had the power to obtain and control it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state, for
the benefit of the Senator from Delaware, that I
saw Colonel Weer in the interim,and endeavored
to obtain a copy of the paper. I said to the Sen-
ate that I never saw the paper; it never came into
my hands; that the conversation between the Sec-
retary of War, Colonel Weer, and myself, was
distinct and plain that I was not to have anything
to do with the appointment, until the brigade was
full, and until they luid passed upon me as their
commander. I never saw it. I tried to get it from
Colonel Weer in the interim, but failed to do so;
and before I came here Colonel Weer came as far
os Leavenworth with me, where I endeavored to
get for him the leave of absence which has now
been telegraphed to him, and failed to do it. It
was impossible for me to bring him; and I could
not obtain the paper.
Mr. BAYARD. I can argue only on questions
as they present themselves to the body. The
honorable Senator may have requested this paper
from Colonel Weer; but I have alluded to the
lapse of time, and perhaps, as a lawyer, I give to
that a weight which the Senator may not give to
it. Here has been a period of four or five months
to obtain a paper that belongs to the honorable
Senator from Kansas beyond all question. It was
his appointment. No matter whether it was con-
ditional or whether it was in the form in which the
copy came to us from the Secretary of War, it be-
longs to him. Now, what length of time arc you
to allow to enable a party to obtain possession of
a paper of that kirnP The honorable Senator had
full knowledge that his scat was in contest when
Congress adjourned in August. Surely Colonel
Weer could nothave refused to hmi the possession
of n paper that belonged properly to himself. He
could have neither motive nor right to do so. In
this view, it docs seem to me that extending the
utmost extent of liberality the Senate can m a
case of this kind, on the "failure to produce that
paper we must take the copy from the War De-
partment in lieu of the original. I think to do
otherwise would be injustice to the contestant, in
compelling him to carry on the litigation longer
after such a lapse of time, merely upon the alle-
gation of a difference between the original and the
copy sent to us from the Department, when the
honorable Senator tells us that he himself never
read the paper itself.
That is one ground. The other ground, as I
understand, is that a certain conversation was had
with the then commanding general of the Army,
in which General Scott expressed a certain opin-
ion. That is but an opinion; and it would not
make any difference at all as regards the legal
effect of the act. The answer to that suggestion
is that the fact itself is immaterial, supposing it
to exist. There is still another answer. Gen-
eral Scott was in the United States till long after
Congress adjourned; he is now out of the United
States. If you are to prove the allegation of fact,
which can only be substantiated by his statement
for purposes of evidence — for however I may
believe all that the honorable Senator states, he
cannot be a witness in his own case to prove dis-
tinct facts—you will have to delay proceedings
here until General Scott can be appealed to by a
commission, or shall return to this country and
be examined, so as to ascertain whether the fact,
according to his recollection, agrees with the state-
ment of the honorable Senator from Kansas, sup-
posing the fact to be at all material. In my view
of the Constitution, I do not believe it could alter
the judgment of the Senate; but supposing it could
as a fact do so, I think testimony of the fact ought
to have been secured by affidavit, by statement
under honor, or by certificate from the command-
ing general, who was the sole person that could
give any evidence of the fact in the interim be-
tween the adjournment of the Senate and the time
of his going away from this country, which was
just before the time when the Senate again con-
vened.
I have read the memorial of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas with great carc, as I always
read such documents; but under the circumstances
seeing, in my view, no other fact which is neces-
sary to be proved or which is alleged to be neces-
sary, lam compelled to vote against this motion,
though my opinions are generally averse to the
idea of pressing any case without allowing the
party to exhaust his whole power of obtaining a
hearing. There is, however, a limit in point of
time, and especially where there is a contestant.
If there were no contestant, the case might be dif-
ferent; but where there is a contestant, he also
has rights, as well as the sitting member, and I
cannot go beyond what, m my judgment, propri-
ety requires for the purpose of securing a decision.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have the greatest respect for
the legal opinion of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, and, as a general rule, should govern
my action by it on a question which he had thor-
oughly examined; but I differ from him very dis-
tinctly on the point he has presented here. The
Senator from Kansas yesterday asked for a post-
ponement until he should have his memorial be-
fore this body. It was readily granted. As has
been well said by the Senntor from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] and the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] we have not had time to ex-
amine it. Now, 1 think tho widest latitude should
be given to a Senator whose right to a seat on this
floor is denied, particularly when he has the cer-
tificate of the elective power in his State, as the
Senator from Kansas has.
My mind is very clear as to the right of the
Senator from Kansas, and has been from the com-
mencement of this controversy, on the ground
that when he was appointed a biigadier general
there was in reality no such office for him to ac-
cept. In the exigency of the moment the Pres-
ident felt that lie had the authority to make the
appointment, but whether it should be approved
or not depended entirely upon the subsequent
action of Congress. Since Congiess has acted
and created that office, as I understand it, the
Senator from Kansas at no time has signified
his purpose to accept the place; on the contrary,
he has said that he did not. These are points
that ought to be examined by the committee, and
I am surprised that there is any objection to the
recommitment, as prayed in the memorial of the
siuing Senator. 1 think we ought to refer it with-
out an objection. It will take but a few days to
get a report back, and those few days are a matter
of small consequence.
Mr. FOSTER. If we are to reexamine the t acts
9
