1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
the word-, " and the ordinances of the cities of Washing-
ton aud Georgetown] and Hint the House of Bepieseuta-
tive.-. njrrce to the said amendment.
Thar the Sepate concur in the eighteenth section of the
amendment of the House, with the following amendment,
namely:
After tho word "prescribe," in the fifth lino, add the
woi ds, " and s-aid directors shall annually make a report in
writing of theirdouig-s to the stockholders and to Con-
gie>  and that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendment.
That the Senate concur m the nineteenth section of the
amendment of the House, with the following amendment,
nnrnUy:
Strike out all of said section after the word 11 authoiized,"
in the sixth line; and that the House of Representatives
agree to said amendment.
That tho Senate concui m tho twentieth section of the
amendment of the House.
That the Senate concur in the twenty-first section of the
amendment of the House, with the following amendment,
namely:
Strikeout all of said section alter the word •' enacted,"
in the first line, and inventus follows: "That unless said
corporation shall make and complete their said railways be-
tween the Capitol and Geoigetown within sixty working
day*, from and alter the company shall have been ojganused,
and fiDin the Capitol to the navy-yard within sixty days
thereafter, ami on said Seventh street, and trom said Bound-
ary street on Fouiteenth street to the point of intersection,
as aforesaid, within six months from the approval of this
act, then thi= net shall be null and void, and no rights What-
ever sha'l be acquired under it."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the twenty-second section of
the amendment of the House of Representatives*.
LOT M. MORRILL,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
J. M. ASHLEY,
JOHN B. STEELE,
Managers pn the part of the House.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I can state very briefly what
has been the action of the committee of confer-
ence. In the fust place, the bill, as it wont from
the House, and to which the committee have dis-
agreed, provided for a large numbci of commis-
sioners representing1 not only the Distinct of Co-
lumbia, but very neatly ail the Status of the Union.
The committee believed that such a large number
of commissioners, and especially of commission-
ers taken from the different States, was not pi oner
in this bill, and that there could be no other pur-
pose in retaining- them, except the purpose of
speculation. We have stricken all those names
out, and, in their place, substituted seven men,
residents of the District of Columbia, selected by
the committee as reliable and trustwoi thy. Those
seven men are to open books within five days
after the passage of this bill to take in subscrip-
tions and stock. Then, in order to insure the
completion of the road, it is piovided thattwenty-
five per cent, of the amount subscribed shall be
paid down at the time of taking;the subscription.
In reference to the organization of the corpora-
tion, it is provided that they shall select seven
corporators, who are to have the management, of
the company. That is the whole machinery of
the bill; and it is so simple that it can be under-
stood by the House at once.
Now, as to the place where the road is to be
buiit. It is to run from Georgetown to the navy-
yard. It is to commence at what is called Bound-
ary street, and to run through several streets not
included in the former bill. It is to be finished
between this Capitol and Georgetown within sixty
days; and it is to be finished completely from
Georgetown to the navy-yard within six months.
The amount of fare to 6c charged from one point
to another that a person may desire to ride upon
the road is five cents.
There is another provision in this bill which
was not in the former bill, to which I will briefly
refer. It was provided, on my suggestion, that
three per cent, of the gross receipts of the road
should be set apait for the benefit of the free schools
of this District. The committee discussed that
question. After consultation they thought it best
to let the road be taxed by the corporations of
Georgetown and Washington for the purposes
that seemed to them best.
A Member. Can we alter this charter when we
please ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; the bill provides that
Congress may alter or amend the charter at any
time and in any way that it may deem proper.
I have now stated nil the material provisions of
the bill, and I demand the previous-question on
the adoption of the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to let the bill be printed and
postponed until to-morrow, so that the House'can
have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. STEVENS. I can see no reason why the
bill should not be passed before wc adjourn this
evening, and I hope that the House will not agree
to its postponement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his demand
for the previous question, in order that I may make
an inquiry of him.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have a little
curiosity, as one of the members of the commit-
|j tee who had this subject in charge originally, to
,j know who these persons are who are mentioned
jj in this bill.
'j Mr. STEVENS. They are all residents of the
| District of Columbia. We struck out the names
| of the commissioners in the original bill, most of
j whom were from abroad, and in their place sub-
i stitnted the names of seven men who are residents
I of the District of Columbia. 1 will tell the gen-
' tfeman how the committee of conference selected
i the seven men whose names arc embraced in the
j pending repoit. Each member of the committee
j was allowed to mention one name, and the chair-
man of the Senate committee was allowed to men-
tion two names, which made the seven. We all
mentioned men for whom we could vouch. I
mentioned the proprietor of the National Hotel,
with whom 1 am very well acquainted. The com-
mittee was controlled by the single desire of having
agood road built, and of having it built speedily.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That was a very
pleasant arrangement, it must be confessed, by
which the members of the committee could pro-
vide for their particular fuends. It has not dis-
appointed me, because I did not have anybody to
name. I think it might be very well that some of
them should be outside of the District; and really
I do not see why the residents of all other places
and States should be excluded from representa-
tion. But without following that up, I would like
to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he has
any objection to allowing this to go over until
morning, and be printed, in order that we may
read and see what its provisions are?
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that, so far
as the committee are concerned, they came to the
conclusion that this great anxiety to get into this
bill by gentlemen abroad meant some kind of
speculation. Wc therefore cut off that chance by
naming persons who had not come here to be
named as corporators; and we thought in that
way we served the public interest. I named a man
I knew to be reliable, and I presume other mem-
bers of the committee did the same. I do not think
it best to post-pone this matter.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Allow me to say
in reference to the naming of corporators, that I
never had any corporator myself to name, and
therefore C have no personal feeling upon that
point. I did not happen to be present at the meet-
ing of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, when the bill was ordered to be repotted,and
I did not report the bill, and have no personal
concern about it. Yet, I think it would be satis-
factory to a gteat many members of the House,
if they could have an opportunity, between now
and to-morrow morning, to read the provisions
which have been agreed upon, and to see the
names of the corporators. It is well known to
myself and it is known to members of the House
that many persons have been here and evinced an
interest in this matter, and considering that fact
and the general importance of the bill, I do not
think there can be any objection to letting the bill
go over until morning, that it may be printed and
in the mean time that we may sec what it contains.
Mr. COLFAX. For three years a majority of
Congress have desired a street railroad in this city,
but at every session it has been frustrated by the
conflict of private interests and rival companies.
The chairman of the conference committee upon
the part of the House has explained the bill as re-
ported fiom the conference committee, and has
shown to us that all those who have been lobbying
for various bills and for close corpoiations have
been omitted from the new bill; that seven disin-
terested persons have been selected as eommis-
sioneis, and (hat all persons are fo be eligible to
take stock. I do hope the House will now adopt
the bill, and thus secure a convenience much
needed by this city and all of us here.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING.: I would ask the
gentleman from Indiana this question: whether he
thinks a postponement of this bill until to-morrow
will prevent the passage-of the bill?
Mr. COLFAX. It has so often failed by.the
appeals of interested persons, that I fear^hfe same
game may be attempted again by those whose
names are excluded from this bill; and iii order
to avoid annoyance and electioneering by them,
I trust the House will at once concur in this re-
port, end the controversy, and securc the building
of a city railroad.
Mr. STEVENS. I will simply say, in justifi-
cation of myself in urging the adoption of this
report now, that we have stricken out the names
of all those persons who desired to be corporators,
and we have put in the names of persons whom
we thought honest, for the purpose of carrying
out this matter aa an open corporation. And I
wan t,it passed now before these men whose names
have been stricken out shall have had an oppor-
tunity to canvass this House and annoy members
very much. I hope the question will be taken
now; and I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OPENING OF SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. TRAIN asked and obtained leave to re-
port back from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds a bill (S. No. 226) authorizing the
opening of Sixth street west, and asked that the
committee might be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
The committee were accordingly discharged,
and the bill laid on the table.
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY, JAIL, ETC.
Mr. DELANO asked and obtained unanimous
consent to report a bill to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior, iu con junction with the Mayors
of Washington and Georgetown, to locate and
contract for the construction of a penitentiary,
jail, and houseof correction in the Districtof Co-
lumbia; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes, p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, JUay 14, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to presenta petition
from a large number of citizens of my State, and
I will take occasion to say that I believe the sen-
timent of this petition is the sentiment of nine
tenths of my people. Two hundred and fifty
thousand people of my State, in my opinion, in-
dorse the sentiment of this petition, and I indorse
every word and sentiment of it. I ask that it be
read, and referred to the committee on the conduct
of the war.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Untied State* of America in Congress a.^cmhlcd :
The undersigned, believing that the continual notation
of ami legislation upon the slavery question in Uw
Congress has a strong tendency to weaken tin- PlFmts ot tiie
Govci nment m putting down the rebellion, by creating di*-
coid and dissension among loyal persons, and giving areu-
ments to leading secessionists to &tiU further inflame the
mind'* of southern pcopte agamsf tho Government, ivohM
ask as a rfglitthatCongresscensetheiflegi-lationuponthat
question, and bend their energies to the single purpose of
putting down the rebellion ami restoring the Government
to the position it occupied previous to the lebeilion.
The petition was referred to the committee 00
the conduct of the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of Fer-
dinand E. Hassler, a citizen of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, representing that persons own-
ing pmpctty which is leased to tenants arc now
laboring, under the law as it at present exte'a,
