2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
under many disadvantages, and praying that an
act regulating landlords and tenants may be passed
by Congress. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHAN0LER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom were referred
variousresolutions, petitions, and memorials pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river, to re-
port them back, and ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, where the rest of these resolutions,
petitions, and memorials have been sent.
It was so ordered.
CONFISCATION Or PROPERTY.
Mr. CLARK. The select committee on the
subject of confiscation have directed me to report
a bill, and ask to be discharged from the farther
consideration of the several bills, amendments,
and petitions which were referred to them. I de-
sire that the bill be printed, and I give notice that,
as soon as it is printed and Senators shall have
had an opportunity to consider it, I will call it up
for the action of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be printed under the general rule, as it comes from
a committee.
The bill (S. No. 310) to suppress insurrection,
punish treason and rebellion, and for other pur-
poses, was read, and passed to a second reading.
The motion to discharge the committee from the
various bills, amendments, and petitions referred
to them, was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 233) to establish an additional judicial dis-
trict in the State of New York, and in relation to
the courts of the United States in said State, and
also the bill (S. No. 129) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an additional judge for the southern
clictrictof New York, have instructed me to re-
port these bills back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that they bo postponed until the first
Monday of December next.
The report was concurred in, and the bills were
postponed until the first Monday of December
next.
FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I nsk leave to offer a res-
olution calling for information:
Resolved, That the President of the Umtnd States bp re-
quested to communicate to tlie Senate, if in lib opinion
consistent with the public interest, any information lie may
have^f any dy-i^ns on ihe part of Any foreign Pom-r to in-
tervene in the contcvt now existing m the United States,
and whether any foreign nation has made any arrangement
with the inauigeiiBj or lias it in contemplation to recognize
the rebels.
I am willing that the resolution should lie over.
I do not ask for its present consideration.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 438) to giant
pensions; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 178) to in-
corporate the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
way Company.
ENIIOLLKD KILLS SIGNED.
Themessagefurthcrannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 25S) to regulate the time of
holding the courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Kentucky, aiid for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 269) to establish a Depart-
ment of Agriculture.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were scvei ally read twice bv their titles
and referred as indicated below; * '
A bill (No. 413) making appropriations for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the sixtli
section of an act entitled " An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Finance.
Abill (No. 438) to grant pensions—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. I f there be no
further morning business, the bill (S. No. 253) to
create a'Bureau of Transportation's properly be-
fore the Senate as the unfinished business of the
morning hour; the pending question being upon
an amendment reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and insert a substitute.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from California, [Mr. Latham,] who intro-
duced this bill, and who was authorized by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report it, is not
present, and I hope it will not be acted on in his
absence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What motion
does the Senator make in reference to it? Is it
before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I move that
it lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVE OWNERS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. SUMNER. A report was made some days
ago by the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia with reference to some papers communicated
to the Senate by the Secretary of the Interior. I
should like to have that taken up now that I may
make a motion with reference to it.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, reported by Mr. Grimes
from the Committee on the District of Columbia
on the 29th of April:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of the Senate be directed to
transmit the communication made to the Senate by the
Seeretaiy of the Intenor on the :24th of April, touching the
enumeration of slaves in the District of Columbia, with the
papei* accoinp.inj mg the s.imc, under seal, to ihe commis-
sioners appointed under the late emancipation act ofCon-
guvss, for (lie u^e of said cominib-5ioner&.
Mr. SUMNER. I have had a conversation
with a member of that commission, who has sug-
gested to me the importance of having the docu-
ment printed. I do not wish to ask the Senate to
act upon that suggestion; butafteraconversation
with the Senator from Iowa, who is chairman of
the Committee on theDistiict of Columbia, I have
thought it best that the resolution and all the pa-
pers should be recommitted to that committee.
Accordingly I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
•WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up for consideration the joint resolution (S.
No. 78) to suspend all payments under the act
approved 25th of March, 1362, entitled " An act
to secure to the officers and men actually employed
in the western department, or departmentof Mis-
souri, tjieir pay, bounty, and pension," and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of War to sus-
pend all payments under the act approved 25th of
March, 1862, entitled "An act to secure to the
officers and men actually employed in the west-
ern department, or department of Missouri, their
pay, bounty, and pension;" and that thero shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, two commis-
sioners, to examine all claims arising under the
provisions of that act, and report the same, with
the facts connected therewith, to the Secretary of
War; the commissioners to have such compen-
sation for their services as the Secretary of War
may consider just and reasonable.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will make
a brief explanation of this resolution. It will be
remembered by Senators that we passed a special
act to pay soldiers that had not been formally mus-
tered into the service in the western depaitment.
At the time we passed that act it was understood i
it would settle with a few men in that department j
who had pet formed regular duty, but who had not i
been formally and regularly mustered into the ser- !
vice. It was understood certainly by the members J
of the Committee on Military Affairs—I am sure
it was by myself—that it would take a reasonable
sum of money, and would correct some errors
that the officers in that part of the country had
fallen into. The Paymaster General has received
a communication from Major Andrews, the pay-
master who has the control of affairs in that part
of fhe country, setting forth that the grossest
frauds are being perpetrated under that act, and
expressing his judgment, that in the way these
frauds are going on, it will take $3,000,000 out of
the Treasury of the United States, and suggest-
ing as the only remedy the appointment of a com-
mission for the purpose of thoroughly investigat-
ing the whole matter, paying those that ought to
be paid, and rejecting all the fraudulent claims.
He was of the opinion that it would save millions
to the Treasury of the United States. He stated
some facts in this communication showing how
this law was administered, and the gross frauds
that were being perpetrated under it. This joint
resolution has been introduced to arrest those pay-
ments, and to provide for the appointment of a
commission to examine these claims, and report
what is actually due; for I suppose everybody
wishes to pay what is right, and nobody wishes
the Treasury to be defrauded. That is the object
of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this is in-
augurating a rather loose system of legislation.
In the first place, it is very important for us to
know in what particular the law which it is pro-
posed by this resolution to suspend is defective.
Wherein is it defective? In what manner are
these frauds perpetrated ? Where are they perpe-
trated? By whom are they perpetrated ? If we
are going to reach the evil which the Senator pro-
poses to reach by the passage of this resolution,
let us know specifically what that evil is, and in
what it consists. Now, sir, in regaid to what may
have been the opinions of individual Senators at
the time of the passage of this law, it seems to me
that matters but very little. The question is, is
anybody going to be unjustly paid under the op-
eration of that law ? It does not matter what may
be the amount that is proposed to be paid. If it
is $1,000,000 or $50,000,000, if the Government
is justly indebted to that amount, it is justly re-
quired to pay it, and should pay it.
But, sir, what does the Senator propose ? He
proposes that in all this western department there
shall be an entire suspension of payment. Every-
body knows that in the western department sol-
diets have not been paid; the employes of the
Government have not been paid. Some of them
have not been paid since A pril, May, and Juno of
last year, while the whole resources of the Gov-
ernment have been poured into the laps of the con-
tractors on the Atlantic coast. He proposes to
suspend payment in all that western department,
and to appoint a board of commissioners who are
to go theie, and not act according to any settled
specific rules fixed by the Wur Department, or by
Congress, or by any legislative authority, but ac-
cording to their own individual wills, uncontrolled
by any law or any regulation. They are to go
there to make an investigation; and then what are
they to do ? They are to make a report to the
Secretary of War, and there the whole thing ends.
There is no provision in this resolution authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to pay the money, even
if the commissioners should decide that it is justly
due. The effect of the resolution, if it should pass,
would be for an indefinite period to entirely sus-
pend the payment of everything that may be due
in the western department until there shall be some
further legislation by Congress. I submit, that
with what facts we have, or with the entire-ab-
sence of facts, the Senate ought not to pass this
lesolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] who feels a deep
interest in this matter, is not in his seat, and I
should like to have it postponed until he is pres-
ent. It seems to rnc that that would be but fair.
He brought forward the original bill that this joint
resolution proposes to limit. I therefore move that
the joint resolution lie on the table for the present.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope it will not be laid on
the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cuts off all debate.
I suggest to the Senator from Kansas to allow the
debate to go on. The Senator from Missouri may
be in in the course of a few moments.
