130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
set forth by the honorable Senator from Kansas
in this memorial, (&nd of course without that it is
quite useless that the report be recommitted,) we
are to wait until Colonel Weer shall arrive here
from the extreme western part of the State of
Kansas, or beyond that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can assure the gen-
tleman from Connecticut that Mr. Weer will be
here by the first of the week.
Mr. FOSTER. It may be so; of course the
honorable Senator thinks so, and has good reason
for thinking so*, but he may very naturally be
mistaken, and the result may be quite otherwise.
It is perfectly apparent that the sending of this
report back is equivalent to refusing to pass upon
this case at all. Of course, if the Senate come to
that result, I shall submit with entire cheerful-
ness. 1 must only ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bright, Browning, Cailile, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Fcssendcn," Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hanis, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham,
MoruJl, Pearce, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,
Wade, Wilicy, and Wilson—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, John-
son of Tennessee, Nesmith, Simmons, Ten Eyck, and
Trumbull—<J.
So the motion to recommit prevailed.
SURRENDER OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution, submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] yesterday, is now before
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be directed to consider the expediency ot pto-
viding by additional legislation that our national ainues
shall not be employed in the suirender of fugitive slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. Some days ago I called the
attention of the Senate to abuses in Missouri with
reference to fugitive slaves. Since then I have
received a great many communications from that
State showing very great interest in the question,
some of them in the nature of protest against the
system which has been adopted there. One of
these purports to come from a slave owner, him-
self educated in a slave State, and he speaks with
great bitterness of the indignity that has been put
upon the Army there, and of the injury that it has
done to the cause of the Union. Another letter
from another person contains a passage which I
shall read:
" I wish to say in addition that I have lived twenty-four
years m Missouri, tliat I know the people well, have servid
them in various) offices, and let me assure you it is nonsense
to try to save Missouu to the Union and the institution of
slavery also. We must give up one or the other. Slavery
ought to fall and Missouri be saved. Fremont's anny struck
tenor into the secessionists. lie made them feel it bj talcing
then goods and chattel. Let our armies proclaim freedom
to the slaves of the secessionists, and the rebellion will soon
close. We can take caic of the free negroes at a (utuie d.iy.
Give General Lane ten Thousand men, and he would estab-
lish peace in Missouri in llmty days."
But, sir, my especial object now is not to call
attention to this abuse in Missouri, but to call at-
tention to this abuse here near at home. Brigadier
General Stone, the well-known commander at
Ball's Bluff, is now adding to his achievements there
by engaging ably and actively in the work of sur-
rendering fugitive slaves. He does this, sir, most
successfully. He is victorious when the simple
question is whether a fugitive slave shall be sur-
rendered to a rebel.
Sir, besides my general interest in this question,
besides my interest in the honor of the national
Army, I have a special interest at this moment
because Brigadier General Stone has seen lit to
impose this vile and unconstitutional duty upon
Massachusetts troops. The Governor of my State
has charged me with a communication to the Sec-
retary of War on this subject, complaining of
tins outrage, treating it as an indignity to the men,
and as an act unworthy of our national flag. I
agree with the Governor of Massachusetts; and
when I call attention to this abuse now, I make
myself his representative, as also the represent-
ative of my own opinions.
But there are others besides the Governor of
Massachusetts who complain. There are two
German companies in one of the Massachusetts
regiments who, when they enlisted, entered into
the public service with the positive understanding
that they should not bo put to any sucli discred-
itable and unconstitutional service. Sir, theycom-
plain, and with them theirown immediate fellow-
citizens at home, the German population generally
throughout the country.
Nor is this all. The complaintextends to other
quarters. I have hero a letter from a citizen of
Philadelphia, from which I shall read a short ex-
tract. The writer says:
" X have but one son, and lie fought at Bali's Bluff, in the
California regiment, vvliere his biaverv brouglit liim into
notice. Ho escaped, wounded, after dark. lift protest?
against being made to return fugitive slaves, and if ordeied
to that duty will refuse obedience and take the conse-
quences. I ask, sir, shall our sons, who are offering their
lives for the preservation of our institutions, be degraded
to slave-catchers for any persons, loyal or disloyal ? If such
is the policy of the Government, I shall urge my son to shed
no more blood lor its preservation."
With these communications which I have re-
ceived, some of an official character and others of
a private character, I have felt that I should not
do my duty if I did not call the attention of the
Senate to this outrage. It must be arrested. I
am glad to know that my friend and colleague,
the chairman of the Commi ttee on Military A flairs,
promises us at once a bill to meet this grievance.
It ought to be introduced promptly, and to bo
passed at once. Our troops ought to be saved
from this shame.
Mr. COWAN. I think, sir, that all this mis-
chief, so much complained of everywhere, results
from the fact that every general whom we send
into rebellious districts must first make a procla-
mation when he goes there as to what he is going
to do in all possible contingencies, many of which
contingencies lie can never foresee. I have hardly
ever known of any one of these proclamations
which wasnot mischievous. If it was satisfactory
to the people of the North, it was sure to be obnox-
ious to the people of the South, or to the people
of the bordei States whom we are now desirous
to conciliate.
Now, sir, I apprehend, so far as my humble !
judgment goes, that there need be no possible
difficulty whatever upon this question in any of
its aspects. I do not see that it is necessary that
we should offend anybody, or that we should take
ground that will necessarily alarm anybody in
either quarter of the Union. We send a general
to suppress this insurrection. What is his duty?
If he meets a negro upon his errand, and that i
negro is an enemy, lie treats him as an enemy; !
if the negro is a fuend, he treats him as a friend, j
and uses him as such. Nothing, to my mind, can
be simpler. How is he to determine the title to I
that negro? Suppose, Mr. President, you were
to go into his camp, and say: " Sir, here is my
negro; I want him." The obvious answer of the
general is: " My dear sir, that may be all true;
I have no desire to raise any issues of fact with
you; it may be that this is your negro; but I can-
not determine that question; I cannot try the title
to him; I am not a court; I am not a jury"—a
great many of them, indeed, are not even lawyers.
How are they to determine whether this negro is
a slave or not? They cannot determine it; they
have no right to determine it. If the master, be-
ing a loyal man, in that camp insists, and says:
"This is my negro;" I do not know what other
men might do, but if I were the general I would
say to him: " If this is your negro, your ' boy,' I
as you call him—this man that you are educating I
to civilization and Christianity—if he will go with I
you; if he is willing to submit to your guardian-!
ship in this behalf, take him, in God's name, and '
be away with him." Suppose the claimantsays: I
" He will notgo; and I want to force him." What
then? I would say to him: "No; you cannot do
that, because that presumes that I decide the very !
question which I am incompetent to decide. I |
cannot allow you to use force here, because I am
the constable of the nation, and I am the reposi- '
tory of its force in this behalf, and you cannot use i
it." That is the objection to all that. I take it '
the presidentof the confederate States of America, I
if tlicrc be such an institution upon the eaith, i
himself could not object to that on the part of our
generals. Nobody can object to it. !
In the same way with regard to the confiscation '
of the negro; I do not sec any difficulty there. I
do not see anything that we have to do with the .
thing in the world. I take it, in the first place, 1
that it is an absurdity to talk about the Govern- i
mcnt of the United States confiscating a ncro. I
When property is confiscated by the laws of war \
it is taken from the owner, is converted in to money, j
if you please, and the proceeds put into the fisc or <
treasury. Now, whenever you commence this
operation on a negro slave, you arrive immedi-
ately at an absurd conclusion. You attempt to
take him from his owner; you cannot own him;
you cannot convert liim into money; and you can-
not put him into the fisc or treasury. There is
no use in talking about it; all you can do with
him when you seize him is to emancipate him if
you please.
I have spoken of the negro considered as a man;
now, suppose you consider him as property.
There are people in rebellion against the Union,
people whom we have a right to consider not only
in the light of citizens who have violated their
allegiance to the country, but as alien enemies.
Very well, then, negroes arc their property. By
the laws of war, we have a right to take all the
property of alien enemies. That is only limited
by such restraints as have been put upon that
right of ours by the laws of humanity and civil-
ization. We have that right already; and, as 1
take it, that right is not in the hands of Congress,
but in the hands of the Executive—in the hands
of the President, who is the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army. I would, therefoie, think it im-
proper to legislate even upon that subject—utterly
unnecessary. I should look upon any statute—
and I have always looked upon any statute by
Congress upon that subject—in the light of a re-
straining rather than an enlarging statute. When
you have absolute authority to do a thing by the
laws of war, under which the commander-in-
chief of an army always acts as against his
enemy, under no restraints whatever, other than
those I have mentioned—those of humanity and
civilization—where is the necessity of attempting
to put it upon your statute-book? I should as
soon think of lecnacting Vattel or Grotius or
| Puffendorf, or any other of the writers upon the
i laws of nations, who have laid down the rules for
j their regulation in times of war. If the generals
of our armies have a right to take the property
of rebels in their efforts to put down the rebellion,
if that should be deemed prudent in order to facil-
itate that operation, they have ample authority by
the laws of war; and there is no need 011 our part
of any irritating, mischievous enactments here
which may not be properly understood in the
country. There is no necessity for distinguishing
as to any species of property; and it might, per-
haps, be as well to distinguish between horses
and mules, between oxen and asses, between
sheep and hogs, as to distinguish between this
especial kind of property—that which is alleged
to exist in slaves—and that which is alleged to
exist in any other.
I make these remarks upon this occasion be-
cause it does seem to me that a proper under-
standing of these principles would now remove
out of the way all the obstacles existing here or
in the other House to a fair, peaceful solution of
all our difficulties. There is a tendency on the part
of a great many people in the South to insist that
this war is to be a war for the emancipation of
their slaves, and there is a tendency on the part
of a great many people in the North to insist the
same thing. Now, sir, I speak for Pennsylvania,
the great State, the Keystone State, which lies be-
tween these extremes, and wheie we think we can
look upon this question as coolly as it is possible
for a disinterested person to examine anything.
I say for her that she repudiates both these ex-
tremes. Pier object, when she put her one hun-
dred and five thousand or one hundred and six
thousand men into the field upon which this bat-
tle is to be fought, was not that. Her object, was
to vindicate the Constitution and the laws, and to
compel obedience to them everywhere, uncaring
consequences. If in the flames of this war the
chains melt from the slave it is not her fault. They
who lighted up the conflagration are alone re-
sponsible, and upon them let that responsibility
rest. The object which she pursues is that one
which I have stated,and that one alone. She has
always at all times joined most heartily in indors-
ing that amendment to the Constitution which
was passed here at the last session, and declared
that she desired to interfere in no wise with the
domestic institutions of any other State.
Nor do 1 see, Mr. President, any, even the
slightest, necessity, that we should speculate upon
the consequences which may result from our ef-
fort in this legitimate direction. We have noth-
ing whatever to do with them. For my own part,
my private opinion is—and I would say it to those
