THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 4, 1869.
New Series Ino. 193.
usethismoney,and substantially give to the banks
a profit of the interest on the whole circulation,
but in addition to that they lose fully $9,000,000
in the form of defaced notes, counterfeit notes,
&c. At least, that is the estimate made by per-
sons who are familiar with the subject, and I have
no doubt it is correctly made.
Then you must remember that every year more
or less of these banks break. There 13 no stabil-
ity about them; there is no common regulator;
there is no system about them. Why, sir, they
are likea regimpnt withoutan organization. They
are like a thousand men without colonel or cap-
tains. They have no common bond of organiza-
tion;any important event tliat disturbs the money
marketof the world makes a greater flutter among
them than a shot among a bevy of partridges.
The failure of a single batik in Ohio in 1857, the
Slace of business of whose leading officers was in
Few York, started the whole bevy of banks. It
came very near bringing on—yes, it did bring on—
a financial disaster,at a time, too, of general pros-
perity. The wisest men could not state any cause
of that disaster, except that it grew out of a sud-
den panic, breaking banks, bankers, merchants,
and traders. There is no system of organization
in these banks. They do not support and sustain
each other. In case of failure or stringency of any
kind they rather tend to pull down each other,
than to help each other.
I do not thinlc it necessary for me to spend time
here to convince Senators that this system of
banking is not wise. The uncertain rate of ex-
change between the different States grows outof
the multitude and diversity of the banks. The
bank paper of States adjoining each other has va-
ried in valueas much one year's mterestofmoney.
An intelligent foreigner who desired to travel over
this country with the bank paper of the United
States, would have to take with him a counterfeit
detector and the laws of all the States, in order to
tell whether or not he would be safe in taking
bank paper. It seems to me it requires no argu-
ment to prove that this system of banking is not
a wise one, and ought to be dispensed with.
In times of peace the Governmentof the United
States was not seriously disturbed by this system
of paper money, because under the sub-Treasury
law all theoperations'of the General Government
were carried on in gold. The General Govern-
ment very properly left all local matters and local
organizations and local banks to the States;
although it has been the opinion of some of tho
ablest lawyers in this country that bank billseome
within the moaning of bills of credit,and thatthcir
issue by a State, or by the authority of a State,
or by a corporation under the laws of a State, is
prohibited by tho Constitution. I do not choose
to discuss that question, because it has been set-
tled and decided by the.practice of the country. I
say in times of peace the Government felt no
source of embarrassment from this diverse paper
money; but now it does. The existence of this
paper money is the chief embarrassment in man-
aging tho finances of the United States. Every
person familiar with the operations of the Treas-
ury knows and feels it. When you issue your
paper money now, as you are compelled to issue
it, it becomes the basis of other issues by the banks,
and the inflation which you are compelled to give
becomes a double inflation, from its consequences
on the banks of the United States. When the Gov-
ernment of the United States issued $150,000,000
of notes, if there had been no depreciated bank
paper money in the United States, that$150,000,000
would this moment have been at par with gold;
but the issue by the Government was made the
basis of other issues by local banks. These local
banks do not pay their paper in gold and silver.
It was depreciated; and it is a financial rule that
when there are two classes of currency open in
the market, the poorer class will always drive out
the best. Every man knows very well that if he
has two notes, and one is a little worse than the
other, he will try to pass off the inferior note.
That is the ordinary operation, the guiding mo-
tive of self-interest which actuates the conduct of
193
men. "Where there are two classes of notes in
circulation, the inferior will always take the place
of the superior.
It is difficult, under the operation of our system,
for the Secretary of the Treasury to carry on the
large operations of the Government necessary to
convert notes into bonds. The notes are now held
and hoarded. The first issue of §60,000,000 of
notes were issued with the rightof being converted
into six per cent, twenty years bonds, and with
the privilege of being paid for duties in customs.
They are now far above par, and are hoarded.
They are no longer in circulation. This is the
chief reason given why it is necessary to issue a
greater amount. Why are they hoarded ? Simply
because they have certain privileges and certain
advantages which the bank paper of the United
States has not. They are better than the local bank
circulation, and therefore are diiven out of circu-
lation by being held in the banks, by being held
for conversion into bonds, by being held in such
a-way that they do not enter into the ordinary cir-
culation of the country, and in their place is is-
sued, in still largeramounts than before, the paper
money of the banks. The consequence is, the
Governmentof the United States is either com-
pelled to receive this bank paper, in violation of
the sub-Treasury law, or it is compelled to issue
a new emission of paper money, and thus depre-
ciate and break down the whole. The Secretary
of the Treasury is just in that position that he
has either to ask Congress to suspend the sub-
Treasury law, which forbids the receipt by an offi-
cer of the Government of other paper money thafi
Treasury notes, or ho has to issue more demand
notes. If Congress allows the issue of the paper
money provided for in this bill, what is the conse-
quericc? The banks will take it, and issue other
paper money on the basis ofit. Most of their char-
ters require them to keep one third specie in their
vaults; but under the operation of existing laws,
instead of that specie they will now keep one third
paper money. Every new issue of Treasury notes
is only a bid for a new inflation by the banks, and
thus the better money of the United States is
hoarded and laid away, and the paper money
which is issued on the credit of it is thrown on
the country, producing inflation and derangement
of our monetary system, and I believe in the end
will produce disaster. Therefore we are now com-
pelled either to suspend the sub-Treasury law, and
authorize the Secretary to receive bank bills as
money in the sole of bonds, or you must induce
its withdrawal and redemption by taxation, and
such other measures of legislation as the wisdom
of Congress may devise.
Mr. President, I do not wish at this period of
the session to dwell on this subject, although there
are very many facts and statistics that I should
like to present if i had more leisure; but I know
the matter is pressing. 1 am sure our national
paper money cannot run a rivaliy with bank pa-
per; we must choose between the one and the
other. With niy settled convictions I cannot vote
for the issue of any more national currency unless
it is upon the basis of the retirement of the exist-
ing paper money in the country. If you issue
United States Treasury notes, and simply make
that the basis of future issues by banks, you will
be compelled either to take the local paper money
in the Treasury of the United States, or you will
b  compelled to issue again and again and again.
The consequence is already feit. Exchange on
England is now worth about ten per cent, above
the usual premium. Gold is worth between nine
and ten percent, premium. Yet the credit of the
United States is perfectly good, its bonds being par
with gold. 1 have no doubt that were it not for
the bank circulation the issue of §300,000,000 of
Treasury notes would have a healthy and bene-
ficial effect. The Government might issue that
amount, and receive or borrow from the people of
the United States, without interest, this large sum
of money; but when you do it upon the present
system, you only encourage a like issue by the
banks, and thus inflate more and more, decrease
the value ofthepaperby raising the value of gold,
and create embarrassment and, I think, disaster.
The operations of the Treasury Department can-
not be carried on on this double and co'mpleX
system.
I say, therefore, Mr. President, that whether
you view the franchise granted by the States to
issue bills simply as a property right, or whether
you view it as a national question affecting the
national currcncy of the United States, my prop-
osition is entirely defensible, if this right to issue
paper money is a franchise or property, as it is
claimed to be, arid as I believe it is, it should be
taxed, and it ought to bear a heavy taxation. If,
on the other hand, it is a privilege that ought to
be discouraged, one that tends to impede and af-
fect injuriously the public interests, it ou^ht to be
controlled by such measures as the wisdom of
Congress may devise. The power to tax is clear;
and I think the expediency of the tax can be easily
demonstrated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
suppose that anything I or any man on earth
could say in this state of our body and at this pe-
riod of the session and in the present condition of
the country, would beofany practical use, or have
any effect; butafter nil, I am unwiliingto sit here
and have Senators who really believe that this is
an expedient measure, suppose that nothing can-
be said on the other side.
I believe that the gentleman is entirely mistaken
in this financial policy now proposed. I desire that
we should go on, in the condition of the country,
as far as we can, with our institutions as they are.
Indeed, lam not prepared to believe that the con-
dition of our affairs, as a nation, has become so
desperate that it requires the whole upturning of
society at this moment; that all the institutions
sanctified by the course of years should be ut-
terly destroyed to-day. It is insisted that the ex-
perience of more than half a century, the whole of
the existence of this Government, on this questfon
of banks, and on the subject of the right of the
State to make banks of issue, shall now be up-
tun%id, because it is suggested by the Secretary
that some time or other there was a doubt about
it, and he wants to avail himself of the benefit of
that doubt to upturn society; in short, that the
pecuniary condition of this country has become
such that nothing that has been sanctified by the
use of seventy or eighty or ninety years, can be
endured to-day. Sir, I do not believe it.
I know that an attempt of that kind is very much
assisted by some contingent circumstances which
are rather fortuitous in their nature. I am sensi-
ble that the convulsion of the country has, if you
please,weakened and destroyed manyofthebanks,
especially in the western country, whose circula-
tion and capital were based upon the stocks of the
States that have seceded. They failed to pay, and
therefore the banks failed. Is there anything pe-
culiar in that ? Notatall. It is the same tiling
that shakes the existence of the nation and jeop-
aidizcs the continuance of all our institutions. It
is part and parcel of that same evil. There is
nothing in the nature of the thing itself; but be-
cause that has happened there, and has happened
as part of the fortuitous circumstances of our un-
fortunate affairs, an attempt is now made to make
war upon all the other banks of the country; and
it is openly professed that we intend to end the
bank circulation of this country. That is what
is intended. In the first place, why ? Because,
it is said, they sometimes fail; that those banks
which were based upon the stoclo of the seceded
States have failed. That constitutes no reason at
all.
Again, it is said—and great stress is laid upon
that in the beginning, the middle, and the end of
the gentleman's remarks—that these banks do not
redeem in specie. Why do they not redeem in
specie? The banks of tho North and East, con-
nected with the banksof the large cities,with whom
their associations lead them to be constantly con-
nected, having taken some $50,000,000,and, I be-
lieve, $150,000,000 of public stocks for the benefit
of the United States; having taken all they could
carry, the United States and they stopped pay-
