1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
people of the North who desire and who think that
this ought to be a crusade against slavery—that
the fact that war exists in a district where slaves
are held is everything that they can do, and from
it they have everything to expect that they could
expect from any human effort in removing it.
Slavery, I take it, exists in society in repose.
When that repose is broken the fetters fall from
the slave, unless, indeed, he be such a slave that
if the fetters were knocked off he would willingly,
of himself, put them again upon his heels; and cer-
tainly nobody can suppose that it would be a benefit
to such a man even to release him. There are men
upon earth who, perhaps, are the better of guard-
ianship and tutelage, and I suppose that is the
test. I suppose that every man who understands
what liberty is; who knows what it is worth; who
can appreciate it, will clutch the opportunity when
it is offered to him to get it. I think one of the
groat mistakes that have been made by the phi-
lanthropists of our day is that they have forgot-
ten to take that clement into their calculation.
They have commenced upon negro premises, and
they have arrived at a puritanical conclusion.
They have argued of the negro as though he were
a man like themselves, and they have been disap-
pointed; and all* men who allow false elements to
enter into their calculations at the start will be de-
ceived in like manner. I agiee that if all men were
Puritans, that if all men appreciated liberty as we
do and as our race does, then we might extend it
to all men; but to extend it to men who have no
appreciation of it—who would trample the boon
under foot when granted them—to such men it is
a mischief rather than a blessing.
Still, I have only to say that I think we have
nothing in the world to do with all these ques-
tions. I think their discussion here, their being
mooted in these assemblies, is mischievous, and
only calculated to keep up an angry irritation
which may have exceedingly bad results in the
final consummation of the struggle in which we are
now engaged, and that prudence at least would
dictate that we should adopt the rule, if you
please, sir, of the English Parliament, not to en-
act anything until it becomes absolutely neces-
sary, not to speak until it is evident that the words
will be salutary instead of mischievous; and as
long as there is any doubt the safe rule is that of
silence.
The resolution was agreed to.
PASSPORTS TO CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Latham:
Resolved, That the Secietary of State be requested toin-
foim the Senate by virtue of what law, or fut what ieason,
passports aie icquiied of passengers going dnect fiom New
York city to San Francisco, in California.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, this is simply
a resolution of inquiry, and I desire to state to the
Senate that, in offering it, I had no intention to
embarrass the Department of State. Neither do
I propose, by making the inquiry, to do anything
more than what I conceive is justice to the people
that I have the honor in part to represent upon
this floor. The people of California have a right
to know why those of them who are going to the
West and returning to their friends in the East are
subjected to this imposition. They have a right
to know by virtue of what law or for what reason
it is done. I say it is an imposition, because the
people of California are the only people in the
Union among the loyal States that arc now pay-
ing for the privilege of going to their home and
of leaving it. 1 do not know, sir, by what right
the Secretary of State can exact from the people
of the Pacific coast the taking out of a passport,
any more than he can of the citizens of Massa- ;
chusetts who want to leave that State and go to
the State of New Yoik.
The entire delegation from the State of Califor-
nia waited upon him, and asked that the gen-oral
order which had been issued se\ oral weeks since,
requiring all people leaving the port of New ork
to take a passpoit, might either be modified or ab- j
rogated. We have waited upon him on several j
occasions to effect tins object. The consent was ;
once given, upon our request, that our people re- i
turning to California and coming from California [
to New York, who pay their through passage, j
should be exempt from this necessity. The del- ;
egation were perfectly willing, and I concede that j
it js proper and right, that all our people who go i
merely to the Isthmus of Panama, with a view of
going to other ports, should be compelled to take
outapassportand swear allegiance to the Govern-
ment; but why a citizen going direct from San
Francisco to New York, or returning, should be
compelled to take out a passport, is to me, and is to
the entire delegation, inconceivable. The theory
of the Government is, that citizens leaving our
ports are not compelled to pay for these passports.
The practical operation, however, upon the large
number of people is, that they have to pay. I am
credibly informed that a fee is charged from two
dollars and a half to five dollars upon every pas-
senger who leaves the port of New York to goto
the port of San Francisco.
Now, sir, I say to the Senate and to the coun-
try, that this is an outrage. The State that I
represent is a loyal State. I took early occasion,
when the troubles that are now upon the country
first commenced, to rise in my place and to pledge
not only my own State, but the Pacific coast, to
loyalty to our Government under any and all
emergencies. That pledge so given has been more
than verified. Why, sir, at the late election m
September last, out of one hundred and twenty
thousand votes polled in the Slate of California,
ninety thousand were for a vigorous prosecution
of the war, and for sustaining the Administration
of the countryinthe position it had assumed; and
out of thirty thousand votes given for one of the
tickets, I believe I am correct in saying that at
least two thirds were loyal citizens, but did not
believe that war was the proper remedy for our
existing troubles. With these facts, I am at a
loss to conceive why our citizens are compelled
to take out a passport from their Government, the
same as if they were going to a foreign country.
Mr. President, the large majority of the people
that leave New York for the Pacific coast have
not the kind of intelligence that is required in the
obtaining of these passports. They do not know
the formula. They do not know-what the requi-
sites are. The result is that a large majority of
them fall a very easy prey to the swindlers in the
large cities who surround the steamships, and are
made the subjects of the vilest imposition. I have
been credibly informed by an eye-witness, that
when one of these steamers departed many of the
passengers presented what they supposed were
properpassports, which had large sealsupon them
and a great number of ribbons, that turned out to
be worthless trash, but which they had purchased
for sums ranging from five to twenty dollars each.
It is necessary, in getting out the passport, to
swear allegiance to the Government; for this oath
the notary charges of course the usual price in the
State of New York; but very few of our people
can obtain a passport without resorting to pro-
fessional assistance, and they are compelled to pay
various fees, ranging from two dollars and a half
to ten dollars. 1 have been informed at the De-
partment of State that there is a gentleman in the
city of New York whose duty it is to issue pass-
ports free of charge, the same as is done here; but
that gentleman does not administer the oath of
allegiance, which requires an officer empowered
by law to administer an oath, who must be com-
pensated. In the large majority of cases, the pro- ;
fessional advice, oath, and trouble, cost from two j
dollais and a half to five dollars per head, as I ;
have been credibly informed. ;
There are three steamers leaving New York for ;
the Pacific coast every month. The average num- :
berofpassengersisaboutsixhundied persteamer, i
oreighteen hundred permonth. If you putthecost
of passports at two dollars each, it is $3,600 a j
month; at one dollar, it is §1,800 a month. That
is but one way. But allow four hundred passen-
gers per steamer, which would amount to twelve
hundred permonth,andthe tax on thepeoplegoing
to California would be, at $2 50 each, at the rate
of $3,000 per month, or §36,000 per annum, or
$72,000 for the passengers going both ways. I
ask the Senate if that is not en enormous tax for
our people to pay; every dollar of which goes into
private hands, and not into the Treasury of the
Government to defray its legitimate expenses. If
the latter was the purpose, 1 would not call the
attention of the Senate and the country to it; but
ever)'- dollar of it goes into the hands of private
parties foi their personal benefit. If you put the
tax at one dollar a head for twelve hundred passen-
gers per month, the tax upon ourpeople amounts
to $14,400 a year one way, and $28,800 for both
routes. The theory of the Government is, as I
have said, that those getting passports shall not be,
compelled to pay for them. In practice, however,
it is entirely different. If you apply to the State
Department to go abroad, you are compelled now
to take the oath of allegiance. For that you pay
the sum regulated by the local law, of course. If
you apply in New York, the passenger is not only
compelled to undergo this tax, but in ninety-nine
cases out of every hundred he is compelled to re-
sort to professional advice in order to get through
the circuitous route of obtaining these passes. I'
ask every Senator how many of his constituents
there are who know the routine necessary to be
followed to obtain these passports ? Here are
eighteen hundred or two thousand people going
every month from New York to San Francisco,
and returning from San Francisco to New York,
who are compelled to go through this routine,
and who necessarily must employ professional
advisers in order that they may successfully get
through.
Mr. President, I do not wish to be tedious upon
this question. I am not in the habit of troubling
this body with matters which I do not regard as
of sufficient public importance for its considera-
tion. I know no other remedy than the one I am
following to obtain the objcct that I desire. It
may be futile. The Secretary of State, for public
considerations, may refuse to give to the Senate
the reasons which I ask for; or the Senate itself
may refuse to call upon him to give the reasons
for this act. I only feel that I am not doing my
; duty to my constituency unless I at least call upon
1 him for those reasons, in order that they may see
them and may know why they are compelled to
undergo this extortion, this unjust imposition.
I ask the patience of the Senate while I read a
letter addressed by Mr. Allen, the agent of the
California steamers in New York city, to Mr.
Kennedy, the superintendent of police, and his
reply. It will probably present this whole ques-
tion more succinctly than anything I could say:
New York, December 6, 1861.
Dear Sir : Our departure of the 21st ultimo was the first
that came undei tiie new regulation concerning passports,
and your piesencc there with a large loice ot assistants, it'
an caiJv hour, enabled us to dispatch our steamer within a
half hoar of the advertised time.
1 supposed that >oui experience of that day's difficulties
would induce you to adopt tmther regulations with a view
to the granting of meieased facilities to the large number
of passengers earned by this line.
1 now beg leave to call your attention to the state of
things on 1'ior No. 3, North river, on the occasion of the1
depattuic of tiie California steamer last Monday. In the
moaning of that day i lound some policeman stationed a*,
the gateway winch separates the outer oi California steamer
section ot the whdif fioni the inner or Fall rivei scction of
the same pier. Tiie policemen lefened to were guaidmg
the gateway, and the sergeant in charge intoimed me that
his orders tioni you were to permit no passengers to go on
board our ship until ball past ten o clock, when one ot your
i deputies would be in attendance. At that time scveiai
! hundred passengois were crowding towaids the gateway,
| inteimingicd with baggage, carriages, and can*, seeking
] access to the steamer, and at the same tune large quantities
' of fieight weie snuggling for discharge from the Fall livei
j steamboat; and very soon thereafter commenced aseene of
J tumult and contusion, from the gateway to the stieet, and
I on the stieet itself, which 1 have never seen equaled in ail
! my experience of New YTork steamboat and steamship do>-
partuie. No order was observed, and none was attempted
to be enforced by the small squad of policemen, who were
fulh occupied in preserving the butiic^de at the gates,and
in loreing the pn^engeis through the apeiture where then
passports wete said to undeigo examination. This scene
ot tumult and contusion continued until alter one o'clock;
and the steamer, instead of getting off at twelve o'clock,
her adveitised hour of depaiture, was compelled to wait
until tweuty minutes pa<t one.
1 deem it my duty to communicate to >ou this state of
facts, and to a-k jou to make such regulations for the fu-
ture as will amehoiate, as far as may be possible, the hard-
ships to which our passengers aie subjected ; ami you will
greatly oblige me and then) if you will ititorm me, before-
hand, what the-se ie<ru!ations will be. [f v<m will let m> 
know at what hour it will be convenient foi you to peimir
passengers to go on board, I will give the notice at our
ollice. so as to avoid, as much a-* po^il>b\ the ctowd at the
gates befoie the\ aie opened; and in deteummnsr tin-, I beg
you to bear in mind that! he houi ol twelve, m., has been es-
tablished loi the depaiture of our ^teamei, loi the reason
that our connection at the lstiunu^ with the Pacific steamer
h thereby oidinariiy^ecmed on the eighth day from New
York, whereas an bom's delay here will involvethe uskof
a day's delay in making that connection, and in the per-
foimance of the tup to t^an Fianci^co.
J beg leave to expiess the hope, therefoie, that you will
make such ai rangejiiont* a*- will enable uui steamer to de-
part at the iiecustonied hour.
Respectfully, \oui obedient servant,
D. B. ALLEN, J3gent.
John A. Kennedy, Esq.,
Superintendent of ike Metropolitan Police.
After the delegation waited upon the Secretary
