132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
of State, as I have stated to the Senate, and asked
him for a modification of this order, and though
that modification had been promised, I find that,
upon last Saturday, the superintendent of police
in the city of New York sent the following letter
to Mr. Allen:
Office Superintendent Metropolitan Police,
413 Broome Street, corner of Elm,
New York, December m, Jb61.
Dear Sir : I have received instructions from the Depart-
ment of State, this day, to requite the full enforcement of
the regulations in regard to passengers by the California
steamers that were originally promulged.
The passengers, whether ticketed for Aspinwall or to
places on the Pacific, will all alike be required to be pro-
vided with passports, or with passes from this office.
Very truly yours, JOHN A. KENNEDY,
Superintendent.
D. B. Allen, Esq., Jigent of California Steamers.
Now, Mr. President, the delegation from the
Pacific coast aie perfectly willing that the passen-
gers leaving either San Francisco or New York
for the Isthmus shall be compelled to take out
passports, notwithstanding the Isthmus of Pa-
nama is under the protection of our law by virtue
of treaty, and our passengers, as well as our
freight, go across that Isthmus the same as if it
were our own territory and under the protection
of our own officers. We have there an inspector
from the Treasury Department to examine all
goods, and the whole transit is entirely under the
control of the citizensof ourown country; yet we
are perfectly willing that those going to the Isth-
mus only should be compelled to take out pass-
ports and pay for them. Rut when it comes to
passengers merely in transitu, passing from one
loyal portion of the country to another and return-
ing, to require them to takeout these passports I
regard as unjust. It is an imposition; as great a
violation of right against the people of the Pacific
coast as if the citizens of Maine were compelled
to take out passports in order to reach the State
of Massachusetts. There is not a particle of dif-
ference in the two cases.
As for tlie idea that disloyal persons and con-
spirators against the Government will go to the
Isthmus of Panama, with a view of shipping from
Aspinwall to European ports or other ports, it is
perfectly ridiculous and absurd, because such per-
sons, when they got to the Isthmus of Panama,
would be further from those ports than they would
be at the port of New York, the sailing point.
Such a person, if he wanted to get rid of taking
an oath of allegiance to the Government, could
very easily get into Canada in twelve hours, where
he would have three steamships per month, under
the protection of the British nag, to carry him to
any European port. The idea that any man who
was seeking to escape the taking of the oath of
allegiance, and wanted to go out of the country,
would go to the Isthmus of Panama, where lie
would be four or five days further from Southamp-
ton or any European port than he would be at the
city of New York, is simply absuid on its very
face.
If the ideais, that conspirators or disloyal people
shall not go to the Pacific coast without taking
the oath of allegiance, I say, as an humble Senator
from one of the States upon that coast, that they
are perfectly welcome to go. There they can do
no harm to the Government, for they will be two
thousand miles from the seat of war and from the
enemy. So far as their effecting any injurious
consequences on our coast is concerned, they are
welcome to all the evil they can do there. The
people upon that coast are loyal. They have re-
sponded to every call made by the Government,
in every manner, shape, and form. They have
responded in troops, and they will respond in
taxation.
The California delegation having failed to get
the Secretary of State to withdraw tins order, I
hope that this body will not hesitate to call upon
him for the reasons for this imposition upon our
loyal people. If there is anything to be subserved
for the public interests by concealing those reasons,
I have nothing to say; but I hold that it is his duty
to disclose to the Senate, in order that the people
on the coast may see, the reasons why this taxis
imposed upon them so different and distinct from
other people passing from one loyal State to an-
other. The Senator from Oregon very correctly
suggests, if this rule is to be followed, why not
compel the passengers going from St. Joseph,
Missouri, or St. Louis, to take out a passport for
passing across the country to the Pacific coast.
There is just as much reason in the one case as
there is in the other.
Mr. President, I owe an apology to the Senate
for having consumed so much time in the pre-
sentation of this resolution. I felt it due, because
upon the mere face of the resolution it would seem
to intimate that I desired something from the State
Department that was improper, or calculated in
some manner or other to embarrass them in their
action. I have no such motive whatever. I feel
that, in common with my colleagues from the
Pacific coast, I would be recreant to my duty if,
after having protested, as we have done as a unit,
against this imposition, we did not call upon this
officer of the Government, if not inconsistent with
the public interest, to disclose the reasons why
the people upon that coast, loyal citizens as they
are, are compelled to undergo what we all regard
as an illegal, improper, and unjust exaction. -
The resolution was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and theSenate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 18, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CAPTUllEI) AFRICANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the House requesting
information as to* contracts for the returning and
subsistence of captured Africans; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES Ofi* INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
another communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a statement of the contin-
gent expenses of that Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1861; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES HENRY POSTER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed by the Committee of Elections to
report the following resolution, and to ask that it
be printed;
Resolved, That Charles flcnry Foster is not entitled to a
scat in this flou&eas a Representative intheThiity-Sevonth
Congress, cither from the lirst or from the second distiiet
of North Catohna.
I am also instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to make the following statement to the
House: that they have pursued the investigation
of this claim so far as to be entirely satisfied that
it is founded in imposition; and that Mr. Foster
seemed to be so well satisfied that he himself had
convinced the committee of that fact that he vol-
untarily abandoned his claim. I move the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the resolution was agreed to, and was also otdered
to be printed.
EXTRA COPIES OIT A REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
ResoUed, Th.it live thousand c\lia copies of the repoit
of the committee to inve-tiaatc contt acts, together with the
evidence, and ten thousand copies of the report, without
the evidence, be piinted for the use of the House.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had appointed Messrs. Wade,
Chandler, and Johnson of Tennessee, a com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, provided for by
joint resolution, lo inqune into the conduct of the
present war.
HOMESTEAD BIL&,
The SPEAKER stated the regular business
before the flouse to be the consideration of House
bill No. 125, to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlersonthe public domain,and to provide a bounty
for soldiers in lieu of grants of the public lands;
the question being on ordering it to be engrossed
and lead a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that any person
who is the head of a family, or who has arrived
at tho age of twenty-one years, and is a citizen of
the United States, or who shall have filed hisdec-
laration of intention to become such, as required
by the naturalization laws of the United States,
shall, from and after the passage of the act, be
entitled to enter, free of cost, one hundred and
sixty acres of unappropriated public lands, upon
which said person may have filed a preemption
claim, or which may, at the time the application
is made, be subject to preemption at $1 25, or less,
per acre; or eighty acres of such unappropriated
lands at $2 50 per acre; to be located in a body,
in conformity to the legal subdivisions of the
public lands, and after the same shall have been
surveyed.
The second section provides that the person
applying for the benefit of this act shall, upon
application to the register of the land office in
which he or she is about to make such entry,
make affidavit before the said register or receiver
that he or she is the head of a family, or is twenty-
one years or more of age, and that such applica-
tion is made for his or her exclusive use and ben-
efit, and those specially mentioned in the act,and
not either directly or indirectly for the use or ben-
efit of any other person or persons whomsoever;
and upon filing the affidavit with the register or
receiver he or she shall thereupon be permitted to
enter the quantity of land specified ; provided,
however, that no certificate shall be given or pat-
ent issued therefor until the expiration of five
years from the date of such entry; and if, at the
expiration of such time, or at any time within two
years thereafter, the person making such entry—
or, if he be dead, his widow; or m case of her
death, his heirs or devisee; or in case of a widow
making such entry, her heirs or devisee, in case
of her death—shall prove by two credible wit-
nesses that he, she, or they have resided upon or
cultivated the same for the term of five years im-
mediately succeeding the time of filing the affidavit
aforesaid, then, in such case, he, she, or they, if
at that time a citizen of the United States, shall,
on payment of ten dollars, be entitled to a patent,
as in other cases provided for by law; and pro-
vided further, that in case of the death of both
father and mother, leaving an infant child, or
children, under twenty-one years of age, the right
and fee shall inure to the benefit of said infant
child or children; and the executor, administrator,
or guardian may, at any time within two years
after the death of the surviving parent, and in ac-
cordance with the laws of the State in which such
children for the time being have their domicile,
sell said land for the benefit of said infants, but for
no other purpose; and the purchaser shall acquire
the absolute title by the purchase, and be entitled
to a patent from the United States, on payment of
the office fees and sum of money herein specified.
The third section directs the register of the land
officc to note all such applications on the tract
books and plats of his office, and keep a register
of all such entries, and make return thereof to the
General Land Office, together with the proof upon
which they have been founded.
The fourth section enacts that no land acquired
under the provisions of the act shall in any event
become liable to the satisfaction of any debt or
debts contracted prior to the issuing of the patent
therefor.
The fifth section enacts that if, at any time after
the filing of the affidavit, as required m the second
section of this act, and before the expiration of
the five years aforesaid, it shall be proven, after
due notice to the settler, to the satisfaction of the
register of the land officc, that the person having
filed such affidavit shall have actually changed his
or her residence, or abandoned the said entry for
more than six months at any time, then and in
that event the land so entered shall revert to the
Government.
The sixth section provides that no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry
under the provisions of the act, and requires the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to pre-
pare and issue such rules and regulations, consist-
ent with the act, as shall be necessary and proper
