1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris*, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No, 223) to render valid
and authorize the extension of the letters patent
granted to John G. Mini on the 13th day ofNo-
vember, 1844, and reissued on the 24th day of
August, 1852, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bil) of the Senate (No. 136) to pro-
vide for the appointment of sutlers in the volun-
teer service,and to define their duties, with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 208) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending 30th June, 1862.
EXIIOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced thattheSpeaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
billandjointresolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 326) to fulfill treaty stipula-
tions with Hanover.
A joint resolution (S.No.22) providing for the
payment of the awards of the commission to in-
vestigate the military claims in the department of
the West.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives (No.
223) to render valid and authorize the extension
of the letteis patent granted to John G. Mini on
the 13th day of November, 1844, and loissued on
the 24th day of August, 1852, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
NATAL DISASTER IN HAMPTON ROADS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit
the following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved. That the Committee on Naval Affaiis inquue
into the late engagement between the lebei steamer*? and
the vessels of the United State-, near Forties Monroe,
with all the circumstances that led to &uch destruction of
the piopeity of the United States; and that they be autiioi-
izud to f-end foi poisons and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution.'
Mr. HALE. 1 do not want to make any ob-
jection to it, and if the Senate charge the commit-
tee with it, we .shall make such inquiries as we
can; but I think it is proper at this time to state a
fact that should be called, in my judgment, to the
attention of the country and of the Senate. It is
this: so far as I know," or am informed, or have
any reason to believe, from the commencement of
this rebellion to the present hour, no matter what
disasters have attended our arms, on sea or 011
land, neither the War Department nor the Navy
Department, except 111 the sm«le instance of a sol-
itary oflicer at the battle of Bull Run, have made
the "least inquiry under heaven. The disgraceful
affair at the mouth of the Mississippi and the
disjsterat Ball's Bluff have passed, so far as either
of these Departments is concerned, without the
least notice. I suppose that this resolution is in-
troduced bv the Senator from Massachusetts in
cognizance "of that fact. I wish to say that I do
not think it is a matter that belongs to a commit-
tee of Congress, provided thai either of these De-
partments, the War or the Navy, took the first
step toward their imperative duty. In my judg-
ment, the moment that a disaster oocms, by land
or by sea, the head of the approjniate Department
should institute a ii£id seiutmy and inquiry into
it. But as 1 said, the only inquiry they did make
was as to tie1 conduct of a single officer at Bull
Run, and 1 believe that court of inquiry leported,
in substance, that they believed eei tain tilings ex-
isted; but the witnesses swore so terribly that it
would be difficult to prove theni or disprove them
either, and therefore they though tit best to let the
matter iro. That has been the system on which
both tie-so Departments have acted m regard to
these matters
I have 110 objection to the lesoluUon.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. I rise simply j
to say that months ago the country understood
that the Merrimac was being fitted out at Norfolk;
that the press of the country called the attention
of the Government to it; that the merchants of
the country were anxious about it; that the under-
writers and insurance agents wrote to the Gov-
ernment here, to members of Congress, and to
others, calling attention to the danger of that ship
comingoutfrom Noifolk. Tomypersonal knowl-
edge, the War and Navy Departments and officers
in the Aimy and Navy have had their attention
called ovei and over again to the danger to the
country of the fitting out of the Merrimac. It has
been fitted out. It has come out of that harbor
and has annihilated vessels of war, and I know
no reason why it may not come out this very day
and annihilate all the vessels in that harbor, or go
where it pleases. I think this deplorable calam-
ity which has fallen upon the country—I will not
say unexpectedly—should be looked into, and we
should know who is responsible for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is due to the chief of
the Navy Department that I should say a single
word in regard to this subject, and especially 
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator from Iowa
permit me to ask, in regard to a point of order, is
the resolution before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heard no
objection, and the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. BROWNING. I intended to object to its
present consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 want to say a single word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Illinois objects, it cannot be discussed.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. BROWNING. I did not understand that
the question of objection had been submitted to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair inquired
if there was any objection. The Chair did not
state that theie was no objection.
Mr. BROWNING. The Chair did not make
any announcement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdidnot;
nor did the Chair hear any objection.
Air. CLARK. The Chan recognized debate.
Mr. HALE, i said that if there was no ob-
jection, and it was under consideration, I had a
few remarks to make, and I went on and made
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And nobody ob-
jected The Chair rules that it is before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. In the first place, I wish to say
a word m regard to a remark which fell from the
Senator from New Hampshire, who is chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affaiis. It is very
tine that with refeience to the disastu that oc-
curred to our shipping at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi no court-martial was held, because from
the very circumstances that suriounded the ease
it was impossible to hold one. The facts were
these: several officers, most of whom had been
retired by a former retiring board of the Nnvy.
but who, after being restored, on account of then-
position on the Na\ai Register, were entitled to
the command of vessels, were in command of the
ships that were blockading that point. They weie
mostly men who had been pronounccd by the
universal sentiment of the service unfit for their
commands; but there was no alternative for the
chief of the Navy Department to puisne except to
assign them to these commands, because Con-
gress itself had decided that they wei e fit to com-
mand by restoring them to the Naval Register, and
placmgtiiem m a position where he was compelled
to take them. When that disaster befell our ship-
ping, an 01 der was immediately issued by the Sec-
retary of the Navy directing them 10 go before a
retnmg board; and I believe that everyone of
them either has been ictmd by that retiring board
or else has been letired by the act of Congress
passed at the early part of this session. It was
impossible for the Secretary of the Navy to recall
the junior officeis who were on that station m
order to hold a eourt-mai tial upon the superior
officers here in Washington without detriment to
the public seivice, and he pursued exactly the
course that I think the facts justified, and that the
necessities of the sen ice required.
Now, sir, I suppose that the purpose of the reso-
lution is to fix the responsibility of the disaster
thathas occurred to the Cumberland and the Con-
gress upon somebody. We all know where that
responsibility rests now. There is no use in send-
ing it before any committee to investigate it. It
rests upon the military branch of the Government,
for not organizing at an early day a military ex-
pedition against Noifolk, and thus capturing the
city, shipping, navy-yard, and machine shop.
Whose fault was it that such an expedition was
not organized ? Was it the fault of the Navy ? By
the reference of this resolution to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, the inference is to be drawn in
this body, and by the country, that the Navy is
in some way responsible for this disaster. In no
degree is the Navy responsible. At all times,
upon all occasions, it has not only been willing,
but has been anxious to perform its whole duty.
Why, sir, it is a notorious fact that upon two dif-
ferent occasions the Navy officers tiave offered)
been anxious, solicited an opportunity to go down
and open the blockade of the Potomac, and upon
oneoccasionfor thirty-six hours were the flotilla
under steam, prepared to go down; but a superior
military officer, who undertook to control all of-
fensive operations, refused to let it go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who was he?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose some gentleman on
the committee on the conduct of the war, who
are now investigating these subjects, can inform
the Senator. I say the responsibility rests upon
those who have neglected to oigamze a military
expedition against Norfolk, and in which the
Navy has always been anxious to assist.
A part of the blame for this disaster is perhaps
due to ourselves, because we have not at an earlier
day passed some appropriations by which to con-
struct iron-plated ships. I congratulate myself
that one of the first acts I did when I came into
Congress was to introduce a lesolution into this
body calling for information in regard to iron-
plated ships, initiating the very measures which
the experience of the past few days has shown
to us that it is necessary for us to adopt if we will
protect our sea-coast from the ravages of a hostile
foe.
I wish to say another word, Mr. President. I
have heard remarks made outside of the Senate,
and by Senators, in legard to the condition of the
Roanoke, a fine steam fiigate belonging to the
Navy, which, at the time these vessels came out,
was deprived of her steam power. What are the
facts? The Roanoke is a fine frigate. Whether
wisely or unwisely I am not going to say, we
have no means of building steam engines for our
own vessels; we have to contract with individuals
or private companies for their construction. The
engines of the Roanoke, as the engines of all other
steamers, were built by private contract. These
contractors have all the patterns and the models
for ull parts of her machinery. When, therefore,
the shaft of the Roanoke broke, it was necessary
for the Department to do one of two things: either
to send her under tow to New York, and thus de-
prive themselves of the benefits of her batteries
if they became necessary, for she is a forty-gun
frigate, and presents to the enemy which ap-
proaches her on either side twenty guns, or to
send the broken shaft to New York to have it re-
paired, and allow her to remain in the harbor to
be moved back and foith by steam tugs, of which
there were half a dozen in that vicinity, and which
could be used for thatpuipose. I apprehend that
the Depai tment was entirely blameless in that re-
spect. That the engine was not completed earlier
is no fault of the Department, but the fault pei*
haps in some degree of the system which we have
adopted, of allowing these engines to be con-
structed by private contractors, and thus when-
ever a portion of the machinery becomes disabled,
permuting them to take up and go on with any
other woik that may be moie profitable to them,
and leave this kind of work to be done at their
leisure.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire of the gentleman
how long since that shaft was broken.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot say how long.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand it is four
months. I desire to know whether any measures
of any kind have been taken to replace it?
Mr. GRIMES. I will inform the Senator that
everything that could be done, or that was desir-
able to be done, was done. The peisons who had
these models and those patterns have been stimu-
lated, I understand, in all possible ways to gether
in a condition so that she could go to sea; but the
Senator will see that the Departments completely
