1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
in the power of the contractors, having the models
themselves, we having none, and if wo had them,
having no machinery to make the defective parts.
Mr. COLLAMER I ask whether they have
been applied to for a shaft for that vessel ?
Mr. GRIMES. Long ago, as I understand.
But the Senator will observe that the Roanoke in
the tow of tugs, of which there "were two by her
side, for the purposes for which she was used,
was just as efficient as she would have been had
her machinery been perfect.
Mr. HALE. I want to say, in answer to
what has been said by the Senator from Iowa,
that I did not mean to charge any special neglect
on the Secretary of the Navy in this particular
instance; but what I meant to say, and what I
think is a notorious fact and a fact highly repre-
hensible, is that there has been no inquiry made
either by the War Depai-tment or the Navy Depart-
ment into the cause of any of the disasters which
have befallen our arms on the sea or on the land,
with the solitary exception, if I am rightly in-
formed, of the court of inquiry into the condition
of Colonel Miles at the battle of Bull Run. The
honorable Senator from Iowa says they did right
in regard to the affair at the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, because they sent our officers before a re-
tiring board. They sent them there just exactly
as they sent there some of the officers of the finest
character in the Navy,men of unblemished repu-
tation—Commodore Stewart, Commodore Long,
and others—men whose fame and reputation are
without reproach and without suspicion. They
were sent before the same leuring board.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator I suppose knows
that Commodore Long voluntarily retired, and
that Commodore Stewart himself was chairman
of the retiring board, and could not have gone be-
fore the board.
Mr. HALE. They have been all retired, some
of them by the board before the last law was passed,
and some of them by law. What I mean to say
is that 1 do not see how the Senator can think that
answered the necessity of an inquiry when they
were simply honorably retired, exactly as other
officers were, precisely in the same way.
What I want to call the attention of the Senate
to is that there has been no inquiry. Does not the
Senator know that the navy-yard at Norfolk, the
greatest naval depot we hail, was abandoned and
no sort of inquiry was ever instituted by the De-
partment into that, not the slightest; and that there
has been no inquiry made into anything, either in
the Army or the Navy, from the very commence-
ment of this contest up to the present hour ? The
honorable Senator fioin Vermont [Mr. Foot] sug-
gests that he thought we oideied an investigation
into the surrender oi theNorfolk navy-yard. We
did not commence an investigation until months
and months after the transaction occurred, and we
found that the Navy Department had failed to in-
stitute any inquiry before the resolution was intro-
duced into the Senate. In my humble judgment,
both these Departments have been exceedingly
derelict in this matter. The very first thing wiiich
should be done when a disaster occurs to our arms
cither on land or on sea, is to institute an inquiry
instantly, and it should be ascertained where the
fault is, if there is any fault, and justice should be
meted out to those to whom the'blame should be
attached.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely rise to suggest
whether any special inquiry can be necessary in
this case. We have a standing committee of both
Houses on the conduct of the war; and when that
committee was appointed it was with the express
understanding, so stated in debate, that they should
inquire into all these matters that took place. I
have heard no leport from that committee. I sup-
pose they have not thought it wise to make one.
Their inquiry has been going 011. The matter is
in their hands, and no doubt they will institute in
this case such investigation as they think neces-
sary, and will communicate with us in due time.
I see no necessity for any special resolution, when
we have that committee to act with the zeal and
ability that every one admits belong to them.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out" the Committee on Naval Affairs,"
and insetting " the committee on the conduct of
the war," so as to commit the inquiry to the com-
mittee mentioned by the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
PURCHASE OF COIN.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill (H.
R. No. 341) to authorize the purchase of coin and
for other purposes, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of any bonds
or notes bearing interest authorized by law, for
coin, at such rates and upon such terms as he may
deem most advantageous to the public interest;
and that he may issue certificates of indebtedness
such as are authorized by the act of March 1,1862,
to such creditors as may desire to receive them,
in discharge of checks drawn by the disbursing
officers upon sums placed to their credit on the
books of the Treasury upon requisitions on the
proper department, as well as in discharge of au-
dited and settled accounts as already provided.
The second section provides that the demand notes
authorized by the acts of July 17,1861, and Feb-
ruary 12, 1862, shall, in addition to being receiv-
able in the paying of duties on imports, be receiv-
able and lawful money and a legal tender in like
manner and for the same purposes and to the same
extent as the notes authorized by the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have directed me to oiler some amendments
to the bill. The first is to strike out in lines one,
two, and three, the words, " may dispose of any
bonds or notes bearing interest authorized by law
for," and insert, "is hereby authorized to pur-
chase;" so that the clause will read:
Tlmt the Secietary of the Trcasuiy is hereby authorized
to put chase com at Mich rates, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. I move further to amend
the bill by inserting as a new section:
JLnd be it fuither enacted, That the limitation upon tem-
porary deposit^ of United State* note'- with airy Assistant
Ticasuieisot designated depositaries uutiimtzod the Sec-
retary of the Troa^ury to lecuivc such deposit* at five per
cent, inteicst to $25,000,000, shall be po far modified as to
authorize the Secieuiyof the Ticasury to receive such
deposits- to an nmouutnot exceeding fifty millions of dollars*.
I desire before the Senate act upon this amend-
ment, if Senators will give me their attention for
a moment, to explain what it means, inasmuch as
the matter was one of very considerable discus-
sion in the Senate when the bill authorizing the
issue of United States notes was before the body.
The Senate will remember that in the bill to au-
thorize the issue of United States notes, we in-
serted a clause by which any person holding a
certain amount of them was authorized to deposit
them with asub-Treasurer,orany othcrdesignated
dcpositaiy, and receive live per cent, interest for
them, having the i Jght to withdraw them on giving
ten days' notice. That provision was limited to
$25,000,000, giving also to the Secretary the power
at any time on notice to stop the payment of the
interest. The experiment has been found, in the
opinion of the Secretary, to lead to a very bene-
ficial result. The banks of New York have agreed
to deposit with the sub-Treasurer in New York,
the amount of twenty or twenty-five millions at
five per cent., and to receive the certificates author-
ized by the act, and to use these certificates in the
settlement of balances at the clcnnng house. The
Secietary regards this as a very benolicial arrange-
ment, a loan, in point of fact, of $20,000,000—if
that is the amount; it is not less than that—to the
Government at five per cent, interest, and a loan
somewhat permanent, because it will be very
likely to remain; ltwillbe the interest of the banks
to have it remain so long as the arrangement be-
tween them, to use these certificates m the settle-
ment of balances shall continue. But the Sen-
ate will recollect that the amount is limited to
$25,000,000; and if New York can loan the Gov-
ernment $20,000,000 at five per cent, interest, for
a considerable time, it will very nearly exhaust
the amount to which the Secretary is limited. Bos-
ton undoubtedly will require some portion, to be
used in the same manner; Philadelphia another
portion, not perhaps a large amount; and the west-
ern States may take perhaps something more. It
becomes therefore advisable, in the judgment of
the Secretary, that the amount should be increased
tu ^50,000,0*00, and he icgards it as a loan and a
very beneficial operation for the Government.
The Committee on Finance have accordingly
drawn up tins section, which so far modifies the
limitation as to give him authority to receive an
amount of deposits not exceeding $50,000,000. I
am bound, however, to state, in regard to it, that
the Committee on Finance did not authorize or
direct me to report this as a measure advised by
the committee, inasmuch as there was so much
discussion on the subject before and so much op-
position to the original proposition, but simply
authorized me to report it for the purpose of lay-
ing it before the Senate, in order that the Senate
mightjudgeforitselfofthe expediency of increas-
ing the amount and removing the limitation thus
far. The original power vested in the Secretary
to stop, upon short notice, the payment of inter-
est at any time he pleases, operates as a sufficient
check upon the matter in case it should be found
to work injuriously. There are, however, some
arguments against it in the minds of some gentle-
men which have been urged heretofore, and I have
called the special attention of the Senate to the
point in order that there may be no misapprehen-
sion or misunderstanding about it after its action
shall have been had.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Maine. The issue of Treas-
ury notes, I believe, is limited to $160,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One hundred and fifty
millions of dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. A bill for an additional
$10,000,000 was slipped in while the discussion
was going on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the whole amount is
limited to $150,000,000. While the $60,000,000
are out but $90,000,000 of new notes will be is-
sued, except to replace those now out.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they shall be replaced,
the whole amount will be $160,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law limits the whole
amount of United States demand notesoutatany
time to $150,000,000. If there are $60,000,000
now out, of course only $90,000,000 of new notes
will be issued.
Mr. COLLAMER. I lay no particular stress
on that point; but the right to reissue the notes
is in the Department. According to law now, a
quantity of these notes, not exceeding $25,000,000,
may be deposited and a certificate of deposit given
bearing five percent, interest. It is proposed here
to carry that up to $50,000,000. The depositors
have a right to withdiaw the notes when they
please, giving ten days' notice; and the Secretary
of the Treasury has a right to give notice that he
will stop the payment of interest, and then of
course they would withdraw their deposits. In
the mean time, as I understand, the notes that are
deposited are subject to be reissued. Am I not
right?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same notes will be
used.
Mr. COLLA-MER. That is really a reissue of
them. Now, suppose a man deposits §1,000 in
these notes, and takes his certificate of deposit.
The Treasury takes his notes and pays them out
again while he holds the certificate. If the whole
amount of §50,000,000 shall be deposited, and then
the depositors should call for their notes, and in
the mean time the Secretmy of the Treasury has
got out the entire $150,000,000, how will ho let
them have the notes? That is a question which
needs answering. I understand the chairman of
the Finance Committee to say that it cannot be
answered by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody can answer it
at the presenttime that I am aware of. The whole
matter is in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is to be presumed that he will man-
age his affairs with ordinary skill and judgment,
and that he will not deprive himself of the power
to meet his obligations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will be dispensed
with until this bill shall be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Carlile] is entitled tothellooron
the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was postponed until
two o'clock to-day, by a vote yesterday.
Mr. CARLILE. No, si r; no vote was taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There certainly was a
vote taken.
Mr. CARLILE. Myund erstnndmg was that
there was none, and 1 think the record will bear
me out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the record is in-
correct, for it certainly was so voted.
