134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr. COVODE. If the bill is to be recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands, I desire, be-
fore that is done, to test the sense of the House
on a proposition which X send up to the Clerk to
be read. I move that it come in at the close of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. No amendment to the bill is
in order.
Mr. COVODE. I want the sense of the House
taken on it with reference to the resolution of in-
structions.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further provided, That this act shall not go into
operation for a pei iorl of one year after the eiose of the war
iu which we are now engaged.
Mr. COVODE. If this bill is to be passed im-
mediately, and to go into effect at once, it would
give the persons who decline to go into the ser-
vice of the country an undue advantage over those
who are now in the service. They would have
the opportunity of occupying the choice land,
while the soldiers now engaged in the service are
not in a position to avail themselves of the same
privilege. I want the sense of the House taken
on my proposition, so that it may be before the
Committee on Public Lands for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. The act nf 1855 granted
bounty land to those who served for a period of
not less than fourteen days. The proposed amend-
ment requires service of at least sixty days to en-
title the soldier to the benefit of the act. It applies
to the soldiers first called out in the three months'
service equally as well as it does to those subse-
quently enlisted in the service.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to sub-
stitute his instructions for those submitted by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. IIoi.man'1
Mr. COVODE. No, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I trust that will
be his motion at least.
Mr. COVODE. My proposition is in addition
to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It will be proper
for the gentleman to move his instructions as a
substitute for those of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COVODE. That may be done after the
sense of the House is taken on my proposition.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
from Indiana had proposed to strike out the entire
bill, and to substitute therefor the instructions sent
by him to the Clerk's desk, there would at least
have been consistency and uniformity in the mo-
tion. Sir, the section which he proposes would
most effectually defeat the entire purpose of the
homestead policy. It would require, according to
the estimate of the Secretary of the Interior, one
hundred million acres to satisfy the bounty which
thegentleman suggests for those who have already
been enlisted in the service, and perhaps one hun-
dred and fifty million before this war shall have
been ended. If we are thus liberal to dispose of
the public land we may as well openly and forever
abandon the purpose of granting homesteads to
actual settlers. According to the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, lately submitted to the
House, fifty-live million five hundred and fifty-five
thousand acres of public lands have been sur-
veyed, hut not yet offered at public sale; and in
addition to this, seventy-eight million six hun-
dred and sixty-two thousand acres surveyed and
offered heretofore at public sale, and now subject
to private entry, making one hundred and thirty-
four million acres at this time ready to be put into
the market. Yet the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana would exhaust every acre of land
which has been surveyed up to this date, and
probably require millions more for the purpose
which he contemplates.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to discuss now
the homestead policy. Thejudgmentofthis House
and of the country has sanctioned it long since,
and there are good reasons why it should not even
now be abandoned or postponed. If there be a
conflict between the bounty land scheme and the
homestead policy, it seems to me that that policy
which extends its benefits alike to the citizen and
to the soldier, or rather which, as this bill pro-
poses, at the same time specially favors the sol-
dier, should prevail over that scheme which is
clearly narrower, and at the same time less useful
to the volunteers themselves. There is not a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands who does
not desire that every bounty which this Govern-
ment is able to pay, in any form, to those who
serve intheArmyor the Navy, shall be provided;
and accordingly they have made it their great
purpose in this bill to reconcile and adjust, if pos-
sible, these two conflicting systems of policy.
We propose, therefore, to allow to every one,
soldier or citizen, the benefit of the homestead
policy, and at the same time to give an additional
bounty of thirty dollars to those who werecalled
out into military service, under the proclamation
of the President in April last, for three months,
amounting in the aggregate to the sum of $2,700,-
000;andalsotorequirethepaymentof the bounty
of $100 provided for in the act of July last, at the
expiration of six months' service instead of two
years; thus givingin money to the soldiers, either
for the first time or upon shorter time, that which
it is impossible for us, consistently with the pub-
lic interests, to give in land, except upon the con-
dition of actual settlement.
The objection urged in former debates against
the homestead policy was its alleged effect to di-
minish the public revenue. Five years ago, for
the fiscal year ending September, 1856, the rev-
enue derived from public lands during that year
amounted to §8,888,000. It has now fallen, during
the past fiscal year and the first quarter of the
present, to §925,000; and the Secretary of the In-
terior estimates that during the coming fiscal year
the net proceeds will not exceed, if they even do
not fall short of, $.200,000, being an amount only
sufficient to pay the expenditures of this Govern-
ment for some two hours and forty minutes. Sir,
it is rather our duty to increase than to diminish
this small income from the public lands; and
though we may have no revenue from them for
some years to come, wc must yet reserve them as
a basis of public credit.
The effectof the homestead policy may,indeed,
be to diminish the sales of these lands, and thereby
the revenue; but the answer to that is that the set-
tlement of the ktfids increases their value, brings
in a larger population, extends the basis of taxa-
tion, gives greater wealth, and thereby increases
the resources of the State, and in this way returns
to the Treasury a much larger sum than would
otherwise be received only from the sale of the
land. Had not Congress at the extra session
offered a bounty of $100 to those who should en-
list, there could have been no difficulty upon this
subject. The committee, however, was obliged,
by way of reaching their purpose, to reduce the
time, as 1 have stated, from twenty-four months
to six months, giving thus a stronger inducement
to those who may be called upon hereafter to en-
list, and a much more beneficial bounty to those
who have already enlisted. This was all that
remained to be done.
The amount we propose to give will, in all prob-
ability, under the act of July, or acts which may
be passed hereafter, amount to §100,000,000. Add
to this the $2,700,000 proposed by this bill to be
paid to the three months' volunteers, and you
have an enormous sum in addition to the pay
which the soldiers, sailors, marines, and others in
the Army and Navy now receive, to say nothing
of the other extraoidinary expenses of the war.
The purpose of the committee, as I have said, was
to reconcile and adjust these two systems of policy;
and I say to the House if, besides the f 100 bounty,
which no soldier ever before recciveu in any war
which we ever waged, we are to give the one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, this Government will not
be able to pay the public debt—no, not in a cen-
tury. And furthermore, the homestead policy
will be utterly defeated.
Mr. HOLMAN asked a question, which the
reporter could not catch.
Air. VALLANDIGHAM. The difference is
in the question of justice, which demands that
every citizen should have the benefit of the home-
stead secured by this act.
"But I was about to add in this connection, that
the form in which we propose a bounty to the
soldiers is in every way preferable to that sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana. The ex-
perience and observation of every one inside and
outside of this House is that these bounty land
! warrants arc subjects of speculation, that not one
! soldier in ten thousand ever has located his war-
! rant or settled upon tiie land himself. Indeed they
| are regularly quoted in the stock market, and form
i part of the basis or element of the speculations
of the country. Yet the gentleman now proposes
to issue these land warrants in countless num-
bers, though the soldiers will be obliged to sell
and will sell them to speculating harpies at any
price, especially inasmuch as while the war lasts
and they are in service they cannot locate the
warrants personally. We propose to cut up this
mischief by the roots. We propose that those
who do military service shall have the bounty of
§100 in six months. This is better than if you
oblige them first to serve two years, and it is in-
finitely better to the soldier every way and at any
time than a bounty land warrant which he can-
not keep, and will sell at twenty cents an acre, and
it is better also for the interest of the whole coun-
try. I presume that these assertions will hardly
be denied. Every member in this House knows,
for many of us have purchased these warrants our-
selves, that the result of their issue is, instead of the
development of the prosperity of the States where
the lands lie, to retard that development. It is
true that if there were no other way to bestow a
bounty upon the volunteer I should vote for the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana.
But I repeat again and again, and I call the at-
tention of every gentleman to it, that this proposi-
tion strikes a death blow at the homestead policy.
And besides all this we shall have the country
flooded with numberless land warrants, to be dealt
in by speculators, who will locate them now, and
sell the lands at a future period of prosperity at an
enormous advance. But if the policy which wo pro-
pose is adopted, while the soldier will reap all the
benefits which it is possible for him to have now or
hereafter, at the same time the industry and re-
sources of the whole West will be materially aug-
mented, and her ability to bear your burdens and
pay your taxes greatly increased. But I did not
rise, sir, to speak at length upon this subject, es-
pecially as the gentleman from Indiana, almost
without argument, has submitted his proposition
as one which the House would necessarily be
obliged to adopt.
Mr. HOLMAN. Instead of submitting my
proposition as one which the House would of
course accede to, I submitted it as a proposition
with which the House and the whole country are
entirely familiar.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, sir, I never
saw a handbill, calling for recruits, which held
out this promise of bounty lands as a thing cer-
tainly to be done. But we propose now to give
both land bountyand money bounty, i concurred
with the committee cordially in providing a bounty
of thirty dollars for the three months' volunteers,
and justice indeed requires it, because they have
received nothing but their meager pay of eleven
dollars a month. They were the first who came
forth under most trying circumstances. They
abandoned their business, and left their homes
upon the shortest notice, without promise of
anything but this paltiy sum of eleven dollars a
month; and now we propose to pay them a bounty
in money, and in addition to it to give them a fiee
homestead of land. We offer the same to the sol-
dier for the war, and his $100 besides. Let him
not object that his fellow-citizen who remains at
home and bears the burdens of taxation, and the
other many privations of war, is entitled also to
that same right of homestead.
Mr. HOLMAN. What benefit does the Gov-
ernment expect to derive from the public lands if
the homestead bill is adopted ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will say to the
gentleman that the effect which the homestead bill
will exert upon the lands which were settled years
ago will make them of ten times their present
value for purposes of taxation alone to the States
or to the United States, to say nothing of the re-
flected increased value of the lands not sold or
settled. I repeat that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana will exhaust every surveyed
acre to-day of the public lands, and yet the sol-
dier for whom he is exerting himself will rcceivc
no benefit from it, except whatever sum of money
these land warrants may bring in the market—not
twenty cents an acre in one year from their issue.
They bring now, though few in number, but fifty
cents an acre; and when you shall have issued u
sufficient number to supply each one of the five
or six hundred thousand men in the field, they
will flood every market, and you may buy them
for a song. Thus, instead of bringing $100, they
will not realize ten dollars to the volunteer. Sir,
