1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
the gentleman has made no estimate, either of the
number of acres which will be required nor of the
number of land warrants which will be issued,
and of their effect upon the market. The com-
mittee were unanimously of the opinion that this
proposition was far preferable, as well for the sol-
diers as for the whole country, and it is in defense
of this opinion that I have spoken to-day.
I repeat again, that if the gentleman was able
to show that the soldier would receive a greater
benefit from his proposition than from that of the
committee, without serious loss to the country,
it should have my hearty support. But I cannot
so see if; and besides, the first question is, " what
is for the benefit of the whole country;" and next,
what is for the benefit of the soldiers themselves
as but a pavtof that country? Let them have their
bounty in money, and then, also in common with
every citizen, a free homestead in land. Thus
may you be both generous and just, reconciling
popularity with statesmanship, and befriending
the soldier without sacrifice of the great and true
interests of the whole country.
Mr. EDWARDS obtained the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman to yield
the floor for a moment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will.
Mr. COVODE. I have no desire to detain the
House with any remarks. I desired to get in the
amendment in the House; but that being decided
as out of order, I want the bill to go back to the
committee, with the instructions of the House
upon this point. The condition of things in the
country has changed very materially since we
passed the homestead bill at a previous session.
Mr. EDWARDS. I merely yielded to the
gentleman to modify his amendment, and not to
debate it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he modify his amendment
so as to provide that the bill, with the exception
of this section conferring upon the soldiers this
bounty, shall not go into effect for one year.
Mr. COVODE. I am satisfied to do so, and
will make the amendment accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will accept the amendment
in that shape, as a part of my amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, as modified by
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to be
in effect this: that there shall be a provision in
the bill granting to soldiers in the present war a
bounty, to be paid in land, equal to what has been
granted by previous legislation to soldiers in pre-
ceding wars, and that the selection, if any shall
be made under the homestead provision of this
bill, shall not be made until a certain period after
the close of the war, leaving the bounty lands to
be selected, as they may be selected under the pro-
vision of former acts. Now, sir, I am in favor of
this amendment. I know very well that it has
been the policy of this body to favor a homestead
law; and thata law of that character, unconnected
with any other proposition, has passed this House
at various times by large majorities. But in the
piesent condition of the country, there is, in my
judgment, a question which takes precedence of
this and of all other questions, and that is, the
question of finance. That question, as it controls
the whole expenditure of money in this country
to-day, so it should control, in my judgment, any
disposition which should be made of the public
domain. The gentleman from Ohio says that we
may exhaust all our lands to furnish encourage-
ment to fight the battles of the country. Sir, if
we do not fight the battles of the country and
maintain the integrity of the countryand the con-
tinuance of the Government, we shall have no
lands to bestow upon anybody.
Mr. VALLANDIGFtAM. That was not my
argument; and 1 am sure the gentleman had no
design to misrepresent me. The question is
merely as to the proper mode of encouraging
those who enlist in the service.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hold, therefore,that it is
the first duty of this Government to use all its
resources, so far as necessary, in order to main-
tain itself and to vindicate the Constitution of the
country. In relation to the granting of bounty
lands to soldiers, it is said that we have given an
equivalent. It is true that, in the legislation of
the last session of Congress, there was an induce-
ment held out to enlist, in the way of $100 bounty,
under certain conditions. That still stands as an
inducement; but let me say that, beyond that, it
has been understood throughout the whole coun-
try that Congress would mete out to the soldiers
of this war the same liberality in reference to pub-
lic lands that it meted out to soldiers who have
fought the battles of the country in preceding
wars. It has been so understood; and they have
been justified, in my judgment, in entertaining
this opinion, from the fact that notices were given
at the July session of bills for the purpose of
granting bounty lands, in addition to the induce-
ments then held out; and it was supposed that
those bills were only passed over on account of
the shortness of the session, to be enacted at a
more convenient time.
Now, sir, if this is one of the inducements upon
which our Army has been collected, and collected
with so much promptness, by volunteer enlist-
ment, 1 trust this Congress will not now say to
those who have enlisted under these inducements,
that they will deny them this grant. I have seen
on the bills of lecruiting officeis in the part of the
country where I live a distinct statement made, in
order to induce enlistment, that bounty lands
| would be gianted by the next Congress; and I
I appeal to gentlemen from all parts of the country
I whether they have not understood that it would
be almost a matter of course that when this Con-
gress should come together they would confirm
that expectation on the part of the soldiers of the
country.
Now, sir, does this bill furnish an equivalent
for bounty lands? I have great respect for the
Committee on Public Lands. I have no doubt the
measure has been carefully considered; but, at the
same time, in coming to conclusions we arrive at
different conclusions by different processes; and
while I respect their judgment, I am bound to
respect my own, and especially the judgment of
other members of the House not members of that
committee. What equivalent for bounty land does
this bill grant to the soldier? It grants every sol-
dier the right to a homestead according to the pro-
visions of this bill. Well, sir, they would have
that if they were not soldiers. It only grants to
those soldiers who are not married, and to those
who are not of age, a privilege which the home-
stead bill does not give them; but to the others it
grants no privilege which they would not be en-
titled to if they were not soldiers. Then again,
sir, it subjects them to all the conditions of the
homestead; they must reside upon the land for five
years and prove their occupancy, without which
they are not entitled—conditions not heretofore
imposed on any grants for military service.
Then, sir, in my judgment, the only benefit
which this bill secures to the soldiers in lieu of
bounty lands is the paymentof thirty dollars, and
1 put it to this House whether that is an equiva-
lent? I put it to this House whether that will
satisfy those who have enlisted under the impres-
sion that they were equally to be favored with
the soldiers that have heretofore enlisted for our
foreign wars? Is there any reason why we should
not treat the soldiers that are called together on
this emergency, in this extremity of the country,
to fight its battles and maintain the integrity of
the nation, with as much liberality as we have
treated those who fought our battles against Great
Britain in the war of 1812, or fought our battles
on the fields of Mexico?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether, in his judgment, if a land warrant were
given to every soldier now enlisted, the warrants
would sell for more than thirty dollars each?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The old land war-
rants sell for fifty cents an acre.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am willing to trust the
soldier to hold it for occupancy, or to sell it for
what he may, whether more or less; and it is im-
possible for me to know what the market will be
five years hence. I think that if we succeed in
maintaining the Government, and sustaining the
independence of the country, the soldier's warrant
will be worth more than thirty dollars; if we do
not, it will be worth nothing.
Mr. POTTER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire a question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would rather not yield.
The gentleman is chairman of the committee,and
will undoubtedly have an opportunity of being
heard. I have already taken up more time than I
intended.
With regard to the other provisions of the bill
—the homestead provisions as they stand—I shall
leave that to other gentlemen. I should have
preferred myself that there should be no home-
stead provision passed at the present session j not
that I am insensible to the claims of our citizens
everywhere, but, in the present state of the coun-
try, I should prefer to legislate only so much as
is necessary in order to maintain the Government.
If, however, other gentlemen think that provision
proper, standing in connection with bounty lands
to the soldiers, I have not a word to say; but I
conclude by expressing my hope that this pro-
vision giving to our soldiers the bounty lands
which have been given to the soldiers of past wars
will be inserted in the bill, according to the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. VANDEVER. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
add a few words to what has already been said in
reference to this important measure. It is plain
to the apprehensions of those who have had an
opportunity of observing the influence of these
bounty land acts upon the interests of the com-
munities where the public lands lie, that, rather
than operating as a bounty to the soldier, it has
operated more as a bounty to the speculator.
Under this pretense of encouraging the soldier,
who has enlisted to fight the battles of his coun-
try, by a donation of one hundred and sixty acres
of land, you are now asked to sanction the amend-
ment proposed to this bill. Now, sir, do we not
all know that immediately upon the passage of a
bounty land act in the shape in which it is now
proposed as an amendment to this bill, the soldiers
themselves will become a prey to the operations
of these Shylocks who surround them, and that,
perhaps, not one out of ten of the men now bear-
ing arms in the service of the country will ever
claim the one hundred and sixty acres of land to
which he may be entitled for the purpose of set-
tlement, but that his right will pass into the hands
of some man who offers to buy it? That is the
practical operation of a measure of this kind. It
is not a bounty to the soldier, but it is a bounty
to the gentlemen from the East who have money
in their pockets, and who hang about the camps
and buy up the rights of the soldiers for a mere
song. It enriches these men, but it does not op-
erate as any benefit to the soldier.
Now, what does this bill propose? It is true
that whether a man is a soldier or not, he may
avail himself of the provisions of this bill and
settle upon the public lands, and make a home-
stead for himself; but the soldier has this addi-
tional advantage, a donation of a bounty in money,
so that, when the war is closed, he may, if he
chooses, take for himself a homestead upon the
public lands remaining unappropriated and sub-
ject to preemption, having in his pocket the money
with which to pay his passage to those lands.
As was stated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vallandigiiam,] it is estimated by the Sec-
retary of the Interior that more than a hundred
million acrcs will be required to satisfy the de-
mands of the soldiers already enlisted in the ser-
vice of the country if we grant bounty lands.
Where arc we to obtain those lands? Had we
not better say not only to the soldier, but to the
hardy pioneer and soldier, that the public lands
are open as homesteads to actual settlers, and that
we will give to the soldier, above the settler who
has not served in the ranks of the Army, a bounty
in money, which will be of more advantage to
him than the miserable pittance which will be
doled out to him by the speculators and Shylocks
who will seek to convert his rights to their own
advantage? These are the considerations which
controlled the action of the committee in report-
ing the bill in its present shape; and I think they
ought to prevail with this House. I think we
ought not to rccur to the policy of granting bounty
lands, the disastrous effects of which have already
been felt in the financial reverses which it has
brought upon the country. I say without fear of
contradiction, that one of the great moving causes
of these revulsions has been the stimulus given
to this spirit of speculation by the operations of
bounty land speculators* Everywhere through-
out the country, m every town and village, you
saw " land warrants bought" upon shingles from
almost every office. These land warrants were
sold at a mere sang,, and were located over im-
mense tracts of land, which to-day remain un-
productive, thus paralyzing the energies of this
great country, and settling down as an incubus
