1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1130
one nation seeks to enforce its alleged rights against
another and separate nation; where, in the lan-
guage of Scripture, "nation lifts up the sword
against nation." The struggle in which weare now
engaged is not,strictly speaking,evenacivil war;
hut is, on our part, an effort to suppress insur-
rection, as an extract from Vattei will show. The
war of the Revolution was a civil war. Why?
Because there was justice on the side of those who
were in rebellion. They had right on their side;
and whenever you speak of a civil war to a man
who understands its definition, you admit that
there is some justice for that war. I deny that
there is any justice for this rebellion. It is an
unholy and wicked effort on the part of ambitious
men to enslave the people and make them sub-
servient to their own wicked purposes. Senatois
will mark the distinction which Vattel makes, be-
cause I shall call their attention to the definition
of insurrection presently:
The name of rebels is given to all -.ubjects who unjustly
take up arms against the luler of the society, whcthei their
view be to deprive him of the supreme authontv, 01 to
resist hi-. commands in tome paitieulai instance, and to
impose conditions on him."
Sir, are not these people rebels'
" A popuiai commotion m a concourse of people who as-
semble in a tumultuous inannei, and jefu^e to listen to the
voice of their bupenois, whcthei the design of the assem-
bled multitude be leveled against tho superior* themselves,
01 only against some pnvate individuals. Violent commo-
tions of this kind take place when the people think them-
selves aggueved, and there is no ouler of men who so fre-
quently give rise to them as the tax-gatherers. If the rage
of the malcontents be pailicularly leveled at the magistrates,
or otheis vested with the public authority, and they pioceed
to a lorinal disobedience or act^ of open violence, this is
called a sedition. When the evil spieads, when it infects
the inajouty ot the inhabitants of a city oi province, and
gams such strength that even the sovcielgn is no longer
obeyed, it is usual more pnrttculaiiy to distinguish such a
dwndei by the name of imuilection.''—Vattel, book 3,
chap. 18, sees. 288, 239.
Now, what is the definition of civil war?
" When a party is formed m a State who no longer obey
the •soveieijrn. and aie possessed ot sufficient•-tiength to op-
pose him—or when, in a icpublic, the nation is divided into
two oppoMie faction*,and both sides take up.unr—this t,-
called a cinl wat. Some writers confine tin-term to a pisl
in^miection of the subject* ngamst then ^.oveieign, to di^
tinguihh that lawful ie^i«tanee fioin rebellion, which is an
open and unjust assistance. But what appellation will they
give to a war which au^es in a republic torn by two ike-
iious. in in a monarchy, between two competitors for the
crown? Custom appiopriates the tcim of 1 civil mar ' to
every war between the mcmbeis of one anil the same po-
litical society. It it be between puiof'the citizens on one
side, and the sovereign with tnov who continue in obedi-
ence to him on tiie othei, provided the malcontents have
any reason "—
mark—
"for taking up aims nothing fuifher is requued to entitle
such clistui bailee to tin* name of cii il war, and not that of re-
bellion — Valtel's Law of Nations, book 3, chap. IS, sec. 292.
Sir, I deny that this is a civil war. I deny that
there was anything to justify the men who inau-
gurated it. 1 pronounce it a rebellion, and those
who are engaged m it are rebels.
I deny, therefore, that if Congress were not
restrained bv the Constitution the laws of war
would authorize or justify the enactment of such a
law as the hill proposes; but whether right or
wrong in thispioposnion, I plant myselfupon the
Constitution, deny the power, and challenge con-
tiadietion. I assert what will not be denied, that,
pjior to the rebellion, the advocates of this bill
themselves admitted the want of power in Con-
gress to interfere with slavery, or to change the
status of the slave in the slaveholding States. No
Senator has shown, or can show, any grant of
power in the Constitution to warrant the enact-
ment of such a law, or from which the powei to
do so is deducible. The want of such a power is
conclusive, and should end tin; discussion.
1 will read, howevei, fiom the eighty-fourth
number of the Fudeialist, written by Mr. Hnmil^
ton, who cei tain]v is believed at this day to have
claimed as large powers as the most latitudmous
construction could give to the Constitution. He
is endeavoring to show why a bill of rights was
not neressai y:
" I go fur! hot. and affiim that bills of lights, m the sense
and to the extent thev aie contended tos. <nc not only un-
neres-iaiv in ihc piopoM-d um-tituiion, but would even be
dan<r<-ious. They would contain vauou* exception- to
poweis not gianted: andon tin- veiy account would aJmid
a coloiable pietext to cl.iim moio than weic granted roi
win didai<' that tlnnii- eluill not be done, winch theieis
no powei to do5 Why, Tor instance, should it hi >aid tiiat
the iibeits of the pie<* shall not be ic-tiained, when no
powei i< gi\ en by winch 1 evictions maybe impo-ed - —
Federalist* p-
A,rain, I cull tho attention of Senators to the I
very first section of the first article of the Consti-
tution itself:
a All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in
a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives.'''
Then, sir, it is only the legislative power granted
in the instrument that the Senate and House of
Representatives can exercise, and none other. I
go further, and show that not only is there no
such power given in the Constitution, but the ex-
ercise of such a power is expressly forbidden;
first by the clause declaring that
" No bill ofattamdei or ex post, jacto law shall be passed."
Again, by the clause declaring,
The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment ol treason, but no attainder of treason shall work eor-
luption of blood or foifeiture, except duung the life of the
person attainted."
Again, by the fifth article of the amendments,
u No person shall be held toanswer for a capital or other-
wise iniamous crime, utile-- on a piescntmcnt or indict-
ment of a grand juiy. except in ca-es arising in the land or
naval foices oi m the militia when in actual service in time
of wai or public danger; nor shall any peisou be subject for
the same otfen-o to be twice put in jeopaidy of life or limb;
nor shall be compelled in anvcruninal case to be a witness
against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due piocess of law , noi shall private property be
taken loi public n*e withoutjust compensation."
Again, by the seventh article of the amendments:
'•In suits at common law, where the value in contro-
veisy shall exceed twenty dollar, the right of trial by jury
shall be preseived; and nofacttiiPd by a jury shall be'otiier-
wise reexamined in ail}" court of the United States than
according to the rules ol the common law."
Where but twenty dollars is involved, the right
of trial by jury is secured, and admitted to be se-
cured by the Constitution; and yet under this bill
all that the citizen may have is swept from him
without even the first process known to our courts
being served upon him.
It is incumbent upon Senators who, prior to the
rebellion, admitted that Congress couid not inter-
fere with slavery in the States where it exists, but
who are now the advocates of this bill, to show
the clause in the Constitution conferring upon
Congress the power claimed. Congress has the
power to legislate for the suppression of insurrec-
tion, but the insurrection must be suppressed and
the rebellion put down by constitutional means,
and in a constitutional way, otherwise all that
would be necessary to overthrow the Constitution
and destroy the Government under it, would be
to incite insurrection. If Congress were not to
suppress insurrection by constitutional means and
in a constitutional way, thoie would be nothing
for the loyal citizen to fight for. Tie readily obeys
his country's rail, and enrolls himself in its mili-
tary service. Why, and for what ? That the Con-
stitution may be overthrown, that his fellow-citi-
zens in the rebellious States may be deprived of
their constitutional rights secured to them by the
cojnmon bond.' No, sir; God foibid. He takes
up arms for no such purpose; he enlists under the
banner of his country to uphold it and all the rights
of which it is the emblem. He spills his blood
that the constitutional Government under which
he has lived may be preserved, and all his consti-
tutional rights maintained. It was for this, and
this alone, as I know full well, that the brave Lan-
der sacrificed Ins life. Patriot soldier he was.
Long will Ins memory live in the hearts of the
loyal people of my State. He it was that led our
troops to battle and to victory at Philippaand Rich
Mountain. It is one of the proudest recollections
of my life that I urged upon the President and his
Cabinet his nomination as brigadier general. I
reflect with satisfaction upon my agency in pro-
curing his nomination. I will not now check the
unbidden tear that fills my eyes while I recall be-
fore me his manly form and reflect upon his heroic
courage. No man ever guarded more carefully the
honor of his country, or more scrupulously pro-
tected the rights of private property.
Mr. President, Massachusetts'sson was made a
Virginia brigadier. Your recoids will show that
it was Frederick W. Landei, of Virginia, that the
President nominated and the Senate confirmed.
Virginia adopted him as her son, and she claims
the privilege to mingle her tears with those of his
own native State. This is as it should be between
States united as are the States of this Union,
under one Constitution, having one country and
one destiny. Let us remember that to the united
efforts, m war and m peace, of Massachusetts and ;
Virginia and their sister States we are indebted for
our glorious Constitution. I would acknowledge
also our indebtedness to Massachusetts for loan-
ing to us, through her Governor, in our darkest
hour last spring, two thousand stand of arms.
Such recollections are themes upon which 1 love
to dwell. Would to God there had been in the past
nothing inconsistent with the kind and friendly
scrvice to which I have referred. Let us bury
forever all recollection of what has occurred to
interrupt the kindly relations between the two old
States or between the sections of our common
country. Let us again be a united and a happy
people, animated by that fraternal feeling' so ne-
cessary to our peace and prosperity as a nation.
God grant that again we may be bound together
by the silken cord of brotherly love, never to be
broken; each State vieing with the other in the
kindly discharge of every constitutional obligation
and all frowning indignantly upon the first dawn-
ing of any attempt to alienate the sections or to
disturb the harmony of the whole.
Mr. President, the Senator from Maine the
other day argued that we were engaged in a war,
and contended that Congress had the power to do
what he said the law of nations authorized sov-
ereign and independent nations engaged in public
war to do. Assuming his positions, he argued to
prove what the rebels have been striving to make
the world believe, that the so-called confederate
States were a nation and an independent Power,
entitled to be recognized as a belligerent Power,
and therefore, according to his assumption, as we
have the right to confiscate the property of a bel-
ligerent Power, wc have the right to pass this bill
and confiscate, not the property of the belliger-
ent, but all the property, lands, and goods of pri-
vate individuals inhabiting the domain over which
the government of this belligerentPowerextends.
If the Senator be right, we should cease to com-
plain of England for so far recognizing the so-
called confederate States as a belligerent as to
maintain a neutral position between us.
The Senator from Maine follows the Represent-
ative from Kansas, from whose speech I have
quoted, and contends that the conduct of the rebels
invests this nation with the high prerogatives of
war. In other words the unconstitutional acts of
rebels confer upon Congress powers not dele-
gated by the Constitution. I humbly submit to
the Senator if he has not done what no foreign
Government has yetdone, and what we would be
ready to resent if any foreign Government were
to do—recognized by his speech the pretended
confederate government, tie has gratified the
conspirators by dignifying their rebellious acts
into acts of war. He would concede to them what
they claim, that they are not engaged in rebellion,
but in waging war against a foreign Government;
for the Senator from Maine has arrived at the con-
clusion, to use his own language, that we are in a
state of involuntary war with a belligerent Power,
and therefore he would confiscate the property,
not of the belligerent, for the belligerent has none
—the custom-houses, forts, dock-yards, mints,
&c., are ours—but he would confiscate the prop-
erty and free the slaves of private individuals. I
confess I do not understand the Senator's logic.
We are notat war, Mr. President, with a belliger-
ent Power, but with rebellious citizens. The Sen-
ator from Maine asks how shall it ever be known
when we are in a state of war? I reply, Con-
gress will inform him. The Constitution confers
upon Congress the power to declare war.
{ object to this bill because it violates an ex-
press provision of the Constitution in this: the
Constitution declares that no person shall be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law. and that private property shall not
be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion. This bill, as the Senator from Illinois ex-
plained a little while ago, without judicial accu-
sation or trial, would sweep from the entire pop-
ulation of the seceded States the property of every
person residing therein. It dispenses with the
judicial tribunals of the country, condemns with-
out a hearing, and punishes without a trial. In
short, it does what the Constitution expressly for-
bids—executes itself. I inquire, was there ever
before such a proposition submitted to any legis-
lative assembly in any civilized country on the
face of the earth ?
In the same letter, to which I before referred,
Mr. Hamilton quotes Justice Blackstone:
" To bereave a man of life," says he, u or by violence to
confiscate his estate, without accusation or trial, would be
