1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3079
of what she would have sold fer two years before
that; and we are not in a condition to have any
such burden, as is proposed by this amendment,
imposed on the State at this time. I really hope
the amendment will not be adopted; I am very
sorry to have it voted upon.
Mr. GRIMES. I promised the Senator from
Maine that I would not make a speech, and I will
not. I have just three reasons why I am going to
vote against this proposition. First, it is a tax if
anything, and does not appropriately belong on
this bill; the Senator should have offered it on the
tax bill. Second, if it is not a tax bill, it is a bill
of pains and penalties and does not belong prop-
erly here, bat should be in the criminal code. In
the third place, the effect of it will be to shut up
all the small banks, and it will operate to the ad-
vantage of the city banks, if it operates to the
advantage of any class of banks. It will throw the
money transactionsinto the hands of the city banks
and take them away from the country banks.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler,Harlan, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Caililc,Clark, Collamcr, Cow-
an, Davi*, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Fostei,
Grimes, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Tlovve, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Powell, Sautsbury, Simmons, Stark, Sumner,
Ten Eyck,Wilkinson, Willey,and Wilson ofMissouri—27,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out, m lines nine and ten of the first sec-
tion, the words,4' for the fractional part of a dollar
and not more than $25,000,000 shall be," and
after the word " of''in line ten, by inserting " a,"
and striking out the letter " s" at the end of the
word " denominations," so as to make the clause
read, " that no note shall be issued of a lower de-
nomination than five dollars." I have too much
respect, sir, for the character and dignity of my
Government to want it to go into an issue of what
have heretofore been termed " shinplastcrs." I
do not think there is any actual necessity for it.
I believe that the wants of the Treasury and the
demands upon it can be met without resorting to
the issue of these small notes, and it is a fact that
the banking institutions of the country are now
limited almost exclusively in their circulation to
notes of a less denomination than five dollars.
Your legal tender notes have gone in and supplied
the wants of the community from five dollars up-
wards, and I think it is but proper that we should
adhere to the policy adopted by Congress when
it authorized the first issue of these notes.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. "WILKINSON. I move, in line nine of
section one, to strike out the words " for the frac-
tional part of a dollar,99 and to insert " of a dif-
ferent denomination than is now issued in current
gold coin." I offer this amendment at the sug-
gestion of the Treasurer of the United States, who
mentioned to me that it would be a better provis-
ion than that contained in the bill in this respect,
so as to allow, if the necessity existed, the issue
of such denominations of notes as are now issued
in current gold coin. They probably would find
it more convenient.
The PrtESIDENTp-o tempore. The clause, if
amended as proposed, will read, "that no note
shall be issued of a different denomination than is
now issued in current gold com."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand that this
was requested by the Treasurer of the United
States?
Mr. WILKINSON. It was suggested to me
by General Spinner yesterday when I was up
there. He handed me a bill with the amendment
in it, and thought it would be more convenientfor
all the purposes of the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary can direct
just what he pleases about that.
Mr. HALE. As I understand this amendment,
it will forbid the issuing of three dollar bills..
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not three dollar bills;
we have three dollar gold coin.
JVIr. WILKINSON. We have one dollar, two
and a half dollar, three dollar, and five dollar gold
coins. He thought these were the most conven-
ient denominations for the use of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I do not care anything about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported totheSenate,as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be fead a
third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. 1 would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Minnesota whether he has not by this
amendment prevented the issuing of any notes of
a greater denomination than twenty dollars. That
is the way I understand the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We might have to issue
them to the amount of §1,000.
Mr. COWAN. This amendment requires the
notes to be of the same denomination as the cur-
rent gold coin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better be
reconsidered.
Mr. WILKINSON. If we can reconsider and
strike out the word ''different" and insert" less,"
it will do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment can be altered by common consent in the
present stage.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suggest that the word
" different" be changed to " less."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not meet it.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which we adopted that amendment. I think it a
very foolish amendment anyhow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote or-
dering the bill to a third reading must first be re-
considered.
The vote by which the bill was ordered to a
third reading, was reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves now to reconsider
the vote agreeing to the amendment which was
moved by the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the consent of the
Senate to modify the amendment by inserting the
word " less," m place of " different."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident that there is
no necessity for the amendment. It is only a
question whether notes shall be issued for $2 50,
and that cannot be of consequence enough to put
in the amendment. I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment be
read as modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the clause
be amended as proposed, it will read, " that no
note shall be issued of a less denomination than
is now issued in current gold coin."
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments wcic ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
road the third time; and the question on its pas-
sage being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Ihovvnmg, Chandler, Claik,
Dixon, Foot, Hale, Ilarns, Hender>on, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Motnil, Pomeroy, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Willoy, and
Wilson of Missouri—22.
NAYS—Messis. Cailile, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Fo>-
ter, Ilarlan, King, Powell, Saulsbuiy, Shciman, Staik,
Trumbull, and Wnght—13.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some of my friends find
fault with me for not voting on the bill. I ask
unanimous consent to be allowed to record my
vote in the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be 110
objection, the name of the Senator from Maine
will be entered as requested. The Chair hears no
objection; the Senator's vote will be recorded.
The Chair will take the occasion here to state that
an express rule of the Senate requires every mem-
ber in his seat to respond when his name is called.
The Chair has called the attention of Senators to
that rule, as we are frequently left without a quo-
rum. The Chair will leave it to Senators, and the
sense of every Senator, to act in compliance with
this rule or not.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
: the House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 423) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1863; and had agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill, with amend-
ments; in which it requests the concurrence of the
Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 423) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the Senate insist on its amendments dis-
agieed to by ihe House of Representatives, disagree to the
House amendments to its amendments, and ask for a con-
ference ou the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. Hale, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Powell were
appointed the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Brig-
adier General Joseph G. Totten; and it was signed
by the President pro tempore.
VOLUNTEER MEDICAL FORCE—VETO MESSAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate of the United Slates:
I herewith return to your honorable body, in which it
originated, an act (S. No. 343) entitled " An act to provide
for additional medical officers of the volunteer service,"
without my approval.
My reason for so doing is that I have approved an act of
the same title passed by Congress after the passage of the
one first mentioned, for the e.\pre;>s purpose of correcting
errois in, and superseding the same, as I am informed.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executivc Mansion, July 2, 1862.
ThePRESIDENTpro/emjJore. Thcquestion is,
"Shall the bill pass, the objections of the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding?" and upon
this question the yeas and nays must be taken.
Mr. KING. The messageatself states the rea-
son for the rejection by the veto of the bill, and
we may as well take the question at once. The
bill is superseded by a subsequent one which was
passed, and which corrects an error in the old bill.
That bill is therefore returned.
Mr. SAULSRURY I understand from the
message that a bill substantially the same has been
passed by Congress, and met the approval of the
President, and that he refuses his signature to this
bill simply for that reason. I do not know my-
self what the facts are, and I should like the Sen-
ator from New York, or some other gentleman, to
give me some information on the subject.
Mr. KING. The facts stated in the message
are correct.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 0, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biowning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, C'ollamer, Cowan, Davis, Di\on, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hams, Ilondeison, Howard,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
1'omeioy, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman, Simmons, Stark,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey,
Wilson of Mi&souii, and Wright—37.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 2, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the House, Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TIIANKS TO COMMODORE FOOTE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate und House of Representatives :
I mosii cordially recommend that Captain Andrew II.
Foote, of the United States Navy, receive a vote of thanks
of Congress for his eminent services in oiganizing the flo-
tilla on the western waters, and for his gallantry at Fort
Henry, Fort Donelson, Island No. 10, and at various other
places, while in command of the naval forces, embracing
a period of neuilyten months.
* ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., July 1,1862.
