1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
partment to the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and I would vote at any time for a bill
abolishing the whole Indian system, putting the
Indians on a footing- of citizens or subjects to our
Government, and not as foreign nations to be
treated with, in the mode and manner pointed out
by the Senator from Oregon. Bat until that re-
form is accomplished, and I haidly look for it, I
hope we shall confine appropriations simply to
existing laws and treaties, and go no further.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the Senator him-
self, probably, is a little responsible for these very
appropriations, or helped to create the necessity
for them. We organized a territorial government
for Nevada and appointed a Governor who is ex
cfficio superintendent of Indian affairs. I do not
know what ideas the Senator may haveabout hav-
ing an Indian agentor superintendent among wild
Indians and having nn interpreter. How is Gen-
eral Nye in Nevada to deal with these Indiansand
to talk with them, how is he to have a council with
them if there be no interpreter there? I do not know
whether or not the Senator voted for that bill, but
I think it very likely that he did-, and a very com-
petent man was sent there and made superintend-
ent of Indian affairs. He has not one dollar for
any purpose whatever. The Secretary of the In-
terior recommended, in order to create peaceable
relations between the government, which we have
established there and the Indians, an appropria-
tion of $60,000. Under the present condition of
affairs the committee did not feel inclined to vote
such a sum, but cut it down to $7,500, and of that
§500 is for an interpreter. If we herein Congress,
at the central Government, create territorial gov-
ernments and then refuse to carry them out, it
seems to me a very curious mode of procedure.
Tin- committee cut down this sum for Nevada.
Territory from $60,000, as estimated by the Sec-
retary of the interior, to $7,500, including inter-
preter and presents nnd everything else. So for
the Territory of Colorado the same reason and
necessity exist for these appropriations. The in-
terpreter it is true isa new officer, because we did
not have these relations; they were notestabiished
previous to the present session of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Ohio how he pioposes to hold
intercourse with these Indians. There are in Utah
and these new Territories large numbers of In-
dians who have perpetrated outrages upon our
people; and how does he propose, after appoint-
ing a superintendent there, to hold intercourse
with those Indians?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator.
We have aheadv provided in the principal bill,
teported from the Committee on Finance, an am-
ple fund for interpreteis. In every Indian tribe
with whom we have treaty stipulations, neat ly all
of them at least in California and Oregon, we have
blacksmiths, millers, and a great number of em-
ployes who might act as interpreters. I cannot
state how many interpreter we have, but I think
the appropriation is$24,000 for interpreters among
Indian tribes with whom we have no treaty lela-
tions. 1 think that is enough.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have not a treaty
with a single Indian tribe in New Mexico or
Utah.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated already that
there is $24,000 provided in this, lull for the com-
pensation of interpreters in that very region.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They are interpreters
for tribes with whom we have treaty relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order for one Senator to interrupt another who
has the floor without obtaining the assent of that
Senator, which question the Chair will always put
to him on the suggestion of that Senator. The
practice of interrupting Senators on the floor is
clearly and grossly out of order, and the Chair
will correct it so far forth as it may be necessary
to preserve the order of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator wished sim-
ply to inquire how the intercourse between white
men and Indians can be conducted. My answer
is, that m all Indian tribes with whom we have
treaty stipulations we have provided in this bill
for quite a number of persons who can be the
medium of communication; and in regard to the
other inbes of the mountains, with whom we have
no treaty stipulations, the wild tribes as they ate
called, then- is an ample fund provided for that
purpose. The ordinary communication between
these tribes and the settlers is at the time when
the annual presents are made, and usually inter-
preters and persons accustomed to the Indian lan-
guage and the Indian mode of life go with the
parties who con vey the goods. So, I think, there
will be no practical difficulty if we do not provide
fo r new interpreters.
The PPiESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole which have been read.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandlei,Collamer,Davis, Dixon, Doo-
Ilttle, Font, ILirldn, Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of ICan^a=, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
rruth, Pomeroy, Powell, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wriglit—26.
NAYS—MAnthony, Browning, Clark, JPessenden,
Foster, Grimes, King, Sherman, Willey, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—10.
So the amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to the appropri-
ation in relation to Utah. The committee rec-
ommended the sum of $15,000. Yesterday, the
matter being before the Senate, the sum was re-
duced, on motion, to $5,000. I think that was a
mistake on the part of the Senate. Last year, in
the Indian appropriation bill, for the Territory of
Utah, the sum of $45,000 was appropriated for
the same service. At that time a considerable
portion of the present Territory of Nevada was a
part of Utah; but the committee, so far from fa-
voring any extravagant appropriation, supposed
they were cutting it down to the very lowest point
in proposing $15,000 for this service in Utah.
Mr. GRIMES. For the purpose of negotia-
ting treaties?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; but for the purpose
of making presents to the Indians and keeping
them at peaee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin submit any motion?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE 1 should like to take the
sense of the Senate upon the question of allow-
ing to Utah $15,000, or at all events $10,000, in-
stead of $5,000. 1 move that the amendment pro-
viding for presents of goods and clothing to the
Indians in Utah be amended so as to make the
sum appropriated $10,000, instead of $5,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires to be advised of the position of the ques-
tion. Does the Senator's motion apply to any
portion of the amendments just concuried ill by
a vote of the Senate on the yeas and nays?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed the honorable
Senator from Ohio raised his objection especially
to the interpreteis that were provided for.
■Mr. SHERMAN. The whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A certain
number of amendments were read to the Senate,
the yeas and nays wete taken upon concurring in
them, and they were concurred in. If the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin applies to any
portion of those amendments, it is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have stated the facts to
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can only reach his object by moving to recon-
sider the vote COIICHIling in those amendments.
Aftei that vote shall have been reconsidered, the
amendmcnis will be open to modification.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it go for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment made as in Committee of the ^Vhole
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For the purpo-e of negotiating <i tt y with the Chippe-
wa* of northern Minnesota, and tlie extmguNhms ul" tlifir
title to the iatuh i ti thai vicinity, or so much thereof as may
by needed for that pin po^e, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Pecretaiy of the Interior, §15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to the ap-
propriations for negotiating new treaties. In re-
gard to this one, 1 have not been convinced by
the arguments of my friend from Minnesota that
it is at all necessary or advisable. I do not feel
disposed to detain'the Senate by aiguing it; I
simply ask for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said yesterday that a year
: or two ago we appropriated $10,000 for this pur-
I pose; the Senator from Minnesotasaid the amount
appropriated was $20,000. I thought then that I
was right; but as he was more familiar-with the
subject I deferred to his opinion. I'find, how-
ever, on reference to the law, that I was right; the
amount was $10,000. I simply desire to malce
the correction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike down
the approprialion to $10,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fi'om Maine
to the amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will not prevail. The Secretary
of the Interior recommended the sum of $20,000.
I will simply state that the place where this treaty
will be made is some four hundred miles from St.
Paul, and three hundred miles beyond any settle-
ments. Everything will have to bo carried there
to consummate this treaty; cattle will have to be
driven there; and it will cost more than this
amount, I believe, unless the most rigid economy
is used. There are about two thousand Indians,
and it is necessary to make presents of blankets
and other things to them in order to effect a treaty.
I do not believe it can be done for less than $15,000.
I will state to the Senate that in the Committee on
Indian Affairs, as the committee will bear me wit-
ness, I was in favor of reducing all these appro-
priations to what I believed to be the very lowest
figure that would do, and that the Indian depait-
ment could get along with. I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine will not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and baing taken,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Fesseriden, Toot, Foster, Grimes^ Howard, Morrill, Pom-
erov, Sheiman, Ten Eyck, and Wilson of Massachusetts
-14.
NAYS—-Messis Anthony. Davia, Dixon, Doolittle, Har-
lan, Harris, Kins, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, La-
tham. McDougall, Ne«mith, Saulsbuiy, Simmons, Sunnier,
Trumbull. Wade. Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of
Missouri, and W light—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to take up
time unnecessarily; and if it is in order, and t am
allowed to do so, 1 will withdraw the call lor the
yeas and nays,because, as theSenate has decided
by a majority vote that §15,000 is preferable to
410,000, of course it will keep in the appropriation.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the Senator may withdiaw his call
for the yeas and nays. No objection is made,
and the call is withdrawn.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to insert:
For defraying tlie expenses of negotiating a treaty vvltli
the ShoMiones or Snake Indian!., or so much thereof as
may be needed, to be expended nndei the direction ot the
Secretary of the Inteiior, §20,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reduce that to
§15,000. , .
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance on what basis he moves
to reduce the amount? Does he know how many
Indians there are, and the cost of taking beef and
other provisions to them to enable commissioners
to negotiate a treaty ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood from the
honorable Senator from Minnesota, in regard to
the other item, that they have got to travel about
four hundred miles in order to negotiate the treaty,
and to hold a session of some three or four days,
fu rnishing beef, &c. I do not undei stand thatthey
have to travel anything like that distance in this
ease in order to negotiate this treaty; and I can-
not comprehend, nor do I believe that these large
amounts of money are necessary to negotiate these
treaties. I, of course, have no facts to adduce in
relation to the matter, deiived from any public
records; but I am informed on authority upon
which 1 rely that a great portion of this money is
always wasted, expended very much to suit the
convenience of white persons rather than for the
Indians. I do not see, even supposing that there
is to be a travel of two or three hundred miles,
