1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
years. The vote upon this question of postpone-
ment will show who are itb friends and who are
its enemies m tins House. 1 move the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
draw his call for the previous question, to allow
me to make some remarks.
Mr. POTTER. I supposed the discussion upon
this question was pretty much exhausted. The
previous question applies merely to the question
of postponement. I am very sure the motion to
postpone will be voted down, and there will then
be an opportunity of discussing the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let me appeal
to the gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw his
call for the previous question. If he is sure the
motion to postpone will be voted down, I desire
him to allow a word to be said in favor of that
motion.
Mr. POTTER. I will withdraw the demand if
the gentleman from New York will renew it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Arnold] appealed to me, and it may per-
haps be injustice to him to require the previous
question to be moved at the close of the remarks
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I will give
the lloor to the gentleman from Illinois, to renew
the demand, after I have finished. I am only go-
ing to occupy the lloor for a moment, and I shall
therefore postpone but very briefly the right of any
other gentleman. I consider this bill, and the
amendment now ponding, of great importance in
the questions which they present. In the first
place, there is involved in the question now before
the House the interests and the i ights of the brave
men who, if they are not fighting the battles of
their country, are undergoing service more irk-
some than that; who have taken up arms for the
purpose of upholding the Government, and crush-
ing the rebellion to which the gentleman lasL up
has referred.
In the next place, this bill and this amendment
hinge upon the financial question by which, at this
moment, the Government is confronted, and which
1 believe to he, and I think the result will prove
to be, by far the overmastering and overtopping
question with which this Government has to con-
tend. Now, for one, I confess that I am not pre-
pared, and I venture to say, from conversation
with other gentlemen, that very many of the mem-
bers of this House aie not piepared, to vote as
between tin; amendment which is now proposed
and the section which it is intended to supersede.
Thegentlemanfrom Wisconsin speaksofa change
which has taken place in the views of members
with regard to this bill. I may be permitted to
say thatneitherthcgentleman from Wisconsin nor
any other gentleman is more earnestly m favor of
the homestead policy than myself. I will go
with him, and go to the furthest point in sustain-
ing that policy. But, sir, the ciicumstances in
which we ure placed aie vastly changed—changed
more than the sentiments, I ventiue to say, of
any gentleman have changed with regard to this
subject. And I think it will require an argument
dexterous and strong to convince this House or
the country that the way to improve our credit is
to give away our property. I believe, sir, that
land is the basis of credit, and I believe, as was
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] that at a period later than this we can
judge better than we can judge now what it is
prudent to do, if anything, in regard to the public
land.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman allow me
for a moment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Yes, sir, with
great pleasure.
Mr. POTTER. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from N( w York whether, as he says that
land is the basis of credit, he has not heard of
persons who owned large tracts of wild land im-
proving their credit by improving their land?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not^ say
that in all cases it was the basis of credit. There
are exceptions to all rules. I reaffirm the propo-
sition as 1 understand it, that property—landed
property—is the basis of credit.
Mr. POTTER. If it is improved.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The more im-
proved the better it is, no doubt. Now, I say that
I do not believe that this Iiouse is piepaied this
morning—I do not believe that this House will |
be soon prepared, certainly not until we hear in
various respects from the Committee of Ways and
Means—to judge as wisely as we can at a subse-
quent time with regard to the merits of this bill
and this particular amendment, and therefore I
rise to say that I hope, for one, that this motion
to postpone will prevail. If the day which has
been fixed is a day too distant, no doubt the gen-
tleman from Vermont will accept any suggestion
on the subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I concur in the re-
mark of thu gentleman from New York, that land
is generally the basis of public credit—to a large
extent the basis of public credit; but I submit to
him this question: if, in private affairs, one who
has executed a mortgage to his creditor proposes
to add large improvements to the land and increase
its value largely, does he not make the security
much better?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, sir, that
gives rise to very nice questions of betterment, with
which 1 have no doubt the gentleman from Ohio
is familiar. I refer him to Fearn on Contingent
Remainders, and to Shelley's case, or anything
else; to throw light on a question of that sort.
With me this is a practical question. Ihavebeen
up longer than 1 intended. I rose for the purpose
of confessing my own ignorance at this time with
regard to the best course to be pursued, although
I am a friend of the homestead policy, and al-
though the constituency which I represent is very
largely in favor of that policy, and although at a
proper time and in a proper way 1 am prepared to
go to the very verge of expediency on this subject.
I should be glad of an opportunity to understand
better myself my own views as applicable to this
particular period, and to hoar the views of other
gentlemen; and without pleading guilty at all to the
charge made by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Potter,] that favoring this motion suggests
the idea of a change of sentiment in regard to this
subject, I suggest to lnm and submit to the House
thai it would be a great deal better, unless there is
some pressing exigency showing the need of haste,
which nobody has suggested, that we should post-
pone this subject, and consider it, not only deliber-
ately, but to consider it in the light of a financial
measure which the Committee of Ways and Means
will hereafter present to the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will cither renew the de-
mand for the pievious question, or take such di-
rections as the gentleman from Wisconsin may
indicate, as he was kind enough to yield me the
floor.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor for a moment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With pleasure.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a single suggestion in regard to the matter now be-
fore the House. It is said that we have one hundred
and thirty million acres of public land which is sur-
veyed. The disposition which is to be made of
those public lands—whether they shall remain as
they now are, entirely unproductive, or whether
the policy of the Government shall be such as to
spread over them laborers, by which the wealth
which exists there, and which needs but the hand
of industry to bring it forth—is a question for this
House to determine. I therefore urge the eaily
passage of the homestead bill as a matter of im-
portance in promoting the public credit, and pro-
viding the means of meeting the extraordinary
expenses which the piesent condition of the coun-
try will demand The public domain has nevei
born the source of any very large amount of rev-
enue to the Treasury. 1 believe that it never will,
so longas it remains unoccupied and uncultivated,
be the source of any very large amount of public
revenue.
In my judgment, the best mode of making them
productive, and to add to the security which the
country can afford to those who loan her money
at the present time, will he to invite settlement at
as early a day as practicable. This is the ques-
tion. Here arc one hundred and thirty million
acres of public land. If they remain in their pres-
ent condition they will neither add to the wealth
j nor the prosperity of the country, nor will they
j! add to the revenue of the country. Rut there are
those ready to go upon these public lands, there
1j are the immigrants from the old world ready, so
i soon as you pass this homestead bill, to go upon
ij these wild lands, and to convert them into pro-
ductive farms, by which the aggregate wealth of
the country will be largely increased. If this bill
should passat an early day, and the settlement of
these lands should follow, as we expect it will,
instead of these lands being unproductive, you will
have them rapidly increasing the public wealth,
and extending the means for direct and for indirect
taxation. The great source of the wealth of the
public lands is not the price which is paid to the
Government for them. It never has been that con-
sideration which has given to them their value.
Let the liberal policy of the homestead bill be
adopted, invite immigration and settlement, and
at an early day you will see, west of the present
line of settlement, new States and cities and towns
rising as rapidly as they have donein.the western
portion of this country heretofore. I submit to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
whether in this way we will not more readily add
to the public credit, and the means of raising pub-
lic revenue, than by postponing the settlement of
these lands to a distant day. I therefore hope that
this bill will not be postponed, but that it will re-
ceive the early and prompt action of this House;
believing by that action we will best promote the
public credit, and prepare the sources of revenue
which the public exigencies require.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Potter] concluded with the remark
that this vote would show who were the true
friends of the homestead bill. I do not agree with
him in that remark, for I shall vote for the post-
ponement, and I am fully committed to the home-
stead policy in heart and mind. I am pledged to
support it,"and every constituent I have who has
ever heard me on the stump, or discussed the ques-
tion of a land policy in private with me, knows it;
but I am not prepared, in the face of endangered
public credit and in the peculiar exigencies of the
country, to hurry through a bill with unbecoming
haste, appropriating our immense public domain.
The great question of the day, as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] has
said, is the financial question. Impair the public
credit, and you impair the energy of your Army
and your Navy. Why, says one of the gentle-
men, we have put this policy in our platform, and
have pledged ourselves to the people over and
over again to give them the measure. Sir, I tell
you one thing we did not put in our platform, and
that was the speedy suppression of this rebellion.
We did not put it in because we did not dream
that the rebellion would occur; and in the fact that
we need all the resources of the country to crush
that rebellion, we have a sufficient excuse to pre-
sent to the patriotic people of the country for post-
poning a measure that may—I say that may—
affect the public credit. Some gentlemen may
doubt whether it will; but if it be possible that it
may affect it, our duty is to pause.
There is another reason, connected with the
exigencies of the country, why I am opposed to
the speedy passage of this bill. Pennsylvania
has one hundred thousand of her hardy men in
the field, and I want this law to go into effect
when they shall jDave an equal chance with the
drones at home to select homesteads for them-
selves and their children. The answer to that
may be, " well, this war is not going to last for-
ever, but there will be time enough hereafter."
Mr. POTTER. I wish to say to my friend
that the Committee on Public Lands—most cer-
tainly its chairman—have no objection that Penn-
sylvania shall have a fair chance.
Mr. KELLEY. I am willing to say that every
man who has gone into the field, whether from
Pennsylvania or elsewhere, should have an equal
chance; but I do not see, while the chief business
of the Army seems to be to construct sheds for
winter quarters, that they have any promise of
even a remote chance of selection when they shall
have served their term of service and closed the
war. If we could have an order, m the spirit of
a letter, a copy of which I hold in my hand, we
might pass this bill, in order that our Army might
next spring select their homes. But we are wait-
ing to get six hundred thousand men in order to
fight. I ask that the House will hear the letter,
to show what used to be military communica-
tions; and if they will guaranty that I shall hear
an order to our Army in the spirit of that letter,
I am ready to pass the homestead bill, even though
it might slightly affect the public credit.
" What! Six hours after receiving tiie fii>t troops from
