3080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that that mes-
S3g6 be referred to the Committee on Jtfaval Af-
fairs, with leave to report at any time, and that it
be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
" soldiers' bounty blanks.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in regard to blanks for the procurement of
soldiers' bounty, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
military reserve at fort leavenworth.
Mr. WASHBUllNE. Mr. Speaker, the Sec-
retary of War hrts sent to me a communication,
flaking that nil investigation may be made in re-
gard to the issue of more patents for the military
reserve at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He sent it
to me as the chairman of the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts, in order that that committee
might investigate the subject; but we have no au-
thority to investigate it without the order of the
House. 1 ask, therefore, the unanimous consent
of the House lo introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Rcsolveity That the committee on Government contract*
be directed to make full iuvestientlouintp the alleged issue
of patents for land Included within the military reseive at
Fort Leavenworth, and all the circumstances connected
therewith} and also in rotation to tho present J itu:uion of
the reserve at Fort Snelling, and report to this llou.se.
Mr, R03C0E CONKLING. I call for the
regular order of business.
'The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman object
to the resolution ?
Mr. ROSCOE GONICLING, I do.
WASHINGTON PASdlSNOlCU KAILWAY.
Mr. FESSEN"DEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution*, which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee tor the District of Colum-
bia he directed to Inquire what legislation, if any, is neces-
sary to protect the hituiest of the United States m the use
of the fetreet railroad* In the cities of Washington and
Cteoigetown authovlzed by aet of Congress of I7tii of May,
J86S) and whether the Washington and Georgetown llail-
fdad Company nrc *o e<m*ti noting the track of said load as
to admit the running of ordinary (rrtght ours over the same
rdads connecting therewith; and that said committee re-
port ly bill or otherwise.
PITTSBURG AND COSNIiLLBVIIiLB UAIUtOAD.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads* and Canals, reported a
bill to aid in the completion of the Pittsburg and
Conneljsvillo railroad; which was read a first and
second lime, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on tlie State of the Union, and, With the
accompanying report, ordered to be primed.
UNITED STATION COURTS FOR Wtf.HT TENNIiSdlCE.
Mr. MAYNARD, hy unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to change the place of holding the
circuit and distiict courts of the United States in
the district of WestTonnesaec; which was read a
firstandsecond time,and referred to the Commit-
tee on tho Judiciary.
military occupation of whitis house.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, imioduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resoh'fJf That tb« yecietair rtf War bo dueetrd to com-
municate to the House any communication or explanation
received by the Government fiom Majoi General George B.
MeClellau on the subject of tiic occupation by the tioops.
Qnder hh> command of the White House, Virginia.
navy appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the consideration of the amendments of tho
Senate to House bill No. 423, making appropri-
ations for the naval service far the year ending
tho 30ih of June, 1863; on which the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Edwards] was en-
titled to the floor.
akmy appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, i ask the gentleman to yield
to me that I may move to take up ihe-timend-
rnents of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill, which have conic from the Senate since yes-
terday,and which 31 inessential the House should
consider at once. Tim Committee of Ways and
Meansrin advance of their being sent in here,
considered the amendments and are ready to make
their report. It is deemed necessary that they
should pass immediately, unless there is some
serious objection, in order to facilitate the raising
of more troops, now deemed necessary because of
the condition of our army of the Potomac. The
Committee of Ways and Means have carefully
considered the amendments, and recommend a
concurrence in them all.
There being no objection, the amendments were
taken up and severally concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. N*o. 423) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1863, the following; amendment, offered by Mr.
Rollins, of New Hampshire, being under con-
sideration:
Add to tho twenty-second amendment of tlie Senate,
auihoiizing the puich;u>c of Seavey's itdand, the following:
JJtul jnovided further, Tlmt if a cntusfactoiy titiv to tho
whole ot said island cannot be secured for the said sum of
$63,000 within three months ftom the passage of this act,
then the Secretary of the Navy may proceed to purchase
such parts of said island as. can he purchased for fair pro-
portional parts of said hum.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have never known before
this morning the full value of having the floor,
which has now given me the privilege of obliging
so many of my friends. It is, however, my pur-
pose to occupy it but a brief time, and if tho House
hud been full, perhaps I might not have felt justi-
fied in being so accommodating, as I could have
disposed of what participation 1 was entitled to in
this matter in a very few moments.
If one had listened to the debates yesterday as
an auditor I think lie would have come to the con-
clusion that it is expected here thatevcry member
of Lhe House will support all measures which are
calculated to promote the local interests of the con-
stituency he may represent, and from the motives
imputed, to oppose all measures which are calcu-
lated especially to benefit anybody else. But, sir,
I have not learned legislation in that school, and
let me say here that the State which we of New
Hampshire represent here in this branch of Con-
gress do not desire that the House shall concur
in tho amendments of the Senate upon any con-
siderations of extending a benefit to our State.
And I trust that the gentlemen from Maine, who
are quite as much interested in this matter,do not
ask or expect any favor upon that ground.
Sir, if this yard is not of national interest, if the
proposed addition to its accommodations is not
called foi by requirements of the naval service of
the Government, we have no desire that the amend-
ment should be adopted. In relation to the bill
as it passed the House,for the purchase of twenty-
seven acres of land, it has been demonstrated to
the House, not only at this session, but hereto-
fore, that this quantity of land was required for
the service at that point, and the House has given
its sanction to that view of the matter.
Then the only question before the House now
is whether they will extend that purchase to the
entire island that they may have its control both
now and hereafter for purposes connected with
the navy-yard at that point. Now, sir, itis well
known to the country that that harbor is one of
the most importance to the country, and that for
safety of position, capaciousness, and depth of
water, it is inferior to no naval station upon the
Atlantic coast, and if looking to the future, it shall
be considered a wise policy to secure at this time
the additional advantages of this entire tract of
land, I trust the House will give to this amend-
ment their support.
In relation to this matter, the only evidence I
have is the evidence before the House, and that
is the recommendations before it, and represent-
ations of gentlemen better acquainted with that
locality than myself; and if these shall be satis-
factory, undoubtedly the House will agree to the
amendment.
But without pursuing this matter further than
to express these general views in relation to it,
and to say that wc do not stand here as suppliants
in behalf of the State, that we do not ask this,
that we would not ask anything for the State ex-
cept what shall at the same time be believed to be
conducive to the general interest, and that we do
not expect that we can compel anything for the
interest of the State by any strength we have, or
by any associations or combinations we could
make. We are content, therefore, that the meas-
ure should be dccidod upon its merits, as every
other measure should be that is brought before us.
With these remarks 1 pass the subject overto my
colleague, who offered this pending amendment to
the Senate's amendment, and who will dispose of
it as he thinks proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With respect to the
amendment proposed by the gen tleman from New
Hampshire, it must be perfectly obvious, after the
remarks which were made by the chairman of the
Naval Committee, that the amendment should
pass. The honorable gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] said that no reason had been
given, as he could perceive, why the amendment
should prevail. 1 ask if a letter was not read rec-
ommending the purchase of this land , and pre-
senting the most important considerations in ref-
erence to it—reasons such as should induce this
House to vote for the appropriation.
But, sir, I rise to say particularly that I very
much regret the course which the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Washburne] took in
opposition to this amendment. I wish to ask if
this is the way in which he requites his friends?
Why, sir, was it for the reason that he could not
carry his point here in regard to a movement
which he made a few days since, and which was
so ably argued on this floor, that he opposed this
bill?- I regret that he did not make some discrimi-
nation; I regret that he should have classed us all
among those who were opposed to that very im-
portant measure.
Whv, sir, if the statcmentof thegentleman from
New York, [Mr. Olin,] a few days since, was cor-
rect, there is not a fortification upon the whole
coast of Maine that is of any account whatever
as against armored ships. If that be true, the
whole sea-board is at this moment undefended it
there should be an attack from any foreign Power.
What are we to do upon that sea-coast? We are
at the mercy of our enemies, and still gentlemen
from the East came forward and suppoited the
very large appropriation to accomplish the object
which the gentleman from Illinois proposed, and
of which the gentleman from New York was in
favor. I repeat, we are to know upon this floor,
as has been well said, no North, no South, no
East, no West; we are to know the whole country
in all the votes which are cast here: and, sir, I sup-
ported that measure bccause I felt it to bean im-
portant measure; and because I feel this to be a
very important measure, so far as relates to our
sea-board, I urge gentlemen to give it their sup-
pott, and let the amendment prevail.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. Yester-
day, after consultation with the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and also with mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
proposed the pending amendment to the Senate
amendment. 1 supposed the amendment would
meet the approbation of every member of the
House, and now think there are very few, indeed,
who would object if the proposition was allowed
to stand upon us own merits. I see, however, that
this amendment is likely to array against us, in,
perhaps, a hostile attitude, under the leadership
of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne]—
who, I think, by the way, has manifested too much
excitement on this matter—the Representatives, to
some extent, of the greatNorthwcst. I therefore,
if I may be allowed the privilege, withdraw the
amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
upon the Senate amendments.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask, for in-
formation, what kind of land it is which is pro-
posed to be purchased at the price of $>500 an acre?
Is it not composed of rock and sand exclusively?
Mr. STEVENS. In order to answer the ques-
tion, I withdraw the demand for the previous
question. I do not know what the quality of the
soil is. We intend to purchase it for naval pur-
poses alone.
Mr. MALLORY. My object is to get at the
value of the land for farming purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that any
lands in that neighborhood are good for farming
