138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Spain you are not in the field! Six hours of rest is quite
enough for them. 1 conquered at Nangis with the brigade
of dragoons coming from Spain, who fiom Bayonne had
not drawn rein. Do you say that the six battalions from
Nimes want clothes and equipage, and are uninstructed ?
Augereaujwhdt miserable excuses I I have destroyed eighty
thousand enemies with battalions of conscripts, scarcely
clothed, and withoutcaitridge-boxes. The National Guards
are prtilui! I have here four thousand from Angers and
Bretagne in round hats, without cartridge-boxes, but with
good weapons; and I have made them tell. There is no
money, do you say ? But where do you expect to get money,
but from the pockets of the enemy? You have no teams?
Sei^e them. You have no magazine? Tut, tut! this is
too ridiculous! I order you to put yourself in the field
twelve hours after you receive this letter. If you are still
the Augereau ofCastiglione, keepyour command. Xfyour
sixty years are too much lor you, relinquish it to the oidest
of your general officers. The country is menaced and m
danger. It can only he saved by daring and alacrity, and
not by vaui delays. You must have a nucleus of six"thou-
sand picked troops? I have not so many, yet T have de-
stroyed three utmies, captured forty thousand prisoners,
taken two hnndied pieces of aitillery, and thrice saved the
capital. The enemy are in full flight uponTroyes? Be
belorethem. Act no longer as of late. Resume the method
and spirit of'93. When Frenchmen see your piume waving
in the van, and you, first of all, exposed to the enemy's lire,
you will do with them whatever you will."
Napoleon did not believe in carrying on war
upon peace principles.
Mr. W ASHBURNE. In connection with what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
has just read from the great Napoleon, I desire to
read an extract from the observations of Thomas
Babington Macaulay on Hallam's Constitutional
History:
" If there be any truth established by the universal ex-
perience of nations, it is this; that to cany the spirit of
■peace into war (civil) is a u ea/c and cruel poIic\\" * '*
* * " Languid war can do nothing which negotiation
or submission cannot do better; and to act on any other
piinciple is not to save money, but to squander it."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know what Napoleon or
Macaulay have to do with the public lands of the
United States, or with the pending bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chairdoesnot perceive
what they have to do with it, and he sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will therefore confine his remarks to the
question of postponement.
Mr. KELLER. There is another point which
it is in order to discuss. I refer to the financial
question. The suggestion is made that the way
to make these lands most available to the country
is to give them away. Not yet, sir. The coun-
try is in a flurry at this time as to a foreign war.
Upon that subject my soul is tranquil. There
will be no foreign war. Bread is high, employ-
ment is scarce, wages are low in Europe, and
there will be a tide of mfen flowing into our coun-
try that will give value to these lands. Let the
people of Europe see that the patriotic power of
the country is being applied to crushing out the
rebellion; let them sec that the patriotic people of
the country are carrying on the ordinary pursuits
of life notwithstanding the abstraction of half a
million of men from their number; let them see
that the glorious deeds of our Navy are followed
up by prompt and well-directed blows from the
Army; and there will come from Britain and from
Europe a flow of men that will give to the
Northwest population and to the country revenue
from its lands.
But whether that be so or not, I ask that this
measure be postponed; that its passage may be
the result of deliberation when the present flurry
—for I will not call it a crisis—in our foreign rela-
tions shall have passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not design to de-
tain the House. The remarks I have to make are
very brief. It is exceedingly difficult for me to
resist any appeal in behalf of our noble Army.
This bill proposes to confer what is supposed to
be a bounty and an advantage to them. I doubt,
Mr. Speaker, whethent is wise for us to pass this
bill at all. It is by our credit alone that we are
enabled to sustain the expense of the mighty strug-
gle in which we are engaged. It seems to me,
therefore, the plain part of wisdom to take care of
all those means by which our credit is maintained
and supported in the world—and through all the
world a landed security is considered the best for
ix debt. Whether we have pledged it or not, it
is a part of our property. It is our good fortune
to hold a very great amount of tillable land, in a
country flourishing above all others. Itis of value,
and of great value; and although not expressly,
it stands impliedly pledged for all the obligations
we enter into with the world for a loan of money.
It is one of the great elements of ourcountry; and
I submit it to all gentlemen in this House whether
we ought not to take care of it. It is, perhaps,
more in the imagination of the world than in the
reality of things that it is considered such good
security. It sustains that credit by which we
maintain our armies. Is it not better for the sol-
dier that we sustain that credit which enables us
to supply him with comfoi'ts in the field, though
he have but a barren hope of having the privilege
of selecting a homestead hereafter, than that our
credit should be destroyed, and he deprived of all
comforts now ? If we lose our credit he will lose
his pay. If we lose our credit, or have itseriously
impaired, he cannot expcct many of those accom-
j modations with which we are now furnishing him.
■ Our credit is his means of subsistence. Let us
| turn our attention, therefore, to our immediate
| necessities and our immediate wants.
i It is not the soldier only who is suffering depri-
j vation. The whole country is subject to priva-
i tions, and they are suffering, but as willingly as
: the soldier in the field. All the resources that will
enable us to relieve and diminish in the slightest
degree the general burden of taxation should be
applied to the relief of the whole country. It is
best for the soldier, it is best for the farmer, it is
best for the whole country that we should avail our-
selves of every element which sustains our credit.
I think it is wiser, gentlemen, that we should
suspend, for a little while at least, until the whole
country shall be relieved, the measure which you
now desire to carry into execution. It would be
an ill-timed measure. You would be acting gen-
erously when it is as much as you can do to act
justly by the preservation of all your means. Be
just before you are generous. Pay your debts
before you give. Be just before you essay to be
bounteous. These arc plain maxims to regulate
the conduct of nations as well as individuals. I
hope that however desirous and anxious gentle-
men maybe for the passage of this bill, and how-
ever much in favor of the homestead policy,
which, according to their liberal and generous
theory, is to put the whole country under culti-
vation, they will consent to postpone that policy
now, when we have such pressing necessities,
while war is upon us, and such a war as that m
which we are now engaged, and while such perils
threaten us. You are making loans and imposing
taxes to an amount heretofore almost unparalleled
and unknown in any country, much less in our
own. This is not a time for us to be lavish or
prodigal. This is not a time for us to press those
general measures of policy which in time of peace
might be wise and proper. We are now engaged
in a war, the greatest war that the world ever
saw. It is better for these very men whom you
desire to benefit that you should reserve these
lands and apply every dollar they can yield, and
make them yield as many dollars as you can, for
the benefit of your Army. They will be more
benefited by that than by any such measure as
this.
I did not intend, Mr. Speaker, to have said thus
much. I think thisasubjectofgreatconsequence.
It concerns our credit; it concerns our means,
when we have use for all our means and as much
more as we can borrow. I want to see this great
war successful. The fall of the Roman empire
was as nothing to the civilization of the world
in comparison to the preservation of this great
Union. Men never were intrusted with such an
issue as we arc. Let us show ourselves cautious
and watchful in respect to all that can strengthen
the national arm. It is not to benefit the man
who wants a homestead, however much he may
deserve it. You have another object before you
of infinitely more importance—the salvation of
the whole country; and when that is saved it
will be time enough to begin to think about these
little policies; for all other policies are small, all
other policies are insignificant in comparison
with the rescue of our country from the penis
which now surround it on every side. Devote
every energy to that work. Abandon every feel-
ing and every policy but that which is to con-
tribute to the strength and maintenance of this
war. ^Make sure your country; make sure its
salvation; make sure you give us and all our
posterity a homestead before you talk about the
smaller poncy of giving homesteads to actual set-
tlers. Your homestead is in question this day;
mine; the national homestead, the national exist-
ence ! Lend ail your thoughts and all your ener-
gies to it, and throw aside as alien everything
else. This is my policy; this is the policy that I
recommend. It is by this policy that we shall
succeed, and no other—by bending upon this one
object all our resolution, straining our minds, our
hearts, our arms in this cause. It requires all
your manhood, all your firmness, all your means.
1 submit, then, whether we had not better take
a little more time to think of this measure. I am
not only for its postponement until the day indi-
cated by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] but for its postponement until a time beyond
■ this session. I want to see what will be the ut-
I most demand upon our means, as well as upon our
! strength and manhood, before I act upon it.
j Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that it will be un-
! derstood that the postponement of this bill is its
i final defeat. [Cries of " No," " No."] I have no
doubt that that is the purpose of the motion, but
it is a little more courteous to kill it indirectly than
to vote it down dircctly.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say only a very
few words in regard to the question of income and
taxable property. We passed yesterday or the
day before a bill which 1 think it was the'con-
viction of this House, on the whole, was not ne-
cessary, involving a larger amount of money than
we can get from land sales during this entire war,
a sum equal to about thirty million dollais. And
if the war is protracted to the longest period con-
templated by any one, we do not expect to get
that amount of money from the sales of public
lands.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us allow the actual set-
tlers to go on to these lands as a basis of credit,
and cultivate them and pay a direct tax, for every
one knows that cultivated real estate is a better
basis of credit than uncultivated, and we shall de-
rive more by that means than we can hope for as
income from the sale of the lands if this bill is
voted down. 1 wish to press this point, that its
prospective source of income is not as extensive
and is not as reliable as a basis of credit as these
lands cultivated would be, and which would be
cultivated in consequence of the passage of this
; bill. That is my honest conviction.
| I will not enter into the discussion of the gen-
j eral question. I simply wished to presentthis one
point, in answer to the gentleman from Kentucky,
that if this bill is passed, and the settlement of
these lands encouraged, these settled lands will
then become a better basis of creditthan anything
which we can hope from their sale, especially
during the war, for it will amount to absolutely
nothing. The sales will all be suspended.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if I agreed with
the venerable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] in his conclusion, 1 should vote for
the postponementof this bill; but,sir, while f am
disposed to regard every utterance which fulls
from that gentleman with due consideration, I am
constrained to differ from him in his conclusion.
That conclusion seemed to be, Mr. Speaker, that
the effect of the passage of a homestead biil would
be to transfer, beyond any demand of the Govern-
ment for the payment of debts, that property
which in the hands of the Government may be
held as a basis of credit, and as security for the
discharge of such debts as may already have been
contracted to those who relied for their security
upon it, together with other sources of credit m
the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I hold that whatever transfer the
Government of the United States may make of its
lands to private citizens, either by the operation
of a homestead bill or by the operation of sale m
open market and transfer by deed of grant upon
valuable consideration paid in money, the Gov-
ernment does not thereby dispossess itself of the
lands as a basis of public security and public
credit. The Governmentincreases,by the transfer
of the lands to citizens for cultivation and occupa-
tion, the value of the lands, and thereby increases
the basis of the public credit. Why? Becuusc
the citizen holdsall lnslands in trustforthe public
credit; and in his hands it is a trust that may be
reached directly by the legislative power of the
Government for the purpose of paying the debts
of the United States for the purpose of carrying
on a war in defense of the Government of the
United States either against domestic violence or
against foreign invasion. Holding this view of
