1862.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
I do not feel myself compelled to vote for the
appropriation as it was agreed to in Committee of
the Whole yesterday, and I am inclined to vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
It may all be bccausc I know nothing about it,
and am not sufficiently well informed; but I know
enough of human nature, and I know enough of
the transactions that have heretofore taken place
with the Indian tribes in relation to these treaties,
to know that vast sums of money have been stolen,
vast sums of money have been squandered, vast
sums of money have been wasted; and without
undertaking to say that such will be the case with
respect to this proposed treaty with these nose-
picrced Indians of Oregon, experience has taught
us that we should be a little careful upon this sub-
ject. I should be exceedingly loth indeed that
there should be a vote so close that my vote should
defeat the proposition, and that a leniblu Indian
war should grow out of it, and millions of money
arise as a war debt for Congress hereafter to make
provision for. Yet still I am a little afraid, from
what I have heard recently here, that the Indians
get to understand this matter. One tribe, finding
out that certain sums of money arc appropriated
to induce others to keep the peace, get a little rest-
less. The consequence may be that tribes who
are disposed to be quiet, and to be as " aisey," as
the Irishman said, as they can be under ordinary
circumstances, finding that money is paid to keep
the peace, may be induced to be a little restless, a
little warlike, and a little belligerent, for the sake
of getting up a cloud of war in the distance, and
getting an appropriation out of the Treasury—a
process which is always aided and carried on by
cunning,crafty, and designing men, who desire to
have the disbursement of these funds in their own
hands, and who, I apprehend, never lose anything
in the performance of their agencies.
Mr. HARLAN. I opposed the adoption of this
amendment in the committee until I became thor-
oughly convinced that a treaty with these people
was necessary, and that it could not be had for a
less sum of money than is proposed. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] may not
have noticed the explanation given yesterday in
Committee of the Whole. This reservation is
now being occupied by gold hunters. It is said
to be a very valuable gold region. The people are
going into it by the thousand. They are that class
of men who will not permit the Indians to remain
in their way. The Indians will be driven off,
whether we agree to it or not. In driving these
Indians out by the miners for the purpose of en-
abling them to take possession of this gold region,
a war would necessarily spring up of greater or
less dimensions, and which would, as the com-
mittee believe, cost the Government m its sup-
pression far more than the amount of money
which they propose to appropriate.
If the Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, [Mr. Fessenden,] desires
to save money, I would suggest to him that when
the tax bill is under consideration, he tax the
miners. If fifty thousand men go into these gold
regions, and he tax them ten dollars a piece, he
will secure half a million of money, and in this
way secure an amount far beyond what would be
necessary, as the Committee on Indian Affairs
suppose, to buy these Indians out and remove
them to other lands where gold may not exist, and
from which the emigrants will not drive them.
I regretted very much the conclusion that the
committee was compelled to come to. I stood out
for some days, and required such an examination
and the adducement of such facts as convinced me
thoroughly that this treaty ought to be made; that
humanity required it; that the interests of the
Tieasury required it; and if the treaty is to be
made, I do not believe that the ends contemplated
can be secured with a less sum of money than that
proposed. It may be that if other Senators had
composed this committee, they might have come
to a different conclusion. If the Committee on
Finance had had this subject referred to them,
they possibly might have come to a different con-
elusion, but I do not think tliey would. If the
same facts that were adduced before the Commit-
tee Oil Indicui Affairs had been presented to the
Committee on Finance, I believe they would have
come to the same conclusion at which the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs arrived. We know w.iat
has been the insult heretofore of refusing to make
treaties with Indians bordering on our settlements
on the Pacific coast. "VVe have been compelled in
the end to pay millions of money as the expenses
of Indian wars. This is comparatively a trivial
sum, and if the Committee on Finance choose,
they can reimburse the Treasury by a small tax
levied on the miners far beyond the amount that
we propose to pay.
Mr. NESMITH. The contingency which the
Senator from New Jersey fears, that of war, is
very likely to ensue, and indeed is certain to en-
sue, as I stated yesterday. I occupied the time of
the Senate yesterday a good deal upon this sub-
ject, and I do not desire to repeat what 1 said then;
'but as the Senator from New Jersey was not pres-
ent, I will state these facts for his benefit 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I shall be very happy to
hear the statement over again, for I always listen
with the greatest pleasure to the Senator from
Oregon, but I heard every word he said yesterday
and was present during the whole of his remarks.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 will only state, then, that
the United States by their treaty stipulation with
these people have agreed to keep the whites off
their reservation and to secure the Indian in its
possession. They have failed to do that, and the
Government is incapable of doing it. We may
say what we please about the morality of the
thing, but our people are there notwithstanding
the Government has guarantied that they should
not go there. Now, the object is to make this
purchase and get the Indians away, and preserve
the peace of the country in that way. I do not
suppose that it is the intention of the Government
to abandon the people to their fate, either whites
or Indians. The circumstances are such that a
war is inevitable; it is just as much bound to foi
low as the night is to follow the day, if the pres-
ent proximity of the whites and Indians lasts. A
combination of circumstances exists theiesuch as
never existed anywheie else without bringing on
wai, and when it does bring on a war it will be
a very bloody one, it will be an exterminating war.
Mr. GRIMES. How many Indians are there?
Mr. NESMITH. About six thousand. They
are a brave, athletic, well armed people, and have
plenty of horses. They are able to go to war,
and they are willing to go to war, though they
never yet have gone to war witli the whites. At
the last accounts 1 have from there, they were
threatening the gold diggers that they must leave
or they would make attacks upon them. My ob-
ject and desire in getting this appropriation is to
prevent a catastrophe of that kind. Much of the
information that was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs in relation to this matter came from
myself, but it was supported by the Commis-
sions of Indian Affairs and the reports of officers
on the ground. I have no desire to conceal any-
thing. I regret that I stand alone here without
support, my colleague not being present, and there
being nobody here to present the matter in a bet-
ter light than I am able to do. I feel extremely
solicitous about this appropriation, and I trust it
will not bo cut down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, resulted—yeas
13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Fessenden, Fostei, Grimes., Howe, King, Morrill,
Shf'iman, and Ten Eyck—13.
N VYS Messrs. Collamer, Doolittle, Foot, Harlan, Har-
ris. Howard, Lane ol Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
McDoucall, Nesniitll, Powell, Saulsbury, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilinot, Wikon ol Mas-
sachusetts, Wilson ofMissouii, and Wright—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no goods
shall he puiehased bvtheindian <u>paitment. or its agents,
for any tribe, except up<>  thc written requisition of thesu-
i peimtendenr m cnaigo of the tribe, and only upon public
bids m the mode prescribed by law tor the purchase of other
supplies.
Thc amendment was concurred in.
The next was to insert as an additional section:
Sit- — he it further enacted, That under any of the
apnionrutious contained in this act foi the pufyosc of nogo-
ti.iuii" treatu'-, thet*' «~i all be no new engagements entered
:■ ntnn, lav moluL to any Indian tribes and that all pay-
i lo |",o made under Mich treaties shall be made m spe-
cific aiuefe*-, doihing, ami agricuituial implements.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next was to insert as a new section:
Sec. — And be it further cnadci, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and "he is hereby, directed to cause"settle-
ments to be made with all persons appointed by Indian coun-
cils to receive moneys due to incompetent or orphan In-
dians, and to require all moneys found to be due to said
incompetent or orphan Indians to be returned to the Treas-
ury of the United States, atul ail moneys so returned shall
bear an interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum',
until paid by order of the Secretary of the Interior to those
entitled to the same. And no moneys shall hereafter be
paid to any person or persons appointed by any Indian
council to leeeive moneys due to incompetent or orphan
Indians; but the same shall remain in the Treasury of the
United States until ordered to be paid by the said Secretary
to those entitled to receive the same, and shall bear six per
cent, interest until so paid.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next was to strike out the last proviso of
the bill in these words:
Provided, That all appropriations heretofore or hereafter
made to carry into effect treaty stipulations or otherwise in
behalf of any tribe or tribes of Indians, all or any portion
of whom shall be in a state of actual hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, including the Uherokees,
Creeks, Choetaws, Ohiekasaws, Setninoies, Wichitas, ana
other affiliated tribes, may and shall be suspended and post-
poned wholly or in part at and during the discretion and
pleasure of the President.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That all appropriations heretofore or hereafter
made 10 carry into effect treaty stipulations or otherwise
in behalf of any tribe or tribes of Indians, all or any portion
of whom shall be in a state of actual hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, limy and shall be applied, or
so much thereof as may be necessary may and shall be ap-
plied, at the discretion of thc Secretary of the Interior, to
the relief of such of the members of such tribe or tribes as
have lemained loyal to the United States, and have been,
or may be, driven from their homes into the State of Kan-
sas or elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When that amendment
was proposed, it struck me at first rather favor-
ably than otherwise; but, on examination, I am
satisfied that it is not so good as the proviso to thc
House bill which it strikes out. It exposes us to
too much danger. The proviso as it stands in the
original bill is very well; it authorizes the Presi-
dent, and lodges the power with him, to suspend
the payment in whole or in part lo any of those
tribes at his discretion. It does not oblige him to
suspend the payment, either in whole or in part,
but leaves the matter to him, and he can act ac-
cording to contingencies. As this amendment is,
it leaves it to the Secretary of the Interior to select
out individuals who, in his judgment, may need
the money, and who may not be obnoxious to
the charge intimated. It must be remembered
that this nioney is money payable under treaties
which provides thata certain amount shall be paid
to the tribes. It is obvious, therefore, that if the
application of it is made in that way by the selec-
tion of individuals by the Secietary of thc Inte-
rior, we may be paying the money without au-
thority, in a manner not provided by treaty, and
in such a way that we shall be compelled to pay
it over again. Besides, there is the danger of im-
position.
If the matter be left to the President, he can
make such arrangements with regard to changing
the form of payments, paying m part and having
the money expended for proper purposes, as may
be necessary under the treaty, and as would meet
the object of the proviso. 1 am satisfied that, so
far as'the Tieasury is concerned, it stands very
much better under thc proviso as it is in the bill,
and I think it would be as well, in regard to the
individuals themselves, to make all thc payments
that may be necessary to Indians who are not
obnoxious to the charge of having been disloyal,
or anything of that kind. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will not concur in this amendment,and that
the Senator from Wisconsin, on reflection, will not
insistuponit. Itstrikesmecertuiniyas very unsafe.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state to the
honorable Senator from Maine, and for the in-
formation of the Senate, that there was a personal
examination by thc Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs of the state of things in Kansas growing out
of the fact that portions of these tribes had been
driven out of the Indian territory into the Sta^e
of Kansas, under circumstances of the most ter-
rible suffering and destitution, such as we perhaps
have no conception of. After his return here from
this personal examination, the Secretary of the
Intel ior recommended the appropriation of the
sum of $200,000 for the purpose of being expended
for thc support of these Indians. That recom-
mendation is in these words:
11 Foi furnishing loyal Indians tiiathave been driven from
