1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fhese orders will be read at the head of every regiment,
and all offieeis are commanded to strictly enloice them,
Dj command ot Major Geneial Hallcrk.
N. II. McLEANj JidjutanL General.
How did Congress speak in February, 1861,
upon the motion, I believe, of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman:]
" Rcsohal, That neither the Federal Government nor the
people or governments of tlicnon-slaveholding States have
a pu>po*e ot a constitutional light to legislate upon or in-
teifere with slnveiy in any of the States of the Union.
<  Revolted, That those person* in the Noith who do not
subsenhe to the loiegoing proposition, are too insignificant
in numbers and influence to excite the serious attention or
ahum ot any portion of the people of the Republic, and that
the mciease ot their numbers and influence does not keep
pace wfih the inciease of the aggregate population of the
Union.
How, again, did Congress speak in July last, in
the House of Representatives, upon the motion of
the hero, patriot, and sage, the venerable Crit-
tenden:
" Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the present deploiable civil w ar
has been iorced upon tlie country by the disumoni&ts of the
southei 11 States, now in arms against the constitutional
Government, and in arms mound the capital; that in this
national emergency, Congress, banishing all leeling* of
meie passion or leseutment, will recollect only its duty to
the whole country ; that this war is not waged on their part
in any '•pint of oppies*uon? or for any purpose of conquer
or subjugation, oi puipose of overthrowing or intettermg
with the lights or established institutions of tho>c States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Comtitu
tion, and to pieseive tiieUnion with aii the dignitv.equal-
ity, and rights of the several States unimpaired; and that
as soon as these objects are accomplished the w;u ought to
ccasc."—Journal House of Representatives, fiist session,
Tluity-Seventh Congiess, p. 123.
Shall it be said that this resolution was adopted
under the fbarful excitement growing out of the
battle of the day before, at Bull Run? No, sir;
never will the nation allow any such intimation
to be made against its honor. What said the
Senate in July last upon the motion of the distin-
guished Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson?]
" Resol> erf, That the present deploiable civil war lias been
forced upon tin: eountiv by the disunionist- of the southern
States, now in ievoh again*!-the constitutional Government
and in aims around the capital: that m this national emer-
gency Oonsri ess, banishing all feeling ot meie pa>s-ion oi le-
s>entnient. will iccolleet only it^ duty to the whole coun-
try ; that this war is not prosecuted upon our part m any
spirit of oppies&ion. nor tor any puipose of conquest oi sub-
jugation, nor puipose of overthrowing or mteiteimg with
the ns*l)ts or established institutions ot those State*, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
all laws made in pursuance tliereot, and to preseive tlie
Union, with all the dignitj, equality, and lights of thesev-
eial States unnnpaned; that as soon as these'objects aie
accomplished the wai ought to cease."—Senate Journal,
first session Tluity-beveuUi Congiess, pp. £-1, 8-">.
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to the vote
upon that resolution. Every Senator present and
voting, save one, voted for that resolution. It is
significant, and the country should know who it
was that, on the 25th day of July, refused to vote
for that resolution. Breckinridge, now an open
traitor at the head of rebel forces, Johnson of iVJis-
soun, in the same position, Polk, in the same po-
sition, Powell, and Trtmbull. I was about to
do my friend from Illinois, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, injustice. I find, what I did
not notice before, that his name is recorded with
the names of Breckinridge, Johnson of Missouri,
Polk, and Powell, against the resolution. He
is consistent, 1 must confess.
Mr. President, what did the distinguished gen-
tleman at tlie head of the State Department, Mr.
Sewai d, in Ins letter of instructions, m April last,
to Mr. Dayton, our minister to Paris, say:
I need notfuithcr claboiatethe pioposition that the rev-
olution w without a cause. It ha*, not even a pietext. It
js jim a- cleai that it is without an object. Moinl and
ph\>ica! cau-C'- have deteimmcd inflexibly the chaiacter
d[ Vach one of the Teiutones over whieh the dispute has
an-en, and both puties after the election, harmoniously
asiieed on all the Fcdeial laws requned toi then o-gain^.i-
tioji Tin* T< rntoiies v\ ill iemain m all lej-pecis the -.fime,
wbethei the revolution shall siiccecd or shall tail. I he con-
dition ot slavei\ in the sevcial States will iemam just the
same wbethei it Miccct'd oi i<u! Thcie i"- not even a pie-
text toi Uie eouiplaint that ilie di-afieeted States are to be
eoiujupted bv the United State? if the revolution tail: lor
the lights of the States ami the condition ol eveiy human
bemir m them \\ ill lemain subject to exactly the same law*
andlotm* of administration whether the levointion shall
tucef ed or fait, in the one c.i*o the States would be ted-
i i.illy coiiu'-cted with the new contcdeiacv ; m the other
tlu.\ would, as now. be membcis of the United State<; but
their constitutions and bi\\s. eu*toms« habits, and institu-
tions in eitiiei ense will lemain the same.
It is, hanlly neeest-aiy to add to this incontestable state-
ment I he imihei laet that tho new President, as well as the
eiu/eiH tlnouiih \\ ho.se -aitl'iase* he has come into she Ad-
ministration, have always repudiated all designs whatever
and whenever imputed to him and them of dMuibmg the
system of slavery as it is existing under the Constitution
and laws. The case, however, would not be fully pre-
sented if I were to omit to say that any such effoit on his
part would be unconstitutional; and ail his actions: in that
direction would be pi evented by the judicial authority, even
though they were assented to by Congress and the people."
I respectfully call upon the Senator from Illi-
nois, taking the position that he does, to read at
his leisure this lust paragraph quoted from our
Secretary of State, a statesman who has spent tlie
greater portion of his life in the servicc of his
country.
Think you, Mr. President, that these declara-
tions had nothing to do with our successes at
Roanoke, Fort Henry, and Fort Donelson? I
would not detract in the slightest degree from the
honor won by our brave soldiers, but I assert it
as my honest belief that we owe much to the
Union sentiment that was in the confederate ser-
vice. If the rebel force hod been animated by the
spirit that inaugurated this rebellion, it would
never have surrendered as it did, and it is the re-
alization of this fact that made Jeff Davis admit in
his message that they had undertaken more than
they could achieve. The same fact was pressing
upon the rebel officer who wrote to the Richmond
Examiner the extract I read:
'•The Roanoke affair is perfectly incomprehensible. The
newspapers aie filled with extravagant laudations of oui
valor; the annals of Gieece and Rome offer no parallel;
whole regiments were defeated by companies, and we
yielded only to death. Our men finally suirendered 'with
ho blood on their bayonets,5 and what is the loss? Rich-
mond Clues, two killed and five wounded ; McCulloch
Rangers, one killed and two wounded; the other loui com-
panies lost m all two killed and eleven wounded. Com-
ment is- needless. The whole atmy had better surrender at
once, font will eventually come ^o it."
I think so, too. I concur in opinion with him.
Let us never, Mr. President, violate our faith.
It has been well remarked by some writer that the
chief of all powers is moral power, and I believe
we owe more to-day to our moral position which
we secured by the declarations I have read than
we do to our armies, great as I know our obliga-
tions are to them, which obligations I take pleas-
ure in acknowledging. Think you, Mr. Presi-
dent, if General Halicck and Commodore Foote
had announced to the people ol Tennessee that
their purpose was to confiscate their property and
turn them houseless and homeless upon the world,
and to free their slaves, Nashville and Clarksville
would have been ours? Would they not have been
reduced to ashes, and would not their people have
rushed with eagerness to the field and arrayed
themselves under the standard of rebellion? Pass
this bill, disregard the tears of widowhood and the
cry of orphans, visit upon the children to the third
and fourth generation the sins of the father, im-
poverish the wife and pauperize the child, as this
bill proposes to do, and the mother, instead of tak-
ing upon her knee her lisping babe to instill into
his infant mind sentiments of love for his country
and gratitude for its beneficence, wiil cause her
child to kneel by her side and swear undying hate
and eternal hostility to the Government that took
from her the mcans'of support, and turned mother
and child beggars upon the woild. Pass this bill,
and inleiminable, never-ending war will be the
result.
u Oh shame to men ! devil with d< vil damned
Finn eoncoid holds; men only disnince
Ot cieatute* lational, though undei hope
Ofhe.ivenlv crace, and God proclaiming peace,
Yet hvr m hatred, emmu, and striie
Among themselves, and levy ciuel w.us
Wasting the eaith, each othei to design.
This bill proposes to do whatthePresidentfor-
bid General Fremont from doing, and what, in the
opinion of the Pi esident, would have thrown Ken-
tucky agrunst us, and akumed the Union men of
tlie South. So impressed was the President of the
danger to thp eau^e of tlie country by the an-
nouncement of such a policy by a subordinate
military officer, that he addressed to hnn the fol-
lowing letter:
Washington*. D. C., September 2, 1 SOI.
]\Iy J>f<r Sir- 'j wo point-* m \oai pioelamation of
Aucust yo si\ e me some .mxieu.
Fir*t: Should vou shoot a man, aecotdms to the pioela-
mation, the eonledoiate* would wiy certainly shoot our
best men m their hands, in leialiation, and so, man for
man, indefinitely It is, tlmiefuie my ordei that >ou allow
no man to be shot, undei the pioehunanon, without Inst
having my appiobation oi eon-sent.
Sreomf. 1 think fh^ie k- gicat dantftu that the closing ;j
parauiaph, m i< lation to the eonfiseation ot pioperty, and .
hbtiaunii slaves of traitoioiH owner.-*, will ahum oui ^
southern Union Iriend-*.and turn iheia against us—perhaps :|
lum our lather lair ptospect tor Kentucky. Allow me, ■
tneiLfore, Jo ask that }ou will, as of jour own motion, .1
mod ify that paragraph so asto conform to thejirsf and fourth,
sections of the act of Congress, entitled " An act to confis-
cate property used for insurrectionary purposes," approved
August 6, 1861, and a copy of which act t herewith send
you. This letter is written in a spirit of caution, not of cen-
sure. I send it by a special messenger, in order that it may
certainly and speedily reach you. *
Yours very truly, A. LINCOLN*
To Major General Frkmont.
Mr. President, the path of duty is clear. Let
us march steadily on observing the line of policy
laid down by ourselves. Let us not violate our
own solemn declarations by which we are bound
not only to our own people but to the whole world.
The declarations of our Chief Magistrate and our
own solemn resolves have gone to the world, and
have been read and approved of in Europe as well
as upon this continent. We have a law for the
punishment of treason; enforce it; try, convict,
and hang by the neck the traitor leaders, the au-
thors of this wicked conspiracy to destroy our
Government. Grant to the rank and file who have
been seduced and unwillingly and unwittingly
forced into the rebellion a pardon for past offenses.
Leave it to the loyal Legislatures of the States,
which will have to bring back into the Union their
respective States, to exclude from office all whose
lives are spared, who willingly participated in this
rebellion. In this way you will punish the guilty
and protect the innocent. So impressed was I with
the importance of a declaration of policy such as
I have briefly alluded to that, after the capture of
Fort Donelson, I called upon two gentlemen who
I had reason to believe enjoyed the confidence of
the President, and asked them to urge upon him
the propriety of issuing a proclamation announc-
ing such a policy as I have indicated. I believed
that the hour of victory was the hour of magna-
nimity, and I now believe if this iiad been done,
we should have had peace in less than ninety days.
I may be mistaken, but I am glad to find that in
this opinion I am not alone. Hon. James Guth-
rie, in a speech the other day, expressed similar
views. I will read an extract or two from his
address:
"This day"—
That was the of February, the anniversary
of Washington's birthday—
"This day, if the power was with me, an amnesty and
free patdon should be proclaimed to all, whether in arms
or not, who, m a piesciibed tune, give up their arms and
the icbel cause, acknowledge the supremacy of the Consti-
tution and the law?, and agree to submit to them. I ain
asked what I would do with the leaders? 1 reply, I would
leave them to the tribunals and the punishment presciibed
by the laws they have violated, but I am for the largest for-
giveness consistent with the restoration of the Constitution
and the safety of the Union. All arc not leaders in this re-
bellion who have acted as its noisy champions, through the
pi(•*><, or on the stump, or filled high places in the strife."
UJ would declare this amnesty and pardon as a war
mcasuic. U may diaw thousands who teel that rebellion
i* not a remedy for existing oi supposed evil?, and are earn-
e-s'lv and hopetnllv awaiting to cscape, as far as possible,
fiom the consequences of then acts. 1 would open tlie door
for them. Many of the seceded States have always been
for the Union, and only await the time they may safely take
ground foi it."
I know, sir, my State has aUvays been, and is
to-day, if a fair expression of the opinion of her
people could be had, for the Union by fifty thou-
sand majority:
I would declarc the amnesty and pardon as a financial
mra>ure—as a measure of economy in this most expensive
and wasteful civil war. 1 believe it would act promptly in
the lestoiation of the Constitution and the Union, and be
moie effective in rcstoiing the Union than the most signal
victoiicb our arms have or shall obtain. If it shoiten the
war but fifty or one hundred days, it would save to the na-
tion moie than ten tunes the value of all the estates you
could possibly confiscate in accordance with the Constitu-
tion.'5 *
" The worst enemies of the Constitution arc those whose
constant civ is for tiie blood of the rebels the confis-
cation of then estates, with the emancipation of the slaves,
and who. to roach their puipo&es, would tiample the Con-
stitution .the i i2hts of piopci ty, and the principles of human-
ltv undei foot, and blast foi ever the piosperitvof the nation,
r^uch men piopo?e to establish, thiougb eongrecMonal ac-
tion, piovisional governments ovei the seceded States."
I invite the attention of Senators while I read
an extract /Von? the farewell address of General
Jackson. I read it without comment. Senators
wjJI see the lesson winch it teaches:
<• The Constitution cannot be maintained nor the Union
preserved in opposition to public teehng, by the mere ex-
ertion of the comcive powers confided to the Government.
The foundations must be laid m the afiecuons of the peo-
ple; in the secuuty it gives, to life, hbcrh, character, and
piopeity in t-vesy quarter of the country, and in the trater-
nal attachments which the citizen* ol the several States
bear to each other as members* of one political familjjcon-
Inbuung to the happiue&s of each other."
