1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the subject, it does seem to me that no objection
can be made against the policy of the homestead
bill on the ground suggested by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
But, sir, I run opposed to the postponement of
this bill, not because I desire to see it hurried
through the House withoutdue consideration, but
because I prefer that the bill should be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Public Lands for amend-
ment, with such instructions as the House may
be pleased to give to that committee. I am, with
gentlemen who have spoken, in favor of a general
homestead policy. It is a policy which I believe
is approved of by the people, and which, I be-
lieve, is consonant with the highest interests of the
public. But 1 am equally in favor of the bounty
land system, for the benefit of those who forego
the pleasures and enjoyments of home, and wiio
go out with their lives in their hands to maintain
tiie supremacy of the laws and the integrity of the
Constitution.
Holding this view of the matter, Mr. Speaker,
and being fully persuaded in my own mind that
this bill can be so amended, if recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands, as to secure the en-
tire benefits of the homestead system, and at the
same time do something like full justice to the sol-
dier—so that the soldieis in this war for the Union
may be provided for as the soldiers of the United
Stares have been heretofore provided for. If the
motion to postpone is rejected, I will move that
the bill be recommitted. 1 think that these two
bj stems fur the benefit of actual settlers and sol-
diers can be so blended as that these expectations
of the soldier can be realized, and a homestead
system preserved. I beg leave, in support of this,
lo suggest that, if the motion to postpone till the
first Monday in February be voted down, and the
motion to recommit entertained by the House,
the House can instruct that committee that there
shall be given as bounty to the soldieis who shall
render actual service for a definite period in this
war for the Union, one hundred and sixty acres
of land, or to the widows or heirs of such soldiers,
or their assigns, on condition, nevertheless, that
the title shall not pass, except upon the actual oc-
cupancy or improvement, either by the soldier, or
by his heir or widow, or by his assignee. This
being done, it does seem to me that the whole pur-
pose of the homestead bill is preserved, while you
secure the bounty land to the soldier,giving him
power to tiansferhis certificate to his children or
to assign it. I will therefore vote against the post-
ponement, in the hope that the bill will be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, with
such instructions bv the House.
Mr. ROSCOE C'ONKLING. I )ise for the
purpose of moving the previous question; but,
before doing so, I want to enter my protest against
the accusation brought by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Lovejoy] against those who make or
favor this motion to postpone. Now. for one, I
deny utteily that, in the vote I shall give in favor
of this motion, I indicate any opposition to the
general principle of the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I lise to a question of order.
1 understand that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Rose ok CovkliiVg] moves the previous ques-
tion, and he now proposes to reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposed to move the previous question.
He is m oider.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONJvLlNG. I did intimate
that that was my intention.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman did not
make that motion.
Mr. ROSCOE OONKLING. I will make it in
a moment. But before doing so, I desire to deny
utterly, on my own pait—and I am sure I may
deny on the part of the gentleman who made the
motion to post pone, and of others around me—that
a vote in favor of postponing this bill is to betaken,
either by direction or indirection, as tantamount
to a vote in hostility to the bill.
1 have listened, sir, with great attention and
great plcasuic to this debate, general as it has
been. I have listened to the suggestion made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who
favors, or is to favor, a motion to recommit; but
I have failed to hear assigned by gentlemen who
have participated in this discussion any reason
why this bill should be considered now, or why
a motion to recommit should be considered now
rather than a month hence. If ix recommittal of
this bill, with instructions, is the best disposi-
tion of this matter, that motion will be in order
as well when it comes up a month hence as it is
at this time. If this bill, precisely as it stands, or
as it will be if the pending amendment shall pre-
vail, is the best form and substance that can be
given to the subject, then the passage of the bill
at that time will answer every purpose as well
then as its passage now. I now move the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. VANDEVER. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I will, if the
gentleman will promise to renew it without fail.
Several gentlemen have taken the floor with that
understanding, but have forgotten to do so. I
withdraw it on the condition that it will be renewed
by the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can recognizc no
condition.
Mr. VANDEVER. It is with reluctance that
I intrude myself on the attention of the House
again in reference to this subject; but I desire to
say one thing in response to what fell from the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] If he
properly considers this bill as it has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, he will
find that the very object he wishes to attain by
his proposed modification is already provided
for in the bill, and that bounty is secured to the
soldier just as effectually as it can possibly be
secured und'T the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] The
proposition of the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is that the soldier or his family must
actually occupy the land. Well, as the bill now
stands, every actual occupant of the land, soldier
or otherwise, may avail himself of the benefits of
it. Superadded to that advantage the soldier may
claim the money bounty from the Government.
He has that advantage over every one else.
I now desire to say a word on another point.
That is in regard to the financial aspccts of the
question. It has been urged that we should not
act hastily on this bill as it has been reported
from the committee; that under the present cir-
cumstances of the country we should husband our
resources and look to these lands as an ultimate
source of revenue, or rather the basis of credit
and of taxation. Now, sir, I appeal to the expe-
rience of gentlemen if it is not an incontrovertible
fact that, lands lying unoccupied and uncultivated
afford a very small basis of credit, and that in
those States and communities where large bodies
of public lands he in that condition, they are the
banc of the community,and paralyze the energies
of those States. If we desire to enlarge the basis
of credit, how better can we do it than by promot-
ing the occupancy and cultivation of those lands?
So far as increasing the revenue by sales of the
public lands is conceined, if we were to-day to
throw upon the market every solitary acre of the
public lands that is unappropriated, what would
that amount to? Nothing. The basis to which
we are to look is not the $1 25 per acre that can
be brought into the public Treasury by the sale
of theselands, but it is the permanent basis which
the occupation and cultivation of these lands will
afford for taxation to pay the enormous burdens
that are to be imposed on the country.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from Iowa
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. VANDEVER. Yes.
Mr. POTTER. The question I desire to ask
the gentleman is, whether if all the lands included
within the boundaries of his State, and which be-
longed to thcGovornmcnt, were now unoccupied,
the credit of the Government would beany better
than it is at present?
Mr. VANDEVER. That is the very point
I was trying to elucidate. The settling of that
State, and of every other State, has improved the
credit of the Government. It is a fallacy to sup-
pose that the title to these lands is to be acquired
by purchase. What we are to look to is the en- ;
orgy that is displayed m subduing these lands to ;
cultivation, and developing the resources of the
country. The title is to be acquired by occupancy
and not by purchase. In that particular the pro-
posed homestead poiicy and the bounty land pol-
icy stand m opposition to each othc-r. We must
adhere to the idea that the title to public lands is
to be acquired by occupancy. This bill carries
out the idea. Whenever these lands are donated
as bounty lands to soldiers, the price of the land
warrants bccomes the price of the lands; but se-
cure the lands to actual settlers and a tide of
emigration will pour in upon them, and the settle-
ment and occupation of them will increase im-
measurably the basis of credit of the Government.
No man even supposes that when these unoccu-
pied lands are pledged to the creditors of the Gov-
ernment as security, that in default of payment
those creditors may foreclose at any time, "and
cause the lands to be sold to pay the debts of the
Government. All that could be expected of the
Government is to favor the immediate settlement
and cultivation of the lands, enhancing their value,
and thereby increasing the value of the security
which exists in the ability of the Government to
raise the revenue necessary to pay our debts.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the House under-
stand this question, and thatnothrng can be gained
by a postponement of this bill. It has been dis-
cussed in the House, and it has been discussed
in the country, until every member understands
it now as well as he can a month hence; and we
may as well meet the question now as a month
hence.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not want to make a speech
now. I only desire to indicate that, if the motion
to postpone is voted down, at the proper time I
shall propose to instruct the Committee on Public
Lands as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of providing bounty lands for soldiers
or their widow?, of one hundred and sixty acres each, on
any of the public lands of the United States open to pre-
emption oi entry, at $1 23 per aeie, or less price; and to
piovide honu^tnads to actual settlers of eighty acres each,
on the lands reserved fiom railroad grants, and now open
to entry at $2 50 per acre.
This, it will be perceived, will give to actual
settlers the opportunity of securing homesteads
upon the most productive portion of the public
lands; and it will also give the soldiers, at the
close of the war, one hundred and sixty acres of
land, subject to entry at §1 25 per acre, or its
value in the reserved lands.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana whether his amend-
ment contemplates this state of facts: of giving to
the volunteer soldier one hundred and sixty acres
of land in addition to his right as a citizen under
the homestead bill ? I frankly confess to the gen-
tleman that I am in favor of that policy. I am
in favor of giving to every citizen, whether soldier
or otherwise, a homestead, on condition of his set-
tlement upon and occupation of it; and I am in
favor of giving every soldier a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of bounty land, in addi-
tion. I make the inquiry in good faith, and be-
cause I desire to see this policy adopted.
Mr. COLFAX. I am sure the gentleman in-
tends his inquiry in good faith, as everything he
does is in good faith. But it is nevertheless a sly
hit at my proposition. 1 desire to provide a home
on the public lands to every man who will go
there and carve out for himself a home in the wil-
derness. I am willing to give him one hund^jd
and sixty acres for that purpose; or, if he goes
upon the alternate sections reserved from the rail-
road grants, the price of which is $2 50 per acre,
1 am willing he should rcceive eighty acres for
that purpose. In answer directly to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Illinois, I do not propose
to give more than one farm to anybody. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas £3, nays f>0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A!le\, Aneona, Babbitt, Joseph B.uJy,
Baker, Baxter, Boaman, Buldle, Francis P. Blan, Jacob
B. Blair, Geonre II. Biowne, William G. Brown, Bufftn-
ton, Burnham/Calveit, Chamberlm, Cobb, Itoscoe Conk-
line, Coopei. Covodc, Crittuid^n. Daw?, Delano, Diven,
Duel!, Dunlnp, Dimnj Edwaids, English, Fe^senden, Fran-
ehot, Gooeh. Goodwin, Gianger, Gilder, Hale, Haidmg,
Hickman, Hooper. Hutehins, Johnson,Kelley,Fiancis W.
Kel'o;™, Lanting, Leary, Loom is, MclCean, MeKnight,
McPheison. Mallory, MaynanhMenzies.Moorhead, Anson
P. Moiriii, Ju<un fc?. Monill, Norton, OdelJ, Ohn, T. G.
Phelps. Pike, PoiU-i, Alex.mdei II. Jiice, John II. Rice,
Riddlf. Edward H. Rollins. Sanreant. Shiel, Smith, Spauld-
ing,Jol!!i B. Steele, William GfSteele, Stevens, Benjamin
F." Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiain, Upton, Verree, W ads-
