-3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
go as to make the pay of steward to paymaster $1,000 per
annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
Add the following new section;
Sec. 3 Jirul be it further enacted, That from and after the
1st dav of September, 1852, the spirit latlon in the Navy of
the United States shall forever cease, and thereafter no dis-
tilled spirituous liquors shall be admitted on boaid of vessels
of war except as medical stores, and upon the ouler and un-
der the control of the medical officers of such vessels, and
to he used onlv for medical purposes. From and after the
said 1st day of September next, there shall be allowed and
paid to each person in the Navy now entitled to the spiut
ration five cents per dav m commutation and lieu thereof,
which shall be in addition to their present pay.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Strikeout the words "and thereafter no distilled spirit-
uous liquors sh.ill bo admitted on board of vessels ot war
except as medina! store-*, and upon the order and under the
control of the medical officers of such vessels, and to be
used only for medical purposes."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Forty-third amendment:
Add tho follmviug new section :
Sec. 4. Jlnd be. it further enacted, That each assistant
paymaster attached to any vessel of war shall he authouzed
to appoint a clerk in lieu of the steward heretofore allowed,
subject to the approval of the commanding ofticei of such
vessel, and such clerk shall have the privileges of a pay-
master's clerk, and hK yearly compensation shall be $100
and one ration pe« day.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I usk leave to offei a pro-
viso,
Mr. HOLMAN. Letit be read for information.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Proi'idcih That no paymnsierorassistant paymaster shall
he allowed a cleik on bouid of any vessel whose complement
is loss than one hundred poisons.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object, the previous
question being pending.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Add the following new seetion :
Seo.5. Jlml he itj'urtker cnadaU That the orders, I ovu-
lations, and Instructions hcieiofoie Issued by the Seereuuy
of the Navy lit*, and they are hereby, leeognized as the iem-
ulations of the Navy Department, subject, however, to sueh
alietatloiiH as the Scereuuy of the Naw may adopt, with
the nppiobaUon ol the President of the United State*.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Foriy-iifth amendment:
Add the following new ^eetimi.
Sec. t>. >'}n<l be \t fail her ciui<tc<l, That the pay of a sec-
retary of a eommandei of a Mjuadiou Mial! hercalter be
$I,5U0 a ycai and <>ne i.ition.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demre to ask the chairman
of the Naval Committee as to what extent this
amendment increases i lie pay of the ofKcerreferred
to, what is his present salary, and what is the
increase.
Mr. SEDGWICK I am not able to say.
This bill has not been referred to the Naval Com-
mittee.
Mr HOLMAN. Then I put the .same ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. #
Mr, STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, we had better
either vote or give up voting. Go on with the
business.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs*. PoTTKitand
VookHkics wer<  appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cat! for the yeas and nays,
as the ehditmun of the Committee of Ways and
Means does not choose to answer a proper ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
yeas G2, nays 34.
So the amendment was concurred in
Forty-sixth amendment:
Add the following new section :
Sfc. 7. find be it furlhci enacted, That chaplains in the
Navy shall be not Jo.-** than twenty -one noi moie than thirty
years of age at the time of {heir appointment as such.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Add the following new section s
Sec. 8. Jind be it father enacted, That hereafter minors,
not under the age of eighteen years, may he enlisted in the
naval service without the consent of their parents or guard
ians.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Forty-eighth amendment:
Add the following new section :
Sr.c. 9. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be. and he is hereby, authorized to annu-
ally appoint ten acting midshipmen for education at the
Naval Academy, who shall be selected from the sons of
officers or soldiers who distinguished themselves in the ser-
vice of the United States, or from the sons of officers oi men
in the naval or marine sei vice of the United States who have
thus distinguished themselves.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Stiike out the words '-'who shall be selected from the
sons of ofticei s or soldiers who distinguished themselves in
the service of the United States, orfiom the sons of officers
or men in the naval or maiine service of the United States
who have thus distinguished themselves."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Add the following new section :
rite. 10. And he it furthe) cnacted, That the District of
Columbia shall be regarded for all the pui po<es of appoint-
ment to the Nav.il Academy as a congressional distnct,
then appointment theieto to be designated bv the President
of the United State-; Itom lesidents of the District.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Amend the title by adding, " and for other purposes so
that it will icad:
An act making appropriations for the naval service for the
ycai ending 30th of June, 18G3, and for other pui poses.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mcnded co n currence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the several votes by which the amendments
of the Senate were concurred or not concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that motion in order?
The SPEA KER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe I do not consent to
it, unless votes be allowed on the several amend-
ments increasing salaries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw the
motion.
SIIIP CANAL.
* Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
whereby the bill (H. R. No. 288) to construct a
ship canal for the passage of armed and naval ves-
sels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan,
and for other purposes, was laid on the table yes-
terday. If reconsidered, I will move to postpone
its fuitber consideration till the first Wednesday
in December next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island to allow me to offer an
amendment to his proposition to postpone.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will certainly allow it to
be voted on by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The only motion pending at this time on this sub-
ject is the motion to reconsider. A motion to
postpone to a future day is not in order now.
When the motion to reconsider comes up, I will
seek the floor to move to lay the motion on the
tahle.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island stated that he rose to call up a motion to
reconsider. Does the gentleman from Indiana
make a motion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion is that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mi. WASHBURNE. I demand the pievious
question on the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. As the motion to recon-
sider would not of itsfrlf be debatable, the motion
for the previous question is unnecessary.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion; and on a division, there were—ayes 54, noes
46.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt,
Baily, Biddle, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, William G.
Biown. Calvert, Campbell, Pi ederick A. Conklmg, Covode,
(havens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler. Davis, Dunlap,
Dunn. Enalhh, Gooch, Goodwin, Hale, Hauling, Holman,
Johnson, KilUnger, Law, Lazear, Leaiy, McKnight, Mc-
pherson, Malloiy, Maynatd, Moothead, Moras, Nixon,
Nuccn, Pendleton, Peny, Poitei, Alexander II. Rice, John
Il.ltice, Edward II. Roll in*, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles. Stratton,Train,Trimble, Trowbiidge, Veireo, Wal-
lace, Webster, and Woodiuft—55.
NAYS—Mo'ssis. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baker, Baxter, Beanian, Fiancis P. Blair, Jaeob B.
Bla'u,Blake, Geoige II. Biowne, Buffinton, Casey, Cham-
beilin, Clark, Colfax, Roscoc Conklimr, Dawes, Delano,
Diven, Duell, Edwaids, Ehot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden,
JFouke, Frank, Granger, Gurley. Ilaight, Ilutchins, Julian,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing,
Looims,Lovejoy,Low, Mitchell, Justin S. Moirill, Odeli,
Ohn, TimothvG. Phelps, Pomeiov, Pottei, Price, Richard-
son, Riddle, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shcllabarger, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan,
Spauldnig, Benjamin F. Thomns.Van Horn, Van Valken-
buigli, Walton, Ward, Washbuine, Wheeler, Albeit S.
White, Wood, ami Worcester—71.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. PATTON stated that on all questions re-
lating to this bill he had paired with his colleague,
Mr. Hickman, who was absent on account of sick-
ness.
Mr. KELLEY stated that he had paired with
Mr. Franchot on this vote.
Mr. M ALLORY stated that Mr. Menzies and
Mr.GniDER were detainedfrom the House in con-
sequence of indisposition.
The question recurrcd on the motion to recon-
sider.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 312) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, and to pay in-
terest on the public debt;
An act (II. R. No. 304) 10 aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure the
Government the use of the same for postal, mil-
itary,and other purposes;
An act (H. R. No.391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in theTerritories of the
United States, and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah;
An act (H. R. No. 515) to provide for the ap-
pointment of^\n Indian agent in Colorado Ter-
ritory;
An act (H. R. No. 425) to incorporate the
Guardian Society to Reform Juvenile Offenders
in the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 521) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Dodd and others;
An act (H. R. No. 442) to establish a land dis-
trict in the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes;
An act (II. RfNo. 371) to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No, 530) granting a pension to
Lawrence P.N Land rum, of'Taylor county, Ken-
tucky; and
An act (H. R. No. 248) for the relief of the
president and directors of the Panama Railroad
Company.
NAVAL AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, it is the duty of the Chair to call up the
business of the Naval Committee, which was as-
signed as a special order for to-day after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask the consent of the
House to postpone the special order for half an
hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to postpone the
special order for half an hour. The motion, I
believe, is in order.
