1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3083
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor on the special order.
If the gentleman yields, the motion is in order.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield for me to make that motion.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr.HOLMAN. Iobjecttothegentlemanyield-
ing the floor unless he yields altogether.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have yielded the floor feo
the gentleman from Rhode Island to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from New York has
no right to yield the floor to a particular gentle-
man if objection be made.
The SPEAKER." The Chair thinks that could
be done.
Mr, HOLMAN. The gentleman must yield
unconditionally, if he yields at all.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields the
floor, the motion to postpone the special order is
in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has he the right to yield for
that particular purpose? Does he not lose his
right to tlie floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has the
right to yield; and courlcsy will give him the right
to the floor, when the special order shall again
come up for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that if the gentle-
man from New York yields the floor, any other
gentleman has as much right to obtain it as the
gentleman from Rhode Island.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island was recognized by the Chair and appealed
to the gentleman from New York to yield the floor.
If the gentleman yields, therefore, the gentleman
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to have the mo-
tion to reconsider taken up, and the subject post-
poned until December next.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to move
to amend the motion to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I use to a question of
order. I demanded the previous question on the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
not debatable, and therefore the previous question
will not apply to it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask for a vote upon the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. I submit thatno other business is in order
except to proceed with the special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order, unless the gentleman from New
York yields for the motion to postponeto be made.
Mr, SEDGWICK. I have yielded for that
purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that the special
order be postponed for half an hour.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Francis* P. I3lair,
Jacob B. Blair, Blake, George fl. Browne, Buffinton,Casey,
Chamberlin, Claik, Colfax, Uo>coc Conkling, Dawes, Del-
ano, Diven, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fcssenden, FouIce,
Frank, Gooch, Gianger, Gurloy, Ilaight, Hooper, Hutchin«,
Julian, Fiancis VV. Kellogs, William Kellogg, Knapp,
Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Justin S. Morrill, NoeJl,
Odell, Olm, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter.
IJ.jpliHrdsOn. Riddle. Jamaa S. "Rollm*. SJarnrpnt KoHrrt
bard, Walton, Ward, Wasdibumc, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, and Woodruff'-—71.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Baily, Biddle,
Bingham, Samuel fc?. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Campbell, Frederick A. Conklmg, Covode, Cravens, Cris-
field, Crittenden, Cutlei, Davn, Dutilap, Dunn, Goodwin,
Hate, Harding, Ifoluian, Johnson, Kelley, Killinger, Law,
Lazear, Leary, McICmght, Maliory. Maynard, Moorhead,
Nixon, Nugen, Patton, Pendleton, Porter, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Htile*, fcUratton, Tuiin, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Vorree, Wallace, Webster, Wilson, Wood, and
Worcester—53.
So the special order was postponed for half an
hour.
SHIP CANAL—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred again upon the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 288) to construct
a ship canal for the passage of armed and naval
vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan, and for other purposes, was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider ou the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the motion can be made, no business having in-
tervened since ttie same motion has been decided.
Mr. HOLMAN. Other business has intervened.
The SPEAKER. Nothing in relation to this
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion to postpone the
special order hay been decided.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
remains in precisely the same condition in which
it was when the other motion to lay on the table
was made and decided. The Chair decides the
motion is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
following paragraph from Barclay's Digest to be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Where a motion has already been made and negatived
to lay a bill on the table, and no change or alteration has
been made in the bill, or no proceeding directly touching
its merits has since taken place, the motion to lie on the
table cannot be repeated."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is this
case.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move to Jay the ap-
peal on the table, and upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his appeal
to enable me to submit an amendment to the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
The SPEAKER. Thcgentleman has the right
to withdraw his motion to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I decline to withdraw
the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move now an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman from
Rhode Island.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, and
no amendment is in order except by unanimous
consent. The question is on the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask fhe Chair if the half
hour for which the special order was postponed
has not expired?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will keep the time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 9, noes 74.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 5, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cravens, Holman, Johnson, Utiles., and
Webster—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J.
Alien, Alley, Aneona, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Fiancis P.
Blair, Jacob B. Blan, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffintnn,
Calveir, Campbell, Casey, Chamberiin, Clark, Clements,
Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling,
Coming, Covode. Cusfield, Cutler, Davi*, Dawes", Divcn,
Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwaids Eliot, Elv, English, Fes-
senden, Fouke, Frank,Gooch, Goodwin,Gianger,Gurley,
Ilaight, Hale, Ildidimr, Hooper, Ilutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Killinger, Knapp, Laiwng, l^aw, La-
zear, Leary, Loomix, Lovejoy, McKnight, MePherson,
Maliory, Mavnaid, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Moiull,
Nixon, Noell, Niigen, Odell, Patton, Pendleton, Perry,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeioy, Potter, Riddle, Edward II.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, William
G, Steele, Stratton. Benjamin F.Thomas,Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Veiree, Wallace, Walton, Waid, Wash-
burne3 Wheeler, Alliens. White, Wilson, Windom,Wood-
ruff, and Worcester—112.
So the House refused to ftdjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid upon
the table yesterday
Mr. HOLMAN. The previous question has
not been called, I believe?
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able. The previous question does not apply to a
motion to reconsider a vote and to lay it upon the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire if this bill is
now properly before the House?
The SPEAKER. The time limited will not
expire until three minutes hence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on the
question.
A division being had, the Chair announced 55
votes in the affirmative, and 46 in the negative,
whereupon
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Mr. Train, and Mr.
Blair of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 31.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRAINGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 272) for
the relief of Brigadier General Joseph G. Totten;
when the Speaker signed the same.
NAVAL COMMITTEE BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The time havingexpired, the
special order is again before the House, being the
business from the Naval Committee.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a question of order. I sug-
gest to the Chair that it is not in order to take no-
tice of the time when the House is dividing upon
a vote.
The SPEAKER. The House is not voting.
Mr. OLIN. 1 suggest that they were voting.
The SPEAKER. The House had divided, and
the tellers had announced the result. That com-
pleted that vote.
CREW OF THE VAHUNA.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a resolution (S. No. 85) to
compensate the crew of the United States steamer
Varuna, for clothing and other property lost in
the public service.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. G. FARIIAGUT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of D. G.
Farragut.
The bill, which was lead, directs the proper
accounting officer to allow to Captain D. G. Far-
ragut, in the settlement of his account, $407 19,
being the amount paid by him as wages to two
master's mates on board the United States ship
Warren, employed at Mare Island, California.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS, ETC., OK THE GOVERNOR.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass,joint resolution (S. No. 77) for the relief
of the officers, non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates of the battalion of maiines on board the
transport Governor on the 3d of November, 1861.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
| of the gentleman from New York. I understand
this appropriation to be to pay for losses sustained
bycertain officers and marines while on their way
to Port Royal in November last. It is to pay for
equipments, clothing, and things of that kind.
My question is, whether it has been the practice of
the Government, not only in connection with the
Navy, but also m connection with the Army, to
pay for losses sustained m this way5 The prac-
tice ought to be uniform. If it is the practice m
the Army to pay for such losses, a corresponding
1 course should be adopted in reference to the Navy.
