1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
cannot be divided. The question must be taken
on the proposition as it is, which is to strike out
certain words of the original bill, and insert other
words in lieu of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it not be in orderto
insert this in lieu of the words proposed to be
stricken out? I wish to arrive at it in any way. I
will not vote for a provision that will placc in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior the distribu-
tion of this large sum of money without restraint,
limitation, or qualification. In case any tribe is in
hostility to the United States, and the President
so declares it, so that we are relieved from the ob-
ligations of the treaty, and shall not have to ap-
propriate money to carry the treaty into effect, I
am willing that the President should pay out what
money is necessary, within the limits of the appro-
priation, for the relief of loyal Indians belonging
to that tribe. Beyond that, I think we ought not
go. But, sir, the proposition submitted to us by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, if it is read, will
bp found to be very broad indeed. It provides that
all the money heretofore or hereafter appropriated
to carry into execution an Indian treaty with a
tribe, may be applied at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, without limit or restraint, as
he chooses; and yet the treaty remains, and we
shall be still required to pay over at some future
time, in pursuance of that treaty, all the money
provided for by it. That is the effect of it. To
avoid all controversy, I desire before any money
is appropriated to the loyal Indians, that the treaty
itself should be abrogated and put an end to, and
then that the money which under the treaty would
be paid to all the Indians, shall be paid only to
the loyal Indians for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Ohio tha$ if the
amendment before the Senate does not prevail, if
the proviso in the House bill should not be stricken
out, and the words proposed should not he in-
serted in its place, it will be in order for him to
move his amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I have
any objection to allowing the provision of the ori-
ginal bill to stand, giving the power to the Pres-
ident to suspend these payments, if the Senate
will add to it a provision allowing the President
to use this money for the purpose of taking care
of and providing for the support of the loyal In-
dians who may have been driven outof their own
country. I have no objection to letting the bill
stundin that way; butsimply suspending the pay-
mentof the moneys does not take care of the suf-
fering Indians who have been driven out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not if the whole pay-
ment was suspended; but the language is that
the payment may be suspended in whole or in
part.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But suspending the ap-
propriation does not give the power to apply the
money for the benefit of the loyal Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will Ictus
reject his amendment, and leave the proviso to
stand as it is in the House bill, I shall have no ob-
jection to adding another clause to carry out the
object which he designs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That will answer the pur-
pose. Let the original proviso stand, and I will
propose an additional amendment to be added to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then let the pending
amendment be withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the amend-
ment now before Senate, and will propose an
amendment by way of addition to the proviso in
the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment having been agreed to in Committee
of the Whole, the vote must now be taken upon
concurring in it. The Senator has no power to
withdraw it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well, let it be re-
jected.
The amendment was non concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will draw up with more
care the provision I wish to offer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, in relation to
the Indian service in that State, be now acted upon.
Theie should be one or two verbal amendments
in Ins amendment. In the fourth subdivision the
language should be made to conform to the amend-
ment which was adopted 111 the first subdivision,
confining the sales to personal property.
Mr. LATHAM. That modification has been
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The remaining
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
will be read.
The Secretary read it. It is, on page 2, lines
thirty-three and thirty-four of the bill, to strike
out:
For pay of twenty laborers for reservations in California,
$1:2,000.
And on page 47 to strike out:
Indian service m California:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in California, including traveling expenses of superintend-
ing agents, $7,500.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsistence
of Indians m California to the reservations in that State,
$25,000.
And to add to the bill, as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the proviso to
the appropriation for defraying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of the Indians in California, included in an
act entitled k< An act making appropriation* for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 00,1861," approved June 19,1860, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed ; and that in heu thereof
the following provisions shall be made for the Indian ser-
vice in California: First. All the reservations within what
is called the northern district of California shall be abol-
ished, with the exception of that located in Round Valley,
Mendocino county, California; and all Government per-
sonal property and improvements on the reservations so
abolished, except such a > the superintending agent may
deem it advisable to tiansport to Round Valley, be sold, and
the pioceeds applied to the extinguishment of settlers'titles
and making improvements on Round Valley reservation,
the amount so to be paid lor such improvements and set-
tlers' titles to be determined by a commission of two per-
sons to be selected by the President of the United States.
Second. The superintending agent for the nouheriulisti ict
of California shall reside on the Round Valley reservation
and supeiintend the Indians. lie shall employ three la-
bniers on said reseivatlon, at the rate of forty dollars per
month and board for each, said laborers to assist m in-
stiuctmg the Indian* in agricultural pursuits and collect-
ing them upon the reservation. Third. All the present
supeivisois on all the reseivations shall be discontinued.
Fourth. All the reseivattons within what is called the
southern di^ttict of California shall be abolished, and the
Indians collected togethei and located in Owen's River
Valley, or on such other public land as may be deemed
advisable by the Piesident of the United States; the Gov-
ernment personal property and improvements on the res-
ervations so abolished, except such as the superintending
agent shall deem it advisable to transport to the reserva-
tion, to be sold, and the proceeds applied to the improve-
ment of Owen's River Valley, or the reservation decided
upon for the location of the Indians. Fifth. The superin-
tending agent for the southern distnctshall reside upon the
reservation decided upon, and employ the laborers, arid
superintend the instiuction of the Indians, the same as is
prescribed in section two for the northern superintendent.
Sixth. The salaries of both thesuperintendingagentslo be
the same as at present, (§3.600,) and each shall benllowed
a clcik at the lato of § 1,000 pci aiiuum and board. Sev-
enth. Tli.it I o vum of $"io,00i) he, and is hereby, appropu-
ated to defray the expenses of collecting the Indians upon
the respective reservations, their subsistence, and purchas-
ing fanning implements and such other articles as may be
deemed neec^saiy for their advancement in civilization.
Eighth. The Mohave* shall remain upon their present res-
ervation m southern California, and a special agent shall
be appointed for them at a "alaiy ot $1,800 per annum.
Ninth. For the purpose of eai rung the foregoing provisions
into effect, to wit: to pay for salancb for superintendents,
laborers, clerks, and agent for Mohave Indians, the mm of
$51,720 is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Tiea^urynot othei wise appropriated ; for salaries of cleiks
to superintendents ot Indian affairs for the northern and
soutuem districts of California for three quarteis of the
fiscal vear ending June 30,3852,at $1,800 per annum, §2,700.
Provided, That before any sales ot the property on said res-
ervations shall be made, the Secretary of the Intel un shall
cau^e the same to be inventoried and appraised, and cause
public notice of tile time and place for the sale of the same
to be published for at least sixty day* m three newspapers
of California having the widest eiiculation, stating what
property is thus to he sold, and that the property shall be
sold in parcels.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate has, by a vole
in an amendment to the bill elsewhere, fixed the
salaries of these superintendents at §2,500, and
this amendment should be made to conform to
that.
Mr. LATHAM. If this amendment is adopted
I shall move to reconsider that vote, and I shall
give a good reason for it. If the old system is
continued, §2,500 is sufficient; but if the superin-
tending agent is compelled to reside on the reser-
vation and do all the woik which by law the su-
pervisor is now requned to do, the sum fixed in
my amendments not too high forliim. 1 design,
if this amendment is adopted, to move to recon-
sider tile vote upon the amendment fixing the sal-
aries at $2,500. If tins amendment is rejected,
that ought to stand, and I shall then have no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to strike out the
clauso providing that " the salary of the superin-
tending!: agents shall be the same as at present,
$3,600," because the salary is fixed in the,other
amendment at $2,500. If the superintendent is,
to be allowed a clerk, 1 think §2,500 is sufficient
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator's amendment
prevails, the amount of the appropriation in the
last clause of my amendment which provides for
thepaymentofthesuperintendents'salariesshouM
be reduced. Five thousand dollars should bei de-
ducted from it. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reduction should be
$2,200, I think.
Mr. LATHAM. I understand that a section
already adopted fixes these salaries at §2,500each,
and appropriates that sum of money oat of the
Treasury to pay them. Now, the last clause of
my amendment appropriates for the payment of
the salaries of the superintendents at the rate of
§3,600 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think those salaries are
already provided for in the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator's amendment
is adopted, we ought to reduce the amount of the
appropriation to the extent of their salaries.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly, but no provis-
ion is necessary for their salaries in this amend-
ment, because it is already provided for in the bill.
I move to strike out the clause of the amendment
which says that the salaries shall be the same as
at present.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator's amend-
ment will not be agreed to. if the system which
I propose is adopted, the sum fixed in my amend-
ment, §3,600, is not too much to get competent
and honest men to discharge the duties on these
reservations. You allow them now §3,600. You
give a supervisor to each of the reservations un-
der their control within their superintendency, of
course decreasing the responsibility and the duty
imposed upon the superintendents. Now, to re-
duce their salaries to §2,500 and compel them to
do the work of the supervisors also, is too hard.
It is unjust. One of the gentlemen who now fill
these offices is a stranger to me. The other I
know very well. They differ from me in politics,
but I believe they are both honest and capable
men. I do not think it would be right to compel
them to go on the reservations, do the work of
the supervisors in addition to theirown.and have
the responsibility which would devolve on them,
with reduced compensation.
Mr. GRIMES. Are they not furnished a
house
Mr. LATHAM. You may call it a house.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a verygood one. I never
knew an Indian superintendent or agent who did
not have a first-rate one.
Mr. LATHAM. The law does not fix that
they shall be found with a house, but they are
very apt to live in a house, if they live on the res-
ervation.
Mr. GRIMES. And "there is a farm attached
to it.
Mr. LATHAM. The reservation is a farm in
itself.
Mr. GRIMES. These superintendences and
agencies with salaries of §2,500 are the best of-
fices in the gift of the President. They are almost
completely found. They have a house for a resi-
dence,and a farm to raise what they eat, and they
manage in some way, through some incidental
expense account, always to have plenty of ser-
vants furnished by the Government. Ac least I
know that used to be the case in my State, and I
presume it is so in California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sena-
tor from Maine state his amendment to the amend-
ment? . .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The sixth subdivision of
the amendment now reads:
Sixth. The salaries of both the superintending agents
to be the same as at present, ($3,600,) and each shall be
allowed a clerk at the rate of $1,200 per annum, with board.
I propose so to amend it,as to make it read:
Sixth. Each superintending agent shall be aliowed a clerk
at the rate of §1,200 per annum.
In the amendment already adopted \vc have
fixed the salary of the superintending agents at
§2,500, and it is only necessary here to provide
that they shall each have a clerk.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator will al-
low the question to be taken separately on each
of his propositions. I do not think the board
