1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
and as the amount was limited to $25,000,000, as
a matter of course, they must have $20,000,000,
and they appropriated §20,000,000, leaving the
sum of $5,000,000 to the balance of the country.
The banks of Philadelphia, Boston, Cincinnati,
St. Louis, and all the other cities desire a chance
to put the notes they have on hand temporarily,
on interest, and they want a share. They appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury: you have given
this privilege to the New York bankers and bro-
kers to put their idle notes on interest at any mo-
ment; now give it to us. If$20,000,000 is enough
for New York, Philadelphia will want $10,000,000,
Boston $5,000,000, and so on, and you increase
the amount in this way to $50,000,000. I think
myself the Senate would do wise to repeal that
section of the Treasury note bill at once; and I
do not believe any one would feel injured by it,
or be injured by it, except the bankers and bro-
kers; and we have no favors to ask of them ex-
cept so far as their interests go. As soon as it is
their interest to present these certificates they will
do it.
Theie is another practical difficulty. If you
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
$150,000,000 of notes, and in addition to that au-
thorize him to issue §150,000,000 of these certifi-
cates of depositas soon as he pays out these notes,
what receipts does he expect to have? What re-
ceipts have the Government of the United States
now? They have no sources of revenue, and can-
not have until after these notes are exhausted.
We know that the tax bill cannot take effect for
a year. The dimes on customs will be very slight.
The whole $150,000,000 will be paid out as fastas
the printers can make them; and when they are
paid out, how will you get them back to redeem
these certificates of deposit? There is no way of
getting them back; and you will have then to issue
other notes. Now, I will not, under any circum-
stances, be compelled or induced by a pressing
necessity that is manufactured for the occasion to
aid in issuing any more of these demand notes.
I came to the conclusion to vote for the demand
note bill with some reluctance, but I did it solely
on the ground that I thought it was wise to fur-
nish the people a medium of exchanges and cur-
rency with which they might carry on the oper-
ations of the Government at a time when the banks
had all suspended specie payments. That was
the only reason I could give myself for voting for
it. The only constitutional power I could find
for it was, that it was a just and necessary me-
dium of exchange to carry on the operations of
the Government. You have authorized the Sec-
retary to pay intereston $25,000,OOOof these notes.
If you go on and authorize him to pay interest
on £25,000,000 more, when we have the whole
£150,000,000 out, and there are no means of pay-
ing these outstanding certificates, as a matter of
course you will be asked to issue more notes.
The necessity for it will be impressed upon us;
but if we avoid that necessity. 1 think we need
not resort to any more demand notes.
Mr. President, I believe that this is a mere
scheme for the interests of the bankers and bro-
kers; that it would do no good to anybody else;
that it is to the injury of the Government. It can
do no good to the Government. It is a bonus of
$2,500,000 to secure the good will of the brokers
and bankeis in the cities, and I am not disposed
to e;ivc quite so much for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that amendment at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I wish to move that
" fifty millions'' be stricken out, and il one hun-
dred millions'1 be inserted m its stead. The Sen-
ator from Ohio evidently misapprehends this whole
financial question. It is no benefit to the banks
and bankers. It is simply borrowing money by
the Government at fne pei cent., when the Gov-
ernment itself is offering seven and thiee tenths
pei cent, at the same time. You have $150,000,000
of Treasury note?; when you have paid out that
$150,000,000 you will have none left unless some
means arc prowded by winch a portion ot that
$150,000,000 can find its way into your Treas-
ury. By providing some outlet, or some way by
whieli your Treasury may be replenished Irom
thesi' onginal $150,000,000, you keep youiselves
in funds. Now, what is this pioposiuon? The
bankeis eome in and pi opose to take, we will .say,
$50,U00,000,forI thinkitwouldrcquiie^50,000,000
of these certificates of deposit, bearing five per
cent, interest, to transact their business. That is
no temporary loan. You do not keep one dollar
on hand in order to pay that—not one farthing. It
is precisely like the daily operations of a bank of
deposit. The bank of deposit receives from day
to day, and pays five per cent, interest, but it keeps
nothing on hand, because it relies upon the re-
ceipts of to-morrow to meet the obligations of
to-day. This is precisely the same thing.
Now, sir, 1 do not believe that §50,000,000 will
furnish a sufficient outlet; I do not believe it is
enough. I believe if you will make it$100,000,000,
and with your present proviso that they may be
at any time exchanged for seven and three tenths
Treasury notes, you can make these §150,000,000
do the work of at least from four to five hundred
millions. I believe that with these $150,000,000
and this outlet of five per cent., and the privilege
of converting them into seven and three tenths
Treasury notes, you will make $150,000,000 do
the work of from four to five hundred millions.
The Senator from Ohio says you are paying out
$2,500,000 for the benefit of bankers alone. Sir,
you arc doing no such thing. You are saving
§133,333 to your Treasury. You propose to pay
seven and three tenths per cent, interest; you are
urging the holders of the notes to come and ac-
cept seven and three tenths per cent, bonds, and
now the bankers say,u if you will give us this kind
of security which we can use in our daily busi-
ness we will loan it to you at five per cent." You
are gaining j ust so much, not losing any thing. The
notes that are paid in to-day, you pay out to-
morrow. It is an absolute loan to the Govern-
ment, and amounts to a permanent loan to them
at five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. When you have received
these notes and paid them out, what means have
you left to pay the certificates of deposit* You
have to redeem them after ten days' notice.
Mr. CHANDLER. The continuous receipts
that are coming in, as with banks and banking
institutions.
Mr. SHERMAN. But we know beforehand
that no receipts that will come in will be sufficient
to pay the certificates of deposit.
Mr. CHANDLER. Aie you not receiving the
notes daily for the seven and three tenths per cent.
Treasury notes? Are you not receiving them
from day to day for these five per cent, certificates?
Are you not receiving them for duties? Are you
not icecivmg them for every liability of the Gov-
ern ment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan does not seem to understand the difference
between a loan and a deposit—a deposit which
may be called for at any moment,and a loan which
cannot be callcd for for two, three, or four years,
whatevei the time is.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ohio
will pardon me for saying that, unfortunately, I
cannot make him understand the difference be-
tween them. [Laughter.] That is the trouble.
This is a matter with which I have been familiar
for thirty yeais. It is absurd to talk about keep-
ing your notes on hand to be ready to pay these
certificates. How could a bank pay five, three,
or one per cent, interest, if they had to keep on
hand the identical sum deposited to meet the de-
posit on which it is paying interest r I cannot
make the Senator understand a plain business
proposition. It is probably on account of my own
obtusencss that I cannot do it; but this is a mat-
ter of life-long experience with me. 1 know, as a
banker and as a merchant, that no hanker or mer-
chant in the habit of receiving deposits on call
keeps scarcely a moiety of the amount on hand
to meet that call. He leceives to-day on deposit
at five per cent. $100,000. He cannot pay five
percent, if he keeps that $100,000 on hand to
meet it; he cannot pay one per cent.; he cannot
pay a mill But he pnys the five per cent, on call,
and he relies upon to-morrow's receipts to meet
to-day's liability, and to-morrow's receipts meet
it. So it is with the Government. In a thousand
and one ways you aie in daily receipt of enough
to meet the daily call upon you for the redemp-
tion ot these cfinfieates. 1, therefore, move that
l'$50,000,000" be stricken outand £C$100,000,000"
insei Led, ami T hehe\eit will be found of essentia^
benefit to the Government, and an essential relief
to the Tieasnry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend will not
insist on that amendment. Fifty millions is all
the Secretary asks for.
Mr. CHANDLER, I think he is mistaken.
I think he wants more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well,tbat is all he wants
at present.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw it on the
suggestion of the Senator.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. HOWE. I understand this is a proposi-
tion to allow these deposits to be increased from
$25,000,000 to $50,000,000. Am I right?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes sir; that is it.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan, and I am forced to
come to a conclusion directly opposite from his.
1 am forced to believe that it is a proposition on
the part of the Government to pay tne bankers
$2,500,000 for circulating their notes instead of
the notes of the United States, at the same time
that we furnish the banks with the means of re-
deeming their own circulation, in case of a panic
and run on them. That is the construction that I
put upon it. We propose to allow the banks to
deposit the notes of the United States, and to re-
ceive five per cent, on them, and they are for the
time being withdrawn from circulation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. They are
paid into the Treasury and put into circulation
instantly.
Mr. HOWE. Then the idea of the Senator is
that the Government will borrow these notes of
the banks paying five per cent, on them, prom-
ising to repay them or to refurnish them on de-
mand or within ten days, and pay them right out
again; so that when the $50,000,000 have been
deposited and paid out, the Government is indebted
to the amount of $50,000,000 payable on demand
without a dollar to meet it. Then I am mistaken
in saying that it is a proposition to pay $2,500,000
to the banks for the privilege of having them cir-
culate their notes instead of ours. It is simply a
proposition for the Government to become bank-
rupt in sixty days. That it is morally dishonest
for the Government to assume to pay $50,000,000
on demand with not a dollar to pay it with, seems
to me perfectly apparent. I hope the Govern-
ment does not mean to assume any such obliga-
tion, and I do not believe it does. If ltundertakes
to borrow $50,000,000 on demand or payable in
ten days' time, it means to preserve a fund to meet
that obligation. There is no doubt about it in the
world. I take it, no bank in the world would
agree to pay interest on its deposits, even for so
short a period of time as thirty days, if it were
not receiving deposits every day, which the Gov-
ernment is not; and even then I understand it is
a losing business with the banks to pay interest
on deposits for that time. If this is intended as
a permanent arrangement, let the time be ex-
tended. If the assumption is thattheGovernment
is not going to be called upon to pay these certifi-
cates, then extend the time for which they are to
run. If you say they are going to lun six or
twelve months, put it on the face of the certificates.
Why put the Government in the position of prom-
ising to pay money on demand or within a few
days which you know they cannot pay? The
Government may not be dishonored; but you put
the risk upon the Government and not upon the
banks. My own idea is that these notes, or a
large portion of them, would be retired from cir-
culation, and the banks would put their notes in
circulation in place of them, and they would hold
the certificates of the Government which compel
the Government, in case the notes of the bank
were returned for redemption, to furnish a note
made a legal tender on demand with which they
can r< deem their own notes. That is my under-
I standing of the operation of the measure; and I
! think $25,000,000 of them is as much risk as the
i Government can take.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this prop-
osition is so perfectly plain to me, as a business
man, that I do not pieeisely understand how I am
to make it plain* r than 1 undertook to do before.
It is simply borrowing $50,000,000 at five percent,
interest; that is the whole of it. But the Senator
I says we shall have nothing on hand with which
i to pay it. Have you notauthonzed the emission
: of $500,000,000 of bonds and seven and three
i tenths per cent. Treasury notes? Have you not
