1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
man from New York covers the case entirely, I
have no objection to its being adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to know from the
chairman of the Committee oil Military Affairs
what is meant by the words " whether mustered
into actual service or not," and how many that
phraseology will embrace?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will explain it with
great pleasure. It refers to a portion of the regi-
ment commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Gro-
ver, which was in the trenches at Lexington, but
which was never regularly mustered into service.
The regiment was raised, and it proceeded with
its organization to a certain point, and it was in
what was thought to be an emergency that they
were sent off to occupy the fortifications at Lex-
ington. There being no regular mustering officer
to muster them in, they went withoutbeingmus-
tered, and remained there a considerable length of
time, and were then taken prisoners. They were
afterwards dismissed from the service, or rather
parolled. Having never been mustered into the
service, they were never mustered out, and there
is no law under which they can be paid. Lieu-
tenant Colonel Grover received a wound from
which he subsequently died.
The same remarks apply to the command of
Lieutenant Colonel White, who commanded a
part of a regiment in the neighborhood of Lex-
ington, and which occupied the intrenchments at
Lexington from the time the force was first raised.
There were three or four companies of them.
They were never mustered into the service; and
theyare not,underany law upon the statute-book,
entitled to pay. They have never been paid a
cent, and they never can be paid a cent until we
pass a law to pay them. There are several other
parts of regiments in Missouri who stand upon
the same footing.
Mr. DAWEy. The explanation of the gentle-
man from Missouri is perfectly satisfactory as far
as the men to whom lie refers are concerned. But
I desire to call his attention to the phraseology of
this section, which says that the "men who were
actually employed" shall receive the pay and
bounty as in cases of regular enlistments.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. "Or in the service."
Mr. DAWES. As the section now stands it
applies to any men who were actually employed,
and whose employment has been by the direction
of, or approved by, any of these commanding
generals.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That difficulty has been ob-
viated by an amendment which has already been
adopted.
Mr. HOLM AN. In order to perfect the section,
I move to insert m the fifth line of the first sec-
tion, after the word "the," the word " military,"
and after the word " service" the words " of the
United States," so that it shall road, " or in the
military service of the United States."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
in reference to the operation of this law. The
department of the West has been but recently es-
tablished, and I wish to know whether the pro-
visions of this section apply only to cases which
have occurred up to the time of the passage of this
bill, or whether it will apply to all persons who
may hereafter be appointed or employed in like
manner?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It was not intended
to apply to the future, and I do not believe it does.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I do not suppose it was so
intended.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly not; and
if the gentleman will show that it actually does,
I would be glad to have it amended in that respect.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I think it well to have any
such construction guarded against. I do not see
anything to prevent such a construction.
Mr. McKNiGHT. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri in inference to the mean-
ing of the words " pay and bounty as in eases of
regular enlistments." I understand that to be $100
to each man who serves during the war. Do 1 un-
derstand that the Committee on Military Atiairs
proposes to give that same amount to those who
arc employed only one month?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Not unless they arc
once enlisted.
Mr. McKNiGHT. I never understood that
that provision was to cover irregular enlistments,
if they have not served.
Mr. BLAlil, of Missouri. They will not be
entitled to a bounty under this act.
Mr. McKNiGHT. I fear it will be so con-
strued.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I concur with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania: and I remember
that when the gentleman from Illinois, last ses-
sion, moved to extend this bounty to three months'
men, he opposed it, and he docs not now design
to give the men enlisted in Missouri an advantage
over three months' men. I propose to forward
his views by offering an amendment.
The amendment was read for information, as
follows:
Add to section three the following proviso:
Provided, That the bounty heiem allowed to officer5?,
non-commi^ioned officers, musicians, or privates, their
wives or shall not ho payable unless their term of
enlistment shall be oi' .such duration as by existing laws
would entitle them to bounty.
The SPEAKER. There are now four or five
amendments informally pending, and the Chair
will put them in their order.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Phelps, of California; and it was agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. White, of Ohio, was
then adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 now move to amend by
striking out the word " were," in the fifth line, j
and inserting, "have been heretofore;" so that
the clause will read, "and men who have been
heretofore actually employed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUTLERS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I rise to a
privileged question. I am instructed, by the spe-
cial committee on contracts, to report the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on Army contiact< bo in-
structed to examine nitoihoalleced abuses connected with
the system oi >.utlcr  m the At my ; as to the policy of abol-
ishing entnely or le^ulatm? that system, il' consistent with
the interest of oui bOldicr*.
The resolution was adopted.
ABUSJE 03? TIIE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COLFAX. I have received from the Post
Office Department an unofficial communication
reciting certain facts in reference to the abuse of
the franking puvilege, and though unofficial I have
thought it best to call the attention of the House
to the facts stated therein. It states that inform-
ation has been communicated to the Department
that various members of Congress state that per-
sons in the military servicc frequently request
them to place their frank upon blank envelopes to
be carried away and used elsewhere, and to cover
matter unknown to them; that letter envelopes,
without any inclosures, and without address, but j
apparently bearing the frank of a member of Con- !
gress, are being circulated among the camps; that j
Much envelopes are being sold by sutlers and
others at one and two cents apiece; that such en- j
vclopes are inclosed in letters directed to persons
in various parts of the United States, to be used
by such distant persons to cover their own cor-
respondence in return; and that whole packages
of such envelopes have been franked fraudulently
by persons in this city writing the name of a
member thereon, and thus sent into the camps to
be disposed of. It is stated that the Department,
through its special agents and by instructions and
otherwise, have endeavored to correct this abuse;
but that the abuse has become so great as to de-
mand some authoritative intervention. As there
is already a law upon this subject, I have not
thought it best to introduce a resolution upon the
subject, supposing that the abuse could be pre-
vented by merclycalhtigtheattcntionoftheHouse
to the facts which 1 have narrated,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would inquire of the
gentleman if a law does not now exist which pro-
hibits this abuse of the franking privilege >
Mr. COLFAX. The law is positive that letters
can only be franked when written by a member
or by his order. As I stated on a previous occa-
sion, while the law existed requiring the prepay-
ment of letters by soldiers, and they were unable
to procure stamps, this use of franked envelopes
was not interfered with by the Post Office Depart-
ment; but since a law has been passed -allowing;
soldiers to send their letters without prepayment:
of postage, and as every other army away from
the Potomac are compelled to obey the law, it is
but just to put our soldiers here upon an equal
footing with all other soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will not the gentleman,
present the matter in the shape of a resolution ?
Mr. COLFAX. I could not offer a resolution
stronger than the law itself. I have simply recited
the facts to the House, and stated the law, think-
ing that would be sufficient to remedy the evil.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of the bill (H. R.
Wo. 135) to amend the act of July 20,1861, grant-
ing a bounty of $100 to certain soldiers who have
enlisted in the armies of the United States, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Al-
len] was entitled to the floor.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever any person who shall have enlisted in the
Army for a service of two years, or for the term
of the war, shall have been disabled from perform-
ing his two years5 service by reason of wounds
received in action or in the performance of his
military service, or other disability occurring dur-
ing such service, and shall have been honorably
discharged by reason of such wound or disability,
he shall be entitled to receive the bounty of $100
provided by the act of Congress passed July 20,
1861, in like manner as if he had been honorably
discharged after service during the full term of his
enlistment.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to slightly amend the bill I reported,
by inserting after " two years," in the fourth line,
the words " or more."
There being no objection, the bill was amended
accordingly.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. It seems tome, Mr. Speaker,
to be a grave objection to this bill, that it discrim-
inates against the soldiers who enlisted for three
months, and only favors those who enlisted under
the legislation of the last session of Congress. A
soldier who enlisted under the legislation last
session, and who has been discharged after serv-
ing one or two months, is entitled to the benefits
of the bounty, but the soldier who enlisted for
three months, and was as meritorious in every
respect, if he served for the same period or longer,
and was then dischaiged in consequence of wounds
or disability, he is not entitled to any bounty.
That discrimination is very unjust, and I rnoUe
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions so to amend
it as that its provisions shall he extended to the
soldiers who were enlisted for three months under
the first, call of the President of the United States.
Mr. ALLEN. The object of this bill is simply
to amend the act of July last m this particular,
which had no reference at all to the three months'
soldiers. It is to extend the bounty, provided by
that act for the three years5 soldiers, to such sol-
diers as may have been discharged before the
expiration of their term by reason of wounds or
other disability received in the service.
If the gentleman wishes to provide a bounty of
$100 for the three months' soldiers, he will have
to get up an original bill. The bill of July last
made no provision for a bounty of $100 for the
three months' soldiers, whose terms had already
expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether, under the provisions of this bill, a sol-
dier who enlisted under the legislation of last ses-
sion and served one month, and was then dis-
charged in consequence of wounds or sickness, is
not entitled to a bounty of $100? 1 would ask
him further, if it is the intention of the Committee
on Military Affairs to report a bill conferring the
