142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
same benefits on the soldiers who enlisted for
three months?
Mr. ALLEN. It was not the purpose of the
committee to interfere with any rights the sol-
diers might have had who were enlisted for three
months. I, for one, have no objection to extend-
ing them every favor in my power. But the act
of July last provided no bounty for such soldiers.
It simplyprovided a bounty of $100for those who
enlistedforthreeyears,orduringthe war,and who
actually served two years. Instances have already
occurred in which persons who enlisted for three
years, or during the war, have, by reason of se-
vere injuries or wounds received in the service,
been honorably discharged from service; and it
seems to me that justice requires, under such cir-
cumstances, that those persons should receive the
bounty which was promised to those who enlisted
for three years, or during the war.
I would have no objection to considering a prop-
osition of the kind referred to by the gentleman
from Indiana; but it seems to me that this bill
ought not to be incumbered by any such amend-
ment as is proposed in the instruction. I ask the
House to vote down the proposition of the gen-
tleman, and pass this bill; and if he desires a bill
of the nature he has indicated, let him introduce
a separate and original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman whether
he knows any reason why a discrimination should
be made in favor of one class of soldiers and against
the other class when they have performed exactly
the same service ? I put that question to him. The
soldier who enlisted for three months and served
one month, and was wounded on the battle-fields
of Western Virginia and discharged from the ser-
vice gets no bounty at all, bat the gentleman pro-
poses to give a bounty of §100 to the soldier who
enlisted under the act of last session, and after
serving one month was wounded and discharged.
I protest against this system of partial legislation
—a system which discriminates between cases of
exactly the same character. Sir, if there is any
class of men who have been in the service of the
United States who are entitled to peculiar consid-
eration, it is that class who, upon the impulse of
the moment, without a moment's hesitation, aban-
doning their homes and occupations, promptly re-
sponded to the call of the President of the United
States, and rallied around the flag of their coun-
try to defend its honor. Iam not willing, for one,
that a bill should pass this House discriminating
against them in cxactly the same cases, and where
the rule ought to have exactly the same applica-
tion.
The gentleman ought not to tell me to introduce
another bill. The President has called the atten-
tion of Congress to the fact, that in consequence
oftheaumber of laws passed on the same subject,
our statutes have become unnecessarily volumin-
ous. We duplicate and triplicate bills upon pre-
cisely the same subjects, and it is an evil of which
the citizens of the country are now complaining.
This bill, in its very nature, admits of application
to both classes of soldiers, and the principle is pre-
cisely the same in both cases.
Mr. ALLEN". I wish to say, in reply to the gen-
tleman, that I am not at all in favor of making any
discrimination between the three months'soldiers
and those who have enlisted for a longer period
of time; but the bill I propose has reference to the
act of July last, which gives bounty to the three
years'soldiers. If there was no provision in that
act giving bounty to the three months' soldiers it
was not particularly my fault; at least the gentle-
man and every other member of the House had
the same opportunity to propose such bounty that
I had.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state that the
House, at the extra session, by a very large ma-
jority, voted down a proposition togivc this bounty
to the three months' soldiers, and the Committee
on Military Affairs considers itself instructed not
to propose to the House a measure which was so
decidedly voted down at the last session.
I desire to make the additional remark that I
understand this bounty to have been given in order
to hold out an inducement to the three years'men
to enlist. At the time this legislation took place
the time of the three months' soldiers had about
expired', and it wasdeemed necessary and import-
ant to hold out an inducement for enlistment for
three years. That I suppose was the reason, to
a great extent, upon which the House acted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Did the House,
at the last session, or ever, vote down a proposi-
tion to give bounty to the three months'men who
should be actually disabled in the service ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know whether
it was in that form or not; but I know that a prop-
osition to give bounty to the three months' men
was voted down.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My rccollcction
is—though I will not be entirely confident about
it—that the House did reject a proposition to give
to all the three months' men, indiscriminately, a
bounty; but never, I think, did the House vote
to give to one class of soldiers who should be act-
ually disabled in the service any bounty which
was withheld from another. I think the bill—
which I remember with tolerable distinctness—
contained no such provision, and that no such
amendment was offered; but that the objection
was that the three months' men, indiscriminately,
were to receive a bounty that would discourage
enlistment for a longer period, and that the with-
holding of that provision would encourage enlist-
ment for a longer period; and therefore it was that
the House took the action to which the gentleman
refers. But I think he will find that it never was
the intention of the House, or the cffect of any bill,
to withhold from any class of soldiers bounty if
they had been disabled by wounds in il\% service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the chairman
of the Military Committee to say that the reason
why this bill did not cmbrace wounded soldiers
who had enlisted for three months was, that the
vote of the House at last session was against it,
and that the motive for increasing the bounty to
three years'men to $100 was to induce enlistment.
Does the gentleman pretend to say that the induce-
ment held out was that a soldier being wounded,
after service for one day, would be entitled to the
bounty ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly I pretend
to say that. 1 pretend to say that, when the Con-
gress of the United States passes a law that every
man who shall enlist for three years shall be enti-
tled to a bounty of $100 on his being honorably
discharged, a man who is honorably discharged the
day after his enlistment is entitled to the bounty.
Mr. HOLMAN, If that be the effect of the
present law, why do you want to pass another
bill for that purpose? I am in favor of it, but I
object to discrimination against one class of sol-
diers in favor of another class.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is probable that
both the committee and the House were very un-
fortunate in conveying their meaning in the bill
of last session, or else those gentlemen who exe-
cute that law were unfortunate in notunderstand-
ing it. It was the distinct understanding of the
House, at any rate, when it passed that bill, that
every man who enlisted for a term of three years
and who was honorably discharged, even if within
the term, should bo entitled to bounty; but the
Department has construed it differently, whether
properly or not, I do not pretend to say. The
House has determined to carry out its original
meaning, and that is the reason why this legisla-
tion is necessary—a legislation which I rejoice to
see the gentleman from Indiana is in favor of.
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana that the biil which was to-day
postponed until February—the bill reported from
the Committee on Public Lands—contained a pro-
vision for granting bounty to soldiers who had
enlisted for three months.
Mr. HOLMAN. And to three years'soldiers
also.
Mr. ALLEN. Perhaps it did. It may not have
passed the recollection of the House that a letter
from the Second Auditor was read yesterday,
which construes the law of July 20 as applying
simply to those who serve for two years, and pre-
vents those who have not served for two years from
receiving bounty, when they have been honorably
discharged. I am inclined to believe that the con-
struction given by the Auditor is correct, although
it was probably through the inadvertence of the
committee that the provision was not made to ex-
tend to soldiers who might be disabled in the ser-
vice. I trust the House will not accede to the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the motion
to recommit with instructions.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at five minutes before four
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 19, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a petition, most exten-
sively signed by citizens of Massachusetts, call-
ing upon Congress to emancipate the slaves, with-
outcompensation for the slaves of rebels and with
compensation for the slaves of loyalists. This
petition is signed by John E. Lodge, of Boston,
and two thousand and sixty-one others. In offer-
ing it, I may mention that Air. Lodge, who head s
this petition, is one of the most distinguished mer-
chants of the country, whose cargocs and whose
ships are now afloaton every sea. His early life
and his first fortunes were in the South, at New
Orleans. He is familiar with this question of sla-
very, as a practical question, where he has lived;
and now, in the maturity of his life, and with the
great responsibilities of his business on hand,he
appears here as a petitioner, calling for the eman-
cipation of slaves as a military necessity. I offer
this petition, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another memorial from
citizens of the town of China, in the county of
Wyoming, State of New Yoik, in which they ask
that slavery shall be immediately abolished by
Federal enactments, such as may be necessary to
secure that end; and they further ask thai Con-
gress will make provision for making amends to
the enslaved when they shall have been set at
liberty, by conveying to them titles to land alien-
ated by the rebels, and by providing for them
educational and other needful facilities. I ask the
reference of this memorial to the Committee oil
the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
^Mr. SUMNER also presented the petition of
K. Heinzer and others, citizens of Boston and
Roxbury,in the State of Massachusetts, praying
Congress to emancipate the slaves, without com-
pensation for the slaves of rebels and with com-
pensation for the slaves of loyalists; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Thomas Cor-
nell and others, citizens of Kingston, Ulster coun-
ty, in the State of New York, praying Congress
to emancipate the slaves, without compensation
for the slaves of rebels and with compensation
for the slaves of loyalists; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
He also presented the petition of A. B Clark
and others, citizens of Northampton, in the State
of Massachusetts, praying Congress to emancipate
the slaves, without compensation for the slaves
of rebels and witli compensation for the slaves of
loyalists; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Lyman Cooi-
idge and others, citizens of Bolton, in the State of
Massachusetts, praying Congress to emancipate
the slaves, without compensation for the slaves of
rebels and with compensation for the slaves of
loyalists; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of J.
B. Grinnell and one hundred and forty-four others,
citizens ofGrmnell, Iowa, asking the passage of
a law for the establishment of a national armory
at Rock Island, in the State of Illinois. As 1
understand that my colleague has previously in-
troduced a bill on this subject, which has'been
favorably reported, and is now on the Calendar
awaiting the action of the Senate, 1 move that this
memorial,for the present, lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE presented thepctition of A. Haines
and eighty others, citizens of Preble county, in
the State of Ohio, praying that John C. Fremont
may be created Lieutenant General of the Army of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
