1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the relief of the loyal Indians is because the tri-
bal organization has made war upon us, and there-
fore our treaties with those tribes have ceased to
exist, and that hence, as a matter of equity, we
ought to pay the amount of money due to the
loyal Indians that would otherwise have been paid
to the whole. It is only in that way that we can
justify ourselves in expending money for the re-
lief of the loyal Indians. If you leave the treaties
to stand as the Senator proposes, or leave it to
the good nature of the President to let them stand,
and appropriate thislarge sum of money besides,
we shall substantially have to feed and support
the loyal Indians, and after a while we shall be
called upon to comply with the treaty stipulations
and pay the money over to the tribes.
It may be true that this Administration were
deceived in appointing men to office. I have no
doubt of that; I have always thought so, and I
have said that they appointed more of their ene-
mies than their friends to office; bu t that is neither
here nor there; these treaties are the law of the
land. The United States have always carried them
into execution, and generally more than carried
them into execution. If the Indians have now
their tribal organizations arrayed against the Gov-
erment, the treaties are themselves void, and they
can be so treated by the United States. I think
in that case it should be the duty of the President
to proclaim them null and void. It will be very
easy after this war is over, to negotiate with the
Indian tribes. If' we do not pay out to the loyal
Indians as much as is due to the whole tribe, we
can provide for that in future treaties. I believe
it would be a wise act of policy as well as a wise
act of power to get rid of all the treaties with the
Creeks, Seminoles, and Cherokee Indians now.
Many of them are very harsh against the United
States; many of them are unjust against the Uni-
ted States; and if they by piosecuting war against
the United States have given us an opportunity
according to the laws of war to abolish those trea-
ties and commence a new leaf with them, I think
we ought to improve the occasion. I have no
doubt that future treaties with those tribes will be
negotiated by very different men. Three or four
years ago we had treaties with the Seminoles,
Creeks, and Cherokees, and all of them were very
harsh and unjust against the United States. I
should be very glad of the opportunity to get rid of
them, and hereafter make new treaties with them.
If there shall be money due to these tribes, we can
then by new treaties provide for its payment. I
have no doubt that the Government of the United
States will always be liberal and gpnerous to the
Indian tribes, and will always forbear and treat
with leniency any departure from treaty obliga-
tions on their part.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that he modify his amendment, so
that we shall not pay any money except where
the treaty is declared void, and then we get rid of
all this apprehension.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is done.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would not direct the Pres-
ident absolutely to annul them; but if he does
annul them we can pay over the money to the
friendly Indians, and not be called upon after-
wards to pay to the whole tribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where war exists, where
tlieie is actual armed hostility to the United States,
the President declares the treaties abrogated, and
only in that case. He must judge of the hostility.
If the President says there is no actual hostility,
as a matter of course he will not issue a procla-
mation; but when the fact is ascertained that war
exists by the tribe against the United States, then
it is made his duty to declare that fact, and then
the treaties terminate, and he is authorized to use
the amount of money necessary to relieve the loyal
Indians of the tribe.
Mr. SIMMONS. That does not avoid the ob-
jection made by the Senator from Wisconsin, that
this is directing the President. He may think that
these people have been misled into this war, de-
laded into it. He may forbear to make the decla-
ration against them. I think he ought to have the
power to forbear. I do not like the idea of having
everything absolute against our own President,
like the laws of the Medes and Persians.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senate will
take no action on the subject of annulling the
treaties with these Indian tribes. If you will look
at the situation of these tribes you will see that
they have done nothing more than they were com-
pelled to do. Here were Arkansas and Texas on
the east and south of them, and they were really
surrounded by a hostile population. Not one
single tribe, as a tribe, has declared war against
the Government. Ross, the chief of the Chero-
kees, was imprisoned by the rebels until he ac-
quiesced in their action. We want these eight
thousand Indians fed. They are upon us. They
were thrown upon the department without notice
of any kind. I was in Kansas with the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs at the time he took steps
to feed these Indians, and I know, and I assure
the Senate, that he took every means to protect
the Government against expense. He appointed
a merchant to purchase the goods. Those goods
were to be turned over to the superintendent of
Indian affairs there,Mr. Coffin,and by him turned
over to the agents of the tribes. I have no more
doubt than of any other thing that has not trans-
pired, that the expedition that is now going down
to that country will, in a few days, restore every
one of these tribes to the banner of the country.
There is an expedition now starting through that
country, and the Indians, I doubt not, will be
restored to their loyalty; they will return, gladly
return.
Mr. WADE. I am satisfied we shall get no
vote on this bill to-day, and I want a short execu-
tive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the last amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the suggestion of Sen-
ators, I will modify my amendment by striking
out the words " and required."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. HARLAN. Is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to be added to what is already in
the original bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed
as a new section at the close of the original bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I ani inclined to think
it will not reach the difficulty contemplated by the
Indian Bureau. If the President should not ab-
rogate these treaties, he would not be able to use
any of these funds, and these destitute Indians
would be unprovided for.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has no right to use
them.
Mr. HARLAN. If this amendment shall be
rejected, I will propose to add to the proviso, as
it now stands in the original bill, the following
words:
And the President is authorized to apply said funds of
any such tribe, or so much thereof as may be necessary, for
the relief of Mich members thereof as have remained loyal to
Hie United States, dud have been or may be driven from
their homes.
The case is simply this: the Indians have been
driven from their homes; and in pursuance of a
law passed at this session of Congress, their an-
nuities have been anticipated, or, rather, the an-
nuities belonging to the members of the tribes
who have been driven off, have been exhausted.
The Interior Department proposed that $200,000
should be appropriated forthe use of these Indians
until their crops should be matured. The Senate
has failed to make this appropriation, or any part
of it; so that the Department is now without any
means whatever at its disposal to provide for the
wants of these Indians. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, as it was originally proposed,
required the President to abrogate the treaties
with the disloyal Indians, and then authorized
him, as I understood it, to use aproportion of the
funds, or the whole of them, if necessary, to pro-
vide for the wants of the destitute Indians who
are now away from their homes, some seven or
eight thousand of them, in the State of Kansas.
Under the amendment he now proposes, leaving
it entirely discretionary with the President, if he
should notabiogate the treaties, the Department
would have no fund with which to relieve the
destitute Indians.
Mr.GRIMES. Ishouldlike tohavetheopinion
of some of our constitutional lawyers whether or
not we ha\u a right to take this money from the
tribe while the treaty is a valid subsisting treaty,
and no state of war has been proclaimed by the
President as existing between us and them, and
appropriate it to any other purpose than that speci-
fied in the treaty. It seems to me it all turns on
that. Preliminary to our taking the money; it is
first necessary, I understand, that the President
shall make this proclamation. The amendment
of the Senator from Ohio requires, preliminary to
our taking the money from the tribe and convert-
ing it to a separate use—for it is a separate use
when you give it to an individual member of the
tribe instead of to its regular constituted author-
ities—that a proclamation shall be issued. Now,
I want to know of my legal friends whether it is
competent for us to act in this way until we-do
adopt that preliminary step which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubt that in
our relations with the Indian tribes they are un-
der our Constitution to be regarded by us the same
as foreign nations; at all events we treat with them
as such. We can hold on to any money in our
hands which is going to them as to a foreign na-
tion or a nation distinct from ourselves. If for
any reason we are satisfied that they have vio-
lated their treaty with us, and if they are at war
with us, we can withhold that money; and more
than all that, it is perfectly within our power to
take the money which would go to them if they
had remained loyal, and expend that money upon
those who are loyal. I have no doubt about that,
and that is the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. Does that arise from anything
except that we are the superior power? If they
stand, as the Senator says they do, under the
Constitution as a separate independent nation, and
we treat with them as such, have we, without re-
garding them in a state of war, a right to take
their money and give it to individual members of
the tribe, in place of paying it to the tribal organ-
ization ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They are in a state of war,
and recognized as such, and this bill recognizes
them as such.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any way of recogniz-
ing a nation in a state of war except through the
executive authority ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly; Congress de-
clares war.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. If the treaty stip-
ulations are abrogated, there will be no fund to
distribute among the Indians, and there will have
to be an appropriation for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that then the money already appropriated, and
appropriated by this bill for these very Indians,
will be applied under the provisions of this sec-
tion to the relief of the loyal Indians.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Does the amend-
ment contemplate that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; that in case the
treaties are abrogated, all the moneys appropri-
ated shall be applied to the loyal Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. There was a very large mis-
take made in adding up the costunder my amend-
ment. It occurred in this way; I gave it to a clerk
to copy, and in copying it and making out the ab-
stract I gave him, he has added on one figure too
many. I never cast my eye over it until my at-
tention was called to it by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. The sum of $44,520 at
the end of the third page of the amendment should
be §7,080. It was a mere clerical error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Agreeably to
the suggestion of the Senator from California, that
correction will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the original
bill by adding at the end of the proviso on the last
page the following:
And the President is authorized to apply said funds, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for the relief ul such
tribe or tribes as have remained loyal to the United States,
and have been driven from their homes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this amendment should
be put on the bill, it is making another provision
for the same thing that is already provided for by
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and it
is under no guards whatever. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio guards the
expenditure by providing for an account which is
to be rendered of all the payments that are made;
and this amendment omits that entirely. One
great object is to guard the expenditure of this
