144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
with me to cat my Christmas dinner at home with
my family) and I desire not to be debarred from
that privilege at this time, unless there should be
some absolute necessity, of which I am not aware s
for the Senate remaining in session.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that there is another amendment
that must be made, no matter how you dispose of
this resolution. I am disposed to vote for his
amendment; that is, to postpone the time for the
adjournment untiiMonday, butas this resolution
comes to us from the House of Representatives,
it is a joint resolution that the House shall ad-
journ, and not that Congress shall adjourn. It
resolves, the Senate concurring, that the House
shall adjourn for a certain period of time. I do
not think that both Houses together can agree to
that. We may agree that Congress shall adjourn,
or that the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives shall adjourn
their respective Houses from the day fixed to any
other day we mention; but as the resolution stands
it is an absurdity.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the reading of the res-
olution.
The VtCE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the House
adjourns on Thursday next, it adjourn to meet on Monday,
the 6th day of January next, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend by putting
the resolution in its proper form:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Reprei-entatives be authorized to adiourn
their respective Houses from three o'clock,p.m.,onMon-
day next, until twelve o'eluckon the 6th of January.
Mr. CARLILE. Say £hc 3d of January.
Mr. BAYAllD. I offer the amendment m the
shape I have indicated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt that the
House resolution was put in its present shape by
design, as it was probable the House were under
the impression that the Senate might desire to re-
main here in executive session considering other
matters. I imagine the resolution came from the
House with that view: that the House adjourn
over from to-day until the 6th of January, the
Senate-concurring, leaving the Senate, if it thought
proper, to remain for the transaction of executive
business.
Mr. CARLILE. It has been suggested to me
that Thursday is the 2d day of January, and Mon-
day is really the 6th—the day fixed. Senators
seem unwilling to adjourn for any considerable
time, and appear anxious to have an adjournment
just during tne holidays. I am willing to accept
the suggestion that has been made to me to fix the
time for our reassembling on the 2d of January.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
amend the resolution by striking out all after the
word " that," and inserting the following:
The Speaker of the House of llepirseniativcs and the
Piosidont of the Senate do adjourn their lespeettvc Ilousec
on Monday next, ar thiee o'clock, until the second day of
Januuiy next, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. KING. Would it be in order to make a
motion that when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
after this is disposed of.
Mr. KING. I ask whether it would not take
precedence of this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. WADE. I am opposed to adjourning at
this time. I do not think that under present cir-
cumstances the great council of the nation ought
to desert its postforso longa period. Myopinion
is that we ought to be very vigilant, that we ought
to be here, and therefore J am opposed to this
long adjournment. The resolution contemplates
an adjournment much longer than I have ever
known Congress to take—some two weeks or
more. Certainly, this is a peculiar time, and the
condition of the country is such that if we ever
ought to be here, we ought to be h^re now. I am
opposed to the adjournment, and I move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not debatable, I
believe: but if the Senator will allow me, I wish
to say 
Mr. WADE. I am willing to withdraw my
motion if the Senator will renew it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will; and withdraw it
for any other gentleman who wants to make re-
marks. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. I do not think I can consent to
that.
Mr. KING. Let us vote, and lay it on the
table at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of that
course.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays on
his motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biowning,Chandler, Fessendcn, Grimes,
Hale, llaiian, Ilarns, J-Iowc, Kin", Lane of Indiana, Mor-
liil, Poineioy, Sumnei, Thomson, Tiumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bright, Carlilc, Cow-
an, Dixon, Foot, Fo&tei, Johnson ot Tennc^ee, Kennedy,
Latham, McDougall, Nesmith, Peaicc, ltice, fcsaulsbuiy,
Sherman, Wilkinson, and Willey—19.
Mr. COLL A MER,( when his name was called.)
I have paired off with the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Simmons] on this question. I am
against the adjournment.
"So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN I move that the further
consideiation of the resolution be postponed until
Monday next; and I wish to say a word or two
upon the subject. I agree with my friend from
Ohio that we ought not to set such an example,
especially at this particular time. I believe that
no resolution of this sort has ever been passed by
Congress. We have been in the habit heretofore
of disposing of the holidays by each House ad-
journing from Thursday to Monday, and from
Monday to Thursday, and from Thursday to the
next Monday, allowing ordinarily ten days, the
President and a member meiely meeting on the
Thursdays and Mondays for the purpose of ad-
journing, with the understanding that no business
should be done. 1 presume there will be no kind
of objection to doing that this year; and it will
afford to my friend from Virginia ample opportu-
nity to eat his turkey in his own house. I take
it ten days will be enough for that purpose. lap-
peal to my friends on this side of the House, do
not let us at this time, in the peculiar condition of '
the country, when we have just met, and have
done no business as yet, do a thing that has never ;
been done before to my knowledge. I do not think 1
the people will justify us in it. I think wo shall
look badlybefore the country if we do it. I should :
be as glad to go home as anybody; but I think we
ought not, in order to gratify ourselves, undertake
to adjourn over for so long a period of time when
our attendance may be required here. At any rate,
I hope we shall not do it before Monday next.
By that time we may possiby have further light
on the subject,
Mr. McDOUGALL. In favoring action here
of course I have no hope of visiting my home
pending any adjournment. I think, however, that
what is true of myself is probably true of all Sen-
ators. If they have had nn opportunity to read the
communications from the executive Departments
of the Government, they certainly have not been
able to master them, or understand the various
problems that should initiate legislation. In fa-
voring an adjournment now, I do it not merely as
a holiday adjournment, but for a little more care-
ful woik thcui can be done wheu we are being dis-
turbed here doing nothing; for what as yet has
been done? I should like to be able to withdraw
myself from the annoyances of business, where
nothing is to be transacted, that I might study the
questions that arc before the Senate and Congress;
and I favor the consideration of the resolution for
that reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution until Monday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will suggest to the Senator
from Maine to move to postpone it until to-mor-
row, if we meet to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think we shall
meet to-morrow.
M r. ANTHONY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations desires we should.
If we postpone it until to-morrow, then we can
postpone it to Monday; or if we do not meet to-
morrow that postpones it till Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me it would be
better to postpone this lesolution until Monday.
I agree with what my friend, the Senator from
Maine, has said. Indeed I should state it oven
stronger. It seemstome that whatever people out
of doors may say with regard to our adjourning,
we cannot satisfy ourselves ifwc adjourn. It seems
to me that our sense of duty ought to keepushere,
at least within call, if not actually in session daily.
Next to the total abdication of our duties will be
the abandonment of them, it seems to me, forthe
time proposed. I hope we shall do no such thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone this resolution until Mon-
day next.
The question being put, there were on a dhision
—ayes 15, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us dispose of
this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw that motion, and let us dispose
of the resolution. I voted against the postpone-
ment merely because I wanted to get a direct vote
on the resolution. Iam opposed to adjourning
over; but I should like to have a vote upon it, and
not consume time by first moving to lay it on the
table, and then moving to postpone it until Mon-
day. Let us decide it now. I think if there is a
majority of the Senate determined to adjourn, they
will do it, and if there is not, let us know it now.
We can decide it to-day as well as on Monday.
Mr. WADE. I moved the adjournment simply
because there was no quorum voting on the last
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is one of ad journment, and is not
open to discussion. Does the Senator withdraw it?
Mr. WADE. I suppose there is a quorum
present now; and I will wiihuraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
returns on postponing the resolution until Mon-
day next.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but one objection to
that. I do not see why you should not decide it
at once. It is not that I care a straw which way
it is decided; the Senate may decide it as it sees
fit; but I think, the House having passed the res-
olution, and the day having come which they had
fixed, whether we purpose to amend it or reject
it, common courtesy to a coordinate body requires
that we should act upon it now.
Mr. HALE. I did not vote the last time, and
failed to make a quorum, not that I had any par-
ticular reason, except this: there is a great deal
of consequence attached to the particular posture
of our affairs at present, and I was afraid to vote
on either side for fear it might be said that I was in-
fluenced by the late news from England. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 wanted to avoid that, and therefore did
not vote at all.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone until Monday.
The yeas and nays were oidered. The Secre-
tary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. COLLAMER. In my arrangement with
Mr. Simmons to pair off, which I mentioned, it
was understood between us that if it was neces-
sary to make a quorum, I should vote. Is there
a quorum 15
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not necessary
to vote to make a quorum. There is a quorum
without the Senator.
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
18; as follows:
YCA?—M'^srs. BiowniRs, Chandler, C'owan, Fo?-en-
dtMi, Foot, ^umw, flak*, llarhwi, Howe, Kiii;:,
Lane of Indiana, Moiuil, Pomeroy. Stunner. Wat;.', and
Wihon—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. B«i_\ aid. Buuht, Caihlc. Divu,
Foster, Johnson ot Ti*mi< Kennedy, Latham, ,M< H.>:i
gall, Nesmith, Peaice. Jluv, tMubbury, Sheiman, Tium-
bull, Wilkinson, and Willey—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Virginia to the resolution of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, we have lost
in the consideration of this resolution more than
an hour, and whatever disposition is to be made
of it, I think we would save time by acting now.
If the recess is to be taken, some of us would like
to know it. If it is not, we would also desire so
to shape our action as to conform to the action of
the Senate. Ifthereisany necessity for our being
