3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
for the relief of Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck William-
son* widow ofLieutenantCharlesL. Williamson,
deceased, with the recommendation that it do not
The bill was laid on the table.
WILLIAM WIIEBt-EK IIDIiBELt.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the same committee,
reported back ii joint resolution relative to the
claim of William Wheeler Hubbeli.
The joint resolution was read. It refers the
claim of William Wheeler Hubbeli for compen-
sation for the use of his alleged patent for the
thunderbolt shell and fuse to the Court of Claims,
with instructions to report what amount is due to
the claimant for the use of his patent, including
the relinquishment of the patent to the United
States, and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the amount so repotted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
on the (able. «
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania U entitled to the floor.
Mr, MOORHEAD. Tho object of the reso-
lution is to give the Court of Claims jurisdiction
over this claim. As tho preamble to the resolu-
tion states, there is a large amount of testimony,
somcofiteonflicting,in relation to tins case, which
the Committee on Naval Affairs huve not the time
nor the means and appliances of investigating.
Mr. WASHBORNE. 1 rise to a question of
order, (submit that the resolution makes an ap-
propriation, and must be first, considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It does not. make an ap-
propriation, unless the Court of Claims report
that something is due.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
jointresolution does make an appropriation within
the meaning of the rule. It provides for tho pay-
ment of money, if found due, out of tho Treasury,
without tho necessity of further action by Con-
gress.
Mr, MOORIIBAD. To relievo the resolution
from that difficulty, I will move to strike out the
clause which makes an appropriation.
Tha SPEAKER. That could not be done, for
the reason that tin: action on such an amendment
would be consideration, which, under tho rules,
must be in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will then withdraw the
report.
Mr. l'\ A. CONKLING, [ rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether tho gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, having ben instructed
to make this report lo the House, and having made
it, con withdraw it without tho consent of the
committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the §en-
ilemnn having made his report, cannot withdraw
it without the consent, of the House. Tho Clniir
therefore sustains the question of' order, and de-
cides that tho gentleman litis not the power to
withdraw his repoit.
Mr. P. A. C0NK.L1NG. 1 wish to inquire,
then, whether the joint resolution must have its
first consideration in a Committee of the Whole
House? ! simply desire to understand its position.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair supposes ihat
the question of order raised upon it, that it makes
an appropriation, would carry it to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to recommit the
resolution to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. 1>\ A. C0NKL1NG. 1 rise to a question
of order. I wish to know whether I understood
the Chair in his statement in reference to the posi-
tion of this bill. I understood the Chair to sus-
tain the point of order that the resolution must
have its fust consideration in a Committee of the
Whole House. If that he the fact, I suppose the
motion to recommit to the Committee on Naval
Affairs is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The first statement of the
gentleman is correct. The bill, if the attempt be
made to consider it 111 the House, would of neces-
sity go, under the rules, to a Committee of the
Whole House. The Chair thinks, however, 011
the point being raised, U would be in order to move
to recommit the bill to the Committee, on Naval
Affairs. Such a motion would notiovolvea con-
aideration of tho bill within the meaning of the
rules. If the House had passed to any other bnsi-
nessafter the question of order had been raised,
the Chair would not receive the motion to recom-
mit; but the Chair at first received the proposition
to withdraw the resolution, no objection having
been made, and he thinks that, under the circum-
stances, tho gentleman should be permitted to
malie the motion to recommit.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I make the pointthat
having been instructed by the Committee on Na-
val Affairs to report the resolution to tho House,
he is neither at liberty to withdraw it nor to move
to recommit it, without the consent of tho com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the first
point of tho gentleman, but decides that he has
i the right to move to recommit.
! Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
! motion of the gentleman so as to provide that the
! resolution be referred to the Committee of the
i Whole on tile state of the Union.
| Tho House divided on the amendment; and there
i were—ayes 8, noes 40; no quorum voting.
; Mr. MOORHEAD. I am willing the joint res-
: oiution shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The joint resolution was so referred.
TV. MAXWKTX WOOD.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution relative
to the claim of W. Maxwell Wood, which was
j read a first and second time.
> The joint resolution was read at length. Itin-
| structs the Secretary of the Navy to reopen and
I examine the claim of Fleet Surgeon W. Maxwell
Wood, for duty, pay and traveling expenses on
lus return from the East Indies, by order of Com-
modore Armstrong in 1858, until he reported him-
self for duty at tho Department 111 this country.
"Mr. HOLM AN. Is there a report 111 that ease?
Mr. MOORHEAD. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject, whieh I will
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerl^read tho letter, as follows:
N-yvy Department, June IB, 1862,
Sin: 1 have tho honor to acknowledge the receiptor your
letter ol'tlie Kith in-t'mt, inclosing papers ill relation to a
claim of timgeon William M. Wood, of tho Navy.and de-
siring that the Dcpaitment will " repoit the facts, together
with shell views :is occur" to it In legend to the claim.
The facts upon which the claun is based appear to be
correctly stated in the report of.the Committee of the House
of Representative*, in May, lsjtio.wliich is among the papers
pi esented. Commodore James At motions, while command-
ing the United Slates squadron in the East Indies,bemgiu
bail health, ordered tile tlect surgeon to accompany htm on
his n'tinn to tho United States hy the oveiiand lonte. On
their ai'uval, the Dcpaitment lefused to allow the tut voting
expenses 01' Surgeon Wood or the (inly pay claimed by him.
The icasons of my piedeeo^or foi ins decision do not
appeal on I oeutd- Thev must have I elated to the inei its and
! rfjuity 01"the eiann.foi lie had legal aiitlioutv to allow it.
From ,1 ietter of the I'ointh Auditoi of the 'fieasury, Oc-
i toiler l-'f, u'incli is among the papci.-., it appear.-, that
the ehruge f.n Surgeon Wood's naveling expenses " was
: cnibiaced 111 the account presented by Commodore Arm-
' strong." Thev are now claimed by Surgeon Wood, show-
I mg that the latter has relieved Commodore Armstrong of
I his pecnniiuy liability to the Government inclined by his
; payment ofthe traveling expenses. If this was done in eon-
i sequence of any previous understanding between those
I oflieets. tho iul'eienee would be that the order fq^Surgeon
I Wood's return was issued, paitly. at least," for his own
! convenience or accommodation,'" in which case the De-
paitinent would 1101 consider lino as equitably entitled to
tile traveling expenses or duty pay claimed.
i 'Hie papetf, are herewith tetumed.
i T am, respecitully. yotli obedient servant,
; ' GIDEON VVELT.ES.
1 Hon. James K. Itfooimr.ad, i/jiwe of KcpresaUatii-cs.
j! Mr. FENTON. Willi the permission of tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania,! desire to submit
the motion to refer this case to the Committee of
i. Claims.
' Mr. MOORHEAD. I will not yield for that
purpose at present. A very few words in expla-
nation of this resolution will, I think, satisfy the
1 House of its propiicty. This Suigeon Wood was
ordered by Commodore Armstrong, then in India
in ill health, to return home with him, which he
did, coming; overland through Europe; and hav-
( ing acted in accordance with the orders of his su-
1 perior officer, he asks that his traveling expenses
may bo paid. The late Secretary ofthe Navy ex-
; .-unified the claim, and improperly, as I think,
< decided against it. The present Secretary, in con-
! sequence of a regulation of the Department not
to take up for reexamination any case decided by
< a predecessor without the direction of Congress,
j does not feel authorized to reopen the case. This
gives him that authority, and that is all there is
i: of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
if there was not a report made upon this case m
I860?
Mr. MOORHEAD. There was, and it is upon
the Clerk's desjlt; but it is very long, avid only
states substantially the facts I hove given.
Mr. BABBITT. I will observe that this bill
has been a long time pending. It is a small claim.
It was submitted to the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
and a report was made in favor of directing a re-
examination of the case in the Navy Department.
But it failed to be passed by Congress for want of
time. It was not voted down. Now, why refer
it to the Committee of Claims, where it will not
be acted on at all ? The object of this bill is to
refer this claim to the properaccounting officer, m .
the same manner as if it hadnot been acted on,
and nothing more. If there is nothing due Dr.
Wood, nothing will be paid. If there is something
due him, the Department will pay.
The sum and substancc of the matter is simply
this: he was away m the East Indies, and was
commanded by his commanding officer to accom-
pany him home. In accordance with the command
of his superior officer he did accompany him home.
He could do nothing else, unless he would subject
himself to tho liability of being charged with mu-
tiny. He could do nothing else, unless he would
set up his own judgment against the judgment o{
his superior officer—& tiling not to be allowed
under any aspect of tho question. Ho obeyed the
order, and all he now asks is that his account for
traveling expenses 011 that journey home may be
submitted to tho adjudication of the proper De-
partment. To refer the case now to the Commit-
tee of Claims is to exclude the claimant entirely
and foiever.
Mr. F. A. CONKXINGr. The party for whose
relief this bill is introduced was the fleet surgeon
ofthe East India squadron, commanded by Com-
modore Armstrong. It is in evidence before the
House that Commodore Armstrong became siclc,
and determined to return home. Without any
authority of law, and, so far as I am informed,
without any precedent in the past practice of the
Navy, he ordered the fleet surgeon to accompany
him as his private physician. Wood did so, and
the claim before the House is for the payment, of
his traveling expenses by the overland route from
India to this country,and, if lam notmistaken,for
his pay during the time consumed by the journey.
Mr. BABBITT. For the difference between
shore pay and duty pay.
Mr. F. A. CON11LINQ. The case was brought
to the notice of the late Secretary of the Navy,
and he refused to allow thiscompeiisation. It has
likewise been brought lo tho notice of the present
Secietary of the Navy, and those who hffve at-
tended to the readingof the communication of that
officer, I think, must be satisfied that in his judg-
ment then? is no justice or propriety m paying this
money. He says if there was any understand-
ing between Commodore Armstrong and Surgeon
Wood that the latter should bo permitted to go
home with him, then the amount ought not to bo
paid; and the intimation is clear and distinct to
my mind that there was such an undeistanding
and concert between them.
In my judgment tho House is as well qualified
to determine this case now as it will be at any fu-
ture time, and I prefer to have the question on the
meiits taken now, to having the matter referred
to the Committee of Claims. 1 am clear in the
opinion that it should be voted down. The pre-
cedent is one which ought not to be established,
and I would go to the extent of passing a vote of
censure upon Commodore Armstrong for bringing
the fleet surgeon back to this eountiy. He should
at least bo left to defray the expenses of Surgeon
Wood, incurred for his individual benefit.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask the gentleman from New
York whether he holds that Dr. Maxwell Wood
ought to have disobeyed the order of tho com-
modore, and remained in India, when he was or-
dered by his superior officer to accompany him
home? I ask whether the true question is, did the
commodore exceed his authority, or whether Dr.
Wood should obey his superior officer? Certainly
the latter. He obeyed, and in that he did right.
He came home according to oilers.
If, as has been suggested, it was by virtue of
some private arrangement or understanding be-
tween the commodore and Dr. Wood that he came
home, then he will get no pay. I beg the House
