1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
abolition of certain collection districts in the State
of California. I do not recollect the number of
it. There will be no objection to it. It reduces
the expenses some §70,000 a year.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
'Mr. LATHAM, After hearing a suggestion
from my colleague, I withdraw my motion.
The motion of Mr. Grimes was agreed to; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesday, Murch 11, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journalofyesterday was read and approved.
coast survey.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
showing the progress of that work for the year
ending November 1,1861; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, anil ordered to be
printed.
national todndery, etc.
Mr. BAKER. I ask the unanimous consentof
the House for leave to introduce for reference a
bill for the establishment of a national foundery
at Chicago, Illinois, and at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, and at Poughkeepsie, New York, for the
fabrication of cannon and projectiles for the Gov-
ernment. Also, for the establishment of an arm-
ory and arsenal at Columbus, Ohio. Also, for
the establishment of a depot for saltpeter, powder
factory, and magazine at Indianapolis, Indiana,
and at Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr. McPHERSON. To what committee does
the gentleman propose to refer the bill?
Mr. BAKER. To the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object. The bill ought
to go to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. BAKER. That committee has made its
report.
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
akmy chaplains.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie J-ifTremiy of W;u be tequeKted to
furnish the House ot' Ropiesenratives with a iI&t ol' the
names of regimental ami hospital chaplains now in the
United States service, and the regiments and hospitals with
which they uro connected.
ineligibility to offick.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill, declar-
ing certain persons ineligible to office, for the pur-
pose of having it referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WOOD. I ask that the bill be read for in-
formation.
The bill was read in extenso. It is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhneiicaia Congress assembled. That
no person shall be a Senator o  Repieseutativc m the Con-
gress of the United Htates who has ever held anv office,
civil, military, or uavul, undei Hie authority of the United
State?, or any office uudoi any of «ajd State*, and who,
since the commencement of the piesent tebellion, ha^- held,
or may hereafter hold, any office, civil, military, 01 naval,
under the pictended government of the sell-s-nled confed-
erate States of Aiwnca, or either of them.
Sec- '2. Jiiul he it far!her enacted, That no person sliall
l?e eligibletoany office, civil, mihtaty, m naval, under the
- Government of the United States, who may have heretofore
held office under the said Government of the United Slates
or either oi them, and who has held, 01 may h^rcaftei hold,
any office, civil, nnlitaiy, 01 naval, under the pietended
government ot the said self-styled confedeiate States of
America, or either of them.
Mr. "WOOD. I object to that bill.
PENSIONERS.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior furnish foi 1
the use of Congress the names and leMdences of all per- j
sons who have applied for pen-ions on account of wounds j
received or disabilities incuried by them during the present '
rebellion,and of those who have at anytime been admitted
to the invalid pension roll, (except such were pensioned
from the date of their disability,) the time when their pen-
sions commenced, the amount per annum received by each,
distinguishing each accoiding togiade, with reference to
the several acts of Congress under winch said pensions
were allowed, to be arranged in alphabetica1 order, both as
to States and names of pensioners, and an estimate of the
amount claimed by or due to each from the date of his dis-
ability to the time when his pension commenced, or if no
pension has been allowed,to the date of his orhei applica-
tion; and that said Secietaiy be authorized to employ a
clerk for the puipo^e above mentioned.
SCHOOL LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, presented joint resolutions of the State
of California relative to sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections of land donated to that State for school
purposes; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL LINE TO JAPAN.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, also, by unani-
mous consent, presented joint resolutions of the
State of California, praying for the establishment
of a mail line between San Francisco and Japan
and China; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WARDENS FOR WASHINGTON JAIL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 197, to authorize the appoint-
ment of wardens of the jail in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
MRS. SUSAN TEN EYCK WILLIAMSON.
Mr. PEllRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck
Williamson, widow of Charles L. Williamson;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NAVY-YARDS, ETC., ON THE LAKES.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a hill to establish navy-yards
or depots of arms on the lakes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the spe-
cial committee on lake defenses.
SALINE LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILY, by unanimous conscnt, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land's be re-
quested to eonsidei the communication of the Secretary of
the hueiiorin relation to the saline jaiKh in theTeiritory
of JYeljiaskn, and to leport b\ bill or othciwise.
SCHOOL LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILY also, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Public Lands be re-
quested to consider the question of giving to tne counties
of Rieliatd-on and Nemaha, m the Tcrritoiy of Nebraska,
school lands in place of MXteemh and thirty-sixth sections
that would belong to those counties if lime had been no
half-breed resei ve^ ; and that said committee leport by bill
or othcnvise.
A. II. JONES AND M. II. C. BROWN.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of A. H.
.Tones and M. H. C. Brown; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
with the accompanying report ordered to be
printed.
DEAF AND DUMB AND TIIE BLIND.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
that by unanimous consent, Senate bill No. 80, to
amend" An act to incorporate the Columbian In-
stitution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind," and to make appropriations for
the benefit theieof, be taken from the Speaker's
tuble and put on its passage.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
that the sum of $4,400 per annum, payable quar-
terly, shall be allowed for the payment of salaries
and incidental expenses of said institution; and
that $4,400 be appropriated for that purpose, out
of any moneys tn the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863; that the sum of $9,000 be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the erec-
tion, furnishing, and fitting up of two additions
to the buildings of said institution; and that all
receipts and disbursements under this act shall be
reported to the Secretary of the Inteiior, as re-
quired in the sixth section of the act to which this
is an amendment.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFENSE OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present the resolutions of the
Councils of Philadelphia relative to the defense of
that city, and move that they be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
SENATE BILLS UPON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move, by unani-
mous consent, that we go to the Speaker's table
and take up Senate bills there for reference to ap-
propriate committees.
Mr. BLAKE. I will agree to that if Senate bill
No. 201, to provide for the occupation and cul-
tivation of the cotton and other lands m posses-
sion of the United States lying along the south-
ern coast of the United States be excepted. That
bill ought to be passed immediately.
Theie was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to, excepting the bill referred to by Mr.
Blake.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following bills of the Senate; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time, and refericd as
indicated below:
Joint resolution (No. 42) in addition to the
joint resolution for payment of the expenses of
the joint committee of Congress appointed to in-
quire into the conduct of the war, approved the
27th of January, 1862—to the committee on the
conduct of the war.
A bill (No. 109) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of J. E. Martin, deceased—to the
Committee of Claims.
A bill (No. 93) for changing the place for hold-
ing the September term of the district court of
the United States in the district of Maine—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 197) to authorize the appointment
of a warden of the jail in the District of Colum-
bia—to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Joint resolution (No. 36) limiting the compen-
sation of collectors of the customs, naval officer,
and other officers employed in the collection of cus-
toms—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 128) to change and regulate the
terms of the circuit and district courts of the
United States in the northern district of New
York—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Joint resolution (No. 54) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to carry into effect conventions be-
tween the United States and the republics of New
Granada and Costa Rica"—to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
A _bill(No. 188) to increase the efficiency of the
medical department of the Army—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 150) for a joint commission for the
preservation of the Atlantic fisheries—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 199) to provide for the safe-keeping
and maintenance of United States prisoners to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Joint resolution (No. 57) providing for the cus-
tody of the letter and gifts from the King of
Siam—.to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill (No. 122) to provide for the codification
and revision of the laws of the Distnctof Colum-
bia—to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Joint resolution (No. 61) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Louis M. Goldsborough
and officers, petty officers, seamen,and marines
under his command, for the victory at Roanoke
island—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 217) to encourage enlistments in the
