1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3087
to understand that this bill does not propose to pay
Dr. Wood a cent; but merely proposes to submit
again the question, which has once been decided
unjustly, to the proper accounting officer, and if
it appears that nothing is due, nothing will be
given. Now, I hope this resolution will pass,and
not be referred again to a committee.
Mr. FENTOIN. 1 move the previous question
upon the motion to refer.
< Mr. ALDRICH. I would like to ask a ques-
tion or two.
Mr. FENTON. I think we had better have a
vote upon the question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who last spoke, made several in-
quiries which I would like to answer, for the pur-
pose of putting the House in possession of the
real state of the facts.
Mr. FENTON. I must insist upon theprevious
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was put on the motion to refer,
and, on a division, no quorum voted.
Mr. PI-IELPS, of Missouri, moved to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to refer, on which no quorum voted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to yield
that I may have a communication from the Secre-
tary of Wnr read.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will give way for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, then
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in further answer to the reso-
lution of the House of ETtTprescntatives of the 9th
of June, calling for information in respect to the
organization, by General Hunter, of the depart-
ment of South Carolina, of a regiment of volun-
teers composed of black men, fugitive slaves, and
containing a copy of a communication just re-
ceived from General Hunter, furnishing informa-
tion touching his action in reference to the various
matters contained m said resolution.
' The communication of General Hunter was
read, as follows;
IIevdquartrrs Department of the South,
Port Royal, South Caromha, June 23, 1863.
Sir: I have the lionoi to acknowledge the receipt of a
communication from the Adjutant Genetal of the Army,
dated Juno 13,1860, requc^un^ me to fmnia.li you wJth the
information necessary to answer certain i evolutions muo-
duccd in the House oi Ilepirsentatives June 9,1863, on mo-
tion ol Hon. Mr. YVickmfi-e, of Kentucky—their substance
being to inquire •
1. Whether I had organized, or was organizing a legi-
ment ofk> fugitive slaves''m this depaitment;
3. Whether any authority had hmi fjivcn to me from the
War Department foi such oiganization ; ;uut
3. Whether t had been furnished, by order of the War
Department, with clothing, uiiiiorm-, amis, equipments,
&lc., for such .i loioe
Only having recivcd the letter coveting these inquiries
at a Jate houi on Saturday night, I urge forward my answer
in time foi tlic steamer sailing to-day (Monday)—thin haste
pieventing me lioin euteiing, as minutely as i could wit-li,
upon many points ol detail such a-> the paramount inipoit-
anee of tiie subjeer calls for. 13ut in view of the near tci in-
itiation of the present st-ssion of Congress, and the wide-
spread interest which must have been awakened by Mr-
Wickuffe's resolutions, 1 preter sending even this impei-
feet answer, to waiting the peuod necessary tor the collec-
tion of fuller and more comprehensive data-
To the fir&t question, therefore, I reply that no regiment
of" fugitive slave-*" has been or is being organized in tins
department. There i-, however, a fine regiment of persons
whose late masters are '-fugitive rebel*"— men whoevery-
wheie fly belore the appearance of the national flag, leaving
their servants behind them to shift as best they can lor them-
selves. So far, indeed, aiv the loyal person* composing tins
regiment from seeking to avoid the piesenee ot their late
owners, that they are now, one and all, working with re-
markable industry to place themselves in a position to go
m full and effective pursuit of thcii fugacious and traitoious
proprietors.
To tiie second question, [ have the honor to answer that
the instructions given to Brigadier General T. W. Slier-
mail bv Hon. Pinion Cameioit, late Secretary of War, and
turned"over to me by Micce.-sion for my guidance, do dis-
tinctly authonze mo to employ all lojal persons offering
their "services in detente of the Union and tor the suppres-
sion of this rebellion m any manner [ might see fit, or that
the circumstances might call lor. Thete is no lestuction
as to the ehaiaeter or color of the persons to Ifo employed,
oi the nature of the employment, whether civil or mil ttaiy.
in which their setvice-- should be used- t conclude, tUeif-
fore, that I have been authoi tzed to cuk^t '• tngiti vc slaves"
as soldiers, could any such be found in this depaitment.
No such chaiaeteta, however, have yet appealed within
view of our mo>t advanced pickets—the loyal slave* every-
wheie remaining on their plantation-., to welcome u-s uui
us, and supply us with food, labor, and information. U is*
the masters who have, in every instance, been the "fugi
lives," running away from loyal slaves as well as loyal
soldiers, and whom we have only partially been able to see
 chiefly their heads over lamparts, or, rifle in hand, dodg-
ing behind trees in the extreme distance. In the absence
of any "fugitive master law," the deserted slaveffwould be
wholly without remedy had not the cinne of treason given
them the light to pursue, captuie, and bung back those per-
sons of whose protection they have been thus suddenly be-
left.
To the third interrogatoiy, it is my painful duty to leply,
that 1 never have received any specific authority for issues
of clothing, uniforms, Jirms, equipment*,&c.,to the troops in
question—mvgeneial instructions fiom Mi. Camei on to em-
ploy them in any manner I might find neee^saiy, and the
military exigencies ot the department and the country being
my only, but, in myjudgment, sufficient justification. Nei-
ther have I had any specific authority for supplying tho&e
peisons with shovels, spades, and pickaxes, when employ-
ing them as iaboiers, nor with boats and oars when using
them as lightermen; but these aic not points included in
Mr. Wickuffe's resolution. To me, it seemed that lib-
erty to employ men in any particular capacity implied with
it Jibeity, also, to supply them with the necessaiy tools;
and acting upon this faith, I have clothcd, equipped, and
armed the only loyal regiment yet raised in South Carolina.
I must say, in vindication of my own conduct, that had
it not been for the many other diversified and imperative
claims on my time and attention, amueh more satisfactory
result mijfht have been hoped for, and that, m place ofonly
one, as at present, at least five or six well-drilled, brave, and
thoroughly acclimated regiments should by this timehave
been added to the loyal foices of the Union. The exper-
iment of arming the blacks, so far as J have made it, has
been a complete and even maivelous success. They aie
sober, docile, attentive, and enthusiastic, displaying great
natural capacities for acquiring the duties of the soldier.
They are eager, beyond all things, to take the field and he
led into action ; and it is the unanimous opinion of the offi-
cers who have had chaige of them, that, in the peculiar-
ities of tins climate and countiy, they will piovc invalua-
ble auAiliaiies, fully equal to the similar regiments so long
and successfully u*ed by the British authorities in tiie West
India Islands.
In conclusion, I will say it is my hope—there appearing
no possibility of other reinforcements, owing to the exigen-
cies of the campaign in the peninsula—to have organized
by the end of next fall, and to be able to present to the Gov-
ernment, tiom forty-eight to fifty thousand of these hardy
and devoted soldiers
Tin--ting that this letter may form part of yout answer to
Mi. Wickuffe's resolutions, f have the honorto be,most
respeettully, youi verv obedient swvunt,
D. HUNTER,
Major General Commanding.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary oj War, Washington, D. C.
The communication was laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that ten thousand extra
copies he printed.
Mr. BLAKE. I hope the gentleman will make
it a hundred thousand.
The resolution was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing-.
MAXWELL WOOD AGAIN.
The question recurred on the motion to refer the
resolution to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move the pievious ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The JSPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over-
rides all special oiders.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I was on the floor, and
how could the gentleman take it from me to make
that motion ?
The SPEAKER How was the gentleman on
the floor ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I moved the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. How long could the gentle-
man hold the floor after demanding the previous
question? A motion to adjourn is in order.
Mr. DUNN. I ask my colleague to give way
a moment, and allow me to offer a resolution ?
M7. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object to the introduc-
tion of any resolution until it is m order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I call for tellers on the
motion to refer.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg of
Illinois, and Dawes, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 34, noes 57; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock ancf
forty-five minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 3, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Stockton, D. D., Chap-
lain to the House of Representatives.
The journal ofyesterday wasreadand approved.
LOSS OF BAGGAGE BY INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the consent of
the Senate to postpone all prior orders, and take
up Senate bill, No. 321, for the relief of certain
companies of Indiana volunteers, who lost their
baggage and other property at Hatteras Inlet. I
am satisfied it will excite neither opposition nor
debate. Every item is certified by the officers, and
sworn to by the men claiming them. The baggage
was lost for want of transportation at Hatteras In-
let, and all the items are sworn to. It is getting
late in the session, and I ask wharl have never
done before, that it may be taken up out of its
order and passed, with an amendment embracing1
one other company, the vouchers for which were
not before the committee. Every voucher is now
on file with the bill. I ask that it be taken up and
passed this morning. Since the bill was reported
the regiment has been twice in battle, and more
than one third of the men for whose benefit the
bill is claimed are now killed or wounded, and
beyond the justice or mercy of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'The Senator
from Indiana moves to postpone all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 321) for the relief of certain companies of In-
diana volunteers who lost their baggage and other
property at Hatteras Inlet.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to appropriate $1,723 89,
to reimburse the ollicers and men of companies
C, D, E, F, H, and I, of the twentieth regiment
Indiana volunteers, for losses sustained by them
at Hatteras Inlet, m October, 1861, in consequence
of their being obliged to abandon their baggage and
other propei ty for want of proper transportation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend the
bill by inserting:
And $81 30 for Alfred Reed, company K, captain ; and
.'$404 69 for non-cominisMoned officers and puvatcsol com-
pany K.
Here arc the sworn \ouchcrs for every article.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolutions,
in which it lequested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A joint resolution (No. 93) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Du Pont, for
his services and gallantry in action.
A joint icsolution (No.94) tendei ingthe thanks
of Congress to the several captains and com-
mandeis of the naval foice of the United Stales
in the squadron commanded by Flag-Officer Far-
ragnt.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions of the Senate:
An act (No. 256) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and maiines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress,
An act (No. 303) for the relief of D. G. Farragut.
A joint resolution (No. 61) tcndeiing the thanks
of Confess to Captain Lewis M. Goidshorough
and officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for the victory at Roanoke
Island.
A joint resolution (No. 66) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Worden,
of the United States Nav v, and to the officers and
men under his command in the Monitor.
A joint resolution (No. 77) for the relief of the
officers, non-commissioned officers and pi ivates of
the battalion of marines on board the transport
Governor on the 3d of November, 1861.
A joint resolution (No. 85) to compensate the
crew of the United States steamer Yaruna for
clothing and other property lost in the public ser-
vice.
