1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
regular Army of the United States, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
cultivation of cotton.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to take up and pass
Senate bill No. 210, to provide for the occupa-
tion and cultivation of the cotton and other lands
in possession of the United States, lying along
the southern coast of the United States.
Mr. MORRIS. I object to the consideration
of that bill at this time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand the
objection to be to the consideration of the bill now,
and not to its reference.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer should
be voted down, the bill would be before the House
for consideration.
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw my objection to the
reference of the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. Let it go to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Washington's fare-well address, etc.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following reso-
lution:
Rewired, That fiity thousand extra copies of the Fare-
well Adrires* of Giorgn Washington, togcthei with the
proclamation of President Jackson, of December 10, 1832,
and the Declaration of American Independence, be printed
for the use of rlie Hou&e.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The Superin-
tendent of Public Printing estimates that the work
will cost {>2,500.
The resolution was adopted.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the same
committee, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five hundred oxtia copies of liie rppoit of
the Secrcliiiy of the Treasury in answoi to tin1 n'Mtkition
of the Iinn>e call in" l'oi lntonnatiori H.^auhns; the e\penML^
of the Coast Suivey he printed foi Hie u*e of the House.
tiiaxks to captain goldsborouttll, etc.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution of the Senate (No. 61) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain Louis M.
Goldsborough, and the officers, petty officcis,
seamen, and marines under his command, for the
victory at Roanoke island, was referred to the
Committee on Naval AtTaiis.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that mo-
tion is hardly in order. The bill was taken up
by unanimous consent for the purpose of reference
only, and it would not be fair to bong it back by
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have it considered now.
Mr. F. A. CONKLlNCf. I object.
navy agent at washington.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to define the duties of and to_ regulate the
clerical force in the office of the Navy agent at
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 am instructed by the committee of confer-
ence on the legislative, executive, and judicial ap-
propriation bill to make the following report.
The Clerk then read thwreport, as follows:
The eommitlee ol eonfeienee on the disagreeing ^otesof
the two House- on the amendments to the hill (II It. ^08)
inakiu" anpioptiatious nn the legislative, executive, and
,udieiai expenses ul the Uovi imnent. (or the jeai railing
HOlli .lime. 1863, and addiliimal appiopinitioiH lor the yeai
emlms Udih June, lHW.hawns met.altei full and tree eon-
feienee have agreed t" leennnni'ud. and do reumnnemi, to
then iesp< eti\e Houses, a-loliows : , . . ,
That lhe Senate recede hum so much ol their thud
nmenilmenl a- proposes to strike out woul- ill lieu 01 the
vruliH uiseited.and that the linuv agiee to the said amend-
iih nt. .is s<> modified.
That lhe House iceede fiom then disameonieiitlo the ^ en-
ate'- eleventh, thuleenth.louileenlh. fnteenth.eighteenth,
tuent\-llllii. lhnl\ sixth, and thiily-ninth amendments,
rvmi autee t<> the «ame<
That the Senate lecede from their eighth, umth, tenth,
tweut\ seventh and tlintj eighth amendment* _
That tin' Senate concur in the amendim nt nt the House,
to tin* thiriy-fiUh amendment of the Senate, and leeom-
in°nd that the said amendment of the Iiou^e be in.-euea
•after the thntv-tourth amendment of the Senate, and that
in the second lino of the twenty-third amendment of the
Senate, after the word "partially" add the following:
"finishing and."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
JAMES HARLAN.
J. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
W. M. DUNN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference m
detail is as follows:
The House recedes from its disagreement to and
agrees to the following amendments:
Eleventh amendment:
Page 17, in line three hundred and ninety-three, afterthe
wo id doliais, inseit{C Provided, That the said documents
«hal! he sent to Mieh libraries and public institutions only
as shall signify a willingness to pay the cost of the tians-
porution of the <?aine ;,r so that the clause will read:
For expenses of [lacking ami dietiibutmg concessional
journals and document*. in pui nuance of the provisions con-
tained in the joint les-olution of Congtc-s apptoved 28th
Januaiy. 1S07, and actotli February, 1859,.$6,000: Provided,
That the said documents shall be sent to *-ueh libraries and
public institutions only as shall signify a willingness to pay
the cost of the transportation of the same.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 1^, line fouiteen, strike out as follows:
For compensation ot the t-uivej or general ot Utah, $4,000.
Fouitcenth amendment:
Page 19, stiike out the following words:
For compensation of the surveyor general of the Terri-
tou of Nevada, anil the clciks in his office, $7,000.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 00, stiike out lines eight, nine, ten, and eleven, as
follow.-!:
For rent of the surveyor geneiaFs office in the Territory
of Nevada, fuel, hook-, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, $2,000.
Eighteenth amendment:
Ptige 27, m line ten, under the head of " Mint of the Uni-
-tfd States at Philadelphia,'* stiike out "$30,000," and in-
sert •• ,^'50.000,m the following clause of the bill •
Foi incidental find contingent expenses, including lcpairs
and wastage. $30,000.
Twenty-filth amendment:
Pane 3ft, aftei line ten. insert:
Foi contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
Foi compensation of thiee mci-i-engeis appointed undoi
authoiity of a resolution of the Senate of July 19, 1861,
$3,600.
Foi binding. $20,000.
Foi lithographing and engraving, .$30,000.
Foi statiouciy, .$.12,000.
Fot leporting pioeeedings, $3,000.
Foi Connie—-tonal Globe and Appendix, at the first ses-
sion ot ihenThiit>-Seveiith Concies^, .$6,184 20.
Foi eleiks to committees, pages, horses, and carryalls,
.$7,000.
Foi mKeeJlaneou- item*. .$30,000
Foi Capitol police, $1,500.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
At the end of the bill in*ei t, as follows :
£fc. -1 And he it fuither enaded. That from and after the
1st daj of July next, and until otheiwise oulered by the
Pie-ident, the Teintour* of Utah and Coloiado -hall con-
stitute one «urvevtn<r distuct, and the duties ofsuiveyor
geneial m <\ut\ distuct shall be peifoimed by the survejoi
geneial ol Coloiado; and the >mveyii,g district of Nevada
shall be united to that of California, and the duties of the
suiveyor general of the foimer shall be perloimed by the
suivcvor geneial ofCahfomta ; and the tianstei ot the effects
and archives ot the said officcis shall be made under the
inductions of the Commissioner of the Geneial Land
Office.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
At the end of the hill, inse.it a- follows :
Sec. 7. And be U fuiihcr enacted. That the Pi cedent shrill
appoint in the Depai tuient of the intenot, b) and with the
ad\ ice and consent ol the Senate, a competent peison who
-hall he called the A— i-tantSceietan ol the Intel io>, whose
salaiv shall be *3,000, pajable in the same mannet the
-alui"\ of the fc^ecictary ot the Interior, who shall peiform
j-ucli duties in the Department of the [nf-'ior as shall be
presriibed bvthe SectUai) ot may lie leqmred by law, and
who -hail act a- the Secretaij of tin Inteuor in the absence
ot that officer.
The Senate lecedo from and agiee to strike from
the bill the following amendments:
Eighth amendment:
Stiike oui the woid recorilei," s>o that the clause in
which it no"iu- w ill lead a-follows •
Foi compensation ot the Comnu-^ionei of the Genera!
Land Office, and the ih aught«n);iiK a.-sistant diauglusman,
cleik^. me—cmri r^. n-M.-tant me—engei-!, packers, watch-
men, and laboteis m hir> office, ,$175,440.
Nmth amendment:
Sti ike out •• $1'5,440." in the above clause, and insertin
! lieu then ot **$173,440.''
Tenth amendment:
Add the toilownig to the foiegoing clause :
-\nd the dut\ ot countewigning patents, and other duties
quned by exiting iaws, ol the recoider, shall be per-
i foimed bv the said commissioner.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Page 38, strike out the lines fifteen and sixteen, which
are as follows:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, $2,000.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jind he it farther enacted, That the sum of
.$100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended, under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, in the erection and completion of a jail for the Dis-
trict of Columbia on Governmentreservation No. 13, in the
city of Washington: Pro vidcd} That the entire cost of said
jail shall not exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
The third amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
Strike out " to pay John C. Rives for printing five hun-
dred copics of the Diplomatic Correspondence of the Uni-
ted States, from 1776 to 1783, for the State Department,
$15,000," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Foi printing the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
which are hot patter to be bound under the supervision ot*
the Superintendent of Public Printing, according to the pro-
visions of section five of the "joint*lesolution in relation
to the public priming," appioved June 30, 1860, $18,000.
The committee recommend that the words pro-
posed to be stricken out be retained, and that the
substitute be also inserted, so that the amendment,
as amended, would read:
To pay John C. Kives for printing five hundred copies of
the Diplomatic Coirespondenceof the United States,from
1776 to 1783, for the State Department, §15,000.
For printing the Congressional Globe and Appendix which
are heieafterto be bound under the bupei vision of theSupcr-
intendentof Public Printing, according to the provisions of
section five of the "joint lesolution in relation to the pub-
lic printing," approved June 30, 1860, $18,000.
The House amended the thirty-fifth amendment
of the Senate by adding appropriations for com-
pleting the work on the Patent Office building, and
fo pay the compensation and mileage of contest-
ants for the seats of members.
The committee recommend that the Senate con-
cur to the House amendment, but that it be trans-
ferred to the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate.
The thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, as
amended, would then read:
Foi putting the plates of the exploring expedition in order
for preservation, and ttau-poi ting them and the other effects
ot the expedition to Washington, to he pieserved in some
of the public buildings or at the Smithsonian Institution,
§2.000, to be expended under the direction of the Joint Com-
mittee on the Librai.v ot Congress; and if any part of this
appiopnation shall remain unexpended for these puiposes,
the same may be applied, if neeessaiy, to the completion
of volume twenty-three of the works of said exploring ex-
pedition, or to the payment of any ai rears of rent or claims
loi >>eivices due on account of said works.
For completing the \\ oik on the Patent Office building, so
fai aa= to pieseive the materials already prepared, §15,000
To pay the mileage and salaries of John Kline, Joseph
Segar, and John M. lluffer, while contesting seats m the
House of Representative^, per resolution of the House of
Representatives ot March 4,1862, .^10,000: Provided, That
only so much salaiy or mileage shall be paid to eithei as he
would have been entitled to up to the time of his rejection,
it he had been duly elected.
The committee also recommend that the twenty-
third amendment of the Senate be amended by in-
scitingin the second line after the word "par-
tially," the words "finishing and;" so that the
amendment,as amended, would, read:
Page 37, after hue six. insert :
For keeping in lepau and partially finishing and furnish-
ing the Po-t office building, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Po-tma-ster General, §20,000.
For papei and printing blanks for the Executive Depart-
ments. $30,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the vote be laken
on the report of the committee.
The report of the committee of conference was
adopted.
Air. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
| by which the report was adopted; and also moved
: to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back bill of the House (No.
287) to establish a bt anch of the Mint of the United
States at Denver, in the Teintory of Colorado.
Mr. STEVENS. If there be no objection, I
should like to have the bill considered in the House
now. T will merely state that the bill is recom-
mended by the Director of the Mint, and by the
Seeietary of the Treasury; and it is necessary, if
it is to pass at all, that immediate steps shall be
taken for the establishment of an assay office, at
least, at Denver. It will save a great deal of ex-
pense and inconvenience to the inhabitants of the
