1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■2m
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, was recognized
by the Speaker as being entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why, I yielded to the
gentleman to Jet that report be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont, having reported the resolution, was entitled
to the floor; but yielded it to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will give way to the
gentleman if the Speaker says so; but I had the
floor, and yielded it to the gentleman.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. If I have the
floor, I move the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman will not
insist upon that.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Well, I with-
draw the demand.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the previous question
is withdrawn, I will go on with my remarks. If
this index is so important, and if it can be pre-
pared by the Census Bureau withoutan additional
force of clerks, there is no necessity for legisla-
tion. It is the duty of every officer to keep his
papers in such order and in such a mode as will
be most convenient for reference. Let the Super-
intendent of the Census go on and make his index.
But, sir, let us see as to the value of this pro-
posed work. Suppose I want to find out whether
my friend from New York [Mr. Ward] is a free-
holder, where will I write, or where will I go, to
And it out? He may be a freeholder to-day in
New York, and next week he may not own a foot
of land in the country. I would write to New
York. The tax-gatherers there, or the people
who know him, know whether he has been de-
prived of his estate or has parted with it. But if
1 go to the Census Bureau, and look at the census
returns, taken, perhaps, five years ago, I may
find him reported as a freeholder worth $5,000 or
§500,000, though ho may not really at the time be
worth five cents, and I may trust him upon the
faith of this index. To my mind this would be
the most useless document that could have sug-
gested itseff to the mind of an intelligent man. An
index of names! Take, for instance, the name
of John Smith, of Kentucky. How are you to
know which is the John Smith you are in search
of? By looking and seeing how many children he
has, and how much land and property he owns?
If the object of this resolution is to keep up this
bureau for the purpose of giving places to an ex-
tra number of clerks, as we have plenty of money
and no taxes to pay, and are not likely to have
any more to pay; as we have nothing in the world
to do but to call upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to grind out a few more of these green-backed
notes—if that is the object, the House can take a
vote on it, but I desire to have the yeas and nays
on us passage.
Mr. JOHxVSON. Mr. Speaker, it strikes mc
that if wc pass this resolution as it is reported, wc
will accomplish but one purpose: we will make it
absolutely necessary that the Census Bureau shall
be kept up until the next census is taken. I re-
gard this as an artful dodge on the part of the
Superintendent of the Census Bureau to keep his
office in existence. I do not know much about
him, but I think that he has been somewhat cele-
brated for such dodges for a number of years. I
remember hearing something about an appropri-
ation of $10,000 for his benefit once.
The repoi t of the Committee on Printing places
the necessity for this index upon the ground that
it will serve as a place of reference to parties seek-
ing information in regard to persons and their
estates. Now, I think the information they would
obtain from this source would be worth very little.
As was well observed by my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,J a man who was a free-
holder yesterday may be a bankrupt to-day or to-
morrow, especially, as I am reminded, m these
times when property is constantly changing hands,
and in these days of confiscation. But, sir, is it
not known that the returns of the Census depart-
ment relative to property are, in the first instance,
very unreliable? I took some pains when they were
being taken to inquire of the deputy marshals and
obtain their experience. In 18501 was in the office
of theprothonotary who had chaige of the papers
when filed, and, on looking over them, I found
persons who were not worth one red cent in the
world returned as worth thpusands. Others who
had large estates were reported as being worth
very little. This is the case, because some per-
sons are fearful that their report is to be made the
basis of taxation, and they therefore report very
grudgingly in giving information to the deputy
marshals. Others again, knowing thatitamounts
to nothing, will report that they own larger estates
than they do. I know that the same thing oc-
curred in 1860. I could name one man who I
know is not worth $100 in the world, and the
census return gives htm $130,000 worth of prop-
erty, and he stands upon the record so returned.
The information, then, is unreliable, because it is
not true in the first place, at any rate so far as it
relates to property, and in a year or two there
have been material changes from the returns made
by the deputy marshals.
Well, now, if this index is to be kept in the Cen-
sus Office, of course the office must be kept up
too, and that, I think, is the object of the whole
proceeding. It is for the purpose of keeping the
Census Office open for the whole ten years. I un-
derstand that the business in the Census Office is
being pretty well worked up. They have had a
very great increase of clerks there. I know that
the last Administration, in its expiring hours,
crowded the Census Office pretty well with clerks,
and I believe that it has been pretty well filled up
by the new Administration. The work is nearly
all done, but if this resolution passes, we cannot
dispense with the Census Bureau even after the
reports are made, and that, I suggest, can be the
only object of the resolution; at any rate that will
be its only effect.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
A bill (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving;
A bill (H. R. No. 404) to provide for the defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the pay of the two
and three years volunteers, and the officers and
men actually employed in the western department;
A bill (H. R. No. 444) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved August 5, 1861; and
A bill (H. R. No. 460) to establish a port of
entry in the collection district of Beaufort, South
Carolina.
INDEX TO THE CENSUS AGAIN.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
I have but a few words to say on this subject. I
know not whether the charge made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania against the Superin-
tendent of the Census is true or not, but it seems
to me that it has nothing to do with the pioposi-
Uon before the House. The committee in con-
sidering the matter did so by order of the House,
and without any reference to the effect of the res-
olution on the Superintendent of the Census or
on his office. We regarded it simply as a matter
of propriety, necessity, and of advantage to the
Government and the country. It was in that view
alone that we considered it. Great stress has been
laid, both by the gentleman from Kentucky and
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, on the fact
that the resolution requiies that freeholders shall
be designated in the list. That is a matter of no
importance at all. It was a mere incident put
into the resolution on the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio. It entails no expense and no
additional labor to make out the index. When the
name is entered, the fact of his being a freeholder
is indicated m the list. That is ali there is of it.
But there is a purpose beyond all that in the res-
olution. It is to give to all the statistics contained
in the census a real and permanent value—a value
which they do not now have. There is nothing
published now in the reports exccpt simply the
aggregates of population and of other facts used
for purposes of comparison. The returns them-
selves give the personal statistics of the people—
their birthplace, age, sex, condition, occupation,
value of real estate; and show those who are deaf,
dumb, blind, insane, or paupers, &c. These are
personal si itisties. The purpose of this reso-
lution is simply to obtam an index to all these
personal statistics, so that information may be
obtained readily and without expense. These
statistics are now beyond our reach.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that if we adopt this
resolution, its effect will be to perpetuate th« Bu-
reau of Census. I do not know what is meantby
that. I suppose that the Census Bureau is in itself
perpetual. That is to say, all these returns, reach-
ing to two or three hundred volumes, are preserved
in the Department of the Interior. This resolution
provides simply for an index to all the facts con-
tained in these books that will be in possession of
the Department of the Interior. The resolution,
therefore, will not necessarily retain the Supferin- v
tendent or clerks in office beyond the time when
their services can be dispensed with. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. BIDDLE, I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question for me.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I withdraw it.
Mr. BIDDLE, Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
to trespass much either on the courtesy of the gen-
tleman who moved the previous question or on the
time of the House. When this measure first came
into the House I certainly was one of those who
misapprehended it, and I believe it was quite ex-
tensively misapprehended. The proof of that is
that the resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing; but it appears that there was no print-
ing whatever connected with the work. It was to
remain, as I now understand it, entirely in manu-
script books. I read with great interest the report
of the committee, and if I had any prejudice against
the proposition when it was first introduced, that
report entirely removed it. I now advocate it, on
the ground of economy. We have made a very
large outlay in collecting the materials of the cen-
sus; and I do not know how the public is to be
remunerated for its expenditure except by making
those materials as useful as possible. This index
does present a practical mode of extending widely
the value and utility of the census.
I might extend my remarks on this subject,but
I feel that if I were to make a long speech, and
enter on the details of the question, I should be
only repeating the report of the committee^which
is printed and before the House. I think that the
perusal of that report will produce on every can-
did mind the same impression that it produced on
mine, and that is, that the proposition is a just
one.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to ask my col-
league a single question.
Mr. BIDDLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to ask my col-
league whether he, as a lawyer in Philadelphia,
would, if he were applied to to know whether
John Smith, of Iowa, is a freeholder, write to the
Census Bureau at Washington, or whether he
would not write to the place where John Smith
resided ?
Mr. BIDDLE. To-day, sir, I would not know
how to find it out. But if I knew that there was
in the Census Bureau such a record as this, I
should think that the properand appropriate place,
and T think I should have sense enough to apply
there first.
Mr. COX. I should like to give, very briefly,
my reason for voting against this resolution. I
am one of those who believe that the Federal Gov-
ernment exhausts its powers in regard to taking
the enumeration of the people of the country,
when it simply enumerates the inhabitants. I do
not believe that it ever was the intention of the
men who made the Constitution to give power to
the Federal Government to make a general census
of all our resources. I think the census should be
confined simply to the apportionment of the rep-
resentation. That was the only object contem-
plated when the first census was made. Our cen-
sus now comprehends everything. I think that
this business of a general census should be remit-
ted to the States. Many of the States, finding
the imperfections of the Federal census, in almost
every respect, are beginning to have their own
census taken.
The State which I have the honor in parttorepre-
senthasacommissionerof statistics, whoprcpares
an annual report. Other States will fall into this
plan. I think that now is the time, of all others, to
practice economy. Here is onechance. Thismeas-
ure is an innovation; it is something new; it re-
quires the employment of a large number of clerks
and great expense. 1 do not sec any reason just
now why the Federal Government should make
itself a detective police officer, to facilitate the col-
lection of debts, to find out rogues and detect frauds.
We have enough on hand just now, without re-
