3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3.
A joint resolution (No. 83) of thanks to Cap-
tain David G. Farragut, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his com-
mand.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had rejected the bill of the Senate
(No, 306) regulating the appointment of second
lieutenants in the marine corps.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
^of the United States had approved and. signed, on
the 2d instant, the following acts:
An act (H. II. No. 312) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt.
An act (H. II. No. 364) to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to%he Pacific ocean, and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes.
An act (II. II. No. 391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States, and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah.
An act (H. R. No. 515) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Indian agent m Colorado Terri-
tory.
An act (H. R. No. 425) to incorporate the Guar-
dian Society to Reform Juvenile Offenders in the
District of Columbia.
An act (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Dodd, and others.
An act (II. R. No. 44:2) to establish a land dis-
trict iu the Territory of Nevada, and fur other
purposes.
An act (II. R. No. 371) to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes.
An act (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Lawrence P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county,
Kentucky.
An act (H. R. No. 428) for the relief of the
president and directors of the Panama Railroad
Company*
PROPOSER ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr, TRUMBULL. 1 move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HAL12. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 27; aa follows:
YEAS—Ihownln#, Chandler, Cilux'.s, Kennedy,
King, Pomeroy, Sumner, sum! Trumbull—8.
NAY8-—M<^yrn. Anthony, C!arM<\ Clark, ColMmoi, l)a-
vK Ppxseiult'u, foot, Foster, Hale, HarUn, IlcniU'iMin,
huneot' Indiana, I.aueot Kuiwik, Monill,NeMmtli,
PnWUI. H.mUbuiy, Klimunn. Simmon-, Sunk, Ten Kyck,
VViule, Wilkiiinon, W'Ulcy, Wilson ol ami Wright
—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-dayit adjourn to meet on Saturday,
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, HALE, f do not want to make a speech,
but ! simply desire to say, that at this, the moat
critical period of our nation, when the heart of the
nation is throbbing with intense anxiety as to the
condition of our great Army, i think it ill becomes
me—other gentlemen will judge for themselves—
to take a holiday.
The yeas and nays were taken; and the vole
disclosed the want of i\ quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. While busi-
ness is suspended for the time being on this call,
the Chair willtay befoie the Senate two bills from
the House of Representatives, with a view to
reference.
The joint resolution (H. II. No. 94) tendering
the thanks of Congress lo the several captains and
commanders of the naval forces of the United
States in the squadron commanded by Flag-Oflicer
Farragut, wan read twicc by its title, and rcfoi red
to tho Committee on Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Du
Pont, for lus services and gallantry in action, was
read twicc by Us title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING. With this reference I propose to
inquire of that committee, or else to move instruc-
tions in addition to this, unless the information
shall be such as I think will inform the Senate
what is to bedone, what that committee has done
with the message of the President referred to them
recommending avote of thanks to Captain Bailey
and varjous other officers. I hope the chairman
of the committee will answer the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
is now dividing on a motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Saturday.
Mr. ICING. I was not aware that the Senate
was dividing.
Several Senators entered the Chamber and voted
in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN, (who had voted in the af-
firmative.) As Senators seem to desire to sit here
to-morrow and work, I change my vote and vote
nay."
Mr. TEN EYCIt, (who had voted in the af-
firmative.) I desire to change my vote. I vote
"nay."
Mr. SUMNER. I voted " yea,'' but certainly
I follow the Senator from Ohio. If the Senate is
willing to sit here and woik to-morrow, I shall be
one of the most willing; but my own conviction
was that there would not be a quorum heie, and
that therefore it was better for us to adjourn over.
Still, if the Senate is disposed to sit here, I vote
" nay."
Mr. SHERMAN. That was my impression
also, but I see that the Senate 
Mr. HALE. Debate is out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote will
be reported.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 22;
as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Ikownin?, Chandler, Foot, Grimes,
Ilailan, Henderson, Kennedy, King, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—11.
NAYtf—iUe^rs. Anthony, Carlilu, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, I-Y^cnden, fc'ostei, Halo, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Powell, Sauls
bury, Sheiman, Simmons, Staik, Sumner,Ten Eyck,and
Wiilcy—22.
So the motion did not prevail..
TIIANKS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. While the
Senate was dividing, the Chair asked consent to
present two House joint resolutions, which were
read a first and second time, and according to the
usual custom where objection is not interposed,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
Chair understands the Senator from New York
to object to that reference.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reference
by tho Chair, assuming the consent of the Senate,
will be regarded as not having been made, and
those resolutions as now before the Senate, hav-
ing been read a first and second time, and open to
a motion for tefercnco.
Mr. KING. It is not that I design to prevent
or obstruct the reference of these joint resolutions
when we get the information 1 desire; but I hope,
as the question is now before the Senate, that we
may have some information from that committee
as to the position, and their intention, relative to
the joint resolution which includes the name of
Captain Bailey, and quite a list of others, referred
to that committee.
Mr. HALE. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to hear it, I have not the slightest objection
to giving the information desited, and with their
consent I will do it. The sense of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs has been against the passage
of that resolution, for the reason that the mes-
sage of the President recommends that the thanks
of Congress be tendered to about thirty officers
by name who were in the fight at the mouth of
the Mississippi river, at New Orleans, under Com-
modore Farragut. Hy a bill which has passecTthe
Senate, every one of these men, some of whom are
as low as lieutenants, by this single vote will be pro-
longed upon the active list of the Navy ten years.
Now, a House bill comes in with another lot,
and 1 apprehend, if we adopt this precedent, we
shall have to thank by name at least one hundred
officers, which will substantially repeal the re-
tiring bill. The Senate have already passed, in
conjunction with the House, a bill tendering the
thanks of Congress to Commodore Farragut and
the officers and men under his command^ which
is the usual course, without giving them all by
name. The committee of course will be happy
to act as the Senate may desire; but that is the
judgment of the committee.
Mr. KING. It was from the long delay in the
action of the committee, and conversation with
the committee, that I ascertained there was some
indisposition to report on it, and 1 have asked for
this information in order that it might come be-
fore the Senate. I have no doubt myself that
Captain Bailey and the other officers who were in
that gallant action at New Orleans are entitled to
thanks. At any rate, being in favor of it myself,
I desired to express that opinion, and to give my
vote for it. My object m calling attention to the
subject now is, that we may have that resolution
returned to the Senate for the action of the Sen-
ate, and that it may not be decided by delay in
the committee. I think a suggestion of this sort
will be enough for the committee to return us that
resolution at an early clay, that the Senate may
act upon it, whatever their opinion may be; and
with that suggestion, I consent to this reference;
but if the reference was to give these resolutions
a quietus, to dispose of them, I should be unwill-
ing to have them referred.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on referring the joint resolutions to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to say one word. There
seems to be a good deal of apprehension, both in
the Senate and out of it, as to what will be the
effectofthe passage of that resolution. As the law
now stands, it will have no effect whatever. The
law that was passed last December says, in effect,
that when an officer who has already been retired
—which none of these officers are—shall be callcd
into service,and shall perform suchgallantactions
as, in the opinion of the President and of Congress
entitle him to a vote of thanks, then he may be
put on the active list and remain on the active
list. Hence, the Senator from New York,and his
friends whom he represents, will perceive that the
passage of this resolution will have no effect; and
that is one reason, I apprehend, why the Naval
Committee have had no action on it, because it
will be merely nugatory without legislation, and
therefore I know some were anxious to secure the
passage of the bill, which was under considera-
tion in the Senate yesterday, which would affect
these officers if it was enacted into a law. An-
other reason why the Naval Committee has not
acted upon it is, that here a general batch came in
of thirty officers—I think just thirty. The official
reports accompanying Commodore Farragut's re-
port, that is, the reports of the commanders of the
vessels to him, have not yet been published. 1 un-
derstand they are printed and are now being bound
and will be laid on our tables in the course of the
nextforty-eighthours,and it wasdeemed advisable
to sec exactly whateach one of those thirty men had
done, and how far the recommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States was borne out by the
official facts that might be submitted to us in those
reports; but I think that no member of the Naval
Committee was indisposed to award that meed of
praise to which any one of these officers was enti-
tled, and no one was indisposed to restore to the ac-
tive list the persons whom the Senator from New
York especially desires should be returned. We
want some way of getting ihem back there, but
there are a good many difficulties surrounding this
question. If you establish the principle that you
will thank everybody from eighteen years old up
to eighty, if he happened to be in tho command
of a vessel in time of action; in other words, if
you thank these thirty men, there is no reason
why you should not thank every officer who is in
command of a vessel m time of action, if you
thank these thirty men, there  s no reason why
you should not thank every officer who is m com-
mand of a vessel in Du Punt's squadron, and there
is no reason why we should not thank every one
in command of a vessel in Foote's or Davis's
squadron; and the same reason would apply to
every officer commanding a vessel in the squadron
of Commodore Goldsborough; and hence the law
of Congress would, by the operation of this uni* 
versal rule, if it was applied to everybody, be en-
tirely overborne. The committee have let it lie m
their hands thus far, in order that they might dis-
cover some'way in which they might be extri-
cated from the labyrinth of difficulties in which
they find themselves surrounded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tions are referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
