1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11.
Territory. The bill has been very carefully ex-
amined by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and we can see no objection to it, and I ask that
it be put upon its passage now.
Mv\F. AXONKLING. What is the amount
of money appropriated by the bill?
The SPEAKER. Seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to its con-
sideration in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move then that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill now.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time, the House having ordered tho main
question on the motion to postpone the joint res-
olution introduced yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] in
reference to emancipation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his objection, and
let the bill be considered in the House now, if we
have to pass it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I shall not object to
going into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to consider it now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why not consider it in
the House now?
Mr. F.A, CONKLING. Because the previous
question will cut off all discussion with regard to
the merits of the proposition.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. This debate is not in order.
The bill makes an appropriation, and is referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (S. No. 22) providing for the payment of
the awards of the commission to investigate the
military claims in the department of the West;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FKOM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill of the House to make an additional article of
war, and also the bill of the House for the relief of
Z. B. Caverly, late secretary of legation at Lima,
Peru.
EMANCIPATION.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion to postpone the joint res-
olution in relation to the abolishment of slavery,
introduced yesterday by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling.] The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] moved that its
further consideration he postponed until Monday
next. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] moved as an amendment, to strike out
" Monday" and insert "Thursday." The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved
to amend by inserting to-morrow. The question
is upon postponing until to-morrow.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to post-
pone until Thursday next.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The mam question has been
ordered, and the Chair cannot lecognizeany gen-
tleman.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the consent of the
House to make a motion only.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
ordered on the motion to postpone. The gentle-
man from Kentucky asks the unanimous consent
of the House to make a motion in connection with
this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. If we permit the gentleman
to do it, we shall have to extend the same privi-
lege to othergentlemen. I hope we shall proceed
and dispose of this matter.
The question was taken on Mr. Mallory's
amendment to the motion to postpone; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 60, nays 67; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anconrt, Joseph Bally, Baxter, Biddle,
Jacob 13. Blair, George H. Browne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Corning. Cox, Cravens,
Crisfield, Crittenden, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, English,
Fisher, Granger, Glider, Haight, Hall, Hanchett, Harding,
I-Iorton, Johnson, William Kellogg:. Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Leary, Lehman, McKmght, Malloiy, Mcnzies, Muiris,
Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Peny,
Pnee, Alexander II. llice, Richardson, James S. Rollins,
Sheffield, Shiel, John B. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tram, Wadawoith, B. P. Wal-
ton, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wicklifle, Wood,
Woodruff, and Worcester—66.
NAYS—Messis. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Reaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conklmg, Roscoe Conklmg, Conway, Cutler,
Davis, Diven, Edgeiton, Edwards,Eliot, Fessendun, Fran-
chot, Frank,Gooch, Goodwin,Gurley. Harrison, Hickman,
Hooper, IJutchins, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
Lansing, Loomis, Lovojoy, McPher^on, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. Moriill, Justin S. Morrill, Oiin, Patton,
Pike, Porter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stevens, Trow-
budge, Van Valkcnbuigh, Venee, Wall, Wallace, Charles
W. Walton, Wheeler, Albert S. Wlnte, Wilson, and Win-
dom—67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Nugen had been
called home on indispensable public business.
Mr. WALL stated that Mr. Smith was eon-
lined to his room by indisposition.
The question recurred on Mr. Richardson's
motion to postpone the resolution until Monday
next.
Mr. NOBLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Can I make a single
statement to the House? [Loud cries of" Object!"]
1 wish merely to state that there has been a meet-
ing this morning of a portion of the members of
this House. [Renewed cries of" Object!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and no
remarks are in order.
Mr. NOBLE. I appeal to gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to hear the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BLAKE. No one objects here.
Mr. NOBLE. I understand that the objection
is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand any such thing.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; it is not withdrawn.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
67, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, George II. Btowne, William G. Biown, Calvert,
Ca&ey, Clement^, Cobb, Coiniuji, Cox, Ciavens, Cn-lield,
Ci ittenden, Delano, Diven, Dunhip, Dunn, English, Fisher,
Granger, Gnder, Ilniuht, Hale, Hall, Ilanehett, Hauling,
Johnson, William Kelloge, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leajy,
Lehman, MeKmght, Malloiy, Mcnzio, Moms, Nixon,
Noble, IVoell, Notion, Udell, Pendleton, Peuy, Timothy (J.
PhHps Puce, Alexander II. Rico, Richaul>oii, James S.
Rollins, Sheffield, Shiel, John B. Steele, Stiatton, Benja-
min l<\ Tfioma>, Fiancis Thomas, Ti am, Wads worth, Web-
ster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, WicklifFe, Wood, Wood-
rulf, Woicenter, and Wnght—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Alduch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Biair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Cliamberhn, Clark,
Colfax, Ftederiek A. Conklmg, Roscoe L'onklmg, Conway,
Covode, Cutlui, Davis, Dueii, Edgevton, Edwaids, Eliot,
Ely, Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gui-
Jcy, Ilani.son, Hickman, Iloopei, IJoiton, Ilutehins, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lansing Loomis, Love-
joy, MePheison, Mitchell. Moorhead, Anson P Morull,
Ju>tin S. Monill, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, John II. Rice,
Riddle, EdwaidH. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shcllabar-
gei, Sloan, Stevens, Tiowbridge, Van Valkenimrgb, Yer-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Chailes W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wllson. and Wmdoin—71.
So the House refused to postpone the consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is nowin order,I sup-
pose, to say something on this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KLAIR, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to yield me the floor a moment,
that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to hear the
amendment read before I yield to have it offered.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That nothing heroin shall bo construed to im-
ply that Cougreps will consent to anypaitition of the teru-
toiy now held by tho United States. On the contraiy, it is
again affirmed at-the unalteiable resolution of the House to
pioseeute the wai until the Constitution is reMoied to us
ancient Mipiemacy over every State rightfully a part of the
Union.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to give way that 1 may offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will yield to have it
read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And that Congress, in Older to redeem this pledge. ought
at tins session to pass a bill for the levy and collection of
taxes within the current year for the payment of the pecu-
niary aid so tendered to the States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE spoke for an hour. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DIVEN. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to submit
a very few remarks on this resolution; and I espe-
cially solicit the attention of those who have in-
dicated their opposition to it. I desire very briefly
to allude to the constitutional objections that have
been made to the resolution, and to the objections
of policy made in respect to it. I wish now to
say—1 trust 1 need not say it—but that I may
forever be understood, I wish to say that, whether
this resolution be adopted or not, whether the
border States or the southern States ever choose
to abolish slavery or not, I shall always be for
leaving them in the possession of all the constitu-
tional rights they had at the time they entered into
our Union. I call upon them, however, to con-
sider that all the northern States are not united in
construing the Constitution so as to permit them
at all times to exercise jurisdiction over their own
domestic matters. I believe there is a large ma-
jority in each State that so understands the Con-
stitution and so understands their constitutional
obligations. And these men, who will be found
ever strenuously adhering to the constitutional
rights of the States—some of them at least—under-
stand this resolution as in no manner conflicting
with those rights.
Sir, what has instigated this resolution and rec-
ommendation on the part of the President? I in-
vite men from the border States particularly to
consider what I have to say as my judgment in
that respect. The President has certainly shown "
himself as loyal to the Constitution as any man
in the country. After the triumphs of our armies
in Virginia, in Kentucky, and in Tennessee, and
after it had become manifest that the rebels could
not, by force of arms, maintain their position in
those States—their extreme left wing being mani-
festly turned,and they being outflanked—Jeffer-
son Davis issued a proclamation in which he an-
nounced to the rebels that they had undertaken
too much, more.than, in his judgment, they could
accomplish. I then thought that I understood
what was meant by that. Events that have trans-
pired since, have satisfied me that I was not mis-
taken, and that he meant to abandon the border
States, to concentrate the rebel forces in the heart
of the cotton States, and there maintain an ob-
stinate resistance, which might induce this Gov-
ernment finally to acknowledge the independence
of some few of the cotton States; they hugging
the idea that we care but little for them, if we
could only get the border States—the most valua-
ble m a commercial point of view—and believing
that with the Union thus broken, with that holy
devotion broken which the whole country has
ever had for the Union of Washington, Jefferson,
and Madison, the loyalty for the Union would be
broken. It was then hoped that a potty annoy-
ance would be waged against the border States
until they would be driven, one by one, to join
that confederation of the Gulf States. They would
thus add to their power, and secure what they
now find they cannot secure by force of arms.
Seeing that they were clinging to that hope, the
President is desirous to strip them of their last
hope of lefuge, and to show them that, even
though they should succced in their rebellion, they
will be disappointed in their expectation of draw-
ing the border States with them. Disappointed in
it by this, by a noble, just, fair proposition upon
the part of the Government not to interfere with
any of the reserved rights of these States; not,
under the Constitution or above the Constitution,
to meddle with any of their institutions; not to
assume to pass laws, if we have the right to pass
them, which could interfere with their reserved
rights; but a magnanimous proposition to them,
that if they would stand by the Union, that no
injustice should be done to them. If the posses-
sion of their slaves should become intolerable,
they might have an opportunity to rid themselves
of them without crushing them out, and break-
ing them down. In a spirit of magnanimity,
| the President of the United States recommended
! that this Congress should adopt this resolution,
| looking to an ultimate resort in case any of the
! States at any lime find it necessary, for the pro-
