146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
to the heirs of those who were killed in battle
within that time?
Mr. HOLM AN. I understand the construction
which has been placed upon that act to be this:
If a soldier is discharged from service in conse-
quence of disability incurred subsequent to enter-
ing the service, before the expiration of two years,
he is not entitled to the bounty, but if he is slain
in battle, then his widow or heirs are entitled to
receive the bounty.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish now to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether the bill introduced
and passed in the last session of Congress, giving
$100 bounty to those who shall have been in the
service two years or more, had not for its object
the raising of an army fur the war? If it had been
intended to apply to the three months' men, it
would not have been qualified so as expressly to
cxclude them. I desire to say that the very terms
of that bill show that the three months'men were
expressly intended to be excluded. The bill itself
shows that these men enlisted for a short period
were in consideration, and were not overlooked
by accident. The language of the bill confines its
benefits to those who have served the full period of
two years, and to the heirs of those slain in battle.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the construction
placed upon the bill of the last session. The bill
now before the House, however, extends the pro-
visions of that law to those enlisted for two years
who shall have been honorably discharged from
the service in consequence of wounds leceived or
sickncss incurred white in service, and what I
desire to do now is to place the three months'
men who shall have been so honorably discharged
upon the same footing. I see no reason why we
should discriminate m favor of one class and
against the other.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman then admits
the proposition I suggested. Now, sir, 1 do not
hold that this session of Congiess is bound by
what the last session did; but I do say thnt this
omission was not then a matter of oversight at all,
and the question now is whether we shall still
further deplete the Treasury to the extent of
five or six million dollars by giving a gratuity to
men who have no claims upon us whatever. I
am ready to go as far as anybody can to fulfill all ;
the promises of the Government or encourage- <
ment held out by the Government to secure an :
army; but J do not think we ought to go further
than the promises we have made extend.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Indiana that it seems to me the instructions
which he proposes are inconsistent with the
amendment which is reported by the committee.
This is predicated upon the fact that the law al-
ready gives a bounty of $100 to those who have
enlisted for three yeais, or during the war.
Mr. ITOLMAN. Who have served two years.
Mr. ALLEN. Yes, sir; but no such bounty
was provided for the three months'men. The bill
is intended to supply what was evidently intended
by the act of the last session. No such bounty
was certainly intended for the three months, and
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana is
inconsistent with the purpose of the bill. This
bill provides that those who are disabled in the
service by wounds or otherwise shall receive the
same bounty they would have received if they
had served out their full terms. The three months'
men who are thus disabled, if they had served out
their full terms, would not have been entitled to
bounty. It occurs to mo,therefore, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana,asl have said,
is inconsistent with the purport of the bill.
Let me say further to the gentleman who last
addressed the House, that I understand one of the
objects of providing $100 bounty to anybody was
to hold out an inducement to persons to enlist for
three years or during the war. No such induce-
ment was needed to be held out to the three mouths'
men, whose term of service had already expired.
It was tor this reason that the bounty was not
made applicable to those called out under the first
proclamation of the President. It may be claimed
that the three months'men are entitled to pensions,
but it certainly cannot be claimed that bounty was
needed to induce them to enlist. It is certainly
however proper that those who have enlisted for
three years, but who have been compelled to seek
discharge before the expiration of their term on
account of wounds or disabilities incurred in the
service, should receive the bounty they would have
received if they had served out their full period
of enlistment.
Mr. XdOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I trust that I
will not be deemed as unnecessarily occupying
the time of the House on this question; and i
shall now only attempt to reply to the remarks
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Al-
len] in a very few words. The principle involved
here certainly is a correct one so far as the amend-
ment is concerned, and that is that the soldiers of
the Republic shall be placed upon the same foot-
ing, whether they served the country at one mo-
ment of its embarrassment and peril or at another.
1 see there is a misapprehension felton this point,
and that is that this bill applies not only to the
soldiers now honorably discharged from service,
but also to all the soldiers called outby the proc-
lamation of the President to serve for three
months. That of course is not the case. The
soldier who served out the term of three months
is entitled to no bounty, and receives bounty
by any act of Congress. The soldier enlisted for
three years is entitled to a bounty of $100, pro-
vided he served for a term of two years. It is
proposed to modify that, and to give to the soldier
who served for less than two years a bonus of
§100. All the amendment proposes is, on the
same teirns and conditions, to apply the same
principle to soldiers who enlisted on the first call
of the President—that is to say, that the soldier
who enlisted under the first call is entitled to the
same bonus as the soldier who enlisted underthe
last call by virtue of the legislation of the first ses-
sion of Congress. I insist that all the soldiers of
the Republic shall be treated equally; and even
if this amendment be adopted, there is a discrim-
ination against those who served the country
under the first call. They received the very insig-
nificant sum of eleven dollars a month, while the
soldiers now m service under theactto which this
bill applies receive an additional sum of two dol-
lars, or thirteen dollars a month. So, then, if
there was any argument more cogent in favor of
one proposition than another, it is in favor of ap-
plying this bounty to the soldiers first enlisted in
consequence of their receiving a less compensation
from the Government. These soldiets, on the one
side or the other, are not to be regarded as mer-
cenaries. What I protest against is, that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs should seek to place
the one class upon a different footing as to com-
pensation from those who were enlisted at a differ-
ent time. All I ask is equal-handed justice on the
part of the Republic towards its brave defenders.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to request my friend
from Indiana not to omit to state to the House
that this bounty proposed for the three months'
men who were disabled in the service is in addi-
tion to the pensions which are now allowed to
them by law. I do not want him to omit that fact
in his statement to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is that the soldiers en-
listed under the first or second call, and disabled
and honorably discharged, are entitled to a pen-
sion. That principle applies to both classes of
soldiers, just as I propose this bonus shall apply.
Mr. V'ALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
53, nays 56; as follows:
YDArf—Messrs. Aklncli, Ancona, Arnold. Joseph Uatly,
Bakei, Reaman, Bingham, Jacob Ii. hlair, Samuel S. Hlair,
Blake, Chamberlm, Coll'ax.Fredeiick A.Conklmg,Ro-coe
Conklm^, Due!l, Dutilap, Dunn, Edgerton, Goodwin, Gri-
de r, Half.', Ilam^on, lloiman, Knapp, Lansing, Law, La-
zear, MelOngiit, AlePhei-on, AIitehHI, Moorhead, Mom*,
Noble, Odeil, I'cny, Timothy G. Phelps, Poiter, Potter,
JluOiiifoii, Sai^eant, fcihHiaharger, Slioiman, yinel. Sloan,
Smith, John B Sh-eh', Vandever, Wallace, \Vh< cici.Wha-
lev. Albeit S. White, WiNon, and Wmdotn-—.33
.\ A VS—Me&jis. ANen, Alley, Dalibitt, Uuldlc. France P.
Blair, William G Dtoun, Bulfmton, Dutnliam, Calvert,
Clai k, Cobb, Cooper, ('utler, Daws, Divon, EdwauW, Eliot,
]! Cn£ii-?b. Feuton. Fonke, Francliol, Fiank. Gian^ei, Haid-
. in«, Illekmna, Hutching Julian,Leaiv.Lovejoy. Mallory,
. i JVIaynaid, Anton P Momii. Jusrni S. YloriiU.NoclI. \ uzen.
[ Pike, John if. Rice,Edward II. Uolims, i-Vd^WK'k. Spaidd-
, ing. \Villiain G Steele, Steven*, Benjamin F
! > f Mm, Tumble, Upton,' Yaihmdmham. Van Horn, Wads>-
i j woirh, Wall. F P Walron, WashhuiiH', Wcb^tei.'Cinlton
'' A. White, WieklilK*, and WoodrulT— ,>G
,j So the House lefused to recommit the bill.
.! During the call,
jj Mr. CRAVENS,notbeingwithinthebarwlien
| his name was called, asked leave to vote.
!| Objection was made.
Mr. CRAVENS would have voted in the affirm-
ative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ALLEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to recommit the bill;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
leave of the House to give some information which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] did
not give.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have it in an
unofficial shape—yet I think that it is accurate—
that the number discharged daily for some disa-
bility amounts now to about four hundred. It is
a fact, Mr. Speaker, that many of the men who
have been enlisted in the Army of the United
States were unfit for service at the time of their
enlistment—the surgeons not having done their
duty in passing them. These men come here,
really never having performed any service, and
obtain such certificates as will entitle them to pay
for life. Under these circumstances, I think that
we ought to be somewhat cautious about passing
such a bill as this. I move, therefore, that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLEN. Let nie correct the gentleman.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, simply provides foi such
soldiers as are disabled in the service—those who
weie mustered into the service and discharged be-
cause of inability; those who were unfit for service
when they were mustered into service are not in-
cluded in the provisions of this amendment. It
simply includes those who were discharged be-
cause of disability incurred in the service, and not
because of disabilities which might have existed
at the time of enlistment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am informed
that very many men have been discharged from
service who ought not to have been discharged,
but who are fit forservice. There is notoriously
great abuses in discharging men from the service.
If we are to go on 111 this way why not go back
and give the men, who years ago only received
seven dollars a month, this same sum of thirteen
dollars a month? I think that this bill ought to
be laid upon the table.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont to modify his motion, and move that the
fuitherconsideicition of the bill bepostponeduntil
the second Tuesday of February next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have 110 ob-
jection to modify my motion.
The SPEAKER. The main questionhasbeen
ordered, and amotion toposlpone is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 insist, then, on
my motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tin- question was put to the House; and, on a
division, there were—ayes 63, noes 21; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
, Messrs. Alley and Ciiambeulin".
i The question was taken ; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
| So the bill was laid upon the table.
i CONDUCT OF THE WAR..
! The SPEAKER announced, as the committee
1 on the part of the House to inquire into the con-
duct of the war, Messrs. Goocii of Massachu-
setts, Covode of Pennsylvania, Julian of Indi-
ana, and Oiiell of New York.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also appointed the following
members as regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, on the part of the House: Messrs. Colfax
of Indiana, McPiiehsok of Pennsylvania, und
, Cox of Ohio.
j SEA-COAST FORTIFICATIONS, ETC.
• The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
I message from the President, transmitting copies
