1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
of the correspondence between the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of War, and the Governor of
the State of Maine, on the subjectof the fortifica-
tion of the sea-coast and lakes; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repair of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863; and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
of June, 1862; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. STEVENS, previous notice having; been
given, introduced a bill to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
COURTS-MARTIAL.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, the
Speaker laid before the House Senate bill No. 83,
relative to courts-martial in the Army; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ALLOTMENT CERTIFICATES.
By unanimous consent, also, a bill (S. No. 84)
to provide for allotment certificates among the vol-
unteers was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY AND MAIL ROAD.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a military and mail road;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. V ALL AN DIGH AM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
IR0N-CL\D GUNBOATS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of the unfinished report from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, being House bill No. 153,
"to authorize the construction of twenty iron-clad
steam gunboats. The pending question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam.J
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, Thai wlicie said vpsm?N aie built by contract,
the cost of each shall not exceed j$5SO,000.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to modify
my amendment as follows: stnke out of the bill
the words " by contract or otherwise, as he shall
deem best for the public interest," and modify the
proviso so that it shall read as follows:
Provided, Said gunboats ■dial! be constructed at the public
navy-yards so far as piactieable, oi othejwise by contract
or public letting, to be adv<utt:>edat lea^t ten days previous
to the letting in two newspaper^ in the cities ot' Boston,
New Yoik, Philadelphia, ami Baltnnoie.
Mr. HOLMAN. It may be a matter of some
moment that the Secretary of the Navy should be
able to take action upon this matter at the eailiest
possible moment; and inasmuch as the bidding
will most likely come from one of the cities named,
the newspapers of which have a general circula-
tion, I suggest that the gentleman should reduce
the time of advertisement from ten to five days.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If five days is
thought, by gentlemen familiar with the matter,
sufficient, I have no objection to reducing the
time.
Mr. SEDGWICK It would be impossible to
build these vessels under the requirements of that
amendment. The great difficulty m their con-
struction at an early day is in finding manufac-
turers who can furnish the iron with which they
are to be encased. It piobably would be impos-
sible for the manufacturers of iron in this coun-
try to supply all the iron within twelve months.
It requires iron of a particular description—ham-
mered iron of very large size; and upon commu-
nicating with the iron manufacturers of tins
country, it has been ascertained lhat it would be
impossible to furnish the whole of it within twelve
months. It will therefore be nccessaiy that this
iron, in part, should be bought abroad. The de-
laying the building of these vessels for twelve
months would defeat the purposes entirely for
which they are intended. If they are to be of any
service, it is necessary that they should be had
soon; and therefore it is necessary, if wc desire
that this bill should be passed in such a shape as
to be efficient and of service to the country, that
it should pass substantially in the shape in which
it was reported by the committee. No single con-
tractor undertaking to construct, in the whole, one
of these gunboats could furnish it to the Gov-
ernment within the time required; and so it is
necessary that, instead of building the vessels by
contract, after advertisement, by which one per-
son shall undertake the whole of a vessel, we
must purchase the iion where it can be found,
secure it where it is to be had; we must furnish
the engines from one set of contractors, and the
hulls from others; and so it must be let piece-
meal; and the amendment would defeat the whole
purpose of the bill. Therefore, I object to the
amendment as being probably intended, at least
it will have the effect, to destroy entirely the effi-
ciency of the Navy.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As to the effect
which this amendment would have upon the prop-
osition the House must judge. As to the inten-
tion, there is none other than that which concerns
the pubhc interest, and as the gentleman has qual-
ified the remark, of course I can take no exception
to it. I am informed that there are no mills in
the United States that can furnish this iron, and
probably it cannot be procured under eighteen
months, and I cannot see how that time can be
extended by requiring ten days' notice, and the
letting the contract upon published advertisement,
The contractors will have abundant opportunity
to ascertain where they can find the iron, and if
it cannot be found in the United States it must be
had elsewhere. The entire effect and purpose of
the amendment is to secure the country against
extravagance or fraud or favoritism. Now, the
gentleman from NewYoik has, in my judgment,
entirely failed to show that by inserting this pro-
viso there will be any time whatever lost. If the
iron cannot be found here the contractors will
have to find it elsewhere. He proposes that it
shall be done by contract. The only amendment
I suggest is as to the mode of making that con-
tract, requiring at the same time that, so far as
practicable, these gunboats shall be constructed
in the public navy-yards. That is light. For that
object these yards were constructed and have been
kept up at an enormous expenditure for many
years. But in consideration of the importance of
having these gunboats built as speedily as possible,
we propose to go outside of these yards, and make
contracts for their construction with private per-
sons; and now the simple question is. whether you
will allow unlimited discretion to the Navy Depart-
ment in making the contracts, both as regards
price and persons, or whether you will fix the
limitation proposed m my amendment—namely,
that there should be a public competition among
all the shipbuilders in the United States,oratlcast
thosem thcneighboihoodof the cities named?
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
roiled Ellis, reported as tiuly enrolled "An act
to promote the efficiency of the Navy;" whenthc
Speaker signed the same.
IRON-CLAD STEAMERS AGAIN.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, (resuming.) There
is no time limited in the lull as reported by the
Committee on Naval Affaiis. The limitation arises
ft om the necessities of the case; from the difficulty
of obtaining materials. For the purposes for
winch these boats are to be used, there is, in my
judgment, the most overruling necessity that they
should be constructed as soon, as possible; and
they will be needed 111 case of the oecuirenee with
a foreign Power of the war which seems impend-
ing over us; and in reference to questions of that
kind no man m this House will go fuithcr than I
will m the support of this Administration in the
voting of men and money, and of all othermeans,
for the vigoi ous and successful prosecution ofthat
war, if it cannot be honorably averted. If it can
be, then I am of that number who desire to see no
war at home or abroad. But rather than saciifice
honor, lather than compromise the dignity of this
country, rather than yield principles which we
have maintained for years and years together, lam
ready to meet the combined hostility of the whole
world; and that I believe is the sentiment of the
American people. Therefore it is, that while I
am anxious that these boats shall be built as
speedily as possible—and more than that, that
gunboats shall be placed upon the western lakes,
where we want them to-day, and that bills will
be introduced for that purpose—I am anxious
that they shall be built, with a view to the public
interest, with as much economy as possible.
I trust, therefore, that the proposed amendment
will receive the consideration of the House in the
spirit in which it is submitted, but especially upon
the merits on its face.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of privilege. I ask that the rule in relation to the
admission of persons upon this floor may be en-
forced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the Door-
keeper to see that the rules of the House, in that
respect, are strictly enforced.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether,
under this bill, it is intended to build gunboats
differing in character from the one now building
at Mystic, Connecticut?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is.
Mr. DAWES. In what respects are these to
differ from the one now building at Mystic?
Mr. SEDGWICK. These boats arc to be built
upon an entirely new plan, and differing from any
now being built. The details and specifications
I do not deem it pi udent to disclose, even if I had
the means of stating particularly how they are
to be built. The plan has been well considered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs and by the
Navy Department, and is novel somewhat in the
construction of vessels; but it would not subserve
the public interest to tell exactly how the vessels
arc to be built. I should not feel competent to
alter the mode of construction, that having been
settled by a board of naval officers; and I do not
believe the House would undertake to do so.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps my friend can give us
the contract under which that one is being built
at Mystic, and then we may he able to judge of
the best method of building these. I have some
knowledge of the building of the iron-clad gun-
boat, as it is called, at Mystic, and 1 wish the
House might have the benefit of the contract un-
der which it is being built, if it is m the power of
the gentleman from New York to give it to us,
and if it would not mterfeic with the pubhc,in-
terest.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Wc have had some expe-
rience, Mr. Speaker, in building vessels by con-
tract. The Pensacola, now lying opposite Alex-
andria, affords an instance of the beauty of building
vessels by contract. A contract was made for put-
ting the engines in nearly two years ago, and she
now lies unfinished in the Potomac, They have
adopted measures to bring the contractor to a close
of his contract by getting him upon the vessel
and keeping him thcie as a prisoner; and in that
way they may bring the thing to a close some
time during the existence of the war. [Laughter.]
Now, I undertake to say that there has not been
a vessel letat public letting, where the contractors
were to complete the whole of it, that has not cost
a great deal more than similar vessels constructed,
as far as has been possible, in the navy-yards. But
here is a case in which they are required to resort
to extraordinary measures to bring these vessels
to a speedy completion. You cannotcontract un-
der a system of public Icttings, because there is no
contractor who, within the five days proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] or
the ten days proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] can begin to ascer-
tain the cost of the iron plaung. He cannot find
out where he can get it in ten days. It is to be
purchased, in great part, in the markets of the
world, and cannot be manufactured at home. The
whole force of the iron manufacturers of this coun-
tiy could not furnish these plates as early as they
are required.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandig-
iiam] says that these vessels may be useful if they
are not finished within a year, in some fancied
contest winch he supposes we are to engage in with
one of the great nations of the world. Now, these
vessels are not required for any such purpose, it
did not enter into the design of the Department
