THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D- 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 4, 1862.
New Series Iso. 194.
presents to the Senate a bill in which the House
of Representatives have concurred, with certain
amendments; and on those amendments being re-
turned to the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, that committee reported them
back with a recommendation that the Senate dis-
agree to the House amendments. The amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled " An act supplementary to the act
entitled < An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States/ " will be read.
The Secretary read the amendments, as follows:
1. At the end of the seventh line of section one, after the
word " Arkansas," insert the word " Kentucky."
2. Strike out, in section one, the whole of lines ten,
eleven, and twelve, and ail of line thirteen except the last
word, and insert in lieu thereof," the districts of Ohio and
Michigan shall constitute the seventh circuit; the districts
of Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin shall constitute the
eighth circuit; the districts of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri,
and Kansas shall constitute the ninth circuit.
3. After the word " districts," in the twenty-second line
of section one, insert, " except in the district of Iowa, in
which the circuit court shall be holden at the capital of the
State on the second Tuesday in Mayand November of each
year, at which times and places terms of the district court
bhalJ beholden: Provided, This actshali not interfere with
the terms of said district court now provided by law for said
district."
4. At the end of line four, in section two, insert" Ken-
tucky."
5. In line nine, of section three, page 2, strike out" April"
and insert "October."
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not had time to con-
eider this question, and I feel very much inter-
ested in it.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendments fix it the
way you wanted it before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that the proper course of proceed-
ing would be to read the amendments in order
and take the question whether the Senate will con-
cur in the amendments; or, as recommended by
the Committee on the Judiciary, to take the ques-
tion on a motion to disagree to the House amend-
ments, would be the more ready and perhaps
more proper course of proceeding, if that is in-
tended to be followed by a motion for a committee
of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to have the
first amendment read.
The Secretary read the first amendment, at the
end of line seven, in section one, after the word
" Arkansas" insert " Kentucky;" so as to make
the bill read, " the districts of Louisiana, Texas,
Arkansas, Kentucky, and Tennessee shall con-
stitute the sixth circuit."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the members of the
Senate will give me their attention for a few mo-
ments, I think I can explain, so that all will un-
derstand what the difference is between the hill as
itpassed the Senate and the bill as it will stand if
amended in the manner proposed by the House
of Representatives. 1 will state as preliminary to
that, that the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth
circuits are the same by the Senate bill and by the
bill as amended by the House of Representatives.
The House agree to the Senate bill so far as those
circuits are concerned. The first difference be-
tween the two Houses arises in the sixth circuit.
The sixth circuit, as the bill passed the Senate,
embraces the States of Louisiana, Texas, Arkan-
sas, and Tennessee, with a population of2,856,966.
The House change that circuit by adding to it the
State of Kentucky, which would give the circuit a
population of 4,012,709. The House amendment
puts the States of Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkan-
sas, Texas, and Louisiana into Judge Catron's
circuit. Every Senator is sufficiently acquainted
with the geography of the country to know what
a circuit that would be, running from Kentucky
over into Arkansas, and through Louisiana into
Texas, with a population of upwards of four mil-
lions.
To divide the population of the United States
equally into nine circuits would give to each cir-
cuit about three million three hundred thousand in
194
round numbers, so that the southwestern circuit,
by annexing Kentucky to it, is made very much
larger than it was by the Senate bill. The sev-
enth circuit, as the bill passed the Senate, was
composed ofOhioand Kentucky, which,together,
have a population of 3,495,312. The House
amendments make the seventh circuit to consist of
Ohio and Michigan. These States together have
a population of a little over three millions, which
would make about a fair circuit in point of pop-
ulation. The eighth circuit, by the arrangement
ofthe Senate bill, consisted of Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota, which together have
a population of 3,047,948. The House changed
the eighth circuit so as to make it consist of Indi-
ana, Illinois,and Wisconsin. Thesethree States
have a population of about three million eight
hundred thousand. The ninth circuit, by the Sen-
ate bill, is made to consist of Illinois, Missouri,
and Iowa, with a population of 3,676,128. The
ninth circuit, as the House of Representatives
amended the bill, consists of Minnesota, Iowa,
Missouri, and Kansas, the four States west of
the Mississippi river.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken on each of the House amendments
separately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difference in princi-
ple is this: the Senate bill is based upon population ,
and equalizes the different circuits as nearly as it
could be done without dividing States and making
them very ill shapen. The House billdeparts from
this principle. We have nine Supreme Court
judges in the United States when the bench is full.
Three, Clifford, Nelson, and Grier, are ill the
northern and middle States, and the northern and
middle States have a population of about ten mil-
lions, entitling them to three judges. As the bill
passed the Senate the three southern circuits, pre-
sided over by Taney, Waynp, and Catron, would
have about ten million population; and the three
northwestern circuits, including Missouri and
Kentucky, would have about ten millions; but by
placing Kentucky south, in Judge Catron's cir-
cuit, and running it down to Louisiana and Texas,
you leave only about nine million population in
the three northwestern circuits, and you make
the three southern circuits consist of some eleven
millions.
I have, myself, no sort of feelingabout the bill.
So far as the State of Illinois is concerned, I am
indifferent whether it is in a circuit with the State
of Missouri, Kansas, and Iowa, or with Indiana
and Wisconsin. It was only upon principles of
equality that the Judiciary Committee came to
the conclusion that the Senate bill was fairer than
the amendment adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the first amendment of the
House of Representatives. The Senate Commit-
tee on the Judiciary recommend that the Senate
do not concur in that amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire the attention of the
Senate for a moment, as this is a matter in which
my people feel a great interest. I am opposed to
concurring in the amendment of the House of
Representatives; I am likewise opposed to the
bill as it passed the Senate. I have drawn up an
amendment that 1 shall offer at the proper time,
and I desire now to read it that the Senate may
know what 1 have to submit, and 1 will state the
population of the respective divisions according
to my amendment.
The bill, as itpassed the Senate, put into one
circuit Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wis-
consin. As it is amended by the House of Rep-
resentatives it places Illinois and Iowa together m
one circuit. I am aware, as the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois says, that there is some trouble in making
the various circuits equal in population, but there
are other interests that the Senate ought to look
at. There are questions independent of the popu-
lation of each of those circuits. For instance, my
State has always been connected with Ohio in one
circuit, and I believe that in the amendment which
I propose to offer I have the concurrence of the
Senators from Ohio and Michigan. I present r y
amendment now as an argument in favor of not
concurring in the amendmentof the HouseofRep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana, as the Chair understands, proposes
to move an amendment to the House amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT. But not to this amendment of
the House. I am opposed to concurring in this
amendment of the House, and I shall offer my
amendment to their next amendment, and I desire
now to present my reasons against concurring in
the first amendment, looking to the whole bill, and
to give my views on what I think ought to be the
action of the Senate. If the Senate do not concur
in the first amendment of the House, I shall pro-
pose to amend the second amendment so as to pro-
vide " that the districts of Ohio, Michigan, and
Indiana shall constitute the seventh circuit; the
districts of Kentucky, Illinois, and Wisconsin
shall constitute the eighth circuit, and the districts
of Missouri, Iowa,'Kansas, and Minnesota shall
constitute the ninth circuit."
The population of the three districts of Ohio,
Michigan, and Indiana is 4,439,000 and their ter-
ritory contains 130,000 square miles. The next
circuit as proposed by me, Kentucky, Illinois,
and Wisconsin, has a population of 3,642,000and
147,000 square miles. The proposed ninth circuit,
Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas, has a
population of 2,117,397 to 800,000 square miles.
I think that no Senator who will take the map
and plat off the States that are to form these three
circuits, could form three better suited to the peo-
ple and do more even justice. Kentucky, by this
arrangement, falls with Illinois and Wisconsin.
By this arrangement, the districts of a circuit are
all contiguous. By the original bill as it passed
the Senate, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota were put together. Tile distance from
the south end of my State to the northern end of
Wisconsin or Minnesota is greater than the ^dis-
tance from Michigan to the Gulf of Mexico. The
people have no intercourse. A judge 111 my State,
as the bill passed the Senate, couid not get into
another State in his circuit without traveling over
other territoiy. We have no community of inter-
est with the northern part of Wisconsin and Min-
nesota, a distance of twelve hundred miles from
the southern part of my State.
The people of Indiana, from the time they have
been a State, have been connected with Ohio.
Their judge has been ours. The judge of the
circuit of Ohio can go to my city in four hours;
he can go to Michigan in five hours. 1 am now
speaking for the Senators from Michigan and
Ohio and Indiana. They ull agree that this is the
proper circuit. We want neither the Senate bill
nor the House amendments. 1 am aware that the
circuit which I propose for these three States eon-
tains half a million more population than the ad-
joining circuit, and a million and a half moie than
the new circuit west of the Mississippi; but in-
stead of one hundred and thirty thousand square
miles as we have, the new circuit has eight hun-
dred thousand. I might further show the per-
centage of increase of population in the western
States, but the Senate is asvave of it.
The people of Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan,
are one people. They have grown up together.
Their legislation and policy are very similar. It
is now proposed by the Senate, bill to throw In-
diana into a circuit twelve or fifteen hundred miles
in length. The House amendment throws us with
Illinois, and takes us away from Ohio; and you
thus associate us with a people with whom we
have never had any intercourse, so far as judicial
proceedings are concerned. As i have said, I speak
for four and a half million people in the three
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan, in desiring
that the House amendmontshould be voted down,
and the circuits arranged as I propose,
I am aware that the Senator fiom Iowa L-Mi.
Grimes] is opposed to the arrangement which I
propose. He wants the House amendments adopt-
ed. If I had to take a choice between the bill as
amended by the House and as it passed the Senate)
