1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the act of the North as of the South, and if it is
to be got rid of, it is as much a moral obligation
upon them as upon us to exert themselves in that
regard, let them present this proposition in good
faith to us, and let us have time to consider and
act upon it. When they have done that, it will
be time enough for us to accept or to reject the
proposition.
I have opposed the consideration of this sub-
ject immediately. I did not want this subject at
once to be brought to the consideration of the
House and to a vote. J wanted this subject to go
out to the country; I wanted it discussed by my
people. 1 wanted them to see and to examine
every question connected with it. I wanted them
to intimate their feelings on the subject. When
that was done, I would be ready to vote on this
question. Forced as the question now is upon
me, withouttime for consideration, and freighted
as the resolution is with reasons appealing to my-
self and constituents personally, 1 am constrained
to vote against it.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, nothing was further
from my intention a few moments ago than to
have uttered one word on the subject of this res-
olution, and 1 should not have done so now had
I notcasualiy listened to a few observations which
fell from the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe,] whose position in this House, and
whose position in his own State is calculated to
have great weight and influence upon public opin-
ion, at least so far as his own State is concerned,
if not upon the neighboring States. All, I think,
will hear testimony that during the present ses-
sion I, at least, have said no word and scarcely
have given a vote that could offend or give con-
cern to gentlemen who are so sensitive upon that
interest of slavery in the border States. Now,
the gentleman from Kentucky, without intending
it no doubt, has said what, in my judgment, he
was not warranted in saying in leference to the
action of this House; and, so far as his influence
goes, what ho said will give his own State an en-
tirely false and erroneous opinion of the purpose
of the President of the United States, and of the
members upon this floor in icgard to the emanci-
pation of slaves.
The gentleman took occasion to allude to the
vote which was given the other day on the reso-
lution submitted by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmaw] Tliatresolution was a literal copy
of the resolution introduced last session by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden,]
andadopted by this House with groat unanimity.
A maggot always disturbs the head of the gontle-
munfrom Indiana, and for sonic reason he thought
proper to introduce the Crittenden resolution
again, and a majority of the members of the House,
I among others, thought it proper to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table. I do not claim there was any
great sagacity in that vote. We once passed that
resolution with almost en tire unanimity, and now I
submit would it not look ridiculous, contemptibly
ridiculous, were a resolution of that kind to be
repeated once a week by the same Congress ? I
think thatconsideration was a sufficient reason for
laying the resolution upon the table. The House
by no vote and by no act had expressed the slight-
est dissent from the views it entertained on "the
passage of the Crittenden resolution, and the
resolution was again offered to the House, as a
number of things are thrown in, for the purpose
of getting the member's name in the Globe or
before the country as having offered a resolu-
tion.
Now, it is not true that either this House or the
people of this country have any other motive in
the prosecution of this war than they had in Au-
gust last. They are fighting this war for the
maintenance of the Constitution and the Union.
That is their object, and their sole object. I speak
now of ninety-nine hundredths of the people of
the free^ States. I know that there is a difference
of opinion upon another question, and that is as
to the means to be employed for the prosecution
of this war. I know that some gentlemen, and
perhaps my friend from Illinois [Mr. LovejoyJ
for one, think that the best way is, like the Dutch
Governor of New York, to fight it by proclama-
tions, to proclaim liberty throughout the land to
the captives. Another gentleman would say, let
the negro question alone.
Mr, LO VEJOY. I beg the gentleman's par-
don for interrupting him; but I simply desire to
say that I want to fight with bayonets and bul-
lets, and not with proclamations.
Mr. OLIN. I am happy to hear that, and it
will enlighten the House upon that point, I have
no doubt.
Now, there is, as I have observed, a difference
of opinion upon this subject. But every intelli-
gent man in the fiee States as well as in the slave
States knows—the whole world knows—that this
institution of slavery, never very palatable to the
free States of the Union, has been the cause of
this accursed rebellion. Mr. Speaker, you re-
member Toombs said that that institution could
only exist as long as slaveholders controlled this
Government, and that when they were deprived
of the power and patronage of the Government to
uphold it, that institution must fall. Slaveholders
having been deprived of that power, this rebellion
is the consequence. Now, gentlemen from slave
States must treat with a little forbearance my
friends upon this side of the House. I beg you
remember they, together with all the world, know
that this war has been brought upon us by men
who sought to control the destinies of this coun-
tiy by wielding the influence of slavery. It is not
to be wondered at that the people of the free States
do not feel very kindly disposed towards that
institution, or that every opportunity is sought
within the constitutional limits of the Government
to strike a blow at that institution which, if it
shall not destroy it forever, will leave it in such
a situation that it will never hereafter bo a dis-
turbing power m the administration of this Gov-
ernment.
Now, I am desirous to see this war prosecuted
within the strict I imi ts of the Constitution. I think
that this Government is released from no obliga-
tion to my friend from Kentucky by reason of
this rebellion; that the Government is bound to
protect all his rights of property and everything
that is dear to him in his social and political le-
lations, and I wish to see the war prosccuted suc-
cessfully, if it may be, with a most sacred regard
to all the rights of every citizen. In my humble
judgment the whole strength of this accursed re-
bellion le&ts in an entire delusion on the part of the
southern people. Every gentleman who has held
a seat on the floor of this House as long as I have
knows one fact, and that is, that there has been for
years a strenuous, constant, and persistent effort
on the part of some southern men in this House
and out of it, to imbue the entile southern mind
with the idea that the party now in power, if they
ever did attain power, would, by force and violence,
if necessary, emancipate their slaves; and it is that
belief that now adds strength to their army. If
that delusion could be dispelled, this rebellion
would melt away like frost-work before the sun.
I believe as sincerely that that is so as I believe
any truth revealed from above.
What, then, is obviously the policy of the Gov-
ernment in respect to this measure? Why, I
think—though, perhaps, my opinion upon that
subject is not worth much—that the President is
puisuing a wise and prudent course, and I think
that my friend from Kentucky is unnecessarily
alarmed at the introduction of this resolution.
What is it, in its whole scope and extent? Why,
simply that if you gentlemen of the slave States
arc willing to jet rid of slavery, the General Gov-
ernment will aid you to do it by giving you a
compensation for any loss that you may sustain;
and although I am not woith much, God knows
I would divide my last crust of bread to aid our
southern friends to get rid of slavery, and let us
live m peace and harmony together. I have not
a great deal; hut, thank God! what there is of it
has been earned by honest industry,and I would
cheerfully divide it to aid you. gentlemen, in ac-
complishing that object. If these gentlemen say,
" we cannot affoid to make the sacrifice of man-
umitting our slaves,5' the Piesulent says, " very
well; the Geneial Government will aid you to
accomplish it." That is the magnanimous, the
gieat, the God-like policy of the Administration.
Out while it says that, it says to you and it says
to the woild, " we do not propose to force this
question of emancipation upon you; you are per-
fectly fice to accept or to i eject the offer. We dis-
claim entirely the right to constrain you in the
matter."
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wick-
liffe] says that the offer to aid in the emancipa-
tion of the slaves is an interference with this insti-
tution. Merciful God! Does this institution make
you mad ? Must you close your eyes to what is
going on all over the civilized world? Look, I
beseech you, at this matter! Conduct your Army
in the best way you can, with the most sacred re-
gard to every right, and when it overruns a State,
as it has overrun Missouri, what is the result?
Where have gone to-day her slave population?
Nearly two thirds of them have fled either North
or South; and if our Army marches successfully
through Kentucky and Tennessee, to some extent
this same result will be produced there. Nay,
more. As they march through other States, as
they are now marching through South Carolina,
thousands upon thousands of these poor negro
slaves will flock to the standard of the Union—
the slaves of rebel masters, the slaves of men who
have taken up arms to subvert this Government,
a Government such as was never founded by man.
And do you think, I pray you, that any power
of this Government, judicial, military, or execu-
tive, can ever be induced to surrender those men
to those rebel masters? Oh, no; you are touching
there a chord that vibrates through the whole
northern heart, and it says we never will consent
that property of this description shall be returned
to men thus arrayed against the Government by
the strong arm of the Government.
I have observed that the policy of the Admin-
istration is in my judgment a wise and salutary
one. I have thought it the duty of all the free
States to impress upon the southern mind that the
Government is determined to adhere to the Con-
stitution, to observe the letter and spirit of the
law, and compel obedience to each by the Army.
I think that it is the policy of the President and
the Administration—and a wise policy too—to
impiess upon the people of the slave States that
their rights under the Constitution shall be pie-
seive'd to the letter. I have thought so because I
believe, and I think it fitting to utter the sentiment
hero—because I believe and do now most reli-
giously believe, that unless you can conciliate the
support of a very considerable proportion of the
population of the slave States, this war is a use-
less war, tbatitis notin the power even of twenty
millions of free people to subjugate and hold in
subjugation the population of the eleven slave
States which have gone through the forms of se-
ceding from the Union. If this population were
compressed within the compass, perhaps, of the
State of Virginia, it very possibly might be done;
but in an extent of territory as large as that of
these eleven slave States, sparsely settled with six
millions of inhabitants, such a feat never was per-
formed and recorded in history and never will be
performed, when the entire population is hostile,
as to subjugate them and hold them as subjugated
provinces. I therefore believe that it is wise; I
think that it is the policy of the Government, I
am sure it is the policy of the great majoiity of
the northern people, to conciliate every man, and
to maintain and defend the rights of every man
who is disposed to stand by the old flag of the
Union.
Now, I have said, Mr. Speaker, that there is a
disagreement as to the means proposed foi the
prosecution of the war. I have, perhaps, said suf-
ficient to indicate my views of policy on that sub-
I ject; that while i would pursue with that just di-
| vine vengeance which ought to be meted out to the
II men who have instigated and promoted and ear-
lied on this lebellion, I would, as against the peo-
:! pic generally, who have even engaged in it, show
I! them on the first fitting occasion that the Govein-
! i ment was not their one my, that the old Government
'} of the Union was what it ever has been, a benefi-
cent and paternal Government, the best Govern-
ij ment the world hasknowu,andthat no man except
i; the wretch who deserves the criminal's cell has
'! ever felt its arm, save as the earth has felt the gentle
■ ; dewsofheaven—in its blessings. I would, there-
1J fore, conciliate that people. But, on the other hand
; —and that, I think,is the sentiment of the people
of the free States—whatever is necessary in the
! last extremity to preserve the Federal Govom-
; ment will be employed for that purpose. While
| 1 would regret to see, above everything that can
■j possibly occur on this earth, a servile insurrce-
; tion, with indiscriminate butchery of women and
■t children, still, in view of even that dread calam-
ity, before I would see this Government upturned,
it is due to us, due to the world, due to coming
, generations, that we should leave this continenta
