148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
in recommending them. They arc required at
home, for use here, and it is the latent intent to
embarrass the Department, according to the de-
bate which we had here a day or two ago, in
bringing this rebellion to a closc by means of these
vessels. That is the intention, and it is idle to
talk about the use of these vessels to support the
honor of the country in some foreign war. I hope
and believe, sir, that no such foreign war is im-
pending. If it is, I trust we shall meet it in a
proper spirit when it comes; but there is no oc-
casion; there has been no insult offered by this
country of which any foreign nation can complain
that affords an occasion for war. No such thing
has been done, and it is too late in the history of
the world forcivilized nations to plunge into cause-
less wars. We are to engage in no such contest.
We want these vessels for service at home, for
the putting down of rebellion here, and if it is the
purpose of the gentleman to embarrass the Depart-
ment in this matter  
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the gentle-
man from New York to order. I desire to know
if he intends to impute any such motive to me
after the disclaimer I have made. I call him to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is not in order to refer to the motives of gentle-
men.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not impeach the mo-
tives ofthegentlemanatall. I speak of the intention
expressed by the gentleman—the intention which
he proclaimed the day before yesterday—to " em-
barrass" the Navy Department.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is to embar-
rass it in the way of preventing frauds or extrav-
agance.
Mr. SEDGWICK. We all understand what
embarrassing the Navy Department in these days
means. The language is upon record. He said
he intended to embarrass the Department.
Gentlemen talk aboutconstructing these vessels
by contract on advertisement for lettings for five
and ten days. That is the purport of tins amend-
ment to which I wish to call the attention of the
House. I say it is not possible for any contractor
to take the plans and examine them and satisfy
himself what he can construct the vessels for in
ten days. If we mean to have them built at all,
we must leave it to the discretion of the Depart-
ment to construct in the navy-yards such parts as
can be done most speedily, and have done by con-
tract all that they cannot supply themselves with
in the navy-yards. If you change, substantially,
those features in the bill you make it entirely
worthless, and the Department is embarrassed not
only in the construction of the vessels, but it is
utterly embarrassed in its plan of overthrowing
this rebellion and seizing the cities in the south-
ern States by means of these armed vessels. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to know whether
there is not a law of Congress which icquires that
there shall be an advertisement for lettings if the
work is to be done by contract? I so under-
stand it; and I want to know whether this bill
intends to repeal that law so far as it regards the
building of these vessels or the supplying of the
boilers or boiler plates? I hope, if that is the in-
tention, that the bill will not pass. I should like
that all contracts should be given out according
to that general law, although I know it has been
greatly disregarded, much to the detriment of the
public interests, during the last six months. I
hope,therefore,thatitwill be understood whether
that law is to be repealed by this bill. If it is to
be, I shall vote for the amendment, for I believe
the iron-masters of this country can furnish the
iron, and I think that those who undertake to fur-
nish the boilers and plates can, in ten or m twenty
days, tell exactly what they will cost. I do not
want these contracts given to friends, brothers,
brothers-in-law, and persons of that kind, who
get private contracts at twice the amount for which
the work could be done for at public letting. I
renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The gentleman, perhaps,
desired an answer to his question?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; I renewed the call
at the request of the gentleman, as I supposed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I think the insinuation con-
tained in the last part of the gentleman's question,
or speech, whichever it may be termed, is an un-
worthy one to come from that source. I do be-
lieve that there is a disposition on the part of the
Navy Department, and that it has been shown by
acts which have become a part of the history of
the country, and a very glorious part of the history
of the country, to employ the Navy in the prose-
cution of this war in such a manner that no Rep-
resentative of the people need be ashamed of it;
and if this war is to be brought to a termination I
believe it will be brought to it by just such expe-
ditions as have been set on foot by the Navy De-
partment , and which arc proposed to be prosecuted
by the construction of these vessels.
Now, in regard to the gentleman's statement in
respect to the manufacture of iron, I have this to
say: that long ago propositions have been sent to
all the leading manufacturers of iron in the State
which the gentleman in part represents, and in all
the other iron manufacturing districts of the coun-
try. Those gentleman have been in attendance
here in the city of Washington, and what I state
is the result of information from them.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not that refer simply
to the plates to clothe the vessels, and not to the
boilers, the machinery, and all that?
Mr. SEDGWICK. There is no difficulty what-
ever in obtaining all the materials for the construc-
tion of these vessels save the iron for their pro-
tection. These plates are to be very large, of the
best quality of hammered iron, and so bent as to
fit the model of a vessel. I repeat what I have
said, that unless the Department is at liberty to
procure the iron wherever it may be found, the
vessels cannot be constructed, and you cannot
find men in the country who, upon advertisement
of five, ten, or twenty days, will undertake to
clothe a single one of these gunboats with such
an armor.
It is not a thing possible to be done. If, there-
fore, you mean to embarrass the Department by
adopting an amendment of this kind, you might
as well refuse to pass the bill at all, and refuse to
give the Department leave to construct the vessels
at all. In the bills which the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will present to
you this House will be asked to vote millions and
hundreds of millions of dollars to support an
Army which goes into winter quarters in summer
weather, and does not move forward toward the
enemy at all; while you are asked to refuse the
sum of $12,000,000 for the fitting out of naval ex-
peditions that will penetrate into every harbor of
the country that is occupied by the rebels. If we
had these vessels now ready in our yards to send
out on expeditions, I would guaranty that there
is not a southern port where there is twelve feet
of water on the bar that would not be in our pos-
session within the twelve months required to
construct them. It is the only way in which the
rebellion can be put down; and it is virtually
denying success to our arms to refuse to furnish
the Navy Department with power to put these
vessels afloatatthe very earliest moment at which
they can be furnished. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF LAWS.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the more convenient and effective
enforcement of the laws of the United States con-
cerning security to keep the peace, and for good
behavior; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROJI COMMI'CEEES
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the call of committees for reports.
HENRY SAWYER.
Mr. McKNIGHT, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a joint resolution author-
izing Henry Sawyer to accept a medal; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution authorizes Henry Sawyer, con-
sul to Surinam, to accept a medal recently trans-
mitted to him by the King of Holland, for an act
of humanity in an effort to save the life of a sub-
ject of that kingdom.
Mr. McKNIGHT. This resolution is in the
usual form. The medal was sent by the King of
Holland a year or two since, and has been in the
possession of Mr. Sawyer. Of course he has no
right to accept it without leave. I believe the act
in question was his plunging into the harbor of
Paramaribo, to save the life of a subject of the
King of Holland.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
TREASURY AND CAPITOL EXTENSIONS.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on Expendi-
tures on the Public Buildings, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings be and are hereby instructed to inquire
into the probable cost of the Treasuiy building extension
and the Capitol extension, the manner in which the work
is done and is being executed, and whether the original de-
signs aie being carried out or not; and whether the several
contracts pei tabling thereto aie being faithtully performed;
and also whether the same objects cannot be attained with
lees expense to the Government; and also whether the offi-
ceis of the Bureau of Construction are, in the judgment of
the committee, qualified to discharge the duties thereof
piopeily, and whether they have done so oi not; and that
said committee investigate and report to this House such
facts in lelation to the several rnatteis leferred to as they
shdlI deem proper, and that they iiave power to send for
jieisons and papers.
BEAD LETTER OFFICE.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to pro-
mote the efficiency of the dead letter office; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the JPostmaster General to
return all dead letters, except those containing cir-
culars and other worthless matter, to their writers,
whenever their names can be ascertained-—all val-
uable letters to be charged treble and all others
double the ordinary rate of postage, to be collected
from the writer. It also authorizes the Postmas-
ter General to employ not exceeding twenty-five
additional clerks, at not exceeding $800 salary per
year; provided he is satisfied that the receipts for
dead letter postage will amount to a sum sufficient
to pay their aggregate compensation, and shall
report at the next session of Congress the addi-
tional income from that source, with its cost and
its statistical results.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill is reported m ac-
cordance with the recommendation of the Post-
master General, in his report. The committee
consulted with him, and are satisfied that this meas-
ure will not only be of benefit to the public, but
will also swell the revenue of the Department. If
any gentleman wish any further information in
regard to it, I will give it to him. If the House is
satisfied, I wish to have the bill put upon its
passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is to be the additional
expense of the Post Office Department growing
out of the measure?
Mr. COLFAX. The effect will be to increase
the revenue instead of increasing the expense.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague does not un-
derstand my question.
Mr. COLFAX. Oh, yes.
Mr. HOLMAN. As to the increase of revenue,
that is a matter of speculation. The question I
ask is, what is to be the additional expense of the
Department ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the question
fully, so that the House may understand it. At
the last session of Congress the Post Office Com-
mittee reported a bill requiring a postage of three
cents to be paid on valuable dead letters returned
to their writers. They also reported another bill,
which was passed by Congress, placing at the dis-
posal of the Postmaster General the"unclaimed
money arising from dead letters, which was pre-
viously placed in the Treasury of the United
States. I mean by that, the money which, on
