1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
In my own city, of some forty thousand inhab-
itants, there are between fifty and seventy-five of
the colored population who have* the property qual-
ific&tionand have voted invariably in our elections,
and they may safely challenge comparison with
the average white population of my district for in-
telligence, information, sobriety, and every char-
acteristic that belongs to the Christian manhood.
Nay, more; they have not only accomplished all
this, but they have done it under the most adverse
ejrcumstancesand influences that could press down
to the earth a human being.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am sorry to see what, in
my judgment, is an unnecessary amount of ex-
citement and feeling in this House upon this res-
olution. I say unnecessary, because there is
nothing in the resolution, and there is nothing in
the message, I am persuaded, which can be tor-
tured into anything but the kindest regard and the
most tender consideration for every interest and
for every section of the country. Certainly gentle-
men from the border slave Slates have no right to
complain that it is not well meant towaids them.
If we of the North acquiesce and cheerfully sub-
mit to aid you, if you choose, to emancipate your
slaves and get rid of thispopulation;ifwe volun-
tarily make that sacrifice and give it to you, in
God's name, can you complain? Can you regard
it as an act of hostility towards you ? I should
have been happy to have seen this House act
"with great unanimity upon a question of this kind.
Now, sir, there was a measure reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and adopted
by the House, and the gentleman from Kentucky
has attempted to putan interpretation upon it that
was never thought of before or that it was believed
the measure was capable of bearing. It provides
that our Army should not engage or be employed
in the return of fugitive slaves to their masters.
That was, in my judgment, a proper and neces-
sary measure. The officers of the Army were
never meant for any such purpose. They aic
clothed with no judicial powers. It was none of
their business, and ihey ought to have left it alone.
The gentleman says that the Aimy are now pro-
hibited from being used by the Government in aid
of the legal proceedings or decrees of a competent
court. That \a not so, and nothing was further
from the intention of those who framed the hill.
1 was sorry to see the gentleman from Kentucky
attempt to give a false construction to that mens-
ure. I know my fnend's loyalty to the Union.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. I wanted to offeratnmiend-
ment to prohibit officers of the Army from enticing
gjavesfrom their mastery, and I was not peinutted
to do so. So fat as the Army has passed through
our country, tiny have returned the fugitive
slaves to then- mnstvi s. Even the slaves that were
captured at. Fort D.ou-lson were returned to their
masters. 1 know that the large portion of slaves
that has been lost has been lost through Lane and
Montgomery. They have taken up slaves, and
when they were claimed by their master?!, they
have only given certificates that so-and-so lost so
many slaves by the movement of the Army of the
United Slates. If the slaves belonged to rebels,
then they were taken to Kansas, and set free.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to understand fiom
the gentleman from Kentucky whether he means
to state that officers of the Army or any of them
have returned slaves to their masters?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I stated what I under-
stood the fact to be. I have understood when
General Grant took Fort Donelson, that he found
there some twelve slaves, which he delivered up
to their masters.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Did General Grant deliver
them up?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not know who deliv-
ered them up. I do not know, for I was not there.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. Then how does the gentle-
man know the fact ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Just as the gentleman
knows a great many things—from the newspapers.
Mr, OL1N. Now, Mr. Speaker, instead of
occupying the time of the House for only a few
moments, I have consumed neaily an hour. 1
regret exceedingly that this measure should ha\e
created the amount of feeling that has evidently
been exhibited. I attribute it not to the fault of
any one member, but to the rules of this House,
which seem to be made for the government of
fools and knaves. I attribute it to the manner in
which this discussion has been brought about. I
should have been glad to hear my friend from
Tennessee and my friend from Kentucky on this
question. I think it was due to the House and to
the country that a measure which may be regarded
as one of the gravest which can engage the atten-
tion of the Congress of the United States, and
which commits us to a policy which no man can
perceive the end of so far as the pecuniary results
are concerned—I say that it was due to the coun-
try that a proposition of so much importance
should be fully considered and debated. It was
due to gentlemen representing a constituency sen-
sitive to every vote or declaration of this Con-
gress, that they should be heard upon it. They
look to every vote and declaration of Congress to
see whether they can d iscover w hether the enemies
ofthecountry have interpreted rightly,or whether
there is assurance that speaks in language that
cannot be misunderstood that those men who have
stood by the old flag and sacrificed everything for
it, shall be protected in their rights and their in-
stitutions.
Mr. Speaker, it has been no sacrifice to me. I
have taken up no cross on this subject. I have not
been pressed to give in my allegiance to the flag
of the Union. When the guns of Fort Sumter
were silenced, the people of my State were, as by-
magic, melted into universal accord. Any man
in my State, whatever might have been his feel-
ings or the tendency of his mind, would have been
m as dangerous a position, by expressing any dis-
loyalty to the Government, as he would to face
the cannon upon the field of battle. 1 repeat, I
have taken up no cross on this subject. My peo-
ple have taken up no cross. The struggle has
been going on now for a year, and the tide of battle
in the slave States has fluctuated. No one knew
whether secunty lay m the path of duty or whether
the easiest course to honor, wealth, and promo-
tion did not lie in the attempt to subvert the Fed-
eral Constitution.
And while I disclaim any merit of my own in
reference to this question of fidelity to the Con-
stitution, i beg gentlemen to remember it is a
different thing with the men in the border States,
who have snuggled against the eml government
of their States, and who have fought so valiantly
against gieat odds for the supremacy of the United
States. I honor those gallant men who have stood
upwith Johnson in Tennessee, and who have suf-
feied so much for the country. They lied to the
mountains and suffered all that men could suffer.
They have sealed their devotion to the. Union in
such a Way thai I hope you and 1 will not be called
to pass through the same ordeal. So long, then,
ad f can raise my voice m this Hall, [ shall listen
patiently to their counsels and their suggestions,
i know that it has been frequently said that those
men are not more than half loyal to the Govern-
ment. GtaciousGod! I willnotmakethatcluuge.
1 will not make such charges. If those who make
them had been placed in the position that many
of these men have, it would be seen how far the
test of loyalty would have tried their character.
I have been led into saying as much as I have
on account of what fell from the gentleman fiom
Kentucky, for whom I have a high respect. His
remarks, I thought, were calculated to produce an
inconect impression and to create a feeling preju-
dicial to this measure. I tiust I have corrected
him, and put the spirit and purpose of the Presi-
dent and Congress m favoring the pending reso-
lution m their tiue light.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker,in order
that I may not appear to have been too peisist-
ent in attempting to get the floor this morning,
when it was proposed to pass this resolution un-
der the operation of the previous question, I wish
to state that there had been a meeting of some, 1
may say of most, of the members of the border
Slates, m which they consulted on this subject.
When that meeting adjourned, just previous to
the assembling of the House, I was instructed to
state to the House that they desired the postpone-
ment of this resolution to Monday next. Rut. I
was put down by the demand for the previous
question. 1 do notmention that, now, in any spirit
of complaint, though I will take occasion to say
that the use of the previous question arbitrarily
does the woik of many secessionists. It is in-
jui ious to our deliberations on the important ques-
tions brought before us.
There is another thing which I think is quite
obvious to all of us. It is a little unfortunate that
this topic can never be mentioned without gentle-
men indulging in extreme remarks and the exhi-
bition of passion and excitement. It promotes no
good purpose, but it rather detracts from the force
and solemnity of our proceedings. We ought to
on all such important questions subdue ourselves
to the calmest consideration of their merits. Ought
it not to be so? In this spiiit, I trust, I desire,
now that I am up, to make a few remarks upon
the subject under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, among the many things which
have been so well said by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] who has just taken his seat, he
seems to recommend to us a conciliatory policy.
Conciliation is his policy, and beseems to think
that this resolution which we are now debating is
offered in that spirit, and characterized by that
spirit, and that we who represent the border States
ought to accept it. Mr. Speaker, I do not doubt
the perfect sincerity and integrity and patriotism
with which the President has presented it for our
consideration; but although I do not doubt that,
I have not been able to bring myself to the belief
that it is a measure exactly suited to the times.
Mr. Speaker, I will say nothing about the loy-
alty of the State of Kentucky. I have no dispo-
sition to boast of her. What she lias done is
known to you all. She lias stood in her proper
character. And why, I ask, do you exact of Ken-
tucky more than .she has uheady done to estab-
lish her loyalty ? Has she not parted with all her
ancient allies—wit hall her natural kindred in other
States ? When her nearest neighbor, the State of
Virginia, from which she descended, fell into re-
bellion—Virginia, where our kinsmen were by
thousands—Kentucky stood firm for the Union,
and she has stood so ever since. But this leso-
lution, or the arguments used here in its support,
seem to requite of her now, as further evidence of
her fidelity to the Constitution, that she shall sur-
render up herdomesticiiistitutions. Why should
that be asked of her? Is she a suspected thing,
that the North or the South should apprehend that
she will forget her duty to herself, her truth, and
her integrity as a Slate of this Union, and require
her to give further pledges? And is it to be un-
derstood that the slave States, as one after another
they may be mindful of their duty, and return to
the standard of the Union, are to give the same
soit of pledge by abandoning their domestic in-
stitutions, and giving them up ? Is this right? Is
this good faith ?
But the argument is that Kentucky ought to
surrender her slave institutions by wav of show-
ing to the North, and more particularly to the
South, thatshe never will, in any event, ally her-
self with the South or abandon this Government.
You say destroy that hope in the South, and the
South will not wage thiswarwith the same spirit;
that it is that hope which sustains her, and you
demand this measure on our part for the purpose
of destroying that hope of the South. What light
has the South to suppose now that old Kentucky
will abandon her faith in the Constitution of the
United States, and unite herself with that South?
None at all. Can she have such a hope ? If she
has,that hope must be too feeble, I think, to urge
her on to any desperation in this contest. The
way to conciliate Kentucky is not by pressing
these questions upon her. The way to conciliate
her is to let her alone. That is the way to con-
ciliate her. That is the way to show your con-
fidence in her—your confidence that she will
always, and under all circumstances, do her duty.
That will make the old State proud. But when
you demand of her a revolution m her domestic
policy, when you make a demand of that sort
upon her, T am apprehensive it may not have the
good effect you suppose. I do not appear here as
a suppliant in her behalf; I am the advocate of
her political lights. And why should you, why
should we, who arc contending for the Constitu-
tion of the United States, insist that this or that
State shall give up pai tof hei constitutional lights
as an assurance of her devotion to the Constitu-
tion? The cardinal principle upon which our
whole system of government is founded is that
mattPis of a local and domestic chai aeter shall be
under the exclusive control of the State govern-
ments, and national and external matters under
the control of the General Government. Is not
that our theory? And accoiding to that theory,
does not this institution—as has always been
admitted by you—fall within the class of those
