2 M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ony cannot be seized into the king's hand before attainder,
neither can they be granted by the king; and a man ought
to live upon Jus goods and file profits ot ilia lands till lie be
attainted."—B. 7.
"After conviction,by judgment, &c., acomnnsMongoes
to inquire what lands, &c., and seize them into the kin^s
hands, the inquisition lo be returned totheeourt of exchequer
and filed in the office of the king's remembrancer, and a
scire facias shall go against the vili, or any other who has the
goods in custody-"—B. 8.
So, also, Lord Coke, in his 2d Institutes, 48,
"If a man be accused or indicted for treason or felony,
his lands or goods cannot be granted to any—no, not so
much as by promise—nor any of his lands or goods seized
into the king's hands before attainders'*
In his 3d Institutes, 229, he further says:
"Sb as {super toto materia) these two conclusions are
manifestly proved. First, that before indictment the goods
or other things of any offender cannot be seaiched, inven-
toried, or taken away before conviction or attainder. Sec-
ondly, that the begging of the good-. or state of any delin-
quent accused, or indicted of any tieason, felony, or other
offense, before he be convicted and attainted, is utterly un-
lawful, because before conviction and attainder, as hath
been t,aid, nothing 'is forfeited to the king, nor grantable by
him."
And again, in his 3d Institutes, 211, after set-
ting out the judgment and sentence in high trea-
son, he says:
"Implied in this judgment is: First, the forfeituie of all
his manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee
simple or fee ta.l of whomsoever they beholden. Secondly,
his wife to lose her dower. Thirdly, he shall lose Ins chil-
dren, (for they become base and ignoble.) Fourthly, he
shall lose his posterity, for his blood is stained and corrupt-
ed, and they cannot inherit to hint or any other ancestor.
Fifthly* all his goods and chattelss &c, And reason is, that
his body, lands, goods, posterity, &c., shall be loin, pulled
asumfct, and destroyed, that intended to tear and deuioy
the majesty of government."
These authorities very clearly show that there
could be no complete forfeiture ofgoods in treason
without judgment. And so the law was under-
stood by the Supreme Court of the United States.
In the case of the Palmyra, (12 Wheaton, 14,)
that court held, (Judge Story delivering the opin-
ion:)
"ft i.s well known that at the common law, in many
cases ot felonies, the party forfeited his goods and chattels
to the Crown. The forfeiture did not, stuctly speaking, at-
tach in rem; but it was apart, or at least a consequence,
of the judgment of conviction Jt is plain fiom this state-
ment that no ught to the goods and chattels of the felon
could be acquired by the more coinin^-iou of the offense ;
hut the right attached only by the conviction of! he offender.
The necessary result was, that in eveiy case where the
Crown sought to recover such goods and chattel*, it was
indispensable to establish its right by producing the record
of the judgment of conviction, in the contemplation ol the
common law, the offender's right was not divested until
the conviction."
Verdict of guilty on the charge of treason is
not conviction in the sense required to forfeit the
traverser's goods. On verdict the king's title be-
gan, and he might take measures to secure and
preserve the goods, but he could not dispose of
them till judgment. Until judgment, the verdict
is prima facie but not conclusive evidence of guilt;
it may be set aside and a new trial granted,or, to
use the ancient phrase, it may be falsified, that is,
traversed, in law. This happens in every motion
for arrest of judgment in a criminal case, and if
successful the party is acquitted and discharged.
Lord Coke, in his 3d Institutes, 232, gives an
example of this:
" If A be indicted before coionerfor tho death of another,
and that A fled for the same; hereby are all goods and chat-
tels of A fbifeited which he had at the time of the verdict
given; and this cannot bo falsified by travel&e. Foi it the
party be arraigned upon the same indictment befoie justices
of jail delivery, and is by verdict acquitted of the felony,
and that he did not flee for the same; yet he shall torteit
his goods and chattels, but yet such a fiu>a>n fccit may be
falsified by matter of law; lor if the indictment he void or
insufficient, there is no forfeiture."
With the same effect it may be set aside by
writ of error.
In some cases goods were forfeited for minor
offenses, as petit tieason for instance, where there
was no attainder, which would only be when judg-
ment of death or outlawry is given; but in each
case the conviction, by which the forfeiture oc-
curred, is that which is evidenced by the final
judgment, according to the nature of the case. In
treason, at common law, the final judgment is
death, and the conviction which forfeits the goods .
is that evidenced by, and complete only when I
judgment of death is pronounced; in minor of-
fenses, the conviction meant is that which is evi- j
denced by the appropriate judgment. It is not i
simply by the verdict of guilty, but the verdict I
followed by judgment. Hence we find that the I
words convicted and attainted are used in some
of the old books as synonymous terms to describe
the conviction of a person whose guilt has been
lawfully adjudged. They are so used in the stat-
ute 1 Richard III, chap. 3, which provides:
No sheiiff, &c., shall take and seize the good3 of any
peison arretted or imprisoned (for suspicion-of felony) be-
fore that same person so arrested and imprisoned be con-
victed or attainted of such felony aceoiding to the law, or,
else the same goods be otherwise lawluliy forfeited."
Mr. Chairman, the framers of the Constitution
well understood the state of the common law
when they prepaied that instrument, and they
used appropriate terms to convey their meaning.
They knew that although the forfeiture of the trai-
tor's goods was worked as of the day of his con-
viction, and was then made, they also knew that
until judgment it was merely inchoate and imper-
fect. They knew it was the judgment and the con-
sequent attainder which consummated the work,
divested the traitor's right beyond the hope of
recovery, and completed the king's title. When
therefore they declared that " no attainder of trea-
son shall work corruption or forfeiture except
during the life of the party attainted," they meant
to forbid, and did forbid, the forfeiture of the trai-
tor's goods as well as his lands, except only during
his life. No other interpretation can be reached,
unless the actual state of the common law is un-
heeded or perverted.
And this view is irresistibly pressed upon us by
reflecting on the reasons which urged the framers
of the Constitution to place this limitation on the
power of Congress. Their objcct was to mitigate
the severities of the common law, to prevent the
baibarities which marked its execution of capital
sentence, and to confine the punishment to the of-
fender himself, and not to visititupon his innocent
offspring. To effect this latter object, it was as ne-
cessary lo prevent the forfeiture of his goods and
personal estate as his lands. At the time they
prepared that instrument, commerce had greatly
increased, and was increasing; and they saw that
all the mischiefs which had resulted from the for-
feiture of lands would result from the forfeiture of
goods, and hence designed to prevent, and they
adopted appropriate terms to accomplish their de-
sign. Judge Story, m ins Coinmentaiies on the
Constitution, (463,) in examining the reasons for
the adoption of this clause, says:
The rea-ons commonly as signed for these severe pun-
ishments beyond the mere foifeitute ot the life of the party
attainted aie these: by committing treason the patty has
broken hisoii mai bond ofailegiance, and forfeited Ins so-
cial rights. Among tne?.o <5oet.il ughfs, that of transmitting
propeitv tootheis is deemed one of the chief and most valu-
able. iNIoi cover, such forfeiture,whereby the po-,teuty o( the
offender nvi^t -utter as well a* himself, will help to restrain
a man, notonlv by the sense of his duty and the dread of
personal punishment, but also by his passions and natural
affections; and will interest eveiy dependent and relation
ho has to keep him fiom offending. Uut this view of tho
subject is whollv unsatistactoiy. " ft looks only to the o[-
lender htin-eU, arid is regardless of his innocent po>teritv.
ItiealJy opeiate-, a*, a posthumous* punishment upon them,
and compels them to boar not only the disgrace naturally
attendant upon s.uch flagitious ciiines, but lakes hom them
the common lights and privileges enjoyed by aii other citi-
zen-*, when theyaie wholly innocent, and however remote
they niav be in lineage from the fiiat offender. it is surely
enough for society to take Hi > hie of the offender, as ajust
pum.-hmeut of bin crime. \v niiour taking fiom his'offspung
and relative-, that piopeitv which maybe the only moans of
saving them liotn poverty and iniii. It is bad poin-y, too,
toi it cuts off all the attachments which these unfominate
\ ictiin1- might ofhenvi->o feel ioi then own Govei nment, and
prepares tlieni to engage m any othet ^erv.ce by which
their supposed mpuies may be icdre*sed, oi then heiedi-
tajvliatied gratified. U|>on these and simiiai giouniN, it
maybe presumed that the clause was firs-t introduced into
the original draft of the Constitution, and after some amend-
ments u was adopted without any apparent resistance."
But it is said that Congress may declare the
forfeiture of personal property as the punishment
of treason, because such property has no inherita-
ble quality, and because a limited interest for the
life of the offender cannot he carved ont ot it.
It. is conceded that personal estates have not the
inheritable quality which belongs to real estates.
Thoy do not pass by descent; they go to the ex-
ecutor; but under our statutes of distribution they
have a quasi inheritable character, which practi-
cally gives them the same direction m most in-
stances jm which real estates descend. The exec-
ufor, or. jfthere be no executor, the administrator,
takes in trust, first, for the payment of debts, and
then for the legatee, or, if there ho no will, then
for the next of kin. In this country, the law of
primogeniture is everywhere abolished, and in
most cases the next of kin and the heirs-at-law are
the same persons. In my own State, and perhaps
in all the States, distribution of the residue, after
payment of debts, if consisting of specific articles,
may be made in specie; and it is always so made
of articles not of a perishable nature. In Mary-
land, we go so far as not to permit the executor
or administrator to sell any chattel without obtain-
ing the order of the court therefor, on good cause
shown. Practically, then, personal estate has an
inheritable character. But what has this to do
with the true construction of the clause in ques-
tion ? The clause inhibits forfeiture for a longer
period than the life of the traitor, without qualifi-
cation; and it is not apparent how that inhibition
is enlarged or narrowed by the peculiar character
of the property to be acted on. The clause de-
clares that " no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture, except during
the life of the person attainted." Two things
are here prohibited; they have no necessary con-
nection or dependence on each other; either may
exist without the other: a man's blood may be cor-
rupted, and yet he may retain his property; or his
property may be forfeited, and his blood remain
unstained. The one is in no sense dependent on
the other. Corruption of blood is everywhere pro-
hibited in this country either by the organic or
statute law, and yet frequent instances of forfeit-
ure of property might be cited. Forfeiture has
nothing to do with inheritance; that which is in-
heritable may be forfeited just as well, and in the
same way, as that which Is not inheritable. The
presence or absence of that quality m no way
aifects the case.
Nor is the other branch of the objection any
more solid. The argument is, a limited interest
for the life of the offender cannot be carved out
of a personal chattel, and hence the whole must
be forfeited. From this predicate I should con-
clude just the reverse. If a limited interest for
the life of the offender cannot be carved out of a
personal chattel, then nothing can be forfeited; for
a grant which is impossible of execution is void.
But the predicate is not true. A life interest in a
personal chattel may be created and pass by deed
or will or forfeiture. Such things are of common
occurrence, and arc regulated by well-defined
rules. By the rules of the ancient common law,
there could, in general, be no future property, to
take place in expectancy, created in personal goods
and chattels; but now that distinction is disre-
garded, and therefore if a man, by deed or will,
limits his books or furniture to A for life, with
remainder over to B, this remainder is good. (3
Thomas's Coke, 296 marginal.) It is true there is
an exception to this rule, but it confirms, rather
than shakes, the rule itself. When itsppears from
the grant that the first taker is to enjoy the goods
specifically, and the goods are of a nature that
their use is their consumption, as wine, fruits, pro-
visions, coals, and the like, the first taker is en-
titled to the absolute property, for otherwise the
object of the grant would be defeated. (Evans
vs. Iglchart, 6 Gile & Johnson, 171.) Temporary
interests m chattels are almost as common as lim-
ited estates in lands. The books are full of such
cases. y
Upon the whole, then, it is very clear that the
power of Congress to declare the punishment of
treason is limited to such punishments as affect
theoffender himself,and must exhaustthemseives
with his life, it can not go beyond his life, and visit
upon his innocent offspring tho penalty of his sin.
Congress is restrained from connptmg his blood
and forfeiting his property, exccptduring his life;
and this restraint embraces personal as well as real
estate, it is equally clear that there is no power
in Congress to declare forfeiture of property as a
penalty for crime at all, except only the qualified
forfeiture for treason; that the whole theory of our
Government looks to the person of the offender;
he must be present, his tiial must be public, he
must be informed of the charge, see and hear the
witnesses called to prove his guilt, have the ben-
efit of cross-examination and counter proof, jf any
he can produce; he is to have an impartial jmy of
the district, and the benefit of counsel to assist him
in his defense; n nd not a pen ny of his property can
be touched unlit he has enjoyed all these rights,
and his guilt is made legally certain in spile of
them. But it is said that these men will escape,
and unless some such plan as is now proposed is
resorted to to punish them, they will go unpun-
ished. What if they do ? Better a thousand fold
