1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
domestic subjects which belong exclusively to the
States? If you begin now to trench upon that
paternal and patriarchal jurisdiction which be-
longs to the States by taking one domestic subject
front under its control, what will be the result in
the future ?
I do not know how this proposition will be re-
ceived by my constituents. It is suddenly brought
before them. It relates to a subject about which
they are very sensitive. I fear they will think
that they ought to be let alone on this subject.
You urge them to take a further step in proof of
their ioyalty. They will say: " Is this the way the
other States of the Union treat us? The moment
we come within their grasp, the moment we join
hands with them, and take up the swoid in de-
fense of the Constitution, they desire that we shall
modify our institutions in accordance with their
wishes." It is not a very welcome policy to those
who, under the sanction of the Constitution of
the United States, have adopted this system. The
Constitution of the United States sanctions their
right to establish this institution as much as it
does your rights of property, as much as it does
your right to State government in any particular
whatever. And do you demand of us a surrender
of a part of our constitutional rights, while you
are professing to support the whole Constitution?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he thinks it would be unconstitutional if Ken-
tucky should emancipate her slaves, on condition
that the Federal Govei nment shall pay her a cer-
tain amount of money?
Mr. CRITTENDEN". Mr. Speaker, I will
answer the gentleman's question. I am not pre-
pared to say that it would be unconstitutional. I
am not prepared to give an opinion upon that
question. To be sure, I should be very thankful
to anybody who would pay my constiuents, if
they should be required to emancipate their slaves,
or should do it willingly—who would aid them by
full compensation, or even partial compensation.
I take no exception to the proffer. As to the con-
stitutional power to carry that promise into exe-
cution by appropriating money here to pay for
the slaves, on that question I do not desire to give
any opinion.
Hut that is not all. The gentleman looks at the
matter in a very limited way. When tins Gov-
ernment makes a proposition of this sort, it is
equivalent to an invitation, and by such an invi-
tation agitation may be introduced at a time when
we want no agitation. This may be the first step
to sue!) agitation, and not having had time to hear
from our constituents on the subject, we are only
apprehensive that it may lead us into that sort of
agitation at the present time, when of all things
we wish to be free from any such agitation.
We have given you assurances enough. We
have given you all the assurances that ousrht to
be asked. We have given as much as any of you.
Theie is not a State of the Union that has given
more, and I think I may say, m no boastful spirit,
that no State has given as great assurances. No
State has had the same difficulties to contend with.
No State has made so many social and personal
sacrifices—sacrifices of kindied and relations and
friendships of the dearest kind. We have done
all that. Kentucky; has taken her position and
intends to maintain it; she maintains it upon prin-
ciples higher than any considerations of property;
she has taken itat the sacrifice of all her interests,
and at the sacrifice of property too, for her trade
was all with the South.
But the gentleman says that this will break the
hopes of the rebellion, and that otherwise the
Smith will compel you to recognize her independ- |
01.t government. So says my friend from New s
Yoilc; and tins measure proposed is only to pre- ;
vent Kentucky and the border States from aeeed- j
ins; to that independent southern government when !
it "shall force itself upon our acknowledgment, j
Sir, I hope that that day is never to come. It is
too remote a possibility to found any argument ^
upon. If that time ever does come, when these ;
twenty millions of people shall be content to see ,
tins great Governnu nt broken up; and it, looking
forward beyond that mlamous and disgraceful .
day, we shall be told that there is a i<-jr on the ^
patt of the Noith that the bolder States will then i
join 'he southern t<mf>'d< racy, if you permit that
day to come, I shall not want to be with you. I ;
freely tell you so. I shall be ready to separate ■
from*you then—not till then. Ate we recreantly ,
to submit to have this country broken into pieces,
and then dare to think of things that are to hap-
pen afterwards? No, sir; there is no thereafter;
there is no future beyond that. I will not look
into it. And yet the argument used here to-day
is that we shall, without consideration, without
knowing what will happen to this measure in Ken-
tucky or the other border States, base this meas-
ure only upon things that may happen m the fu-
ture, that may happen after that day of infamy.
My policy does not reach so far, nor will I act
upon any supposition of the sort.
Sir, we are in the habit of saying a great many
things in the ardor of our feelings which we would
like to recall. My friend from New York [Mr.
Olin] has said so many admirable things that he
will excuse me for alluding to one extravagance
of this sort m the remarks which he has just made.
He says that if necessary, or when it shall be ne-
cessary, that this whole continent be made a sol-
itude and a desert, he will accept the necessity.
He says that if it becomes necessary for the pres-
ervation of the country, he would be willing to
see the negro armed and servile war made in the
South by southern negroes upon southern plant-
ers—a war of the black man upon the white man.
Mr. OLIN. Surely the gentleman from Ken-
tucky does not designedly misrepresent my re-
marks ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman has not
heard me misiepresent them.
Mr. OLIN. I have heard enough to justify me
in interrupting the gentleman from Kentucky. I
certainly did not say, or intend to say, that if the
border States did not accept any proposition that
may be offeied, that then I wished to see any
given event take [dace—the negro armed, or ser-
vile msuriection, or anything of that kind. I must
have been very much misapprehended, or must
have very much misspoken if I utteied any senti-
ment of the kind. 1 did, however, say this, or
intend to say it, that in the last extremity, what-
ever necessary means may be employed for the
preservation of the Union and of the Federal Con-
stitution, I Would be willing to sceemploypd; that
I would he wiihng to result to anything, even to
laying the. whole continent m one mass of ruins.
That I said; but I did not say that if this prop-
osition or any such proposition was not accepted,
I would be willing to see that take place.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Nor did I say so; not
at all. I said, on the contrary, that the gentle-
man's proposition was thatif it became necessary
to save the country then he would be content to
see even servile war. That is all that I object to;
and he furthermore said that he should dread to
look upon it, more than anything else that could
happen on this earth. Now, the gentleman has
no right to suppose such a case. The supposition
of such a case, and the presentation of such
thoughts to the American people is unjust to our-
selves and unjust to them. How can it ever be-
come necessary for a nation to do what in the sight
of God and man is condemnable under all circum-
stances? How can it be necessary, in defending
the interests of man, to do that which is an offense
against God and humanity? No, sir; itnevercan
be necessary for a great nation like this to talk
about the possibility of creating civil war in order
to maintain just and constitutional supremacy. I
object to that style of speaking. That is all. I
will not suppose such a case. It is the very ar-
gumentum which ranges through the long series
of resolutions here for confiscation and emancipa-
tion—that you have a right to do anything to
weaken your enemy and to strengthen yourself.
A doctrine more at war with every principle of
ethics, of moials. and of leligiou, cannot be pro-
claimed. Instead of dom:* anything that violates
morality, you should do everything that moral-
ity, that the dictates of religion permit you to do
to preserve the Government. But to say that you
have a right to do that winch is inhuman, winch
is foibidden of God and man, nothing can be
more flagitious or more false than such a sentiment.
You have no such right, sir. Such a right would
be, of no a\ail, and of no use.
In the name of God, what are we lighting for
this day? Are we not fighting to uphold the
Government; to uphold humanity to put down
those who violate law, who would inducc to dis-
order, homicide, and crime ? And are you to say
that you Slave a right to commit all manner ol
crimes for the purpose of accomplishing your ob-
ject? No matter what your enemy was,hecou?4
not be worse than you are, if that is your moral-
ity. And yet, strange to say, respectable gen-
tlemen, honorable gentlemen, without taking a
second thought about this business, talk about
the consummation of the greatest immorality that
could be perpetrated among men or nations. Cut
off the hands of prisoners of war, slaughter every
child in the rebel States—that would weaken your
enemy. Seize every man by the collar, and force
him into your ranks—that will strengthen you.
But who would justify such means? Sir, 1 am
sure that the gentleman from New York could not
have given this idea the second thought. I do
not set up my code of morality above other men's;
but these are plain truths. Justice and morality .
are instincts that God has given us for our better
and surer guide. He has not left us to our un-
certain reasoning. In a cause like ours, a glorious
cause, which seeks to maintain justice and liberty
and right among men, let not us, its chosen de-
fenders, sink ourselves down to the level of those
who have called forth this effort on our part to
subdue them. Let us not sink from our high po-
sition. This is a great contest. I want to see it
waged on principles that become it; that are lofty
as the subject itself is. It is not necessary for
us to do wrong. It is only necessary for us to
behave dutifully toward our country, and to en-
force our laws. We shall thus do our whole duty,
and shall have nothing to upbraid ourselves with
when the war is over.
Let us not talk about necessity justifying us in
doing anything, however, violatory of the laws
and Constitution of our land or of humanity. We
have a right to preserve ourselves. How? God
has given us that light. Let us keep ourselves
within well-oidered principles and well-ordered
rules. It is not necessary that we should become
unjust to ourselves, in order to secure justice to
others. I do not want now to go into the ques-
tion of the doctrine of confiscation or emancipa-
tion. I forbear that. I regretexceedingly that I
find myself in the position which requires me to
vote against this resolution. There is one circum-
stance connected with the position of the resolu-
tion here which seems to me a little unfortunate.
The President, in the message in which he recom-
mends the adoption of tins resolution by Congress,
expresses many sentiments and doctrines in which
I heartily concur. Butitseemsas if an effort was
being made here to separate the resolution from
the context of the message. It appears here now
without accompaniment, simply as a resolution
presented by thegentleman from NewYork, [Mr.
Roscoe Cokkling.] To be sure, it is in the words
of the message, but there is no reference to the
message which accompanied it; there is no refer-
ence to the views expressed by the President in
that message. Theie is a declaration in the mes-
sage of the President that the people of the slave-
holding States have an interest in their slaves, a
property in their slaves, and a property of which
they cannot be divested by the actof this Federal
Government, a property which you cannot take
from them. I concur in that sentiment, and if
this resolution is to pass this body, I regret to see
it snatched from its proper connection. It is
snatched from its proper context as it appears be-
fore us, and comes here simply as the resolution
of the member from New York. It is not the
President's resolution. However perfect the copy
may be, it is not the President's resolution, be-
cause you make no reference to the message which
accompanied it.
Now, sir, as the President intended it, the res-
olution, it may be well enough. I have no com-
plaint to make. I have avowed my confidence in
his integrity. I avow my confidence in his purity
of intention. I believe he means right; and it
affords me pleasure to concur with him in most of
the measures recommended by him; but I regret
that in this my conscience and judgment will not
permit it. I believe the President would not, as
he says he would not, interfere. He would leave
it to the choice of the States to say whether they
will enter upon the policy of emancipation or not;
but do not 1 know that although the President will
abstain from interfering, so far as he is concerned,
there arc many others who, knowing it is a favor-
ite policy of his, desiring themselves to be in his
favor, would stir up an emancipation party in
Missouri, in Maryland, and in Delaware—I will
not now speak of my own State—simply from
