1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
211
they should escape, than that we should violate
even the smallest ot" the provisions of tins sacred
instrument. It" they fly, be it so; the country will
be happily rid of them; all the objects of their
punishment will be accomplished by their flight,
and that without reddening our garments with
their blood. Flightis weakness; flight is submis-
sion; flight is the destruction of their influence
and power, never to be regained. If they will, let
them fly.
If the Constitution forbids the absolute forfeit-
ure of the personal estates of the traitor, as it
undoubtedly does, then all these schemes for the
emancipation of his slaves must be abandoned.
If you can take only a temporary interest in the
slave, determinable on the death of the traitor,
then you cannot turn that slave loose, but you
must keep and pieservc him for the next taker.
This will not be questioned. It is a rule of un-
yielding force, that the life tenant cannot destroy
the property in which he has a temporary inter-
est, or dispose of it out of the reach of the person
next entitled. He takes it clothed with a trust
for his successor, and a court of equity will com-
pel the faithful execution of the trust. The eman-
cipation of the slaves of rebels, which seems to
be an object much nearer to the hearts of some
persons than the suppression of the rebellion,
the punishment of traitors, o.r the preservation of
the Constitution must then be given up. It is a
thing outside the limits of your authority.
Passing from the constitutional inquiry, let us
look at the question of expediency. If the pur-
pose be the punishment of treason, a resort to
measures of doubtful constitutional authority arc
unnecessary. The Constitution defines treason,
and existing laws punish with death. Every in-
dividual who has been an actor m this rebellion,
all who have levied war against the United Slates,
or have adhered to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort, and that embraces nine tenths of all
who reside on the other side of the Potomac, and
many who reside on this side, are guilty of trea-
son; and on being brought to trial are liable to be
hung by the neck till they are dead, and nothing
but Executive clemency could avert their doom.
This, one would imagine, is enough not only to
secure us from the machinations ot traitors, but
to gratify the most vindictive spirit. And its vic-
tims cannot complain of its injustice or hardship;
they aided to pass these laws, and have deliber-
ately incurred their penalties. But if a change is
desirable, and .you seek to enrich the Tieasury
from the broken elements of southern wealth, then
alter the punishment to a fine, and compel its pay-
men t by imprisonment, or it that is still notenough,
consign the wretched criminal to a cell, seize his
estate, and make out of it what you can, while his
miserable life is ebbing out. But touch not his
offspring, whom his rashness and folly have cov-
ered with disgrace. Leave them his care, oi his
estate. They belong to the State, they are the
children of the Republic; let them not, by imputed
disgrace and the pinchings of want, be taught to
hate you. Above all, in your eagerness to make
reprisals for the costs ef the war, lay no violent
hand upon the Constitution. The smallest of its
provisions is worth a thousand times moie than
all the wealth which can be drawn into the Treas-
ury by confiscation, even if that should quadi uple
your expectations. ,
As a measure of revenue, confiscation will be
unproductive. You propose to liberate the slaves, j
the most valuable article oi property in the South ;
and nothing can come from that source. Am
when you have liberated their slaves, what will
their lands be woith; and who will buy them ^
Will the whites of the South? Certainly not, and
for two reasons: they would have nothing to buy
with; and if they had, no southern man will be
found to buy his neighbor's estate confiscated for
the part its owner took in this war, at any price.
He would no more touch it than modesty would
touch the proffered price of chastity. He would
turn from it with disgust. Will the liberated
They cannot; they will be found a
insults, petty annoyances, and, possibly, with
personal injury. He would be a brave man who
would encounter such troubles for the possible
profits of a laud speculation. Nothing could be
sold, nothing would be received. Confiscation
would not bring into the Treasury money enough
to keep up the police force necessary to preserve
the peace of the neighborhood and hold the con-
fiscated property.
But the purpose which these propositions are
designed to effect is not truly avowed, and their
operation will do injustice to those who should
be the objects of the care and protection of the
Government. Their piofessed purpose is to pun-
ish tieason, their real purpose is to abolish sla-
very in the States. I do not quarrel with those
who think slavery is undesirable, or oven wrong;
f do not complain that they desire and exert
themselves to extinguish it, and shall not as long
as they confine themselves to legitimate means
and commit no trespass on the rights of others.
But when they seek to put aside constitutional
guarantees, and assume powers never conferred,
to effect that object, I shall protest and useevery
legitimate means to fiustiate their object. You
have no right to enter the States and touch this
institution; you have so declared; you have made
it an article in your confession of faith, to win
proselytes to your cause; and yet you seize oil
this power of confiscation, which has no warrant
in the Constitution, to do that which you say can-
not be done. Sir, the human heart is deceitful
above all things, and desperately wicked. The
perversion of an admitted power to effect a for-
bidden object, is a fraud and a gioss wickedness.
It is a double wiong to steal the power, and then
use it for the unlawful object.^
Again: you profess to care for and protect loyal
men. There are some loyal men who own slaves
—men who, through trials and dangers and losses,
have proved their loyalty. How will this whole-
sale liberation affect them ? Suppose one such to
be surrounded by disloyal slaveholders. You lib-
erate all their slaves, and thereby destroy utterly
the value of his! When you have made all other
slaves in his vicinity free, it would be a meicy to
him to free his also. Sir, such a course would be
gross injustice to him. It would be loading his
innocence with the sins of the guilty. What
would be its effect on him? His loyalty would
be converted into hate. He would curse the Gov-
ernment that inflicted upon him this unmitigated
wrong, and at the next outbreak he would be fore-
most m the revolt.
Mr. Chairman, these measures are in the high-
est degree impolitic. They will increase the bit-
terness ot the present unhappy conflict, add fresh
fuel to the fires of sectional discord, and put iosui -
tnounUble obstacles in the way of peace and the
lestoration of constitutional authority. In my
judgment, these measuies, if adopted to the extent
'and in the spirit now threatened, render restora-
tion on the basis of the Constitution hopeless; and
in that event, the only peace which can be reached
is that silence which lcsults from superior power,
to be broken into fresh and wilder uproar at every
opportunity.
Mr. Chairman, great mistakes have been com-
mitted on both sides. Strange delusions have taken
possession of both sections. They do not under-
stand each other. They look upon each other as
rivals and antagonists for power. The masses on
one side believed, at the inception of these trou-
bles, that a war on their domestic institutions was
the purpose of the other; the masses on the other
side imagined that the degradation of labor in the
social scale and the establishment ot a privileged
class to hold the reins of Government was the
purpose of their rivals. Those are great criois.
They have disturbed the peace of the country,
and it can never be restored until they are exposed
and exploded.
Sir, slavciy is not the cause of this rebellion.
It is simply the instrument by which it is carried i
on It seeks no aggrandizement for itself or deg-
radation of free labor. It is content with the en-
slaves buy? They cannot; tney wini " ij of ts as defined by the Constitu
northcrii°men ^Tr" toty ^Tl^yinstil! ! iioV But great crimes are committed in its-me
tirely change tliair tastes and associations and
habits of life, without a single compensating
«,,in or they will not. They will not do it Bat
?f they should, how will you protect them? Do
vou imagine they would lemain undisturbed
They would be harassed with lawsuits, personal
and guilty'ambition seeks to conceal its purpose '
under the folds of its garment j
The rebellion was conceived and planned by ,
ambitious and wicked men to
their own. The conspirators did not embiace a
tithe of southern society; but, though few com-
paratively, they embraced most of the talent.and
emSVgy of the southern States, and much of its
wealth. They .are speculative, arrogant, bojd,
and daring; they are largely imbued with that
cavalier spirit which, disdaining the common,em-
ployments of life, fancies it was born to .rule; and,
unfortunately, these personal characteristics, ja,ft
objects alike of ridicule and resentment, JiavegiTOp
a coloring to the whole contest and added to its-bit-
terness. These men for many years have exerted
a much larger influence over tile southern mind,
in fact, over the national mind, than any other
class in the southern States. As the cardinal doc-
trine of their faith, they set up State sovereignty
above national authority—apretensionofallothers
the mostfatal to our system of government. This
was not an invention of theirs; the idea is as old
as the Constitution itself; it first exhibited itself
in the convention which framed that instrument,
opposed the incorporation of provisions needful
to the independence and even the existence of the
new Government, and then opposed the accept-
ance of the Constitution itself by the people. At
every epoch in our history which seemed to favor
success, it has risen up to plague us,and exerted
itself adversely to the just authority of that in-
strument. Its advocates seek now, as they e.ver
have sought, the overthrow of national authority;
or, at least, the subjection of it to State domina-
tion.
This fatal heresy is peculiar to no region. It
has found advocates everywhere. At one time }t
was seriously contemplated in New England. But
it took the deepest root in the southern States,
whose social organization and relative political
power, impaired by the more rapid development
of the free States, favored its growth. Its advo-
cates in that quarter have pressed it unremittingly
oil the whole southern people; they have laid hold
of every public event likely to favor the object^to
persuade them to adopt the fatal idea, and carry
it out to its terrible end. In 1832, availing them-
selves of the opposition of the South to the tariff
of that day, they endeavored to unite them in sup-
port of nullification and secession; and like at-
tempts have been constantly made, through the
agency of southern leagues, commercial plans,
party platforms, and schemes of foreign acquisi-
tion, to consolidate southern opinion into a man-
ageable force to break down national independ-
ence. But up to the commencement of this war,
the great mass of southern people firmly resisted
all the acts of the State-rights party, and firmly
adhered to their constitutional obligations. They
loved the Union, and desired its preservation, and,
as I firmly believe, would now, if their minds
could be disabused of false impressions. The
leaders of the rebellion knew at the commence-
ment of the revolt slavery had not been assailed
by the Government, and they did not fear thatit
would be; but they also knew the immense value
placed upon it by the whole South, and ils ex-
treme sensitiveness to the slightest assault upon
it, made or threatened; and never for one moment
forgetting the predominate idea of State suprem-
acy, they artfully seized upon the fanatic and
wicked declamation of a portion of the northern
press and people, in this Hall and out of it, to
persuade loyal southern people, which compre-
hended a vast majority of the wholeSoutn, that
the institution was assailed by this Government,
and that they must fight to maintain their rights
of property and the safety of their homes from
domestic violence.
Mr. Chairman, southern society is all m arpis
against your authority, but for widely different
and inconsistent objects. The State-rights party,
which in numbers is small, seek to break down
national independence, and set up State domina-
tion. With them, it is a war against nationality,
and they will be satisfied with nothing short of
its utter humiliation, perhaps even its destruction.
The other class is fighting, as it supposes, to main-
tain and preserve its rights of property and do-
mestic safety, which it has falsely and maliciously
been made to believe aie assailed by this Govern-
ment. If these two classes continue to act to-
gether, as they are now acting, and obstinately
refuse to live with us and perform their duties as
citizens, then we must either subjugate and hold
them as a subjugated people, or we must let them
go; and either would be an irreparable breach of
the Constitution. If we attempt to subjugate and
hold them as such, it cannot.be,as States with
