1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
has been made to this place by the President; and
therefore the Chair will hold the point of order
well taken.
The folio wins: clause being under consideration:
For salaiv of the secretaiy of legation to Tuikey, acting
$3,000.
Mr. COX said: I move to amend that clause by
adding thereto the following:
And $2,500, in addition, to be paid as an increase of the
salary ol ttie mimstei to Turkey.
I have only to say in reference to this amend-
ment, that our minister to Turkey is Joy Morris,
with whom this House is well acquainted, he
having been a member of this House for the last
two Congresses.
Mr, STEVENS. I rise to a point of order. I
have some doubts whether it is in order to pass a
law, as an amendment to this bill, increasing sal-
aries already fixed by lav/; and therefore I make
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether the law docs
not now fix the salary of this minister?
Mr. COX. I 11 ji;?k it does.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, then, (ho point of order is well taken.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 move to insert in line fifty-
thive, in (he clause providing for the salaries of
the consuls general, alter the words " Frankfort-
on-the-Main," the words " and Florence."
I beg leave to state that this amendment has
been approved by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I have been requested by them to
offei it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert in line sev-
enty-nine, same clause, between "Hayti" and
" Liberia," the words, " Gaspe Basin, Valencia,
Martinique, Toronto, Santander, Galatz, Bilboa,
Seio, and Paramaribo."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. In
line seventy-nine there is an appropriation made
for consuls in Hayti and Liberia. I raise the point
of order that there are no such offices created by
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that his point of order does not
come withm the rule which has just been stated
by the Chair. Tin's bill has been referred to the
Commiitee of the Whole on the state of the Union
by the House, and hence it is in order, in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the Chair, with
all respect, that the rule is, that no such appro-
priations " shall be reported to the House."
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will recollect
that the President, in his message, recommends
that such an appropriation shall be made. There
are already at these places what are called " com-
mercial agents;" but the President recommends
that this appropriation shall be made for consuls.
That recommendation was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and they reported
this provision.
Mr. COX. I would have no objection to vote
for salaries for these consuls in Hayti and Liberia
if the offices had been created; but it seems to me
that appropriating a salary for an office before it
is created is gcttingtheccut before the horse. Let
a bill be brought in for the purpose, and if these
offices are created, the appropriation can be made.
It is setting a bad precedent for the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill to pay the sal-
ary of an office not yet created by Congress. I
think my point of order is well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that the objection should Jiavc
been made in the House, before the bill was re-
ferred to this committee. It is not for the com- !
mittec now to say that they will not consider a j
subject which has been referied to (hem by the ;
House. The Chair thinks the point of order is j
not well taken.
Mr. COX. Then I move to strike out the .
words " Hayti" and t% Liberia," for the reason |
that I have given, that no such offices exist. i
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, before ac- i
tion is taken upon striking out those words, I will
suggest to the chairman of the Committee of Ways 1
and Means the propriety of an amendment per- ;
fee ting the words proposed to be stricken out. It ;
will be seen that—clcarly through inadvertence— i
the names of the countries, Hayti and Liberia,
have been inserted, and not the names of the cities
where the consuls are to reside. I would suggest
that in place of " Liberia" we substitute " Mon-
rovia," and in place of " Hayti" whatever is the
name of the city where this consul is to reside.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on Mr.
Cox's amendment, and announced thatit was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I call for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
to gratify the gentleman from Ohio, but he thinks
the call for a division comes too late.
Mr. COX. 1 made the call immediately the
question was put, but I will not press it if the
Chair thinks it was too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will indulge the
gentleman, if (here is no objection.
Mr. RIDDLE. I hope that my colleague will
not peisist in agitating the negro question here.
[Laughter.!
Mr. COX. I said I would not press it if the
Chair thought it was too lafe. J will not disturb
the equanimity of my collcaguc at all.
The CHAIRMAN again put the question,and
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNA11D. I proposed an amendment
for the consideration of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I think that amend-
ment should be made in order to give effect to the
appropriation;but if he differs from mc in opinion,
and prefers to let it stand as it is, I shall not insist
on the amordment.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the appro-
priation is made in the language used by the Pres-
ident in his message. We thought possibly he
might desire to have the opportunity of selecting
the precise points at which he would appoint these
consuls. I myself think that the placcs mentioned
by the gentleman ate the proper ones; but if the
Picsidcnt thinks there are better placcs anywhere
within the limits of the two countries, I do not
wish to restrict him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not press my motion.
I wanted, however, to have the attention of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
directed to the matter. It is a very unusual mode
of legislation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman, the
object sought by the gentleman from Tennessee
can best be attained by striking out the words
"Port-au-Prince" and "San Domingo," in the
eightieth line, where they occur in the list of com-
mercial agents. If I am not in error as to my
geography,those citicsortownsarc both in Hayti,
and it is not customary to have commercial agents
and consuls at the same placcs. The act of 1860,
and also that of 1861, making appropriations for
consular and diplomatic expenses, contained an
appropriation for commercial agv ntsat those same
places, but none for consuls. Inasmuch as the
committee has determined to make an appropri-
ation for a consul in the island of Hayti, it is
but proper that the appropriation for commercial
agentsatPort-au-Prince and San Domingo should
be stricken out, so that we shall not have a con-
sul and a commcrcial agent in the same place.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there an appropriation
made for a consular as:ent there ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is in'this
bill.
Mr. COX. Allow me to say that there is also
an appropriation for a commercial agent for Mon-
rovia as well as for a consul in Liberia. I do not
think it is the intention of the committee to double
the salary or double the office.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will move to
strikeout " Port-au-Prmce, San Domingo, "in the
eightieth line, and " Monrovia," m the eighty-
first line, or perhaps it would be better for the
committee, if they are determined that consuls
shall be substituted for commercial agents, to in-
sert those words in place of " Hayti" and " Li-
beria" in the list of consuls here.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see that we have
made any appropriation for a consul in San Do-
mingo in this bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Why, certainly.
The clause reads "for salaries ot consuls gen-
eral," enumerating a large number of places; and
then "commercial agents at San Juan del Norte,
Poit-au-Princc, San Domingo, (city,) St. Paul de
Lonndo, (Angola,) Monrovia," &c.
The bill is in the words of former acts of a sim-
ilar character for years past. The proper course,
perhaps, would be to put San Domingo, Port-au-
Prince, and Monrovia in the list of consuls gen-
eral, omitting the appropriation for commcrcial
agents at those places.
Mr. STEVENS. In what line have we mp.de
an appropriation for a consul at San Domingo?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. You appropriate
for one to Hayti.
Mr. STEVENS. Hayti is not San Domingo.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is not San Do-
mingo in Hayti?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; they are very differ-
ent. One is under Spanish dominion, and the other
under African dominion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Since Spain took
possession of part of that island?
Mr. STEVENS. Spain took possession of all
that is called San Domingo—the eastern part of
the island.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Where is Port-au-
Prince?
Mr. STEVENS. Port-au-Prince is in Hayti.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Sol thought; and
Monrovia is in Liberia, so that two thirds of my
motion is proper at all events.
Mr. STEVENS. Monrovia may be a very dif-
ferent place from that where the consul is to reside.
Nothing is more common than to have commcr-
cial agents and consuls in the same country.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is there in Liberia
any other city than Monrovia to which it is prob-
able that a consul will be accredited ?
Mr. STEVENS. We have not fixed Monrovia
as the place where the consul is to reside. We
have left that to the discretion of the President.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is nolan an-
swer to my inquiry. I ask whether there is any
other city in Liberia besides Monrovia where it
is probable that a consul would be appointed?
Mr. STEVENS. There are several cities there.
Whether they are of sufficient importance to re-
quire the residence of a consul I do not know.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ I should like to
have one of them named. I will not ask the gen-
tleman to point it out.
Mr. STEVENS, f think there are some places
of considerable importance in Liberia. There is
one up the river. There is also one under the
Maryland establishment—a considerable place. I
cannot recollect its name, not having paid much
attention to this African question. But I am quite
sure that there arc places there where consuls
might be appointed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I modify my amend-
ment so as to make it strike out only Port-au-
Prince and Monrovia. Since the last consular bill
passed by Congress, Spain appears to have taken
possession of a portion of Hayti.
Mr. STEVENS. All I know is that these places
are estimated for by the Department. What the
views of the Department are, where it is intended
to place the consulates, 1 do not know, and have
no particular desire in the matter.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means say whether
the Department has estimated lor consuls also at
these other places?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. It is reported on
the i ecommendation of the President alone.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That accounts for it.
Mr. ALDRICH. It seems to me that the mo-
tion to strike out is not exactly as it should be.
It may be necessary to strike out one place and
not the other. 1 ask for a division of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wilt suggest
that, as the matter now stands, the amendment is
out of order; for the reason that the last-mentioned
place has not been reached in the reading of the
bill. The Chair will put the question, however,
because no objection has been made.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the point be
raised, I will divide the amendment. It is not
necessary to debate the matter again.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment will
be to strike out the words " Port-au-Prince."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. You are determined,
I see, to have a double delegation at these negro
placs.
Mr.HUTCHINS. I offer the folio wingamend-
ment as a proviso to the section:
Provided, That no more consuls general or consuls shull
