2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
republican governments, for it is an absurdity to
say that a republic, the vital element of which is
the consent of the governed, can exist over a hos-
tile people. They must come back with their con-
sent, or not at all, as a part of the governing
power; and to hold them permanently deprived
of political power, is at war with every principle
of our system.
The authors and leaders of the rebellion can
never be brought back with their consent. To
them peace on the basis of the Constitution and the
Union would bo political death, without the hope
of resurrection. They will resist to the last. Nor
would it be desirable or safe to have them back, if
it were possible. They have destroyed the peace
of the nation, and lighted the flame of civil war.
They must be exiled or disposed of otherwise. The
capacity for mischief must be taken from them.
But that other and larger class can be brought back
by prudent and wise counsels. They are in arms
to destroy the Union, not because they have any
antipathy to it, but because they have been made
to believe it is making war on their institutions.
They think they are engaged in a war of self-de-
fense, and that it is their only safety. They do
not hate the Union or wish its destruction; on the
contrary, they love and long for it as they think
it was.
Sir, as long as these two classes act together, a
real and solid peace is impossible. They must be
separated, or the country is ruined. The policy,
then, to be pursued is clear. Satisfy this deluded
class that no harm is intended to them and their
institutions; that the Government is not making
war on their rights of property, but is simply de-
fending its legitimate authority, and they will
gladly return to their allegiance, and unite their
efforts to yours for the reduction and expulsion
of that more dangerous class who are the real and
guilty authors of all our woe.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what will be the effect of
those measures on these deluded people ? Will
they not be received by them as confirmation
strong of all that has been said to them of your
designs, and those of the party now dominant in
the country, and fix immovably the delusion upon
them? Will they not be proof conclusive to their
minds that the destruction of their rights and lib-
erties is the fixed policy of this Administration?
I say that they will, and I am well assured of
what I say; and the conviction, even if it were
unjust, will be as mischievous and fatal, and be
followed by consequences as deplorable as if it
were well founded, and this war were in fact, as in
their opinion it is, a war of extermination.
Then, sir, forbear all ultra measures. They
only aggravate and intensify passions and preju-
dices which pervade the country. They cannot
aid m restoring the authority of the Government.
Blunders enough, not to use a stronger phiasc,
have already been committed. Infinitely better
would it have been to have refrained from much
that has been done. The proceedings of this body
have already added fuel to the flame of national
discord, and cast difficulties in the way of peace.
What good end was to have been expected from
assailing the President for restraining the illegal
and reckless interference of one of your generals
with the rights of slaveholders? What good ob-
ject had you in permitting the gates of your camps
to be thrown open to every fugitive slave from
loyal as well as disloyal masters, and then forbid-
ding your generals, on pain of expulsion from the
public service, from allowing the loyal owner to
take his property from the camp? What good
end is to be expected from encouraging slaves to
leave their owners of every shade of opinion, and
giving them shelter by the thousand in this Dis-
trict to be fed and supported at the public expense ?
What good end could be reasonably expected
from selecting this period of agitation and con-
flict to liberate the slaves of this District? What
good end is to be expected from proposing to ele-
vate the black man to the level of the white, by
removing from him the disqualification fof official
employment? What good end is expected from
talking of the reduction of eleven States of this
Union to the condition of Territories, the sub-
dued vassals of a northern bondage? And lastly,
what good motive can there be in assailin0- the
institution of slavery in the States in lamaia^e
unbecoming the theme, the time, the place and
the dignity of the Representative? What are all
these things for but to humiliate and wound the
southern heart? They do not contiibute to for-
ward the war, or give success to our armies; they
do not teach veneration and love for this Govern-
ment; they offer no motive to induce the rebel-
lious citizen to return to his allegiance; nor will
these measures. They will only embitter the feel-
ing of resentment, and drive our brethren of the
South into greater extremities. It will give them
the energy of despair. If you strip them of their
property, and leave them liable to be hung when
caught, what motive can they have to lay down
thpir arms? They will reason, and reason cor-
rectly, too, that it is a thousand times better to
meet swift destruction on the battle-field.
Then, Mr. Chairman, dismiss all passion.
Vengeance is unworthy a great nation. Be firm
and resolute; but let your firmness be tempered by
moderation. Reduce the rebellious to obedience,
but respect their rights. Press 011 your armies,
but emblazon on their banners, in words of living
light, the Constitution, with not a word added or
a word obliterated. Hold it up as the rule of
obedience, to which all must submit, and as the
measure of right, guarantied to all. Require it to
be everywhere respected, and, above all, respect
it yourselves. Then may you hope for peace—a
real peace, whose foundations are in the hearts of
the people, and whose blessings will pervade the
land and be transmitted to our posterity. Then
will you have demonstrated before a doubting
world, in favor of the dignity of human nature,
the great problem of man's capacity to govern
himself.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 450, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Army appropriation bill be closed
within five minutes after its consideration shall
be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to move the adoption of a res-
olution in response to the request of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Ilcsolred, That a committee of five be appointed to pre-
pare ami report articles of impeachment against West II.
Humphreys, a judge of tlie distiiet con it of the United State**
loi the seveial districts of Tennessee, with power to send
for persons, papers, and records.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself in to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawks in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question under con-
sideration is the Army appiopiiation bill, on
which the general debate has been ordered to be
closed 111 five minutes.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to add the following
as a proviso to the first section:
Provided, Thatno portion of the appropriation of this bill
shalibe applied tuleed, support, clothe, or equip negroes or
fugitive slaves for semee in the Auny of tile United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I had no idea that the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House would be
disposed to reopen this delicate question of sla-
very 011 one of the general appropriation bills. I
am sorry that they seize every opportunity of
agitating that question. Itis very certain that this
money will only be paid to those who are legally
in the service of the United States. If the persons !
indicated are legally employed in the service of the J
United States they are entitled to be paid. Ifthere |
are none such legally in the service of the United ]
States, of course they will not be paid under this [
bill. 1 hope the amendment will be disagreed to. |
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Nor shall they employ or enlist in the service of the Uni-
ted States slaves or runaway negroes.
I this morning offered a resolution which I
thought germane to the resolution then pending,
for the purpose 
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order. It
is that this amendment is independent legislation
upon an appropriation bill, and therefore it is out
of order under the rules of the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is only a proviso. The
bill provides for enlistments to keep up the Army.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the amendment to the amendment is
not in the nature of a restriction or qualification
of the appropriation, but that it involves independ-
ent legislation; and therefore the Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I move to amend
by striking out the last clause of the amendment.
I offered a resolution this morning, which, how-
ever, was ruled out of order, for the purpose of
ascertaining certain facts; and those were in ref-
erence to the expenditure of the public money ap-
propriated by Congress for the supply of cloth-
ing, food, &c., for the Army of the United States,
now being used in violation of law for the support
of fugitives and runaway slaves in this District
and other places.
Sir, I cannot speak, in this respect, from what I
have seen, but only from what 1 have seen in the
prints, to a certain extent. I wanted to be offi-
cially informed whether it was so or not. I had
written to the War Department before I offered
the resolution to the House, but I received 110
answer. I wanted certain facts of which I am sat-
isfied, to be disclosed, because I have it very di-
rectly from Port Royal that many of the slaves
who have been taken there desire to return to their
masters; but that they are prohibited by the mil-
itary authorities governing in that department.
Nay more, sir, I have the assurance that when
some of them attempted to leave the camp for the
purpose of thus returning, they have been shot
by the sentinels under the order of superiors, and
that eight of them have been killed. I wanted to
showthattlie peoplenf this country whoare taxed,
and taxed fully, largely, and who will pay the tax,
are willing to pay for the support of the Army and
Navy to put down this rebellion. I have seen it
published, upon the authority of agentleman who
had visited the troops of the United States at Fort
Wright on the Mississippi, a statement that the
soldiers there were suffeiing for clothing; that de-
mands had been made for clothing, and no response
was made to it. While that state of things exists
in the Mississippi valley, a requisition for arms
and clothing made from Port Royal, to clothe and
arm the runaway slaves of the South, has been
promptly responded to, and arms and clothes sent.
I am certain that, although this might meet the
approbation of a majority of this House, the hon-
est people of the United States, who desire this re-
bellion put down as speedily as possible, and the
Union restored, cannot'sanction, ratify, or con-
firm such an application of the public money. I
have nothing more to say. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the last
clause of the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I must object to its
being withdrawn; for if any part of that amend-
ment is adopted the whole should be. I had not
intended to reply to the gentleman, thinking that
some of those who are specially authorized by
the conservative party would have taken this ques-
tion in hand. I looked to my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] to keep this agitating question out
of Congress. [Laughter.] I had hoped that the
gentleman who was secretary of the conservative
meetings, [Mr. Cox,] or some of those gentlemen,
would have interposed and saved us this trouble.
Mr.KELLOGG,oflllinois. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. STEVENS. If the person rises for the
purpose of opposing this matter, and of keeping
this subject out of Congress, I will yield.
Mr. KELLOGG, of iili nois. I came into the
Hall just as the gentleman alluded to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not yield, as the gen-
tleman was out.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For a moment
only.
