1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213S
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw what I said about
the gentleman from Illinois, as I did not observe
that lie was out. I think that both the amend-
mentand the amendment to the amendment should
be voted down. I trust we shall not be troubled
with thisagitatingquestion aboutslaves, inasmuch
as we find that Congress has no power over the
subject, and that it is left entirely to the Execu-
tive, according to the opinion of gentlemen upon
the other side of the House; and I had hoped
they would refrain from attempting to control
this matter through the operations of Congress.
[Laughter.] I hope, therefore, this amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to have
the amendment read.
The amendment was reported.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew the amendment,
and I renew it for the purpose of asking the gen-
tleman from Kentucky what assurance he has
that these slaves who desired to return, and were
not permitted to return, were not the slaves of
rebel masters who desired that they might return
in order to be used against us, and as our ene-
mies? And I desire to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if it is not a fact that slaves are em-
ployed to build intrenchments and to do whatever
tliey can do effectually, in the opinion of the
rebels and their abettors; and if that is so, I would
like to know whether the people of this country
will not submit to having these slaves employed
io the armies of the United States in quelling this
rebellion ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not know who these
eight slaves that were killed belonged to. _
If the rebels disgraced themselves by using the
slaves as armed soldiers, it is no reason why this
Union should disgrace itself by arming runaway
slaves and attaching them to the Army. Chris-
tianity forbids such an act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With all respect to the
gentleman, I will say it is no disgrace to any man,
white or black, to do what he can to quell this
rebellion. I do not consider it a disgrace to this
nation to employ colored men—colored slaves, if
you please—if it be found necessary, and our Sec-
retary of War deems it necessary and expedient
to do so, in order to put down this rebellion.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. 1 understand this
amendment to be a limitation upon the power of
the President and of the War Department in the
distribution of the money voted for the Army of
the United States. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to that limitation,first,because I haveunbounded
and unqualified confidence in the President of the
United States and in the chief of the War De-
partment, and I would not limit him or them be-
yond the limitations which have heretofore been
placed upon them; and none such, in my recol-
lection, has ever been placed upon the disburse-
ment of the moneys voted to support the Army.
I entertain no doubt but that the Administration
is carrying on the war to crush out this rebellion—
ay,efficiently,discreetly,justly, well; and I would
not cripple it or control it. 1 am opposed to this
continual and continued effort to direct generals,
or to tie up their hands in carrying on this war.
1 do not believe, sir, that I am quite as good a
general as those in the field fighting the battles;
but I very much doubt, however, whether 1 am
not as good a general as gentlemen in this House
who criticise them so much.
There is another reason why 1 am opposed to
this, and that is the reason suggested by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that we
should keep out mischievous legislation from en-
tering here; and when he calls upon me for that
purpose, he shall not call in vain: and, sir, I am
happy of the opportunity of saying that if I can
contribute in any degree to prevent unnecessary
agitation, coupled with mischievous legislation, I
shall feel that I have well discharged my duty as
a Representative upon this floor. I hope my
friend from Pennsylvania may say as much. A.nd
if he will come to the conservative policy which
alone can sustain this Government and its integ-
rity, he will do well.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman merely for information. When does
the party meet again? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will answer the
gentleman: the conservative men of this Congress
will meet every time that pernicious and mischiev-
ous legislation shall be presented; and I trust in
God they will be as successful hereafter as we
have heretofore been, in compelling gentlemen to
make rapid haste to get under the cover of the
Chicago platform, from which they have so far
gone astray.
Mr, STEVENS. Then it is to be held imme-
diately.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not hear
what my friend says. He is as garrulous as an
old woman. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that that meet-
ing is called forthwith. [Renewed laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
Nor shall Indians be employed to aid in suppressing the
rebellion against aimies composed of white men.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, to submit a few re-
marks in relation to the condition of the country
and this rebellion. I do not desire the Govern-
ment of the United States to imitate the example
set us by the confederate government, by employ-
ing Indians to fight the white men of our Army;
but I am very willing to employ the loyal Indians
upon the borders of the States of Arkansas and
Missouri to aid in restoring peace and quiet and the
return to their allegiance to the Government of
the United States of the various tribes which have
been engaged in this rebellion.
This is a war of white men, not of Indians and
not of negroes. A proposition to employ negroes
to fight against white men is worse than one to
employ Indians to fight against white men. You
recollect that during the American Revolution,
when a proposition was made to employ savages
for the purpose of putting down the rebellion of
the thirteen colonies, it was denounced in the
British Parliament. The slaveholders, or the
majority of them, were the last to give in to this
rebellion in those States which arc now in arms
against the Government of the United States. But
those persons who had been engaged in plotting
this rebellion and in preparing for this civil war,
had placed themselves at the head of (he State
governments in nearly all of those States. They
had the Executives and other State officers, and
they had the Legislatures, and they could there-
fore do whatever they saw fit. When the people
of those States met in convention and passed ordi-
nances of secession by which they declared that
they no longer owed allegiance to this Government
they enacted the necessary ordinances to adapt
themselves to the condition m which they were then
placed. Upon the statute-book of every State in
this Union there is a law punishing persons for trea-
son against the State government, and a Union
man in one of these rebellious States,if hehad risen
up for the purpose of asserting the supremacy of
the laws of the United Slates and his allegiance to
the Government of the United States, would have
been in the condition of subjectinghi mself to three-
fold punishment: first, punishment for treason
against the so-called government of the confeder-
ate States; secondly, for treason against the gov-
ernment of his State; and thirdly, he was liable to
be arrested by the military authorities either of
the confederate government or of the State gov-
ernment, and to be despoiled of his property.
Men have been compelled to furnish their ser-
vants to aid m the construction of fortifications
and intrenchments in the vicinity of the rebel
army. They have not done it willingly, but that
assistance has been cocrced from them precisely
as military service has been coerced from many
loyal citizens in the now rebellious States. I know
that has beenthecasewiihreference tomenwhom
I have known as loyal citizens, and who have
been compelled to perform military service against
the Government of the United States, in the State
in which 1 reside, and which I have the honor in
part to represent. Do you propose that these ne-
groes shall be employed to fight against white
men? I know that the institution of slavery has
been regarded by many as an element of weak-
ness oil the part of the southern States; but, up
to this time, we have not found any disloyalty
towards their masters on the part of these ser-
vants. This very element which you liaveoiten-
times pointed to as a source of weakness on the
part of the slaveiiolding States has, m fact, been
a source of strength to them, because the ser-
vants, as a general rule, have remained at home
and have tilled the soil and cultivated the land as
they formerly did. They have no feeling in re-
lation to this rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS,ofMissouri,bJrunanimouacon-
sent, withdrew liisamendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. ■ Cai.vert's
amendment ; and being taken, the amendment was
rejected—ayes 28, noes 66. ;'
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to offer an amendment
to which I ask the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I move to
strike out in the one hundred and eighty-sixth
line the words " two years," so that it will read:
" for payment of bounty to volunteers," &c.; and
also to strike out the words " and to the widows
and legal heirs of such as may die or be killed in
the service of the United States." We have al-
ready appropriated $5,000,000 for the purpose of
carrying out the provision of the act ot July last,
so far as the widows of volunteers are concerned
and their children, fathers, mothers, brothers, and
sisters. It certainly cannot be necessary to dupli
cate the appropriation. In the opinion oftheCom-
>f Ways and Means, $5,000,000 was suffi-
mittee of1
cientfor thatpurpose. The reason why I propose
to strike out the words " two years" is that this
House has already made a provision in connec-
tion with the homestead bill, giving the bounty
of $100 contemplated by this provision to those
who may have been engaged in the service for six
months and upwards. So that both these provis-
ions which I propose to amend are inconsistent
with the legislation of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as the provision in
the homestead bill is concerned, the Senate have
stricken it out; and the special bill which we
passed through this House was a deficiency bill
for the past year. This bill applies to the year
1863.
Mr. HOLM AN". In that view of the matter,
I desire to ask the gentleman another question.
The House, in passing the deficiency bill, ap-
propriating $5, 000,000, made use of the term, not
"legal heirs," but "widows, children, fathers,
mothers, brothers, and sisters," and of course the
House does not intend now to change the rule
then adopted. The opinion of the House was very
clearly expressed that the appropriation now made
should be for the benefit of those classes of por-
sons.
Mr. STEVENS. This appropriation conforms
to the law of July last, and leaves the matter pre-
cisely where that law left it. For my own part, I
think it right that the men who enlisted under that
law should have the bounty according to the pro-
visions of the law as it existed at that time. I do
not know what modifications have been made by
the House; perhaps I was not present at the time;
but 1 am opposed to any change in the law of July,
under which these men enlisted. I cannot, there-
fore, agree to any modification of this appropria-
tion. If the Senate shall act upon the bills which
the House has passed, they can amend this bill
when it comes before them, if they find in it any-
thing inconsistent with other legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that this
House ought at least to make its legislation con-
sistent. 1 will withdraw the amendment I offered
a while ago, and move to strike out the words
" and legal heirs," and to insert in iieu thereof
the words " children, fathers, mothers, brothers,
andsistevs." , ,
Let me say this, in addition to what I have al-
ready said, that the consideration upon which the
House has manifestly acted heretofore was this:
that in the present circumstances of the country,
Congress is acting .
it appropriates the money now for this rooie met*-
itonoun class of claimants, who had adirectclaim
upon the services of deceased soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know from
the gentleman whether this appropriation is no'
in the words of the act of July, which gives th<
bounty ? That is my understanding of it, and 1
am unwilling to alter the law in an appropriatioi
bill. , r
Mr. HOLMAN. Congress has never, as J un
derstand, adopted any rule of sense as to the mean
ingof theterm " legal heirs." The various State!
have different rules on the subject.
with sufficient liberality when
