1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
ders an equal portion of the burden. The North,
by this proposition, agrees to divide with the
South the expense of whatever system of eman-
cipation and colonization may be adopted by the
seveiai States.
Much has been said, Mr. Speaker, by our
friends over the way respecting the magnitude of
the expense involved in this proposition if ac-
ceded to by ah the States. Sir, if is not contem-
plated by the resolution; it is not contemplated
by the President in his message; nay, sir, it is not
even expected or believed by the gentlemen them-
selves that there would be under its operation an
immediate abolition of slavery 111 all the southern
States. It is not proposed that there shall be a
sudden and immediate emancipation of all the
slaves in any one of the States; nor is there the
remotest possibility that any State would act so
unwisely as to attempt any such disturbing policy
as that of bringing all her slaves to freedom by
one single bound. No, sir. The bill proposes
gradual emancipation for compensation, not sudden
abolition without it. And let us now suppose that
the policy wore to commence in my own little
Slate of £)elaware, where there are not exceeding
eighteen hundred slaves. Why, sir, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Diven] has already
stated, and truly stated, that what it costs the
country to carry on this war for half a day will
pay for every slave now owned in the State of
Delaware. Yes, sir, that is tiue, and moic than
true; the cost of the prosecution of this war to
put down a rebellion begotten by slavery for half
a day will not only pay for all the slaves in my
State, at full prices, but will leave a heavy margin
to provide a fund for the removal from our midst
not only the freed slaves, but the entire negro pop-
ulation, and colonize them in any other country
provided for them by the General Government.
In my humble judgment this plan of gradual
emancipation by the States, in which they are
themselves to take the initiative, is the veiy best
that could possibly be suggested or devised. The
States choose theirown plan of emancipation, and
then they are invited by this pioposition to lely
upon the stiong arm of the Federal Government
to aid tlmm in us complete and successful accom-
plishment.
If it be objected that the offer by the General
Government of the proposed aid is a recognition
of the propriety of the adoption by the States as
soon as they can without detriment, public, or pri-
vate, to the white race, of some policy of giadual
emancipation and colonization, I have only toieply
that on this account I hail the message of the Piesi-
dent as a return to the glorious punciples which
moved and prompted our fathers, who framed for
us the Constitution and Government under which
ne live; a Constitution the most liberal, and a
Government the most mild and benignant that the
woild has ever known. Yes, sir; it is but a re-
turn to that principle from which for forty years
we have been unconsciously drifting; one which
we must all acknowledge to bcrightwhcn we can
tree oursehes ftom party trammels, and think
with minds free fiom passion or ignoble prejudice.
It is but a leturn to a principle of right, acknowl-
edged by and acted upon by the men composing
the convention which adopted our Constitution,
and among the foremost of those by the represent-
atives in that body of the State of Virginia, now
the most rampant, next to South Carolina, in pro-
moting and carrying on this wicked and gigantic
lebetlion.
Let us r^cur, sir, for but a moment, to the pe-
nod of the organization of this Government, and
u :td the debates of the convention of L7S7, which
iiamed the Federal Constitution. Sir, we find
that i> w as the almost universal sentiment of the
men assembled m that immortal body that slavery
was and would be the great curse of this country;
that it was a social, political, and moral evil,and
one which ou^ht rn be put m the course of <( ul~
iimulc extinctionNay, more than that, sir,
Thomas Jefferson, the great founder of Democ-
racy, whose name wil! go down to " the last re-
corded syllable of time" as the author of the Magna
Oluirta of American Jioeity, when he diew the
original draft of that great instrument, inserted a
piowsion emboyilmg this principle In the enn-
ui mat ion of the gi ie\ ances of the colonies against
the Kitii; of Great IJntnin, ho cinugec him sub-
stantially in these terms: " lie has waged cruel
war against human nature itself, violating its most
sacred rights of life and liberty in the persons of I
adistant people who never offended him, captiva-
ting and carrying them into slavery in another
hemisphere. Determined to keep open a market
where men should be bought and sold, he has
prostituted his negative for Suppressing every
legislative attempt to prohibit or restrain this exe-
crable commerce." Unfortunately, I think, that
clause was stricken out. Had it remained to this
day as the polar star in the policy of our Govern-
ment in dealing with this vexatious question of
slavery, we should not now have presented to the
world the humiliating and horrid spectacle of a
civil war raging in the fairest Government under
heaven, in which it is not thought a matter of
such serious and awful consequence how many
lives of our white brethren are saciifieed as it is
how many miserable negioes have escaped from
their masters and how many have been returned
by our Army officers. It was the recognition
of a great fundamental principle of liberty and
humanity which, smother it as you may, will,
Arethusa-hke, break forth ever and anon in the
great American heart North and South.
In thus speaking, I do not wish it understood
that I favor the cause of abolition, which is a
violent and sudden disruption of the relation of
master and .slave without consent, without com-
pensation, and without regard to the dangerous
and direful consequences which may result to the
communities in which that relation has subsisted
for so long a time; but I hesitate not to declare
that I believe the Almighty intended this Union
as the home of the white race, created for them,
not for the negro, and that it is the duty of every
patriot to consider, in the language of the Pres-
ident, under a full sense of his responsibility to
his God and his countiy, how the separation of
the two distinct races, which can never, and ought
never, to dwell together upon terms of political
and social equality, can be effected with the least
jarring to the harmony and happiness of our
country.
And now, sir, I do not desire to trespass longer
upon the attention of the House. 1 should not
have arisen but for the purpose of saying, as I
have already intimated, that entertaining the views
which I have expressed, and believing that they
are the sentiments of a majority of those whom
I have the honor to represent,! shall mostcheer-
fully vote for this proposition, not because I rc-
gaid it in the light m which it seems to be viewed
by my friends from Kentucky, but because 1 look
upon it as a pledge freely offered by the northern
States to us of the South—a pledge from a north-
ern Administration—that so longas the power of
this Government shall be wielded by the North
it will wait until the States themselves shall have
taken the initiative in measures of emancipation,
and then will only mteivene so far as to aid by
its powerful arm in the work of cairying out the
policy which each State may m its wisdom adopt.
In that view, and in that view only, I cordially
yield my assent and approval to the proposition
made to us by the President as contained in the
resolution now before us.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but a very few minutes with any re-
marks of mine.
Mr. McPHERSON. If the gentleman will
yield to me, I will move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. IIICKMAN. I will occupy the floor but
for a shot t time.
Although I do not consider the passage of this
resolution as of any great practical importance,
yet I shall cast my vote for it. It does not possess
any great intrinsic merit, for the reason that its
adoption would not constitute legislation. It would
be better distinguished as a plank in the platform
ofa political party. Jfcamed through this House
it will not even bind the present Mouse to pass a
law, much less a House that shall be convened in
the future. It is, in my judgment, simply a doc-
laiation of opinion as to a policy, and nothing
more. As I look at it, it is rather a compensation
to the North for disappointed hopes, and a warn-
ing to the people of the border slave States, who
aie most interested at the present moment in the
subjerr to which it makes special reference. The
President of the United States cannot be ignorant
of the (act that he has, thus iar, failed to meet the
just expectation of the party which elected him to
the office he holds, and his friends are to be com-
forted, not so much by the resolution itself as by
the body of the message, while the people of the
border slave States will not fail to observe that
with the comfort to us is mingled an awful warning:
to them.
The paper is somewhat of an assurance—slight
I admit—that the President still has convictions
upon the great question of freedom and slavery,
and. that in a certain event the interests of slavery,
which he seems anxious to protect, may be pros-
trated*, and that, therefore, it is better for the bor-
der States to put themselves in a position to meet
a great crisis. It is, therefore, rather a palliative
and caution than an open and avowed policy; it
is rather an excuse for non-action than an avowed
determination to act. I speak frankly upon this
point, because I do not rest upon the arms of
power, and I am as free to denounce anything
which I may regard objectionable in this Admin-
istration as in any which has preceded it, or which
may follow it. Neither the message nor the res-
olution is manly and open. They are both cov-
ert and insidious. They do not become the dig-
nity of the President of the United States. The
message is not such a document as a full-grown
independent man should publish to the nation at
such a time us the present, when positions should
be freely and fully defined. The President of the
United States is not permitted to be ignorant of
the fact which is hourly made more evident that
the party winch elected him to office have, to a
certain extent, been disappointed in the prosecu-
tion of this war. ' I do not mean to intimate that
this party anticipated that the President would
enter upon a scheme of abolition—far from it; but
I do mean to say that they expected when he was
elevated to office that in such an emergency as the
present he would not fail to assume any respons-
ibility made proper by the circumstances sur-
rounding him.
Sir, any man who sits down and carefully reads
this message, cannot fail to understand just what
it was the President had in his mind at the time
he penned it. In the first place he says to the Re-
publican party:" Gentlemen, lam not such a great
defender of the institution of slavery as you would
make the country believe I am. I am willing that
the institution of slavery shall be sustained, and
especially in the border States, but in case a dis-
solution of the Union, to any extent, shall occur,
I will see, as far as my official influence extends,
that those border States shall affiliate with the
States of the North." In the second place, he
says to-those border States: "Gentlemen, I give
you warning in time, that in the prosecution of the
war a policy may eventually become necessary on
the part of this Administration which will lead
to the destruction of the slave interest in these
States." Now, let us see whether this is not the
case. After proposing the resolution in question,
the President says:
"In the annual message l;v=t December, I thought fit to
say, 'the Union mu<t be preserved; and hence all indis-
pensable means must be employed.' I s>aid tins not hastily,
but delibeMtcly. \V«u ha* been made, and continues to be
an indispensable means to this end.5'
That is, to the preservation of the Union—
" A ptaetical ^acknowledgment of the national authority
would render the war unnecessary, and it would at once
cea^e. If, however, lesistance continues, the war must
also continue."
There shall be no peace, in other words, so long
as any State in the Union fails to recognize the
lawful authority of the United States. I ask the
attention of gentlemen interested in 14 the peculiar
institution" to the sentence which I am now about
to read:
" Jind it is impossible to foresee all the incidents which
may attend, and all the rain vhich may follow it."
That is, which may follow the prosecution of
the war for the preservation of the Union:
"Such as may seem indispensable, or ma> obviously
promise gicat efficiency towards ending the struggle, must
and will come."
I say, sir, in view of the plain language of the
message, that nogentleman can fail to observe that
the President of the United States makes direct
reference to the employment of measures, in a
certain emergency, which may cause a weakening
if not a total subversion of the slave power; and
as no one can well doubt that the war will event-
ually be more vigotously prosecuted upon the
Gulf than in the border States, and that where sla-
very is strongest it will be the last place to yield,
so 1 believe that the end of this struggle, if it shall
