1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
there, or whether they do not remain precisely
the same ^
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is a ques-
tion which I am able to answer only upon that
knowledge which is open to us all. I take it,
however, that since this appointment was ten-
dered and accepted, there lias been no change of
responsibilities or duties belonging to the place.
Mr. MAYNARD. How recently was the
present appointee sent there?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No doubt some
one of the delegation from the State of Massa-
chusetts, from which he was appointed, can fur-
nish that information. I presume my friend on
the left [Mr. Dawes] can inform the gentleman.
I am not able to say precisely when, but it is
within a recent period of course.
As I have said, this is a disagreeable objection
to make. It is not an important affair. I make
the suggestion with the greatest respect to the gen-
tleman in question, and I make it because I be-
lieve, as was suggested by some gentleman over
the way yesterday, that it is our duty to see to it,
and to see to it daily, not only in the great re-
spects, but in the small particulars, that, as far
as possible, we trammel up the drain upon the
Treasury, and confine it to what is positively and
absolutely inevitable.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE. Let us take the vote
without the yeas and nays fiist.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was read, as
follows:
In the clause appropriating salaries for consuls, insert:
"Gaspe Hasin, Valencia, Martinique, Toronto, Santander,
Gdlarz, Iiiihoa, Seio, and Patamaubo."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was read, as
follows:
111 thepaiarrraph fot salaries of consuls, incieasethc ap-
piopriation liom $333 001) to $3:2] ,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing it $2,000, which is ren-
dered necessary by the action of the House.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on tile engiossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Tnseit ilie woiiW " and Teintork's;" bo that the clai^c
wiN lOitd *
To enable the Soorotaiy of State to have prepared and
tiansnnttcd to the Executive of the seveialStates and Tcr-
utoiies, ha\ iiis? boundara-- with loicngu States, a compe-
> tent number 01 authentic copies of the settlement of such
bouiKlatie-:-, and the maps and chuifs lelatmg theielo, and
the evidence theieof in the rftats; Department, §>10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment, as follows:
Increase the appropriation fiom $29,50010 £38,491 48; so
that the clause will read:
For compensation and increased salaries to sundry con-
suls under the act of 2d August, 1861, .$38,491 48.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and bcingengrosscd,
it was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
ta'uir\
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. HOLMAN,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following lesolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the special committee for the investiga-
tion of i onti.tcfs be inslinc ted to specially inquire into th'j
subject of ilie tiaiisport.Uion ot hoop-< <i u! munition^ ot
war bv lailioad. and the method or =>ucli tuuispoitation,
whether by spunal eo.Uinct oi otheiwi-se. and whether
theie ha.-3 been unncoe-'-aiy transposition ot o thei,and
it so, the motive theieof ami by who.->e older the same was
done, and repott specially theieon.
Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Re>olrciJ, Thai the Seeretaiy of War be leqtiested to
furnish the Hv/u^e alt general oidcis issued by him. or by
officers of his Department, in reference to the transport-
ation of troops and munitions of war by railioad. Also,
ail orders designating the amount to be paid by the Govern-
ment lor the tianspoitation of troops and munitions of war
by lailroad.
Mr. ALLEY. I move the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That the special committee to investigate con-
tracts be directed to inquire into the contiacts for furnish-
ing shoes to the Army and Navy, and the relative cost of
different materials and kinds, and report to this House.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Illinois, (at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 20, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
TheJ onrnal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 150) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 18G3, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending 30tli
June, 18G2;
A bill (No. 1C0) to promote the efficiency of the
dead letter office;
A joint resolution (No. 22) authorizing Henry
Sawyer to accept a medal; and
A bill (No. 153) to authorize the construction
of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats.
CONDUCT or TIIE WAR.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had appointed Mr. Daniel W.
Gooen of Massachusetts, Mr. John Covode of
Pennsylvania, Mr. George W\ Julian of Indi-
ana, and Mr. Moses P. Odell of New York, on
its part, members of the joint committee to inquire
into the conduct of the war.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 82) to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy; and it was
signed by the Vice President.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have received and been
requested to present the petition of William Elder
and others, citizens of Pike county, Illinois, pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery if necessary to
preserve the Union, paying to loyal citizens a fail-
compensation for their slaves. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received, and
been requested to present, a petition of several
hundred citizens of the city and county of Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois, stating that the
island of Rock Island, in that county, is Govern-
ment property, and setting forth the advantages
which it possesses as a location for a national
armory, and asking that one may be established
I there. I have a similar petition from citizens of
I the county of Mereer, in the same State, to the
I same effect; also, a petition, signed by Captain
I John Beardslcy, and perhaps a thousand others,
i citizens of the State of Illinois, now in the military
j service in the State of Missouri, praying for the
same object. I believe there is a bill upon that
subject now pending in the Senate; and therefore
I ask that these petitions lie upon the tabic.
The petitions were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received,and
been requested to present, the petition of James
i M. Logan and one hundred and eighty others,
j citizens of Indiana, praying for the removal of
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, a Senator of the United
States from that State, from the Senate of theUni-
: ted States. 1 move that the petition be referred to
; the Committee on the Judiciary, which lias the
I; subject under consideration.
i! Tile motion wasagrccd to.
! Mr. ANTHONY piosented the memorial of
[' Charles Hunter, a lieutenant in the Navy of the
i! United States, on the retired list, praying to be
restored to his proper position on the active list,
and in the line of promotion, he being no w in active
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Asa
Burdick and others, citizens of the State of Wis-
consin, praying the abolition of slavery in the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Gov-
ernor John A. Andrew, Edward Everett, Judge
B. R. Curtis, and others, citizens of Massachu-
setts, asking the prompt attention of the Govern-
ment to the condition of our soldiers held as pris-
oners of war, and proposing that the Government
should establish immediately a system of ex-
change; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 350) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending June
30, 18G2—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No.lGO) to promote the efficiency of the
dead letter office—to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 22) authorizing Henry
Sawyer to accept a medal—to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
A bill (No. 153) to authorize the construction
of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats—to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Michael Nash, on the files
of the Senate, be rcfened to tiie Committee on the District
ot Columbia.
BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (S. No.
108) for the release of certain persons hold to ser-
vice or labor in the District of Columbia, intro-
duced by him on the 16th instant, was taken from
the table, read the second time, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting papers in relation to the re-
quirements necessary to enable citizens of the
United States, who wish to be exhibitors at the
industrial exhibition to be held in London, 18G2;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
correspondence between the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of War, and the Governor of Maine,
on the subject of fortifications on the sea-coast and
the lakes; Which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 110)
in lelation to district attorneys, reported it with-
out amendment, and adversely.
GENERAL LYON.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 20)
expressive of the recognition by Congress of the
gallant and patriotic services of the late Brigadier
Cfcneral Nathaniel Lyon, and the officers and sol-
diers under his command at the battle of Spring-
field, Missouri, to report it hack without amend-
ment. If there be no objection, I should like to
have the joint resolution considered at this time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution, which is
as follows:
Resolved Si/ the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
Cunsie-- deems it .1 n;-t and proper to enter u|ioii ito iecords a
recognition ot tile raiment ami patriotic sei vices of the late
| lin-'.idler Genoial Nathaniel Lyon. The coimtiy to whoso
Ken ice lie devoted hi-, life will guard and pict-crve Ins tame
; a pat lot" it- own <riory. Second. Than he thanks of Con
| ... aio hcieby given lo the hiave oliicers and soldiers
1 who. under the command of tlte late Geneia! Lyon, i=us
