154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
tained the Jionor of the flag, and achieved victory against
overwhelming numbers at the battle of Springfield, in Mis-
souri ; and l hat in order to commemorate an event so hon-
orable to the country and to tiiemseives, it is ordeied that
each resimcnt engaged sh.Ul be dutlumzed to bear upon its
colors The woid " embroidered in lctteis of
gold. And the President of thti United States is hereby re-
quested to cau.se these resolutions to be lead at the head of
every regiment m tiie Army of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr, President, the resolu-
tions which have just been read to the Senate
were introduced to the House of Representatives
by the distinguished member from St. Louis, and
passed the House very unanimously. I trust they
will in like n*)anner pass the Senate; but to me
there is one reason why they should receive at
least a passing notice. The State of Kansas was
latgely interested in that battle at Wilson's Creek,
near Springfield. And the country and mankind
have a large interest in the fame of the immortal
Lyon, who fell in that battle. Such a man and
such a general is not often found, and very rarely
combined in one person. Perhaps I may be par-
doned heie for saying that I had the pleasure of
a personal acquaintance with General Lyon for
years; and it was an acquaintance formed and
matured under the mostimpressivecircumstances.
The early struggles for the freedom of our own
State were not tinlike in their nature the present
struggles of the nation. The same questions to a
great extent entered into the one that now con-
vulse the other. The same interests, passions,
and barbarity, so disgraceful to our age and hu-
manity, entered as largely into that struggle as in
the present.
General Lyon, whose deeds and fame now be-
long to the whole country, was then Captain
Lyon, of the regular Army, stationed at Port
Riley, in Kansas. He had for (en years served
the country in that capacity, and without promo-
tion. He was as true a soldier as ever stood in
the line of battle; a sagacious officer, strict in habit
and discipline, and an honest man.
His attention to me on an occasion of great per-
sonal fatigue and exposure—takingmc Lo hisquar-
ters, welcoming me to all his comforts, and then
loaning me his own horse, fresh and strong, and
taking in charge mine exhausted and worn, were
acts of generosity and kindness that 1 will never
forget. The elementsofafriendship cemented by
a unity of sentiment and principle, in an hour of
great extremity, are the most enduring attach-
ments of this life.
As Captain Lyon, he sympathized with the
free State men of Kansas, espoused their cause
and vindicated their rights in the presence of su-
perior Army officers and Government appointees,
who wore, even there, as false to their country,
to freedom, and to God, as secession itself, fie
was then, as always, an earnest man, true among
the false, faithful among the faithless, devotedly
attached to the Union that he loved, the Consti-
tution that he vindicated,and the dag of his coun-
try for which he died.
Comparisons are odious, and 1 hesitate to draw
them. Still, amidst the general inactivity so preva-
lent on the Potomac, and so discouraging to live
men, it is refreshing to notice that when the oidcr
was for Captain Lyon to take and capture Gen-
eral Frost's command at Camp Jackson, the ink
was scarcely dry on the order before that work
was accomplished.
The 10th day of May will be forever memora-
ble in St. Louis as a day when one decisive blow,
struck by one decided officer, forever freed that
city from subjection to the rebellion. And there
she remains to-day a proud monument, her edi-
fices standing in towering magnificence, \indicat-
ing that policy, and safe amidst surrounding des-
olation.
One Friday morning in June last Claib Jack-
son, the so-called Governor of Mi^souu, issued
his proclamation deelaung war against the United
States forces in Missouri. That very afternoon,
before the sun went down, General "Lyon com-
menced moving his little army of twenty-seven
hundred men upon steamboats at St. Louis, and
was soon under way for Jefferson City, the cap-
ital. On the following Sabbath evening he took
possession quietly of that capiial. The rebels,
Governor and officers and soldiers, had lied, burn-
ing bridges, and spreading destruction in their
tram. Before Monday morning lie commenced
moving a portion of that little invincible army to
Booncville, fifty miles further up, where he en-
gaged the enemy and dispersed them, taking the
city. Thus, I say, it is refreshing to see that there
was one general who could move his army three
hundred miles in three successive days and have
a battle and a victory! General Lyon moved soutii
from Booncville toward Springfield, in the wake
of the fleeing rebels, who were retreating into
Arkansas. After several successful skirmishes
about Springfield, restoring order and quiet, he
halted there for reinforcements. On his way there
he was joined by one regiment from Iowa and
two from Kansas.
And now may I be allowed to pause in my
argument a moment to say that these two regi-
ments were only the first generous offerings of
our young State to the cause of the country? But
the flower and pride of our State were m them.
These were the kind of men who spring spon-
taneously to their arms in an hour of danger,
though we were not embraced in the President's
proclamation for troops on the 15th of April last.
They mustered in as infantry in the month of June,
and were ordered immediately into Missouri.
Thank God there were no wretched traitors in
Kansas left unhung to rise up against their coun-
try, and to seek the overthrow of the Government.
So our troops were ordered into Missouri—many
of them without one day's notice. The first day's
march of one regiment was forty-five miles in
twenty-two successive hours, without baggage-
wagons or ambulances. And before they could
be provided with clothing or shoes they were
ordered onward and still onward into Missouri;
and when they had joined General Lyon at Spring-
field they had been marched over three hundred
miles; and one of the regiments had only seven
baggage-wagons ! A part of the Kansas and Iowa
regiments, under an order from General Sweeney,
were maichcd in two days from Springfield to
Forsythe, sixty miles, and had a battle; and after
dispersing the rebels, returned to Springfield in
two and a half days; and during this unparalleled
marching over two hundred of these brave men
were entirely destitute of shoes.
But the memorable day about which cluster all
the interests of that southwestern campaign was
the 30th day of August, 1861. Upon the evening
of the 9th, as darkness quietly settled down into
the valleys, and light lingered blushingly upon
the hill-tops, this little army of five and a half thou-
sand men set out to meet twenty-five thousand,
and engage them in conflict. They maiched by
two different routes all night, and at daybreak
came upon the enemy, encamped upon Wilson's
Creek. Immediately, without waiting on points of
etiquette, General Lyon formed the line of battle.
And here began, at five o'clock in the morning,
the conflict of arms—more terrible and destructive,
according to numbers, than ever engaged men on
this continent before. From the beginning to the
close, for six and a half houis, the filing was in-
cessant and terrific. At half past ten o'clock the
man of a)! men there—the general of all generals
in this war—fell at the head of one of our regiments,
leading them gloriously onward to victory. He
placed himself there in a moment, in ipsponse to
the call of these men as unconquerable as him-
self, Gencial Lyon had before, that day, been
twice wounded, and had one horse shot under
him. He resisted all entreaties for refreshments,
willing to hazard everything himself, anxious
only for his men and their cause. He neither fal-
tered or complained, until the fatal shaft entered
the life fountain, and "the golden bowl was
broken." He thus sunk quietly to rest, amidst
the din of battle and the smoke of the contest—
the Warren of this war. The battle went on,
though its leader had fallen. Few of either officers
or men knew what had occurred. The enemy
being repulsed, returned with fresh regiments
again and again; but returned only to retreat in
confusion, leaving their trail strewn with the
fallen. Our troops advanced and took possession
of the field. The rebels, in fear, now burned their
own baggage-wagons. Volumes of smoke rolled
up from every side of the battle-field, and concen-
tiuling above them, hung the lienvens in the dra-
pery of mourning. The lebcls were receding,and
the firing ceased altogether.
But this day's work was not ended until from
the sixteen bundled who went into that battle from
Kansas, five hundred and forty men, the pride and
hope of our young Stale, not yet a year old, lay
among the dead or the wounded.
Our two colonels, Deitsler and Mitchell, gallant
and brave, were borne from the field in an ambu-
lance ! The one, Deitsler, wounded severely m
the limb; the other, Mitchell, penetrated with four
balls ! Every field and staff officer of the sec-
ond regiment, and part of the first, had his hoise
shot under him. Showing that officers as well as
privates in that country were in the hardestof the
fight!
Lieutenant Newell, lam sorry to say, was killed.
I remember him and his noble-hearted father
(though sixty years of age) marching, camping,
and fighting with us, through the long and wast-
ing years oflS55 and 1856, never to be forgotten
in our eaily history.
Lieutenant Jones, too, a lawyer as well as sol-
diei, of great promise, endowed with learning and
eloquence, the center of many hopes and fond
affections, having but lately led to the marriage
altar the precious daughter of one of our mission-
aries, accomplished and beautiful. He, too, fell
among the fallen, and sleeps in the long, wakeless,
dreamless sleep of the dead. And Lieutenant
Pratt, too, who was my traveling companion from
Boston to Kansas in 1854, and a personal fiiend
alwayssince. Andseoresofothers,equally wor-
thy, sealed upon that battle-field their fidelity to
their country with their blood. Oh, such offer-
ings were costly sacrifices for our young State,
yet offered cheerfully in devotion to country, to
free government, to constitutionallibcrty, the hope
of mankind.
I would not be true to history and fact if I did not
say, here and now, that the Iowa regiment, too, the
Missouri first, Colonel Blair's, and especially Cap-
tain Plummer, of the regular Army, were each and
all deserving on that day of unmeasured praise.
Our regiments lost but one man as piisoner; for
the order from their colonel in the onset was
" never surrender." This man was taken, how-
ever, while upon an errand of mercy that an angel
might envy. This prisoner, Frank Newell, en-
tering the Army as a private, refusing office or
promotion, seeing one of his companions lying
upon the field wounded and bleeding, and entreat-
ing him for a " canteen of water," the generous-
heaitcd Newell said to him, " You shall have it,
or I'll die in the attempt." He soon returned
with the water, and alleviated the thirst of a dying
soldier, and remained by him until captured and
taken. When surrounded by one hundred rebels,
who hesitated to charge upon him, he lose to his
full height and said, "Don't be afraid, men; I
shan't hurt you !"
Thusended the 10th day of August, 1861; even-
ing shadows,cooling the burning heatofsun and
fire; our troops marched regularly and slowly to
camp. And I now say, in contradiction to much
that has been written and said, that that battle
was a triumph. It was a costly one; neverthe-
less, a victory. What other battle-field was ever
won more triumphantly ? I do not allow the fact
that there were not reinforcements on hand suffi-
cient to hold that whole country, to detract from
the brilliant triumph of our arms that day. It was
a battle of five thousand five hundred men against
twenty-five thousand; and a victory of the few
over the many; showing again that—
Thrice armed is he who hath In* qiiaire! jiM."
One fact is deserving of all praise, and might,
with many other things there, be imitated by the
Army of the Potomac. Ourcolonel, though buffer-
ing severely from his wounds, selected a beautiful
burying-place, and had all the Kansas troops that
fell theie buried in one grave.
Oh, if the angel of peace shall ever be sent to that
now distracted and neglected State of Missouri,
that beautiful prairie swell shall yet be made green
and fragrant " as when the morning stars sang
together;''and a shaft shall yet stand upon the
spot, marking the consecrate d ground where they
fell, as Well as pointing upward to their now higher
life; and it shall remain theie as enduring as the
ages; as undying as the freedom they bled for.
But the hero of that battle sleeps beside other
graves, m his dear native valley. He has been
literally "gathered to his fathers." There need
bo no monument of maible or granite for him.
All the way from St. Louis to Connecticut his
remains weie honored by tiibutes of respect from
a grateful people. I had the melancholy pleasure
of seeing the almost spontaneousgathermg of his
old friends at Hartford. They honored suitably
the noble dead. In that they honored themselves.
