1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
State of Maryland had resolutions of secession in
their pockets when they were about meeting at
their adjourned session in Frederick. The author-
ities of Maryland moved their capital when the
United States forces took possession of Annapolis.
I do not know what they did that for when they
were among their friends. [Laughter.] Butlsay
the Piesident thought legislators were about to
meet at Frederick with resolutions of secession in
their pockets, and that if left unmolested, it was
not unlikely a resolution of secession might actu-
ally be passed by the Legislature of Maryland.
He therefore, as a matter of extreme caution,
thought it better to arrest the members of that
Legislature and put them in jail. The supreme
power of the State was incarcerated because the
President thought as I think, although my friend
from Maryland may tlunk their legislators were
extremely loyal.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will allow mc, I suppose
it is impossible for any gentleman to appreciate
the extreme reluctance I have to appear upon the
Journal of our proceedings in connection with
such a scene. But, under a deep conviction that
there is something due from me to my immediate i
constituents, in common with the people of Ma-
ryland, on an occasion like this, i desire to say
a very few words of explanation.
If gentlemen will confine themselves to the de-
nunciation of individuals in Maryland, they would
find me the most uninterested spectator of this
sccnc that can be well imagined. I am perfectly
willing that each man in Maryland should take
his share of responsibility for his conduct: but I
am not willing in this exhibition before the Con-
gress of the United States to have it supposed
that there is no material in Maryland as loyal and
as early to assume the responsibility of loyarty
in this contest as Pennsylvania can boast.
Now, sir, in the first instance, it is very well
to understand that this Legislature of Maryland
which convened, not at Annapolis butat the town
of Fedeuck, where I have passed a large share of i
my life, was elected some two years before this j
most unfortunate question which has agitated the i
country so long culminated m war. It is perhaps i
equally well known that no force was required
from any quaiter outside the State to teach that
Legislature that they could notforcc the State out
of the Union against the wish of the great major-
ity of the people of the State, it is very well
known that without aid from the General Govern-
ment, and without arms, the people of the vicin-
ity organized five hundred strong to resist any
such illegal action if attempted by the Legislature.
That is a part of the history of Maryland. That
is history which speaks the great heart of the peo-
ple of Maryland; and is it fair, is it not a scandal-
ous exhibition, to present the whole people of ,
Maryland as responsible for that little portion— j
that incubus which was so readily and so promptly ;
thrown ofP Sir, is it, I repeat, fair to make the
whole people of a State responsible for the dis-
creditable acts of an inconsiderable few* I have
no disposition to follow the gentleman'sexample i
in this regard, but it would not be more unfair t
to clKirge^upon the whole people of Pennsylvania 1
the responsibility of a whisky insurrection which
once occurred in that State." Sir, a more gallant |
people cannot be found anywhere than are the j
people of Pennsylvania, and it would be wanting ,
in magnanimity to charge upon thern the respons-
ibihty of the discreditable acts ot a tew. i
Mr. H ICKMAX I did not give way to the |
gentleman to make a speech. t I
* Mr. TIIOMAS, of Maryland. If I have satis- :
fied the gentleman in so little time I am content. ;
I had scarcely begun. !
Mr. HICKMAN. A feeling of thankfulness ;
for the patience of the House would not peimit ,
mc to ieply to the remarks of the gentleman from ■
Maryland.' Perhaps, sir, it is unfortunately the
case'that the position of Maryland has been mis-
understood, for the opinion I have expressed has
certainly be<m shared by the public to a consider-
able extent, and by Mr. Lincoln,as lie thoughtit
advisable to ineaieerate the Maryland Legislature
to prevent them from enacting'an oidmance of |
secession,and carrying the State out ot the Union. ;
-\nd I have also the opinion of that other great
man the president of the so-called confederate
S'uti's, Mi. JciYei.son Daus, who declares that it
iMai yhuul had net been intimidated and held by
force, she would have linked her fortunes with the
rebellious and treasonable South. I do not under-
take to quote the precise language. But without
such high authority, I should not hesitate to say
that, from all I can see, there is no slave State
population that has not the well-being of slavery
so much at heart, and into the composition of
whose hearts slavery does not enter to such an
extent that they love human slavery, with its chris-
tianizing and republican influences, its separations
of husbands and wives, of parents and children,
its days of toil without recompense, its servility
and utter degradation, its life without hope, and
its death without knowledge, as much as they
love the Government. Why, sir, I have found but
one among the Representatives of slave constitu-
encies on this lloor, who, when the Union was in
the hour of its direst peril, was ready to make the
open and distinct avowal, that if the Union and
slavery could not both be saved, he would save
the Union in preference to slavery.
i Now, sir, but one word more for the present.
I may, on some other occasion, take up the his-
tory of this war in its different stages—I should
like to do so, but I find gentlemen so sensitive
upon this question that it is unpleasant to use plain
language. Allow me to say in conclusion, that I
know no great diversity of opinion among men
whose interests are identified with slavery. I
have never been able to discover a difference in
views or feelings between a man from Maryland
and a man from South Carolina or Alabama. I
have found wherever the negro is there is an
undivided loyalty to slavery, and every day's
proceedings here show it—conclusively show it.
Every fair-minded man cannot but admit it. The
President knows it. The Cabinet knows it; and
therefoie the difficulty which the President has
had for a long time in dealing with this rebellion.
Mr. Lincoln has found himself between two
swords—the sword of the party looking to a
particulai policy, to be pursued towards a rebel-
lion springing from slavery, and the sword in
the hands of the border States, who insist all the
time that the war shall be prosecuted in such a
way as to save their peculiar, divine, and human-
izing institution. The President of the United
States, if he has any recollection—and I do not
know whether he has or not, fori do not perceive
any evidence of the fact—if he has any recollection,
lie will remember that he was taken up by a party,
sustained and carried into his high position by a
party whose veiy life was dedicated to the main-
tenance of the Constitution and the Union; and
they had the right to expect the adoption ot such
measures, not inconsistent with the laws of war,
as would be most likely to crush treason at the
earliest moment. And when I say to this House
that the nation at large has been somewhat dis-
appointed in its reasonable expectation, I may be
open to a charge of indiscretion, but not to one of
misrepresentation.
I say further, that the nation has felt a great
lack of confidence, not only in the President, but
in those military leaders put in highest position
by the President. He knows tins well, and has
made some changes. lie knows further, that the
people of the northern States regard thisGovern-
mtntas sacred, and will nevei allow the sacrile-
gious hand to touch it without sti iking it otF, and
that its downfall cannot precede northern desola-
tion and death. No matter what interests may
perish, no matter what lives may be sacrificed,
they will command that the war shall be prose-
cuted with the greatest vigor, and that the Gov-
ernment shall be reestablished. even if it be but
over smouldering cities and wasted lands.
I may be pardoned for giving expression to my
firm belief that there are some heie who are will-
ins; to endanger the Union, but who are not will-
nig to endanger sslavery, and I do mean, m what
I have said, to rebuke 'the manifestations of that
feeling which have been shown more than once
upon this iloor.
I speak for myself alone; I do riot speak for
organizations, political or otherwise, and I assume
the responsibility. That may be my misfortune.
"• Xcvei mind!
My \vn>fK at lea^t. aie more smceio and hearty
Than ir''l sunlit t<  sail before Hie wind.
lie w ho in^ iuu2M to e.un con li.i\e -ma!! art; lie
Win. m-nh'M wi-liOf to !>'■ bound noi hind,
Ma\ Mill fxiutiah' neeiy, a-- u ill I.
No: true ins voice to >lavf-r\jackail civ. '
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLLNG obtained the iloor.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope the previous
question will not be called, because I want to say
something on the pending resolution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. As the mover
of this resolution I feel desirous to have a vote
on it; if not now, at some time belonging to the
present, whether it be to-day or to-morrow. The
discussion which has taken place has led to such
extreme harmony—indeed I may say to such an
accord of sentiment, that perhaps in that regard
this is as happy a time as any to take a vote. ; I
for one am ready to vote on this question now or
at any other time when a vote can be reached.
The tax bill is the special order for to-morrow
and for every day until disposed of. If We ad-
journ now and this resolution goes over it will be
overridden by the special order. I would be glad,
therefore, if we could come to some understand-
ing by which the previous question may be called
this evening, and a vote taken on the resolution
to-morrow. I am willing to agree to any other
mode by which we can prevent this question
being overslaughed to-morrow by the special
order to winch I have referred. I promise to do
all that courtesy can demand to oblige the great-
est number of members on the lloor.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Name some day to which
this resolution shall be postponed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoun. I think that next
Monday will satisfy every one.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I suggest Monday to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Notwithstanding the
special order may come up to-morrow, we can go
on with the discussion of this question. I think
I can say for the members upon this side of the
House that they will be ready to come to a vote
on this resolution in the early part of next week.
All we want is some opportunity for discussion.
I think that I can speak for all of the members
on this side of the House that they will be ready
to vote on this proposition by next Monday or
Tuesday. There will be no difficulty in coming
to an understanding about the vote, if we have an
opportunity for discussion.
Mr ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man inform me whether there is any considerable
number of gentlemen who desire to be heard on
this question ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are several gen-
tlemen who desire to be heard; but there is no
difficulty about getting discussion on the resolu-
tion, even though it may not be formally before
us. We can discuss it in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. Under the new rule, discus-
sion must be confined in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on a special
order, to the proposition pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I have been mis-
led. The rule used to be to allow discussion in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union when any bill was up upon all manner of
subjects; but 1 learn now that the practice is dif-
ferent from what it was when I was here before.
But there is enough in the tax bill, which will
come up to-morrow, to which the discussion of
this resolution may be applicable. Let this reso-
lution be made the special order for Monday next,
and then we will be able to dispose of it. That
will obviate all objection, 1 am sure.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. From the conver-
sation I have had with gentlemen around me, I
understand that it will meet with general consent
to take the vote on Monday next. I hope, there-
fore, the resolution will be postponed and made
the special order for Monday next.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the motion to
postpone the resolution to Monday next be ear-
ned , and it is not disposed of that day, will it still
be before the House, or will it go over ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as the un-
finished business, if a suspension day, and will
have to go over to the following Monday. But
the House, by unanimous consent, may fix what-
ever time it pleases for taking the vote on this
question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am willing to
ao-ree to any understanding satisfactory to both
sides of the House, by which we may haveavote
on tins iesohition at an early day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will be no ob-
jection to taking ihe vote on Monday next.
Mr. COX. Say Tuesday.
