1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
From Hartford to Eastford, where he now sleeps,
the way was all marked by tokens that were be-
coming to a returning conqueror. The dear old
people at home have garnered up Ins memory; it
shall be to them as endearing as liberty and life.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the language of
eulogy is so often heard in this Chamber that its
value may be impaired by itsfrequency; but there
were certain qualities in the character of General
Lyon, so peculiar and so admirable, that it seems
eminently proper to invite the attention of the
Senate, and of the country, for a few moments
longer to their consideration, while this resolution
is before the Senate. It is not my design to dwell
on the circumstances of his death. The country
knows by heart the story of that brilliant charge
in which his life was sacrificed. I shall not linger
upon it now, nor enlarge upon that undaunted
courage, which was one of the least of his noble
qualities. I propose to say a single word upon
certain other qualities of a higher order which
General Lyon possessed to a degree so distin-
guished as to render him remarkable among those
heioic characters whose lives and services have
illustrated our history.
A high sense of official duty—devotion to the
publicservice—those were the peeuliarand striking
points of General Lyon's character. Other men
equaled and surpassed him in originality, in fer-
tility of expedients,in ingenuity, perhaps m power
of combination; but I think it would be difficult
to find one in our list of public men, since the days
of Washington, civil or military, who in this
uttei, downright, unshrinking, uncalculating de-
votion to duty, excelled or even equaled him. He
was remarkable for his regard for his friends; but
he looked upon their claims upon him as nothing
in comparison with the duty he owed the public.
This had always seemed to be his governing prin-
ciple; and when he was called to lead our forces
in the West, it was strikingly manifested. Then
it was seen how this high devotion to duty could
inspire the heart with the noblest courage, and
elevate the mind into thatexaltcd condition where
it seems to be moved by the inspiration of genius.
Thus inspired, he entered upon that brilliant
career of victory which was closed only by his
death on the field of battle. How great was the
loss to his country when he fell it is impossible
now accurately to measure; but this I may safely
presume to say, that had he lived, his carcer, as
it began, would have continued victorious.
1 will not reflect upon others. 1 know well the
difficulties which delay and obstruct theprogiess
of our armies; and I will not add to the perplex-
ities of our military leaders by my own unskilled
criticism of plans which I do not understand, or by
comments upon purposes of which I am unin-
formed; but thus much I may say in behalf of the
dead hero who now sleeps within the bosom of
his native State, near the grave of Putnam, that,
had Lyon lived and led our forces in Missouri,
the mistakes and disasters which, since his death,
we have there had occasion to deplore would not
have occurred, and to-day we should not have
been disputing the possession of that State with
rebels in arms.
In him, as the people hoped and believed, the
hero of the war was found; in him—such was the
wondrous will of Heaven—the hero of the war
was lost as soon as found:
" This man, the glorious vision of a day,
Was only shown on earth, and snatched away."
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I must be par-
doned a word as a tribute to the memory of a
departed friend. It is not necessary that I should
remark upon the character or services of the de-
ceased, and I shall not; they are familiarly known
to the country, and will make a bright page in
that country's history. I rose only to say that I
mourn the loss of General Lyon from personal
as well as from national considerations. He was
among my most valued friends; I was m corre-
spondence with him to the last days of his life,
and some of the last letters he ever wrote were
written to me. In common with a vast assem-
blage of the citizens of Connecticut, and other
States, I attended his funeral on a calm, bright
day m the early autumn*, and there, on the quiet
hillside where his fathers slept, near a retired coun-
try village which was his birthplace, I assisted in
bearing Ins mortal remains to an hunoied grave.
Bravo men shed tears over him. Connecticut
mourns him as a true and gallant son; the nation
deplores the loss of a patriot and a hero.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time and passed.
TIIE CASE OF THE PERTHSHIRE.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. ft.
No. 152) for the relief of the owner of the British
ship Perthshire, which has already passed the
other House, have had the same under consider-
ation, and directed me to report it back to the Sen-
ate with a recommendation that it pass; and as
the committee have already reported a bill iden-
tical with this, which is on the table of the Sen-
ate, I ask that this bill may be proceeded with at
once, and put on its passage now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better take
the usual course.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
upon the Calendar, objection being made to its
present consideration.
THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution in-
structing them to inquire into the expediency of
abolishing the present judicial system, and estab-
lishing a new judicial system in its place, ask to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the report. Will the Senate discharge
the committee?
Mr. HALE. Let it lie.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatormoves
that the report lie on the table.
Mr. HALE. No sir. The report cannot be
considered on the same day it is made except by
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No action upon
the subject-matter of the resolution is called for,
but it is simply a request that the committee be
discharged.
Mr. HALE. Before the committee is dis-
charged I want to inquire if the Committee on
the Judiciary intend to present any bill on this
subject at this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee reported
a bill yesterday in regard to the Supreme Court
of the United States, reorganizing the circuits,and
consequently decided not to take any action in
reference to the fundamental reorganization of the
courts. A bill is now pending to reorganize and
equalize the judicial circuits according to popula-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair, on reflection, is, that if the Senator
from New Hampshire objects, the question of
discharging the committee cannot be put now.
Mr. HA^LE. 1 do not object. I am willing
that the question shall be put; but I want to take
occasion to say, with the highest respect for the
Judiciary Committee, that in my humble judgment
they have come far short of what they ought to
do, and that they will find, at least, unless they
go further than that, that the bill will meet with
some opposition in this body. I have no objec-
tion to discharge the committee.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
SALE of liquor to soldiers.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 98) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and
intoxicating drinks in the District of Columbia in
certain cases," to report it back to the Senate with
amendments. Those amendments, I will state,
consist in the addition of two sections to the bill.
One is a section intended to roach the evil sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] that it was the practice of those selling
liquor to sell it to individuals who are notsoldiers
in the Army, and allow it to be dra-nk upon the
premises. A section has been added by which
the same penalty is prescribed for allowing or
suffering liquor to be drank upon the premises by
a soldier—a person wearing uniform. The com-
mittee propose to add another section, which I
i will lead:
! <• Ail} petson convicted under the provisions of this act
I and the act hereby am^nd^d, shall forfeit his licence to pell
spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks, and any license
hereafter granted to any such person during the coininu-
ancc of the existing rebellion shall be void."
It adds the further penalty of forfeiting the
license, and disqualifying the person to have a
license afterwards during the continuance of the
war.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that the word " hereafter" be changed to
" thereafter."
Mr. HARRIS. Perhaps that would be better.
Let the clerk change the word "hereafter," which
will be found interlined, to "thereafter." Mr.
President, I ask, if there be no objection, that the
bill be put on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 98)
to amend an act entitled "An act to prohibit the
sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks
in the District of Columbia, in certain cases,"ap-
proved August 5, 1861, was considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The bill,
as originally introduced, provided that any person
offending against the provisions of the act of Au-
gust 5, 1861, might be tried before any justice of
the peace for the District of Columbia, and upon
conviction, should pay a fine of twenty dollars,
or, in default of such payment, should be commit-
ted to jail in Washington county, in the District
of Columbia, for thirty days. All the fines col-
lected under the provisions of this act, and the act
to which it is an amendment, were to be paid to
the levy court of Washington county, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the use of that court.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out the second
section, and insert the following:
Sec. 2. J2nd he it further cnacted, That any person who
shall suffer or peinnt any soldier or volunteer in the service
of the United States, ot any person wearing the uniform
of such soldier or volunteer, to drink any spirituous liquor
or intoxicating drink upon his premises, shall be deemed
guilty of the same offense mentioned m the act hereby
amended, and upon conviction shall be punished in the
manner prescribed by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it /wither enacted) That any person con-
victed under the provisions of this act, and the act hereby
amended, shall foifeit his licensc to sell spirituous liquor
and intoxicating drink, and any license thereafter granted
to any such pejson duiing the continuance of the existing
rebellion shall be void.
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That all fines collected
under the provisions of this act hereby amended shall be
paid to the levy coui t of Washington county, m the District
of Columbia, for the use of said court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PASSPORTS TO CALIFORNIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter from the Secretary of State:
To the Senate of the United States :
The Secretary of State has the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of the resolution of the Senate of yesterday, request-
ing him to infoim the Senate by viifue of what law, or for
what reason, passports are icquited of passengeis going di-
rect from Now York city to California. In reply, the Sec-
retary of State has the honoi to leniark, that the twenty-
third section of the act of Congress of the 18th of August,
1856, ordains " that the Secretaiy of State shall be author-
ized to giant and issue passports, and cau-e passports to
be gianted, issued, and verified in foreign conntnes, by such
diplomatic or consular officers of the United States, and
undei such rules a« the Piesidem shall designate and pie
senbe, for and on behalf ot the United States."
Fiom the beginning of the insuilection there has been rea-
son to believe that citizens ofthemsuigentStatesand agents
of the insurgents have taken passage in the steamers lion)
New Yotk to Aspnuvall for disloyal purposes, and opo-
eiallyfor thepiuposeof embarking for Europe and etse-
wheie. Latterly, it was deemed impcMiive for the public
safety to endeavor to cheek this piactice. With this view,
a few week" sincp. the Seeietary of State directed that all
peisons embaiking in such steamers should obtain p'i-^-
poits. These instruments mo by law lequned to be giatu
hourly furnished in this country, andin oider that tiavelets
might expeiicnee a-? little inconvenience and delay as ptac-
ticable m obtaining them, the Seeietary of State authorised
the dispatch agent of the Department at New York to fur-
nish them to loyal applicauN in the same manner as if they
should apply to the Depaitment itself. Complaints of the
Inconvenience of the icquucm nt, ho\vevci,to travelers to
California, having leached the Depaitment. the lobulation
1 was lor a time suspended; but information having been re-
ceived that the suspension had led to abuses which it was
j the ougmal object of the regulation to conect, it has been
I iccentlV restoied.
The Secreiai v of State i< well aware of the importance
i office communication between the Atlantic States andlhe
possessions of the United States on the Pacific, and would,
' at all times, bi leluctaut in any way to trammel that com-
