1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3097
I do not think it is becoming in the Government
of the United States to employ the services of its
citizens abroad without giving them a proper com-
pensation. Let them have what the lawyer knows
as quantum meruit, and that is all that we under-
take now to allow. I may say that in the com-
mittee the question was considered whether he
should be allowed full compensation as a diplo-
matic agent. The committee concluded against
that, on the ground that it would be a dangerous
precedent; but while concludingagainstthat, they
were constrained from the facts before them to
recognize the meritorious character of the ser-
vices, to regard them as extraordinary, out of the
ordinary line of his duties, and therefore proper
to be recognized by the Senate; and itwason that
ground that they instructed the Senator from New
York to report the bill which is now under con-
sideration.
1 think the Senator from New Hampshire is
entirely wrong when he says there are only two
ways of dealing with such a case. He says you
must either raise the salary of the consul or ap-
point a diplomatic agent. Why, sir, there is a
third way, which is the very way now under con-
sideration; and that is, if extra services are per-
formed, to pay for them. You pay them, ifl may
use a familiar phrase, by the job. The Senator
from New Hampshire, according to his principle,
would fasten upon the country a permanent sal-
ary of a higher grade for the consul, or another
permanent salary for a diplomatic agent. Now
we propose no such thing. We do not propose
to have a diplonaatic agent there, nor do we pro-
pose to raise the salary of the consul there; we
simply propose to pay for the extra services which
have been rendered by the consul there, and of
which the country has already had the benefit.
Mr, TEN EYCK. May I inquire the name of
the person in whose favor this bill is framed?
Mr. SUMNER. Ten Broeck.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I thought there was some
mistake about it when the Senator from Iowa
called him Mr. Ten Eyck, for I was not aware
that a gentleman of that name had ever held such
a position as this, and I was about making up my
mind, if that were his true name, that I should be
compelled to go for the bill; but as I discover that
that is not the case, I wish simply to say that if
Senators who are so anxious for the passage of
this bill and for this allowance, had happened to
have the honor of being upon the Committee on
Commerce, and had seen how ready men are al-
most to break their necks to get these appoint-
ments, and then, after they have got them, how
ready they are almost to break their necks over
again to get increased salary and increased pay,
and break the Treasury besides, as the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] suggests, they
would pause; and no other consideration than the
fact of the name being somewhat similar to their
own, would perhaps induce them to go for the
bin.
Sir> it is a crying evil in this country, arid I la-
ment to see my fellow countrymen who arc so de-
sirous of securing these positions of profit and
trust, after they have obtained them, immediately
set themselves to work to procure extra allow-
ances. It is with them as it is with contractors
under the Government. As soon as a contract is
obtained, the next step is to get an extra allow-
ance in some way, and there is almost as much
pains taken to try and effect ways and means to
accomplish that object as to obtain the original
appointment or contract. I have not heard that
this gentleman worked at unusual periods, at un-
seasonable hours, at nights, or on Sundays, that
he was driven to such an extreme that, after hav-
ing exhausted himself in the public service as
consul, he was compelled to perform these other
extra, onerous, and very important duties. I say,
however, sir, that if his name were Ten Eyck,l
might feel compelled to go for the bill.
Mr. HALE. I want to say that I am not mis-
taken about a side remark that I made a few min-
utes ago, and which Senators seemed to think I
was very much mistaken about, and that was, that
these consuls are called upon constantly to per-
form diplomatic duties, or those that relate to dip-
lomatic service. Our consul at Havana has been
constantly called on to act in such matters. I trust
I may be allowed to mention a fact that occurred
which the Senator from Massachusetts knows
something about; I shall not say in what nation
it occurred, whether at Rome or the United States;
but it is a fact, that two Senators once called upon
a Secretary of State, or some officer holding that
position, in relation to the appointment of a con-
sul simply, and they were entertained with a very
learned dissertation on the peace of Europe, and
the importance to the peaceable relations of coun-
tries of having a certain consul remain where he
was; so that the Secretary of State looked upon
the character of a consul as one involving the very
highest considerations of national peace and na-
tional honor.
Look at your consul in Canada. Do you sup-
pose he is not called upon every day to perform
diplomatic duties? Every one of yonr consuls in
large cities where the Government of the country
does not reside is constantly called upon to per-
form such duties; and if you pass this bill, you
will have opened a floodgate through which claims
for additional compensation to consuls will come
from every quarter of the world.
I have no doubt that this was a highly respect-
able, intelligent, well educated gentleman—prob-
ably a man of wealth who went out there to re-
side; and to give him additional consequence and
position there was conferred upon him the office
of consul, so that when he wrote his name in Ger-
man he had something that sounded very large;
and he was called upon, no doubt unexpectedly,
to do something, and as that was not a part of the
consideration on which he went, he calls upon the
Treasury for additional compensation. I trust it
will not be granted.
Mr. SUMNER rose.
Mr. HALE. Wait, my friend. It is rarely
that I trouble the Senate, and when I do my re-
marks are very short, and 1 think gentlemen ought
to sit still until I get through. However, I have
nothing more to say at present. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator certainly is very
unfortunate in his illustration, though lie is al-
ways very agreeable in his speech.
Mr. HALE. That is very well said. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SUMNER. In order to show that consuls
may have diplomatic duties, the Senator has re-
ferred to ourconsul at Havana,and to our consul
at Montreal. It is impossible for the consul at
Havana or the consul at Montreal to discharge
diplomatic duties. Diplomatic duties can only be
discharged with the government of the country
to which the party is accredited, either directly
with theGovernmentor with the foreign minister.
There is no foreign minister or sovereign resident
at Montreal, nor is there at Havana. In short,
the functions of the consul at Havana and the
consul at Montreal are simply consular; but both
of these posts being of signal importance, it is
unquestionably necessary that our representative
there should be agentlcman of perfect discretion,
who, in his intercourse with the world, with mer-
chants, and in the conduct of the extensive busi-
ness which he has in charge, shall conduct with
proper prudence and discretion. Therefore, in
the conversation to which the Senator refers some-
time in our history with a Secretary ot State, in
which it was affirmed that if was very important
that our consul at a particular place should be a
gentleman of singular discretion, the Secretary
was right; but certainly that is no argument for
attributing to the Secretary so great an ignorance
of his duties as to suppose that he intended to lay
upon that consul diplomatic functions. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is mistaken; and that
brings me back to the precise case here, that there
were diplomatic duties laid upon the consul at Mu-
nich. It is now proposed to give him a compen-
sation for extra labor rendered by him in the dis-
charge of duties which were not incident to the
office he held.
The bill was reported to the Senate,and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I am inclined now to regard
the suggestion made by the Senator from Con-
necticut with reference to the number of Senators
present, and I am willing that this bill should be
informally passed by for the present.
Mr. HALE. There is a quorum present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will call the roll.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied there is not a
quorum present, and I therefore move that the
business in hand be laid aside, and I ask leave to
offer a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the bill before
the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the resolution may be
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent the resolution will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives do adjourn their respective Houses,
without day, on Thursday, the 10th iustant, at twelve
o'clock, meridian.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to suspend all further busi-
ness, and take up that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes over
on a single objection under the rule of the Senate.
The question is on the passage of the bill for the
relief of Andrew Ten Broeck.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Harri*, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Powoli, Simmons,
Sumner, Wade, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Cowan, Fes-
senden,Fostei ,Gnmes, Hale, Italian, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Nestnith,
Saulsburv, Sherman, Stark, Ten Eyck, and Willey—22.
So the bill was rejected.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Househad passed the followingbillsoftheSenate:
A bill (No. 307) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to settlers on certain lands in Wisconsin; and
A bill (No. 362) in relation to the Post Officc
Department.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
80) auihoi izing the State of Minnesota to change
the line of certain branch railroads in said State,
and for other purposes, with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the resolution of the House (No.
83) relative to a certain grant of land for railroad
purposes made to the State of Michigan in 1856.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions; in which it lequested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 49G) to enlarge the Lake Superior
land district, in the State ofMichigan;
A bill (No. 529) concerning certain lands here-
tofore granted to the State of Iowa;
A bill (No. 543) relating to schools for the edu-
cation of colored children, in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia;
A bill (No. 55G) to change the place of holding
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the District of west Tennessee;
A joint resolution (No 96) relative to the claim
of W. Maxwell Wood; and
A joint resolution (No. 97) explanatory of" an
act for the survey of grants or claims of land,"
approved June 2, 1862.
J. \V. NYE.
Mr. POMEROY. Yesterday a bill for the re-
lief of J. W. Nye was before the Senate, read at
length, and laid aside temporarily during the read-
ing of the report. I should like the Senate to dis-
pose of that bill now. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 297) for the relief
of J. W. Nye.
Mr. POMEROY. The reading of the report
was suspended yesterday, the Secretary not hav-
ing the right report before him. That is now in
the hands of the Secretary, and if any gentleman
desires it, it can be read. I believe the Senator
who suggested yesterday that the report should
be read, does not care for the reading of it now.
Mr. KING. I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
at the Senator's request.
