1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
Mr. RICHARDSON. If we say Wednesday
week, ample time will be afforded for discussion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Am I to under-
stand if we postpone this resolution to a day cer-
tain, that the vote will be taken on that day.
[Cries of " Yes!"]
Mr. COX. We expect some discussion on that
day; but we will vote on that day.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is what I
want to understand. If there be discussion on it
on that day, then the resolution may drift over
again. [Cries of" No!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. You may fix the hour
on Wednesday week when the vote shall betaken.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose to fix
a certain day and a certain hour on that day which
may be agreeable to gentlemen over the way to
take up this resolution and vote on it, and when
that hour comes I want the vote to be taken with-
out further delay.
Mr.THOMAS,of Massachusetts. I wanttosay
a word on the resolution before the vote is taken.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I object to any arrange-
ment which would cut off any gentleman from
speaking who desires to express his views upon
this question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire,
for one, to express my opinions, and to say some-
thing in relation to the speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Then why not go on with
the discussion to-night?
Several Members. It is too late.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask this
question of the Chair: if this resolution is kept
before the House, the House agreeing to fix a
period of time when we will vote upon it, could
we not continue to discuss it during the morning
hour from now until that time? Would not the
resolution be beforp the House during the morning
hour every day until the day agreed upon for the
taking of the vote ?
The SPEAKER. Until the joint resolution is
disposed of, no other subject can come up unless
the House goes into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I suggest to the
gentleman fiom New York that he fix a day for
the taking of the vote, and then we can discuss
the resolution during the morning hour until that
day arrives. That will give us time enough for
discussion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Gentlemen all
around me say that they objcct to that.
Mr. ASHLEY. Of course it will be objected to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the resolution
is postponed till a certain hour on a certain day,
the morning hourin the mean lime can be occupied
in its discussion-, but that need not be the subject
of agreement now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No; but I suggest to
the gentleman that the trouble is this: that if you
postpone the resolution, there will be no oppor-
tunity to discuss it. 1 was trying to get rid of
a difficulty which suggested itself to gentlemen
around me. They desire to discuss the question.
But if we postpone the resolution till Wednesday
week, there will be no chance of discussing it in
the mean time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. To meet that
view of the case, I have a proposition to make, and
it is this: that the joint resolution shali be post-
poned now, and that a certain day and a certain
hourof that day shall be fixed when the vote shall
be taken, the subject to be [lending and to be
before the House In the mean time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That covers the
gentleman's point.
Mr.F. A.CONKLING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My colleague
does not happen to have the floor to make that
motion. I believe I have the door mys< If.
My proposition is that the joint resolution be
postponed—that is, that it stand over now, and
that we fix a definite time when the vote shall be
taken; gentlemen, in the mean time, to discuss it
to their hcai ts' content on every opportunity that
presents itself.
Mr. YOORHEES. And probably no such op-
portunity will present itself. I object to that
arrangement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. We are in the
habit hereof adjourningoveron Saturdays. I sug-
gest that we sit next Saturday, and that the vote
be taken at four o'clock on that day, gentlemen to
discuss it in the mean time as far as they see fit.
Mr. YOORHEES. If the gentleman from New
York will address himself to the question, which
is that we desire to fix upon some way in which
this resolution can be discussed, perhaps some
agreement can be had, but he seems intent only
on getting a vote.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York objected to?
Mr. YOORHEES. Yes, sir; 1 object to it.
Mr. COLFAX. I desiie to make a suggestion
to my friend from New York. It strikes me that
there is a good deal of force in what he says about
Saturday. If we fix upon Monday next for tak-
ing the vote, the debate can go on all day Satur-
day without any vote being taken; and those gen-
tlemen who want to go to the Departments can go
there, and gentlemen who want to hear this mat-
ter discussed, or to discuss it themselves, can come
here.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Suppose
some gentlemen want to go to the Department,
and also want to discuss this question, what then ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let mc answer
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING." Oh, I hope the
gentleman will not make a point of order now.
Mr. LOYE.TOY. Well, I eeitainly will.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. This matter is
sufficiently complicated without any question of
order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My point of order is that all
these propositions are out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The Chair as-
signed the iloor to me; and I suppose I am entitled
to it for one hour.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the sub-
ject under consideration must be discussed by the
gentleman, or by whoever he yields the floor to.
" i\lr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose to dis-
cuss the question strictly, so as to avoid the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
from New York yield the floor to me?
Mr. ROSCOE "CONKLING. I will yield to
the gentleman, if he will keep in order.
Mi BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to make a
suggestion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I objcct to the floor being
yielded.
" Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Iflhavethcfloor,
I arn anxious to be heard now. I propose one of
two things, and 1 hope nobody will make a point
of order on me. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thomas] and some other gentlemen
seem to hope that we shall hit upon some scheme
that will be perfectly agreeable to every individual
member of the House. Of course we cannot do
that. We rnustall concede something. Now, if
weeanadopt the suggestion of thegentleman fiom
Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] and agree to take the vote
on Monday, all day Saturday can be allowed for
discussion, no vote to be taken on that day, so
that no gentleman will be bound to come here
unless he desires to speak. That will be agreeable
to me, and I hope it will be to gentlemen around
me. If we cannot come to that arrangement or
any other, I shall be compelled, as the House is
now full, to ask that the debate be closed now;
because the other alternative is to postpone the
subject indefinitely.
Mr. EDWARDS. Allow mc to make one
suggestion. If the gentleman will stand by the
arrangement to have the vote taken at four o'clock
on Monday, then the House ran dispose of Sat-
urday as they please when they come to it. I
think that might be agreed to all round.
Air. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is thatobjected
to ?
Mr. VOOIIHEES. I object to it.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. Thcn,unlesssome
gentleman can suggest an arrangement by which
we can have an eaily vote, and that will be con-
sented to, I shall move the previous question at
once on the resolution.
Mr. VOORIIEKS. I am as ready for the pre-
vious question as thegentleman from New York is.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his objection ?
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
House take a recess till seven o'clock, this even-
ing.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken:and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 40, noes 68.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw his motion, I will move
that we take the vote on Monday next at one
o'clock, without making any other disposition of
the subject.
Mr. CONWAY. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I insist on my mo-
tion that the House take a recess until seven
o'clock, this evening.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a point
of order. I would inquire whether that motion
is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the House
can take a recess. That has been the practice.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is itnota&tand-
ing rule of the House that when it adjourns it will
adjourn to meet at a certain hour?
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right, and
the Chair sustains the point of order. It has been
the practice for the House and for the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to take a
recess, but it has always been done by unanimous
consent or under a suspension of the rules.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. I now move the
previous qu< stion on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidored.
Mr. COX. Is it m order now to move an ad-
journment?
' The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX, (at five thirty-five, p. m.) I make
that motion.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question recurred on the engrossment and
third reading of the joint resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There was an amend-
ment offered by thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bi.air.] Is not the question first on that amend-
ment ?
Tlie SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia was not offered. Thegen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickljffe] only
yielded the floor to allow it to be read.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yielded the floor both
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Blair] and
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to
have their amendments offered.
The SPEAKER. It was not so stated, nor
were the amendments received by the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Virginia who sits near me [Mr. Blair] did me
the honor to consult mc as to the proper time for
the offering his amendment. I understood that it
was offered and was before the House as an amend-
ment to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It was not so understood or
stated by the Chair. The language of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was that he would hear his amendment read.
That was all that was said.
Mr BLAIR, of Virginia. That was his remark
to thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.]
The SPEAKER. The same remaik applied
to both.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not object to the
gentleman's amendment being received.
The SPEAKER. Until an amendment is stated
by the Chair, it is not received or not pending.
When a gentleman who is entitled to the floor
yields it to have a proposition read, that is the
end of it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I had an amendment, for
the pui pose of offering which the gentleman from
Kentuckyyieldedto me. It was sentto theClerk's
table, read, and offered as an amendment to the
resolution. I appeal to thegentleman from Ken-
tucky to say whether he did not give me the floor
for the purpose of offering my amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asked the gentleman from Kentucky to yield to
have an amendment to an amendment read. The
gentleman fiom Kentucky yielded for that pur-
pose. The Chair did not state the amendment to
