1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
deceased, for services in the war of the Revolu-
tion; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
john cassiday.
On motion of Mr. DUELL, it was ordered that
leave be granted for the withdrawal of the papers
of John Cassiday, now on the files of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
joiin m'laugiilin.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the benefit of the
heirs and legal representatives of John McLaugh-
lin; which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the "Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
branch mint in colorado.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a branch of the United
States Mint at Denver, in the Territory of Colo-
rado; which was read a first and sccond time by
its title.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a special committee.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The bill was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
geological survey of utaii.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Teintone^be ieque«ted
to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg for a geological
survey of the Terutoiy of Utah; and that said committee
rcpoit by bill 01 othenvise.
destruction of patent office report.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; winch was lead, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That so much of the icport of the Superintend-
ent of Public IJiintiiii* as ielates to the- desii action by fiio
of the j-hoct.- of the second volume of the Patent Office Re-
port. Mechanical Depaitment, for 1S00, be lefeuedto the
Committee on Printing, and that said committee be in-
structed to rcpoit as eaily us practicable the cost of printing
anothci edition or the volume destroyed.
OFFICERS OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sideied, and agieed to:
Rcsohed. That the Committee on Military Allans be 111-
stiucted to inquiie into th" expediency of dneeting the Pay
master Genei.il of the Auny to auihouze the jMymahters
and additional p xymri'Ster- ot the Aimv to ciedit and pay
all commissioned officeisof volunicei- then established
pay and allowances tiom the date of the acceptance of their
commission", and of Mknm the oath ot allccmnce, in the
same mannei as piovided toi in the icgulat.oiif- of the Army
foj officeia appointed by the President of the United States.
preservation of massachusetts harbors.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill for the
piesei vation of the hai boi* at Piovincetown and Plymouth,
in Massachusetts, in order that the same may be available
for commerce and lor national defenses.
Mr. OLIN. I call for the regular orderof busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for bills of a general
character, commencing where the call left off yes-
teiday, which was at the Committee on the Post
Office and Post lioads.
allotment certificates.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to report back from the
Committee on Military Affairs a measure which
has once been before the House. It is the bill
(S. No. 84) providing for allotment certificates
anions the volunteer forces. I wish to have the
bill lead and put upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, piovidcs that the Pres-
ident shall appoint for each State having volun-
teers in the service of the United States, not ex-
ceeding three persons, who shall be authorized
by the President's commission to visit the several
departments of the Anny m which volunteers
from their respective States may be, and there
procure from said volunteers from time to time
their respective allotments of their pay to their
families or friends, duly certified in writing, and
by them, or by some commissioned officer of such
department, attested in pursuance of such order
as may be made for that purpose by the Secretary
of War, and upon which certified allotments the
several paymasters shall, at each regular pay-
ment to the troops, give drafts payable in the city
of New York to the orderof such persons to whom
such allotments were or may be made; that each
person appointed as commissioner to carry into
effect the foregoing provisions shall receive no
pay or emolument whatever from the Treasury
of the United States; and that the fifth section of
the act of June 12,1858, giving sutlers a lien upon
soldiers' pay be repealed, and that all regulations
giving sutlers rights and privileges beyond the
rules and articles of war be abrogated.
Mr. HOLM AN. The bill, as it passed the
House in the first place, provided for theappoint-
ment of one or more paymasters for the several
States. I desire to know whether this bill con-
tains that provision ?
Mr. OLIN. Wu found that that provision
could be dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill imposes no addi-
tional expense upon the Government?
Mr. OLIN. None whatever.
Mr. I-IOLMAN. And no additional paymas-
ters are required by its provisions?
Mr. OLIN. None at all.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
courts-martial in the army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No.
83) iclative to comts-iuartial in the Army.
The bill, which was read, provides that in time
of war the commander of a division or separate
brigade may appoint general courts-martial, and
confirm, execute, pardon, and mitigate theirseo-
tcnces, as allowed and restrained in the sixty-fifth
and eighty-ninth articles of war to commanders
of armies and departments; provided, that sen-
tences of such courts extending to loss of life or
dismission ofa commissioned officer, shall require
the confirmation of the geneuil commanding the
army m the field to which the division or brigade
belongs; and provided farther, that when the
division or brigade commander shall be the accuser
or prosecutor, the court shall be appointed by the
next higher commander.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
defenses of washington.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making an appropria-
tion for completing the defenses of Washington;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read,appropriates J150,000
to complete the defenses of Washington.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous conscntto
put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is that expenditure
among the estimates?
Mr. STEVENS. I hold in my hands the esti-
mates of the Secretary of War, and a letter of Mr.
Barnard, chief engineer, saying that it is neces-
sary, and that the appropriation should be made
as eaily as jjossible. I will have the letter read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of Ciiiek Engineer,
Army of the Poiomac, Dccoabcr 1661.
General: 1)v letter of the 6th I icquested that an im-
mediate appiopnation o( $150,000 be asked tor "complet-
ing the dclenscb of Washington.*>
1 mentioned hi that l^troi that our defetw\ e system, tl)i.«
1'n, eonn>ted ol about toity-eiglit woiks, mounting over
3U0 gun*. sow1 ot which aie ot veiy lame Mze ; and 1 may
add that the actual defensive peumetei oc< upied i> about
thutv-tive mile-, exceeding tin- length of the iamou< (and
lutheito the most extensive fortified by extemporized tick!
woiks) lines of Tunes Vedtas by several mile*. The
amount winch lias be^n expended will not, thcieioie, con-
sulting the piesMtre under which the woiks have been
built, appeal eMiavaganth large.
I now remark that in disking for the sum of $130,000 for
"completing the defenses of Washington," I have in mrnd
the fact that many of the works have been thrown up in
the very face of the enemy and are deficient in profile, and
in many other respects the system requires auxiliary works
to complete it, which it will probably be deemed advisable
to undeitake eaily in the spring.
For this reason I have asked the sum of $1.50,000; but it
is likely that the works now in hand, and lor which ■pay-
ments must be made this month, will require more than the
balance remaining available. Hence the necessity of" an
immediate appropriation.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. G. BARNARD,
Brigadier General,
Chief Engineer Jlrmy of the Potomac.
Major General G. B. McClellan,
Commander-in-Chief, Commanding Jlrmy of the Potomac,
[Indorsement.]
Respectfully referred to lion. Simon Cameron, Secretary
of War, with the urgent request that the necessary steps
may be taken to secure this appropriation.
GEOliGE 13. McCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
appropriation was made for this purpose at the
last session of Congress?
Mr. STEVENS. One hundred thousand dol-
lars.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The SPEAKER, as the next business in order,
called the States for resolutions.
PAY OP OFFICERS.
Mr. BLAKE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs ho in-
structed to examine and see what legislation, if any. is
necessary to enable volunteer officers of the Army to draw
their pay from the time of the acceptance of their commis-
sions, and repoit by bill or otbciwise.
CHAPLAINS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaits be in-
structed to report a bill so amending the act of the last ses-
sion of Congress authorizing the appointment of chaplains
in theArmyasnottoexcludc fiom appointment as chaplain
:i minister, rcgulaily oidaincd. of any leligious societx in
the fTnited States; and also inquire into the propiiety of
fixing the salaries ot chaplains at $900 per annum, and
lcpoit by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that my motive
in calling the attention of the House and of the
Military Committee to this subjectis this: itscems
that under the legislation of last session a Jewish
rabbi is excluded from the right of being appointed
a chaplain; and there being a large number of He-
brews in our Army, it is certainly proper, whether
they be appointed or not, that they should not be
excluded by law.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. At the extra ses-
sion I made a motion of the same character, amend-
atory to a bill then pending, but this House, by
a large majority, voted it down. I would suggest
to the gentleman that he should change the word
44instructed " to "directed." I shall cordially
support the proposition now as I did at the extra
session.
Mr. McICNIGHT. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is one of in-
struction to the Military Committee.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The law in reference to chap-
lains requnes revision, and 1 hope the House wilt
take no hasty action upon the subject. I know the
fact that now a great many persons who have re-
ceived appointmentsas chaplains in the Army aie
d disgrace to the profession. They do not have
any services in their regiments, sometimes for
months together. The whole system requires
revision, and I understand that a committee from
some of the eastern cities have been here within
the last two weeks conferring with the Young
Men's Clu istian Association of this city, and with
General McClellan, with a view to recommend
shortly something that will meet all these difficul-
ties. I hope, therefore, the gentleman will allow
the whole matter to go to the committee, with
instructions to inquire into the expediency of re-
form in the appointments and duties of chaplains.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
if the resolution is debated it will go over.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to avoid debate upon
the resolution, I will modify the resolution so that
