1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3099
Mr. WADE, i hope the absentees will be called.
Let us soo who they ore that are absent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will he taken. The absent Senators will be again
called on the motion to adjourn.
The Secretary proceeded to call the absentees,
as follows: IVlr. Bayard, Mr. Carlile, Mr.
Cowan, Mr. Doolittle 
Mr. HO WE. i beg to say on behalf of my col-
league, [Mr. Doolittle,] whose name appears
among the absentees, and who has been absent
for several days, that lie has been detained from
the Seriate by illness; and it is due to him that
that fact should be known to the Senate and the
country.
The Secretary next called the name of Mr.
Grimes.
Mr. GRIMES. I was present, and believe I
voted before. I am for an adjournment as there
is no quorum. I vote <k yea."
The Secretary continued the call of the absen-
tees, as follows: Mr. Johnson, Mr. Kennedy,
Mr. Latham, Mr. McDougall, Mr. Pearce,
Mr. Rice, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Trumbull 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I vote''nay."
The Secretary continued the call of the absent-
ees, as follows: Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wilmot,
Mr. Wilson of Massachusetts.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. A quorum has
voted. On the motion to adjoinn the yeas are 11,
the nays 24. The Senate refuse to adjourn, and a
quorum is present. Previous to the motion to ad-
journ the Senate were dividing on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. The Secre-
tary will again call the names of the Senators who
did not answer.
The Secretary ngain called the roll, and Mr.
FosTERand Mr Trumbull voted in the negative.
The result was then announced—yeas 14, nays
21 j as follows:
YE \S—Mo-sr*. Chandler, Collamer, Foot, Grimes. Har-
lan, Mum-, Ilmv.inl, How, King, Lane ot Kansas, Mor-
rill, I'omc-rov, Sumner. and Wade —11.
NAYS—Anthony, Hi owning, Claik, Davis, Dix-
on, Fesseiiden, Fo>ti-r, Hale, iiendoi m>k, Lane of fininina,
Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbmy, Sheiman, Simmons, Stark,
Ten E\ek, Trumbull, VViilev, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer the following as an additional sec-
tion to the bill:
be it further enacted, 'I hat so inucli of taction
twouty-muo of an sict entitled " An act to establish judi-
cial courts of the United States," approved September 21,
l'/89, as jequires, in eases punishable witl> death, twelve
petit juiuist to be Mimmoned fiom the county where the of-
fense was committed, be. and the tame is, hereby repealed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to hear from
the Senator from Connecticut some reason for the
repeal of this provision of the existing law. My
objcct in calling for the yeas and nays on the
amendment is to hear a reason assigned for it.
Mr. FOSTER. By the act of 1789, it was pro-
vided:
'• That m eases punishable with death tlie trial .shall be liad
in the comity where the offence was committed, or wh«jre
that cannot by done without great inconvenience, twelve
petit jurors, at least, shall be summoned iiom thence."
That has been construed by the courts not to
require the trial of a capital offense within the
county where it was committed, and there have
been divers decisions on that point. The statute,
however, as it now stands, requires twelve petit
jurors, at least, to be summoned from the county
where the offense was committed. The committee
thought that that law at the present time, and in-
deed for many years, had entailed an unnecessary
expense upon the United States. The law now
requires trials to ho had in the district where the
offense is committed. ~VVe do not propose making
any alteration m that, hut not to require jurors to
be summoned from tin* county. Take as an illus-
tration some cases which I believe wei e alluded to
by our chairman, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] He alluded to cases that were tried,
perhaps, in the southern section of the State when
the crime was committed,perhaps,in the northern
section, but of course tried in the district. To
summon jurors from the county where the offense
was committed, subjected the Government to what
seemed to be a needless expense. Of course the
provisions of the law in regard to jurors are not
restricted. If it should seem necessary in the dis-
cretion of the court, the court haVe a discretion in
regard to the locality from whence jurors shall be
summoned in cases of that sort. It there were no
inconveniences,and if it seemed that it would pro-
mote the ends of justice, it is presumed the couit
would take proper measures in regard to the sum-
moning of jurors; but to make it imperative in ail
cases that so manyjurors shall be summoned from
the county, when they come from a very distant
and remote portion of the district made a very
great expense, which the committee were desirous
of saving, inasmuch as we did not see that the
liberty or the rights of the citizen, or the ends of
justice, would be at all injured by making the
change.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only wish to say that
in these times of change and innovation I prefer
standing by the old landmarks of the law, and giv-
ing the party accused a trial by his peers, and
therefore I must record my voteagainst this prop-
osition.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
is again without a quorum.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the Serjeant-at-
Arms be directed to notify the absent Senators
that their attendance is required to constitute a
quorum to conduct the business of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Howard enteied the Chamber.
Mr. FOSTER. There isaquorum nowpresent.
Mr. HOWARD. I vote   yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 32,nays
3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, flrowmn?, Chandler, Claik,
Coliamer, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ginnus,
II.ilc, llailan, Haiti-, Ucndcison, llovvaid, Howe, Kinij,
Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kan-as, Moirill, Nes-mith, Pom-
eroy, Sherman, Simmons?., Sunmei, Ten Eyck, Tiumhull,
Wade, Willey, Wilson of Mi^ouri, ami Wrnrtit—32.
NAYS—McbSiH. Powell, SanMmry, and Staik—3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I will ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FOSTER. Let us finish this bill first.
Mr. KING. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. SUMISTEU. I do not wish to debate the
bill now. It is a very important bill. It relates
to the judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concun ing in the amendments made as in
Committee of the. Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand. It relates
to the judiciary of the country. The Senate is
now making rules for the courts of the United
States, and one of the rules which, by its vote it
has just sanctioned, is, that a witness shall be ex-
cluded from giving his testimony, or, in other
words, be rendered incompetent on account of
color. The practical effect of such an exclusion
of testimony is, that any outrage perpetiated by
a white man on a negro may go unpunished; and
the Senate of the United States has refused to in-
terfere to overturn the rule by which sueh a cruelty
may be perpetrated. I must say, sir, that I lose
my interest in this bill when it is associated with
such wickedness, for such it is unquestionably.
If there is any outrage at this moment in this
country, it is that which I now hold up to the in-
dignation of the country and of mankind. To think
that human beings shall be placed thus defence-
less by an act of Congress; that persons who may
call themselves overseers or masters simply be-
cause they arc white, may, when suriounded by
! colored persons, offer them any offense, any biu-
1 tality, and the testimony of those persons, merely
1 because they are colored, shall be excluded abso-
| lutely ! That, sir, is what the Senate by its vote
j to-day has recognized. To such base cruelty the
I Senate is now befoio mankind a party. The 8en-
j ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has voted
1 to sustain thisciuelty. Other Senators have voted
! to sustain it. It is their privilege. Each Senator
votes, I know, according to his conscience; but,
! sir, I now call attention to the vote that has been
taken. Formerly when I have moved this prop-
osition, it has been opposed because it was not
pertinent to the bill under consideration. When
I moved it the other day to what was known as
the confiscation bill, the other Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] mildly suggested that,
on a proper occasion, on a proper bill, he would
be ready to support my motion. I know that the
motion must have the approbation of that excel-
lent Senator. He is too just and too humane not
to support such a measure. And now, sir, the
time has come. Here is a bill which proposes to
regulate the evidence in the courts of the United
States—not in the courts of the States, but in the
courts of the United States. The whole subject
is directly before you. It is within your province
now to decide. And yet, sir, you have chosen to
recognize this inhuman cruelty.
I shall vote for the bill on its final passage, be-
cause, in other respects, I think it ought to be a
law; but I enter my protestagainstthcconclusion
to which the Senate has already come. It is mel-
ancholy, disastrous, discreditable.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from New Hampshire
to let the vote be taken on concurring in the amend-
ments made in committee, where there is no dis-
putation, and debate will more properly come
up on the question of ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time, or on some amend-
ment that may be moved, as the bill will still be
open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is still
open to amendment, and if no furthcramendment
he offered the question is, " Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?'*
Mr. HALE. It ii; unquestionably the province
of every Senator not only to vote as he pleases,
hut to construe the intent and motive and effect
of his vote. That is legitimate; but when he goes
beyond that and undertakes to explain the motives
or the purposes or the effect of another man's
vote, it seems to me, with all deference, he goes
a little mite furthei than he is entitled to go. He
can weigh his own vote and his own actions.
Now, sir, I am one of those who look upon this
rule of law with as much abhonence as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts does; and early in the ses-
sion I introduced into the Senate a measuie which
struck at the very mot of the evil—whether I got
the vote of the Senator from Massachusetts to co-
operate with me or not I do not know; I know 1
got but very few—and that was to abolish by stat-
ute the Supreme Court of the United States, which
has made the i ules,and which administers the law,
and which has made a decision which will make
the Senator's amendment perfectly nugatory when
it is adopted; and I will tell you why. They have
decided that those men arc not citizens, and there-
fore they cannot, as the law now stands, bring a
suit in (he Fedeiai courts for anything If you
alter the lule of law, it is peifectly idle, perfectly
nugatory, and has no operation at all; because
not one of those men can hi ing a suit in the Fed-
eiai coui ts; they cannot go into the Federal courts.
The Senator says that any outrage may be per-
petrated on them and they have norenndy. They
must go into the State courts; they have no rem-
edy at all in the Federal courts and never had;
and the alteration of the law m this respect would
produce not the slightest practical effect except
this- 
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. Does he say that the Supreme Court
has decided that no colored person can testify m
the court because he is not a citizen r
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. That was the proposition of
the Senator, I believe.
Mi.HALE. No,sir. I said hocould notbringa
suit there; he has no remedy in the Federal coui ts.
That is what I said.
Mr. SUMNER. Now you carry it one knot
further, and say he sha'l not testify.
Mr. HALE. I do not say any such thing; but
I do say this: I do not want to make any legisla-
tion which will be perfectly inoperative. The. only
remedy those men now have is in the Suite courts,
and we ennnot inteifere with the rules of evidence
there. Their sole remedy must bo in the State
courts; they cannot go into the Federal courts;
