1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117$
the House as a pending amendment. If it had
come in, it would have come in as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Blair,] which was not germane to the pend-
ing proposition.
Mr. PENDLETON. That may have been.
The SPEAKER. It shows to the gentleman
from Ohio that his proposition was not received
as an amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. It was the understand-
ing of all the gentlemen on this side of the House
that it was received; and if the Chair did not state
it, I beg leave to say that I ought not to suffer from
that neglect of duty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no one ask
to have it received as an amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. 1 expressly asked
the gentleman from Kentucky to give way that I
might offer my amendment—not simply tlmt it
might be read. He acceded to my request. The
amendment was sent to the desk and read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is this question
of order debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Virginia and the gentleman from Ohio raised
this point of order that there were two or three
amendments pendingto this jointresolution. The
Chair stated the question to be on the engross-
ment and third leading. The point of order is,
that the vote should be first taken 011 this prop-
osition. The Chair will state the facts as they
occurred. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Wickliffe] being on the floor, the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Blair] asked him to yield
that he might offer an amendment. The gentle-
man from Kentucky stated that he would hear it
read. It was read; and that was all that either
gentleman said about it. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] afterwards rose and asked
the gentleman from Kentucky to yield him the
floor to have an amendment read. The gentleman
yielded, and the amendment was read. Neither
of the gentlemen proposed anything more about
it. The Chan- will now submit it to the House
whether these amendments have been received.
It is a question of fact.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say that I
do not think I am mistaken in my recollection of
the matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. This is a question of fact,
which the Chair hopes the gentleman will allow
to be settled.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Kentucky yielded to the gentleman from Virginia
to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
gentleman from Illinois will consult the reporters,
he will find that the Chair is right.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I know that I am
not mistaken. I desired to offer a proviso which
I had drawn up, and 1 consulted the gentleman
from Illinois about it, as to whether it was in or-
der to offer it at that time as an amendment. He
informed me that it was. I then asked my friend
from Kentucky, who occupied the floor, whether
he would give way, not that my proposition might
be read, but that 1 might offer it as an amendment
to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky yielded the floor only to have it read, and
declined to yield it any further.
Mr. BLAIR, of Vngima. I appealed to the
"entleman, not to hear it read, but that I might
offer it; and the gentleman says he yielded the floor
for the purpose for which I asked him to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky stated expressly that he would hear it read;
and that is all that was said. It is, however, a
question of fact for the House to decide.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The. Chair will pardon
me if 1 state over again just what the gentleman
from Virginia did say. I'was appealed to by that
gentleman to give way for the amendment. I said
" certainly; let us hear it icad;" and I consented,
so far as 1 had the power to consent, that it should
be offered as an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman did not say
SO to the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was then appealed to by
the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr Pendleton] for
the same purpose. He had read his amendment
to 1111' before he offered it. He asked me it I would
yield to let him offer it. I consented, and told
him to offer it at the end of the resolution. It was
so offered and read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard the
statement, and will submit the question of fact to
the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think I heard
very distinctly what took place, and I would like
to state how I understood it.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Both gentlemen have made
their statements; and it is now a question of fact
for the House to determine. If the amendments
were received at that time, they should be voted
on now. Shall they be received as amendments ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
Is it m order, under the rules, at this stage of the
matter, when the main question is ordered, to in-
terpose a question whether other things have been
received as amendments?
The SPEAKER. It is a question of fact for
the House to determine, whether these amend-
ments were received.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that a question of
fact is one thing, and a proposition to receive
amendments while the previous question is pend-
ing, is another thing.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, a bill (H.
R. No. 297) to make an additional article of war;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 13G) to provide for the appointment of sut-
lers in the volunteer scivice, and to define tlieii
duties; asked for a committee of conference 011 the
disagreeing votes, and appointed Messrs Wilson
of Massachusetts, Howard, and Wright con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
SUTLERS IN VOLUNTEER SERVICE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to take
from the Speaker's table the bill just sent in fiom
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
136) to provide for the appointment of sutlers in
the volunteer service, and to define their duties,
was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
House agree to the committee of conference asked
for by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire that the
vote as to the reception of these amendments may
be taken separately. One, in my judgment, was
offered, and the other was not.
The SPEAKER. The vote must be taken on
both.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask that the amendments
be 1 ead.
The SPEAKER. The character of the amend-
ments has nothing to do with the question, which
is simply whether they were oltered.
Mr. GOOCH. Hthe question whether these
amendments were received at the time they were
offered, or whether they shall be now received?
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to determ-
ine whether these amendments were, at the time
thev were read, proposed as amendments. That
is all. .
The question was taken; and it was decided 111
the negative—yeas 43, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Aneonii. Joseph Itiuly, Ritkilr. Francis
P. C! 111. Jacob ii. Bl.ur, II Cionno. William G.
Brown, (\wy, ("'lenient-. Cobb. Cmnms. Co\. Unoen-,
Cti-lield. l.'i iltriuH 11. OunUp. Engli-h, Hall. Hardin!.',
Jdlm-oh. Wilu.nn }vc!iour2. Kiiapp, Law, Lean', Noble,
iVmllctoti. Pei 1 \. Price, I'lehaid^on, ilohm^on, Janie:?
R0U111-. Slur I. John 15 Steele, r'laneis 'J'lioiii.^, Vooi liccs,
Waii-\\011h. W.ud, \Vil>-tui. Whaley, Chilton A White.
W.ekltffe. Wood, and Woo,huff—43.
NAYS-Me-cia. Ahli.cli, A.neld, A?llley. Balibtt..linker,
Haiti 1, inama.i, Umghaiii, Samuel "kS''l!"
1 jit-ton Cimnbe'l, J'ollav, I''i rdt'riek A. ConMni,., >
1 Conking Conu'av, Covode, Cutlei, i)>ui, Delano, Duell,
| Edgerton, Edwards. Knot. Ely, Fessenden, Fisher, Fran-
chot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Haight, Hale, Har-.
ris>on, Hickman, Hooper, Horton,Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis VV. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKuight,
MePheison, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Ohn, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy,Porter, Alexander II.Rice,John H.Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Stratton, Train, Tiowhudge, Van Valkenburgh. Verree,
Wallace,, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albert S.
White, Wilson, and Windoin—78.
So it was decided that the proposed amendments
were not pending.
Mr. WOOD moved that the House adjourn, and
called for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messr.*. Joseph Baily, Biddle, George H.Browne,
Campbell, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden,
Dunlap, ISngli-sh, Hall, Harding, Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Leary, Noble, Norton, Pendleton, Puce, Richardson, Rob-
inson, James S. Rollm®, Sluul,Jolm B.Steele, Francis
Thomas. Voorhees, Wadsvvorth, Webster, Chilton A.
White, YVickhffe, Wood, and Woodruff—34.
NAYS—Mesirs. Aldiieh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blah, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberhn, Clem-
ents, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng, Roscoe Conkllng, Co-
vode, Cutler, Davis, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards,
Ehot, Ely, Fes&enden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gianger, Haight, Hale, Harrison, Hickman,
Hooper, Hoiton, Hutching, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kelloffg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Knight, Mcl'heison, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Mor-
rill, Ju*lm S. MorrilJ, Olin, Patton, Timothy G. PheJps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Riee,
Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabaiger, Sloan, Stratton, Tram, Trowbiidge, Van
Valkenbmgh, Vem-c, Waliace, Charles W. Walton, E. P.
Walton, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worces-
ter—81.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. NOBLE moved that the House adjourn,
and called for the yeas and nays upon the motion,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the engrossment and
third reading of the joint resolution.
Thejointfesolution wasordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflii mativc—yeas 89, nays 31; as follows:
y^AS—Me-ais. Aldrich, Arnold, AMilcy, Babbitt. Baker
Baxter Beamnn, Bingham, Franci* P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blau, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Campbell, Chambethn, CleiWMits, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conklin", Roscoe Colliding, Conway, Covode, Cutler, Da-
vis Delano. Diven,Duetl, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Elv,Fessenden, Fisher. Franchot, Frank. Gooch, Goodwin,
Gianger, Haight, llahs Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hor-
ton. Hutchin«, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kiliinger, banking, Looims, Lovejoy, McKnight,
MePhe~i on, Mitchell. Mooihead, Anson P. Motilll, Justin
S. Murrill, Nixon, Oim, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Pnmeiov, Poitei, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Kiddle,
EdwaulH. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabar-
eer, Sloan, Stratton, Tiaui, Trowbiidge, Van Valkcnburgh,
WtiWallace, Chaile* W Walton.E. P. Walton, VVha-
lev. Albert S.White, Wilson. Windom, and Woicester—89.
NAYS—Slessr^. Ancona, Joseph Baity, Biddle, Coining,
(.'ox, Cra\ ens., Outfield, Cuttenden, Dunlap,English, Hard-
ing Johnson, Knapp, Law, Leary, Noble, Norton, Pendle-
' ton, Petrv, Richaidson, Robinson, Shiel, Jonn B. Steele,
I j Fnuicis Thomas, Voorhees, Wudswoiih, Ward, t mlton A.
'i White, Wickliffe, Wood, and Woodruff—31.
jj So the joint resolution was passed.
!j Before (he vote was announced,
II Mr. BAKER stated that his rolloaffup, Mr.
ij Wall was absent in consequence of indisposi-
i| '
Mr. DUNLAP said Mr. Wright was neces-
!; sarily absent from the House.
!} Mr. STEELE, of New York, said Mr. Smith
'j was detained from the House by sickness,
ii Mr. JOHNSON made a similar statement in
ji reference to Mr. Cooper.
;i Mr PENDLETON stated that Mr. Vali.ant-
! digram was absent and paired with Mr. Van
i1 Horn.
II The vote was announced as above recorded.
