3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
and therefore it is idle for us to undertake to say
what the rule of evidence shall be in a court they
cannot go into.
Mr. URIMES. But they maybe brought into
the Federal courts, by parties who are citizens,
and made defendants; and yet you deny them
the power to call upon those who are of the same
complexion with them to give testimony in their
behalf.
Mr. HALE. How are they brought into the
Federal courts?
Mr. GRIMES. They can be sued.
Mr. SUMNER. Free colored persons can be
sued for crimes, of course.
Mr. HALE. They cannotbring them into the
Federal courts, and, practically, they are never
brought in. The only remedy in the Federal
courts is in cases of suits between the citizens of
one State and the citizens of another State. They
may try them for crimes there; but the list of
crimes for which they can be tried is very small;
and I apprehend they are very rarely brought in
there. The practical operation of this rule 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to make a suggestion to
him? Jn every prosecution of a negro foracrime
or misdemeanor in Kentucky it has to take place
in the State tribunals,and those of his own color
are witnesses in his behalf in every such prosecu-
tion for crime or misdemeanor.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am glad to hear it;
and I have no doubt that this thing, if left where
it is, will reform itself; but I was goingtotell you
of a case where this rule of law operated in favor
of the criminal. It was my lot once to act as
counsel for several colored men who were indicted
in the city of Boston for an offense against the
Federal hiw—the fugitive slave law. A great
many of those transactions took place in the pres-
ence of colored people. The colored defendants
brought witnesses of their own color into court,
and they testified without exception; but there
was a demociatic colorphohia—as 1 believe it is
described in some of our abolition prints—prevail-
ing in the inind of the prosecuting attorney for
the Government, and he would not contaminate
his own political standing with the Government
by summoning colored witnesses to rebut what
took place in the presence of colored people, and
was testified to by colored witnesses for the de-
fense; and in that case the practical operation of
the rule was for the benefit of those who were
indicted.
Mr. DAVIS. lie was move squeamish than
we lire in Kentucky.
Mr. HALE, I have nodouhtofit; ami wo have
got more squeamish slave-upholders in the Now
England Slates, or wo had when slavery was tho
cornerstone of the Democratic party, than youcver
hall ill any of tin; southern States, and who would
preach more obnoxious doctrines in favor of sla-
very than any one in Kentucky or any other sou th-
orn State. J have no doubt that what the Sena-
tor from Kentucky says is strictly and literally
true.
Now, Kir, the great evil of this matter lies in the
decision of tho Supreme Court. That, court has
decided, not that the rights of testifying, but that
the rights of citizenship, the rights that while men
are bound to respect,and all the rights which make
human life worth anything, are denied to colored
people; and we sit here and tolerate that Supreme
Court. You have gone oil passing a great many
laws in favor of the principles of civil, political,
and personal liberty. What are they worth ? So
long as the Supreme Coutt, like Mordccai the
Jew, sits in the king's gate, your laws will bo of
no avail; not the slightest; and they will declare
them repugnant to the Constitution whenever they
aie brought before them. You have got the idea
that you are going to fill up this Supreme Court
with Republicans. I vote against any man going
on that bench. Why? I have sometimes attended
common school exhibitions and debating exhibi-
tions in my country, and I have thought 1 would
propose for debate there this question: "which
does a man lose first when he goes on the bench
of the Supreme Court, his common honesty or his
common sense?" Some of the late appointments
you have made would not enable us to settle that
question, because they have not enough of either
to be measured. [Laughter.] Wow, sir, you may
go on and fill up this court—I do not care with
whom you fill it up—just so soon as they get there,
there will be a mold settle upon their consciences
and their intellects; there is something hanging
around the room they sit in; and they will become
as conservative and as pro-slavery as the Chief
Justice, or any of the rest of them.. That has been
the history of the court from the beginning.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope my friend will not
allow any of that mold to settle upon him now;
for it seems he has got a crust of it.
Mr. HALE. I do not yield the floor. Mr.
President, I could point to an instance occurring
in the State of Massachusetts. Many years ago,
as late as the last war with Great Britain, there
was a young man there, one of the most radical
Democrats in the whole land; so radical that when
he went in to some Federal towns of Massachusetts
to deliver a Democratic speech, he was actually
mobbed. For his Democratic doctrines proclaimed
in every place where he had occasion to speak, he
was put on the Federal bench as a representative
of New England Democracy to expound consti-
tutional law. What was the result? He became
the most latitudinarian, broad-construction judge
of the old Federal school that ever sat on the bench.
I refer to Judge Story, an honest, honorable, high-
minded, kind-hearted man, but as ultra in all these
obnoxious doctrines of Federal powerasany judge
that ever sat on the bench. As it has been in the
past so it will be in the future. If you take even
some of the very distinguished, refined,educated,
liberal, broad-hearted men that surround me here
in the Senate, and put them on the bench, the
mold will begin to grow over their hearts before
they have taken the oath to support the Constitu-
tion, und in a little while you will find them noth-
ing more than Chief Justice Taneys of a smaller
calibei; that is all. [Laughter.] That has been
so heretofore, and it will be so m the future. 1
voted against Judge Swayne, who I believe is an
upright, honest man, and a good judge; but he
made a very foolish decision as soon as he got on
the bench; a very foolish one indeed, in my hum-
ble judgment; and that was in regard to the pro-
vision of the Constitution as to who are enemies.
1 think he decided that these rebels whom we are
fighting, and whom we are straining our blood and
treasure to put down, were not enemies; I sup-
pose only a sort of angry cousins, or something
of that kind.
Mr. WADE. You have misunderstood him.
That was onjy as to the form of indictment.
Mr. HALL. Sir, forms are substance in such
a case as that. I read it, and understood it, and,
I think, appreciated it. That was the decision,and
that will be the character of the* decisions that
Judge Swayne will make from this time forward.
I look upon him as a lost man—utterly lost. 1
should look upon any other friend that I saw tak-
ing a place there as lost. I would rather go to his
funeral than follow him to the bench of the Su-
preme Court, [laughter,] for then I could cherish
his memory, revere his virtues, and mourn over
his fate.
Mr. DAVIS. Which fate would the honora-
ble Senator prefer for himself?
Mr. HALE. When the Senator from Kentucky
gets in a position to propound that question to me
with authority, I will answer him; not before.
[Laughter.] Now, I say to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, if he is in earnest, if his eloquence is
the ebullition of his heart, and he means what he
says; if he wants to lay the ax at the root of the
tree; if he wishes to make this fight, and make it
to the death; if he wishes to be in earnest; if he
wishes to let the world know that his warfare
against slavery does not consist in bringing ill
some of these amendments about colored persons
every time a bill is up, and that he is really in
earnest; if he wants to go into a campaign, into
acrusade—I am with him, and for him; he shall
be the captain, and I will be an humble private.
But do not let him stop to browse on this small
fodder by the wayside, but march up to attack the
enemy,and cut down the great tree fromits roots.
Let him do that, sir; and I tell you you never
can do it, and you never will do your duty until
you do the very first duty of the Constitution—
which is from time to time to establish a Supreme
Court and such inferior tribunals as you in your
wisdom may determine. You have not performed
the duty of the Constitution when you have es-
tablished one court. When that has become in-
competent to the purpose for which it is created,
the Constitution calls upon you to abolish it, and i
from time to time—those are the words of the Con-
stitution—establish a Supreme Court and such
inferior courts as the public good may require.
These are my views; and this was the reason
why I did not vote for the Senator's amendment.
I am too much in earnest in this matter to vote
for any humbugs that may be introduced. I do
not mean that the Senator intended it for that; but
that is it practically. It will have no sort of effect;
it will do no sort of good; and therefore I do not
want it on this bill.
Mr.STJMNER. The Senator from NewHamp-
shire criticises very severely a decision of the Su-
preme Court which declares that colored persons
are not citizens, and have no rights which white
men are bound to respect; and he then proceeds
forthwith, himself, to sustain a principle which is
every way as bad. He condemns Chief Justice
Taney because he declares that colored persons
are not citizens; and then, with marvelous logic,
he proceeds to say that he will not interfere to
overturn the wicked rule by which the testimony
of colored persons is excluded from our courts.
Sir, I do not know which is most open to con-
demnation , the Supreme Court or the Senator from
New Hampshire. I am against the decision of
the Supreme Court. The Senator knows it well.
I am not one whit behind him in condemnation of
that atrocious infa^ny, which must forever stand
forth as one of the crying inhumanities of this
generation. But permit me to remind the Senator
from New Hampshire that the rule which he now
sustains is not less inhuman tfian the rule for
which he condemns the Supreme Court. There
is not a word which he can launch against that
court which must not rebound upon himself. To
me it is as unintelligible as it is painful that the
Senator should appear as the apologist for any
such atrocity. I use strong language; but it is
only in this way that I can fitly characterize the
doctrines of the Supreme Court and of the Senator
from New Hampshire. The Supreme Court has
erred—infinitely and wretchedly; but the Senator
now errs in the same way.
But the Senator is entirely mistaken when he
says that the rule which 1 seek to overturn pro-
ceeds from the Supreme Court. It is no such
tiling; and if I can have his attention one moment,
I can make him understand it. The rule by which
the testimony of colored persons is excluded stands
on the local law of the States, and not on any de-
cision of the Supreme Courtof the United States.
The court cannot interfere with it one way or the
other. Congress alone, when it legislates for its
own courts, can interfere with it; and I entreat the
Senate now, as it is about to legislate for the Fed-
eral courts, to interfere with it. The proposition
of the Senator from Connecticut, which I have in
my hand, is as follows;
'•That the laws of the several States, except where the
Constitution, tieaties, or statutesof the United States shall
otherwise lequire or provide, shall be regarded as rules of
decision in all trials at common law in the courts of the
United States, in cases where they apply."
That is, the laws of the several States shall be
regarded as rules of decision in the United States
courts. That is what we are about to declare.
I simply propose to add that those laws shall not
be regarded as rules of decision in the United
States courts, so far as they undeitake to exclude
testimony on account of color. The Senator
from New Hampshire comes forward to oppose
this just, humane, and irresistible proposition;
and his argument is, that instead of doing this by
legislation we must overturn the Supreme Court.
Sir, permit me to say his argument is entirely inap-
plicable; his whole philippic against the Supremo
Court is out of place. Whether 1 agree with him
or not, let mo say this is not the time to enter into
any such discussion; and I must confess that
I like to see things in their proper place. The
question now is much more simple, more direct.
Why go into the ample, illimitable debate which
the Senator had opened ? Why consider the Su-
preme Court of the United States and its relations
to our country, whether it shall be overturned;
whether it shall be reformed; whether it shall be
modified? All this has nothing to do with the
question; and the Senator, when he introduced
these topics, simply diverted attention from the
precise question on which we are to vote. I do
not know that he did it purposely. Indeed, I
rather suspect the ardor of his nature, which has
led him for the moment into this utterly irrele-
