158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
it shall instruct the committee to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill, &c.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would suggest also 
The SPEAKER. Debate will carry the reso-
lution over.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I presume, by unanimous
consent, the suggestion may be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I suggest to the gentleman
that he amend his resolution as I have suggested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will amend the resolution
as the gentleman desires.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
IRELAND.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, by unanimous consent,
presented to the House the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Kentucky, in relation to the
relief from the famine in Ireland; which were read,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
RETURN OF FUGITIVE SLA YES.
Mr. SHANKS offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Yliat the constitutional power to return fugi-
tive slaves to their masters jests solely with the civil de-
partments of the Government; and that the oider of the
Secrctaiy of War, under date of December 6,1S61, to Gen-
eral Wool, for the deliveiy of a s-lave to Mi. Jessup, of
Maryland/as well asallothei inihtmy orders for the leturn
of slaves, are assumptions of the military power over the
civil law and the rights of the slave.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask my colleague
a question.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to debate, it must go over.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. Idesireto dcbateit.
The resolution accordingly goes over.
TIIE INCOME TAX.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Means he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
piovidmg that an) State or Tomtoiy. or the District of Co-
lumbia, may assume the collection and payment by its own
ofheers (but not the as^e-siw at) of the tax mentioned in
section lorry-nine of ^aid act, known a- the income lav, and
any such State,Tcrritoiy, or District, which .-shall gi ve notice
by the Govemot or othei ehiet executive officer thereof to
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, on or
before the second Tuesday of February next, and in each
succeeding year Thereatter, of its intention to assume the
collection and payment into the Treasury of the United
States of said income tax, '-hall be entitled, in lieu of the
oompens-ation herein authouzed to be allowed to such col-
leeuu and his deputies, to a deduction of ten per centum
on the amount of «uch income tax assessed : Provided,
however, That the deduction of ten pei centum shall only
apply to such parts, of said income tux a* shall have been
paid into the Tiea-sury of the United Elates on oi before
the last day of June in each jear to which such paj nient
relates, and a deduction of seven per centum to such part
as shall have been paid into the Treasmy of the United
States on or betore the last day ol September m the year to
winch su'*h pavmcntielates, such year hem? icgaided as
commencing on the l<t day of Apii!: Provided jurther,
That wlienevei noucu of the intention to make such col-
lection and payment by the State or 'JViutoiy oi the Dis-
tnct of Columbia .shall have been given to the Secietary of
the Tiea>sury, in accoidaiiee with the foicgoingpiovi&ioiH,
no collector m any State, Teriitoij, or D.-stnet, r-o giving
notice, shall be appoint'd, unless said State orTcmtoiyoi
District shall be in default: And provided further, That
the amount, of said income tax which shall be a^e^scd
against any State, Teiutory, or the District oi Columbia
shall be liable to be paid and satisfied, in whole or in pait,
by the iclease of >ueh State, Tenitoiy. or District duly ex-
ecuted to the United Slate* of an\ liquidated and determ-
ined claim of buc.h State, Temtory, or District of equal
amount against the United States : Provided. That in cu*e
of such i clease such State, Temtor), oi Distuct shall be
allowed the t-ame abatement of the amount of f-ueh tax as
would be allowed in caseot payment of the same in money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is that resolu-
tion merely one of inquiry?
The SPEAKER. Vcs, sir.
The resolution was agreed to.
POST HOSPITAL IN INDIANA,
Mr. CRAVENS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military AlTaiis be. iind
tiievare hereby, uistiuctcd to uiquue into the expediency
of establishing a po-t hospital at New Albanv,or >ome
other convenient point in southern Indiana, forth.' accom-
modation ot ssick and disabled soldiers employed in the
Wessl.
Mr, CRAVENS. I ask that a letter from a
distinguished citizen of Indiana upon tins subject,
which I send to the desk, may be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
I'idianapor,!:., Fvhana, December 12, 3661.
Mv df.ar Sir : Alter in v compliments I wish to call jour
attention to the lamentable deV'-i in our hospital accom-
modations for soldiers in the volunteer service. This may
be easily remedied by the establishment ot a post hospital
on the southern bofder of Indiana. The falls of Ohio or
Evansvilte either afford excellent localities for this pur-
pose. The erection of a hospital at General Government
expense for the reception of the disabled soldiers would not
only compoit with the humanity of the age m which we
live, but it would be the mean* of saving thousands of val-
uable lives, which now, under the imperfect system of army
medication, are lost. It would be economy foi the Govern-
ment to e&tabh-h hospitals into which all the chrome sick
might be placed and tieated until it could be ascertained
whether they were curable or not. The advantages of es-
tablishing a post hospital for the patients of each State are
briefly these, nam^U : To cure moie of the sick, to accom
modate them better^ and, moreover, to give fuend* in each
State an opponunity of lemoving them, whenever the sur-
geon may think advisable, to domestic hearth*, wlieie all
the comlottsmav be extended to the dying soldier As it is
now. the sick soldier, when his disease is chronic and be-
yond the leach ol lemedies, is lett to the meieies of men
whose object is to deal with the strong and healthy.
I think it a crying shame that our citizen soldiers should
be left in canvas tents, when they aie sick, to eke out a life
of wretchedness almost in sight of liome. If the service
could be benefited by jetaiuing invalids in it, then there
would be some apology for pursuing the present hospital
policy.
1 drop you these few hints to call jour attention to the
subject. Your experience in the late war with Mexico
enables vou to speak authoritative)} about this matter.
JAMES S. ATiiON.
Hon. J. A. Cravens.
The resolution was agreed to; and the letter
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE,
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had con-
curred in the resolution of the House expressive
of the recognition by Congress of the gallant and
patriotic services of the late Brigadiei General
Nathaniel Lyon, and the officers and soldiers un-
der his command at the battle of Springfield.
FUGITIVE SLATE LAW.
Mr. JULIAN. I offer the following resolution,
and move the previous question upon it: j
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee bcinstiueted to
repvirt a bill, so amending the fugitive slave law enacted in
ltfot) as to forbid the recapture on etui n of any fugitive fiom
labor without satisfactory proof first made that the claimant
ot bucli fugitive i< loyal to the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 would ask my colleague
whether he is willing to modify his resolution so
as to make it one of inquiry merely ? That will
make it entirely harmless, and I shall have no
objection to it.
Mr. JULIAN. I prefer it in its present form.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 39,
nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-i". Ancona, Joseph Baily, Riddle,Geoige II.
Biowne, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Craven*, Crittenden, Dunlap,
English, Fouke,Gudci, Hauling, flolman, Johnson, Law,
Lazear, Lcarj, Lehman, Malloiv, Moms, Noble, Noell,
Norton, Nngen, Odell, Pendleton, Robinson, ShnJ, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Vallandigham. WacKworth,
Web.-ter, Chilton A. White, Wickhfi'e, Woodruff, and
Wi ight—o'j.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Aldrich, Alloj, Arnold. Babbitt, Bakei,
Baxter, Beaiuan, Bingham, Fiancis 1' Blair, Samuel S.
Blair. Blake, Buftinton, Buinham, Chambeilin, Claik, Col-
tax, Fiedeuck A. Conklmg, Itos-coe Conklitig, Ciuiei,
I)avi~, Dawes, Delano, Dnell, Edwauh, Eliot, Fewnden,
Fianehot, Fiani;, Gooeii, Good win, Gin ley, Hale, llanchett,
Ilarus-on, IIoopci. Hutch in*. Julian, \\ llluim Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Loomif. Lovt'joy, MeKiught, McPhcr-on, Maiston,
Mitchell, Mooihead. Anson I\ Momll, Justin S. Momll.
Olrn, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, Poitei, Pottei, John If. Rice,
ltiddlc, Edward 1L Ilolhns, Saigeant, Sedgwick, Shankf,
Shellahaiger, Sheiman. Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Ben-
jamin F. Thoma3, Tiain, Yandever, Wall, Wallace.' E P.
Walton, Vv'a-hbmne. Wheeler, Whalcy, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windorn, and Worcester—'8.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
During the roll call,
Mr. MALLORY asked leave to explain his vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM objected.
Mr. SERGEANT stated that Mr. Phflps, of
California, was absent on account of illness in his
family.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, stated that
Mr. Sheffield was confined to bis room bystck-
ntss.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; being upon the adoption
of the i'f solution.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimonacon-
sent of the House to submit a request to the mover
of this resolution.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire that the mover
shall confine his resolution to the States which
have seceded, or may hereafter secede. I do not
think it ought to apply to my State. Suppose my
servant goes off, 1 shall have to take proof m
Kentucky that 1 am a loyal man. I do not know
whether! could proveitornot. [Laughter.] Con-
fine the resolution to the States that have seceded,
and it will do no great harm.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to say simply that this
resolution, as now framed, suits me admirably,
and I prefer not to make any modification.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 78, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldtich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
'i Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiancw P. Blair, Samuel S.
ii Blair, Blake, tfulfinton, Chambeilin. Clark. Colfax, Fied-
I! eiick <V. Conklmg,KoscoeConklmg,Conway,Covode,Cut-
lei, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edwards-, Eliot, Fenton,
Fessenden, Franehot, Ftfink, Gooch, Goodwin, Guik>y,
Hale, Hancliett, Harrison, Hooper, Hutching Julian, Loo-
mis. Lovejoy, MeKean, McKnight, McPhei^on, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anson P. Moirill, Justin S. Morrill, Olm. Patton,
PiUe, Pomerov, Porter, Potter, John U. llicc, Riddle. Ed-
ward 11. Rollins, Saigeant, Shanks, Shejlabaigei, Sherman,
Sloan. Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas Tiam,
Trowbridge, \"an*devei. Wall, Wallace, E. p. Walton,
Washburne, Wheeler, Whalej, Albeit S. White. WiUon,
Wmdoni, and Worcester—'7d.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Bailv, Biddle, Cobb,
j \ Cooper, Coy, Ciavens, Crittenden, Dunlap,English, Foukc,
' Gndei, Ilaiding, Ilolman, Johnson, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Lel)man.Malioi'y,Maynard,Menzies. Morris, Aobie.Nocll,
Nniton, Nuiicn. Pendleton, Robinson. Shiel, John B. Steele,
Wilbam G.'Steele, Yallandigham, Wadsworth. Web-ter,
Ciulton A. White, Wickhrle," Woodiuff, and Wright—39.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-VYAIl ADVANCES BY STATES.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stnicted to inquire into the expediency ot allowing to the
seveinl State*, which have made advances to the L'mted
States t'ortlie eni oil nient, subsistence, or equipment of their
lespective quotas ot volunteers, mteiest on the money or
amounts so advanced.
TIIANIvS TO COLONEL MULLIGAN AND HIS MEN.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a joint resolution
giving the thanks of Congress to Colonel James
A. Mulligan and the offtceis and men under his
command, for the heroic defense of Lexington,
Missouri, which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Resolved hy the Seriate and House of Representatives, That
the thanks- ot Congress be pie?ented to Colonel Jame< A.
Mulligan and the gallant ofheers and soldiers under his
command, who bia\ely stood bj him against a lueath su-
perior loiee in hi-s heioic defense of Lexington, Mrs-ouii.
Resolved, That the twenty-third legimentot Illinois vol-
uuteeii*—the Iiirh hiigade—m testimony of then gallantry
on that occasion, aie authouzed to bear upon their colois
the woid Lexington."
Resolved, That the Seeictary of Wai he i equated to
communicate these le&olutious to Colonel ?.Iulljgan and lurf
officers and ^oldieis.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo engrossed
and read a third timn:and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CONFISCATION OF IlEBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and on it demand the previous question:
Reioh ed, That the Judicnuy Committer lu* insti acted to
repoita bill toi the eontiacation of ail piop.>m ot all citi-
zens who bhall bo found engaged in rebellion against the
Goxemment of the United State-, and such a- aid and abet
Mich rebellion; also, lor the uneonditioiml hbeiation of
their slaves, and toi the piotection of *ueh slaves tiom
recapture b> their tebel ma^ei«<
The question being on seconding the previous
question,
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and AJessrs. Worcester
and Sherman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 47: no quorum voting.
