1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing seven dollars a month to their volunteers in
addition to the United States pay, and they have
their own paymasters and their own way of pay-
ing it. The State might avail themselves of this
provision, or might not. Will the gentleman con-
sider that this is in exclusion of a State provision ?
They might prefer to use their own means.
Mr. W ILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
think it would not interfere with that at all. I
understand this resolution to be intended to reach
cases where a Slate appropriates money to pay
volunteers the regular pay which the Government
agrees to pay them, and it provides the mode and
manner in which that may be done. The State of
New York has passed such a law to appropriate
money to pay what the Government of the United
States agrees to pay these men. The Secretary
of War having examined the subject very care-
fully, is desirous that this mode be adopted for
that purpose, and I think it will not inteifere with
any extra pay that the States may choose to pay
their troops. 1 consulted this morning, on a sug-
gestion made by the Senator trom Maine [Mr.
Fessende>t] yesterday, in regard to this going to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secietary
of War said there was a difficulty about it, and
they wanted it to go in this direction, in order to
hold the paymasters in the Army responsible.
This was thought to be the best way to have it
done. In fact, the resolution was prepared at the
War Office.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideiation of the bill (S. No. 175)
to define the pay and emoluments of certain ofli-
cfers of the Army, and for other purposes; the
pending question being on a motion heretofore
submitted by Mr. Rice, to strike out the ninth and
sixteenth sections, which are as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be i! furlner enacted, That, during the con-
tinuance of tlv% pi'CMint rebellion, there be deducted
fioai ti!<* compensation of*all peison-*employed 111 the nufi-
uiiVj naval, and civil service of the United States, except
the Pi evident of the United States and the judges, of the
couitsof the United States,and wattant ofhceis and sailms
m the N.ivv, and iKm-comim-^ionetl ofiieei-?, musicians
and privates in the Army and marine corps ten percent, of
the amount of tneir compensation ; and tliib deduction shall
apply to all allowance1- for mileage and for commutation
fot fcoi varus, ibiag". and rations, and to all lees or contin-
gent allowances paid foi pei&onal services from the Treaa-
uiy of the United Stales.
Sec. 16. Jbvl be it further enacted, That hereafter the
rate of milca^ of members of Connies* shall be reduced
lift} per cent., to he computed by the inobt dneet tiaveled
route horn their places ol 1 evidence to the .^-atuf Congress,
le^pectively. A -rutement of the mileage of each Senator
shall he cei nfieii to the Secietaiy of the Senate, and of each
Representative and Delegate to the Semeaut at-Aims of
the llou-e of Repie^entotive*, |>_\ the PcMrm^tor General,
within thuty dajs after the commencement of the iiist ses-
sion of each Conjrc>! : Provided, That, until a latlroad is
con&tiucted to the Pacific coast, the mileage of Senators,
and Representatives tiom beyond the itoeky mountains
shall be computed b\ the usually traveled toute.
Mr. FEtiSENDEN. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts had better strike these sections out
of his bill, for the reason that provision is made
for an income tax which is to come here, and the
amount is less. If that fails, the provision can be
put on some other bill. It is improperly placed
m this bill for the Army. Probably the sarne^b-
jection applies to both sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will not
strike out this ninth section of the bill. It is the
only reduction of salary likely to pass. I k"ow
from my experience that detailed bills are not like I y
to pass. If any one wants to try the experiment,
I hope he will try it. This reduction of ten per
cent, is probably the only reduction that will be
made, and if it is not passed in this bill, it will
not pass at all. The tax bill may be modified; it
will be some time before it will get here. It this
is consideied as in lieu of a tax, theie will be no
difficulty about it. I believe it is the best feature
of the bill, and I hope it will be adhered to.
Mi. FKSSENDEN. I hope u will not be ad-
hered to for the icason, in the fust place, without
going into details about it, that it ,s wv unjust;
U applies to everybody who receivt s a salaiy, ant.
there are a great many who jeceive small salaries
to whom it ought not to apply at all. It is m us
nature sweeping and founded on no principle ex-
cept a meie cutting down, without reference to the
question whether too much or enough is received
in a great many cases. For instance, it takes in
all officers of the Army, captains, lieutenants, sec-
ond lieutenants; it takes in all persons in the em-
ploy of the Government, even if they do not receive
over ยง6011 a year; it includes a great many classes
that 1 am satisfied ought not to be reduced at all.
For that reason, it is unjust in its operation, as
necessaiily every provision of this kind must be
which makes no sort of distinction between classes
of men. Now, while I am ready to subrtiitmyself
to any reasonable tax placed upon me or upon
those who are ready to bear it, there is no reason
why in our fever of appearing to do something for
outside operations, to show people that we are dis-
posed to economize, we should treat with injustice
a large class of persons in the public employ.
lam pel fectly willing to take the responsibility
of meeting anything of that sort, either by vote or
word. Take, for instance, an officer who receives
about eighteen hundred dollars a year; there are
officers in my eye who have families at home to
support, who have left business which brought
them in a great deal more, and who have to be at
their own extra expense m the field and to sup-
port their families besides, and you cut them off
ten per cent., and then you tax them on their in-
comes besides, and in addition to that, foice them
to pay all the increased piices of living. Why,
sir, it is unjust; it is a perfect outrage on such
men. Those who receive high salaries may be
able to bear this and more; but the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] makes no distinction. After
demonstrating the other day by his speech that
the thing was wrong, he is still willing to take it
for the sake of a reduction. He may be able to
bear it, and I may be able to bear it, but there are
large classes of the community who are not able
to bear it.
In the sccond place, it is out of place here; it
has no connection with this bill, which is to ap-
ply to the Army. In the third place, we cannot
tell what we are to do until after the tax bill is
passed You cannot make a distinction in an in-
come tax. For instance, you cannot tell what bur-
dens the whole community is to bear, in the first
place, by the tax oil ai tides, and in the next place,
by an income tax, which is connected with the
tax bill as reported, and which is to come lip hoie.
No hai m can be done by deferring this particular
proposition. The idea that there is no chance to
do it, except we do it hoie, is no argument if it is
doing in justice. I think the bill is decidedly wrong;
and for the sake of any praise I might get myself
in the newspapers for voting for it, or any blame
I might get for voting against it, I am not dis-
posed to yield to anything of that sort. We can
do justice as well heie in the case of public ser-
vants as m others.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I think the
Senatot from Maine lias made an unnecessary
allusion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not allude to any-
body but myself. I say I am ready to meet what
may come.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. It is very
easy to declare our readiness to " meet" anything
that may come because of our opposition to this
measuie. It is not necessary for the Senator from
Maine, or any other Senator, to make any decla-
rations of his readiness or willingness to " meet"
what may come from the press in regard to this
mcasuic, for I venture to say that nine tenths of
the press of the country will take the side thar the
Senator lias taken to-day on this question, and
any man who expects to gain anythmgin popu-
lar estimation by going for this proposition ol the
bill will be entirely mistaken. I do not suppose
that anybody dreamed it could be done. I am
sure nobody" has gained anything, or will gain
anything in popularity, by its suppoit. On tire
contrary, the grossest misrepiesentations have
been made in icgaid to this very proposition, its
object, and its purpose*, and attacks have been
1 made against thofe who introduced it and those
1 who have supported it.
j The proposition contained in the section to
< winch the Senator objects, may not in all eases
! work iLisMy. 1 must confe&s that I think in some
i cases it will work hardly. It is a deduction pio-
| posed to be made during the existing trouble, and
j it seemed to me to be more just than to ma kg a
I general and permanent reduction of salaries, winch
in many cases ought not for a series of years, to
be reduced. It is easy to collect this small sum
of ten per cent. I noticed that a proposition wash
introduced the other day in the House of Repre-
sentatives that seemed to me to work more justly;
and that was, that all persons receiving under"
$2,000 should be taxed five per cent., those re-
ceiving from $2,000 to $5,000 ten per cent., ajid>
those receiving over$5,000fifteen per cent.jmak-
ing a discrimination. It seemed tome that prop-
osition was a good one and a better one than this*
but I think as this is in the bill we may as well
adhere to it.
The Senator says it is hardly fit to put this pro-
vision upon this bill. We had a report from a
commission appointed last session, who presented
a bill to reduce the salaries of officers. 1 thought
their bill was rather a sweeping bill, making large
permanent deductions; and it seemed to me that it
was better for those engaged in the military ser-
vice of the country to make a temporary reduction
upon their compensation during the present trou-
ble, than to make a reduction that would last
through a long series of years; and that every man
would feel under present circumstances a willing-
ness to make a sacrifice for the public good. I
have received letters from a large number of offi-
cers in the field, who say to me that this is the
best mode to make that reduction; that they pre-
fer it altogether to the other propositions that nave
been made here; that during the present trouble
in the country they are ready to make their part
of the sacrifices necessary to be made to carry on
the struggle.
Then, sir, there was another reason wh y I wished
to bring the provision in here. This bill proposes
a large reduction; it cuts off expenses in various
directions. It seemed to me that if we were to do
anything we ought to make some reduction upon
our own compensation, that before we undertook
to reduce the receipts of others we ought to bo
willing to make some reduction forourselves, and
that during the present struggle we could afford
to make some sacrifice for the country. That was
the motive for putting this proposition into the
bill. I think it is a good proposition. X am not
strenuous whether it goes upon this bill or some
other. If there is another place and another time
better fitted to put this provisior in, I certainly
am willing to have that time and that place fixed
upon rather than to have it put upon a bill in
which Senators think it ought not to be. 1 will
simply say to the Senator from Maine that if this
is an unfit place in which to put this provision,
and if Senators prefer that it should be put upon
any other bill, I am willing to do so, for I am very
anxious to get this bill through, for it will make
a reduction of many millions of dollars in the ex-
penses of the military service of the country. I
think it will save somewhere from twelve to fif-
teen millions of dollars annually; I am confident
that it will save more than a million of dollars per
month; therefore I am anxious that it shall go
through to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. As an illustration of the injus-
tice of the application of thisten per cent, principle,
I will allude to the case of chaplains in the vol-
unteer service as compared with captains of cav-
alry. By the bill which we passed at the extra
session, we authorized the appointment of chap-
lains for the volunteer portion of the Army, and
we fixed their compensation, making it the same
as that of captains of cavalry, some eighteen or
nineteen hundred dollars in amount per annum.
The other day, after a debate in the Senate, theii
salaries were fixed by a vote of the body at $1,200,
to which they are to be reduced from eighteen or
nineteen hundred dollars. .Now, it is proposed
to take ten per cent, from the salaries of these
officers; ten per cent, from the captains of cavalry
and ten percent, from the chaplains, each of whom,
at the extra session of Congress, we judged to be
entitled to the same pay, and for ought that has
been said, the pay fixed at that time for a chap-
lain as compared with a captain ot cavalry was
not too much. But we have not reduced the pay
of a captain of cavalry from $1,800 to $1,200; and
that would save very much more money, for there
are at least ten captains of cavalry to every regi-
ment, and theie is but one chaplain. If the P**y
of a chaplain was, as according to the vote of the
Senate it must be assumed to be, too much, we
ought to have reduced the pay of a captain of cav-
alry at the same time, and we should have saved
