3102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
CHARLES HENRY FOSTJBtt.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer ihe following' resolution:
Resolved, That Charles Ilenry Foster be admitted to a
seat as a Representative from the second congressional dis-
trict or North Carolina, and that lie be permitted to address
the House upon the meats ot his claim.
The SPEAKER. The Chair 1ms oncc decided
this question.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I was not aware of it.
The SPEAKER. Unless a new case be made
out, the resolution is not a question of privilege.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the resolution will
be permitted to come in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
can aslc the unanimous consent of the Houso to
introduce the resolution; hut it is not a question
of privilege. [Cries of " Object!"]
Mi-. DAWES. I would like to say a word upon
this subject, if the Chair has no objection.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair has no objection.
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is not a question of privilege.
MOTION'S TO RECONSIDER ENTERED.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I desire to enter a mo-'
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
on yesterday ordered the report of the Secretary
of War, accompanied by a communication from
General Hunter, to bo printed.
The mi • tion was entered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to cuter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which (he lull to change
the place of holding the eireilit and district com ts
of the United States in the district of West Ten-
nessee was yesterday referred to the Committee
on tho Judiciary.
The motion was entered.
GENERAL HUNTER'S L15TTER.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Kentucky [Air. Wickmffe] was absent at-
tending a secession meeting when General Hun-
ter's reply to his resolution was received, I wish
to aslc tho consent, of ihc House that that reply
may be read again this morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. WiCKLlKFE. I do not want it read for
my benefit. I intend to answer it at the proper
time.
W. MAXWI51.L WOOD.
The House then resumed the consideration of
theunfimshed business of yesterday, benign joint
resolution (H. It.No. 90) repotted fiom the Com-
mittee on lNav.il Allans, relative to the claim of
W, Maxwell Wood, the ponding question being
on Mr. Fenton's motion to iefei the said joint
resolution to tin; Committee of Claims.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew Ins motion. j
The question recurred on ordering the joint res* ]
oluuon to be engrossed and read a third time. ;
Mr. IIOLMA N. The previous qu< stion being j
pending, this subject hi not open to debate, but'
I ask that tho report m this case made to the last
Congress and the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy may be read.
The SPEAKER. The report is in the nature
of debate, and after the main question has been
ordered it can only be read by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. i ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy may be read.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection it
will be lend.
Mr. BABBITT. I object. It has been read
once. Jt was read yesterday.
Mr. HOLMAN.* Then, since the gentleman
objects to the reading of tho report, I move to lay
tho joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. BABBITT. I object merely because it has
been read once.
The SPEAKER. The report accompanying
the resolution made to the last Congress has not
been read.
Mr. BABBITT. I have no objection to the
reading of that.
Air. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLUAiS. 1 now ask for the reading of
the letter of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Cieik rend the letter.
The joint lesolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a thud time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afliimative— yeas 61, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Aldrieh, Alton, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt,
Iiiitiy, lUtldlc, Bingham. Samuel S. Blah, Blake, Bufi'mton,
Cri>field, Cutler, Dawe^, Duetl, Edward^ Eliot, Ely, Fes-
sfimlen, Fouko, Goodwin, Giauger, Ilaight, Hale. Kclley,
William Kellogg, K'-rnsait, Law, Loomis, Lovejoy. Low,
McPhereon, May, Maynaidi Mooihead, Anson P. Moinil,
Justin fcl. Moinil, Norton, Nugen, Patton, John ILRieo,
ItielumLon, Robni'-ou, Saigcnt, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks,
Sheiman, ShieL Shvm, Stevens, Tiain, Trimble, Trow-
budgc, Venco, Vibbard, Vooihees, Wabliburnc, Albert S.
White, Wicklitfi;, and Wood—Gl.
NAYS—Mo^rs. Baker, Beaman, William G. Brown,
Calveit, Campbell, Ca^cy, Chambeilni, Claik, Clements,
Cobb, Coilax, Fredcnek A. Conklmg, Ro*coe Conklnig,
<'ornmg, Craven^, Oavi^, Diven, DunUip, English, Fenton,
Fisher, Fiauk,Glider,Gurlev, Hardin?, Ho) man, Hntehms,
Julian, Fiancis W. Ivcllog"', Lansing, Malloiy, Menzies,
Morns, John S. Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Sliella-
baicfcr, Spauldoe,', Jehu B. Steele, William G. Steele,
StiliN, V.ut Horn, Van ValkQtiburgli, Wall, Walton,
Wheeler, Wilson, Window, and Woodrufi—50.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the i oil-call,
Mr. MoPIZERSON stated that Mr. Dunn was
absent from the House, in attendance upon a com-
mittee of conference.
The result of tl«3 vote having been announced
as above lecorded, the Speaker proceeded to call
the committees for reports.
ADVERSE REPORT.
On motion of Mr. BABBITT, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged ftom the further
consideration of the memorial of Cliailes Henry
Foster, commissioner from loyal citizens of Norm
Carolina, praying the passage of a bill providing
for the immediate resumption, under suitable regu-
lations, of commercial intercourse between the peo-
ple of the North Carolina coast which is within
the national military lines, and the people of the
northern States; and the same was laid on upon
the table.
HARBOR OP ERIE, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BABBITT, from the. Committee on Com-
merce,reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, bill of the House (No. 169) making an
appropriation for the preservation and improve-
ment of the harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, oidered to be printed.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS IX WISCONSIN.
Mr. POTTER, from tho Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with a lecommendation that
it do pass, Senate- bill No. 307, to grant the rijfht
of preemption to settlers on certain lots in Wis-
consin .
The bill was read. It directs the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause a survey to
be made of that portion of lots numbered ten and
eleven, lying east of the river Au Diahle, in town-
ship twenty-three north, of range twenty-one east,
in the State of Wisconsin, and which portion was
not embraced by the confirmatory provisions of
the act of Congress approved February 21, 1823,
entitled "An act to revive and continue in force
certain acts for the adjustment of land claims in
the Territory of Michigan."
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
P0BL1C LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. POTTER also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, House hill No.5:29,concermngcertain lands
heretofore granted to the State of Iowa. The bill
duects that the five sections of land granted to the
State of Iowa by the third subdivision of section
six of the act supplemental to the act for the ad-
mission of the States of Iowa and Florida into the
Union, nppro\ed March 3, 1845, shall be released
and discharged from the limitation contained in
said section; and permits the General Assembly
of tho State of Iowa to make such disposition of
said lands as may he deemed best for the interests
of said State.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin inform the House what is the limita-
tion in the act referred to ?
Mr. POTTER. In reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, I desire to state that at the time of the
admission of Iowa, a grant of five sections of land
was made to enable the State to erect public build-
ings at the capital. The public buildings of the
State of Iowa have been erected at other places
besides the capital, and now it is desired on the
part of the State that the limitation shall be re-
moved in order that it may avail itself of the benefit
of the grant. These are the facts in regard to the
matter.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and rend
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREEMPTION CLAIMS.
Mr. POTTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill in relation to preemption claims,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs that as prerequisites for the
admission of entry or location under the preemp-
tion laws it shall be shown by proof, to the satis-
faction of the register and receiver, that the pre-
emptor's settlement, cultivation, and residence,
had continued for twelve months from the date of
such settlement; and a party desiring to take an
appeal from the decision of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, is required to take such
appeal within twelve months from the date of
the leception of such decision at the distiict land
office, and such appeal must be accompanied by
the affidavit of the appellant showing that it is not
made, for delay or vexation, and stating the alleged
errors of law. or of fact. The third section pro-
vides that no public lands shall be exposed for sale
by proclamation of the President, unless the same
has been surveyed, and the survey has been duly
filed for six years or more before such sale,provided
that whenever the President ascertains that any
township or townships of the public lauds are min-
eral or pine-timbered lands, he may at his discre-
tion proclaim such township of land for sale as
now provided by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. POTTER also, from the same committee,
reported hack joint resolution (S. No. HO) author-
izing the State of Minnesota to change the line
of certain branch railroads in said State, and for
other purposes, with a substitute.
The substitute piovidus that, in lieu of that part
of the railroad grant to Minnesota Territory by
act of Congress approved March 3, 1857, which
extends northwestwardly to the inteisection of
the tenth standard parallel with tho fourth guide
meridian, there shall be granted to the State of
Minnesota the alternate sections within six miles
of the line having its southwestern terminus at
any point of the existing line between the falls of
St. Anthony and Crow Wing, and extending to
the wateis of Lake Superior.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin whether the amount of pubhc
lands muring to the benefit of the State for this
particular railroad will be increased or diminished
by this act? *
Mr. POTTER. The amount of land will be
diminished, as the distance by the new line is
thirty miles less than by the old one.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider thq^otc by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. POTTER,-from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, House bill No. 496, to enlarge the Lake Su-
perior land district, in the State of Michigan.
The bill attaches to the Lake Superior district
all that portion of the presentSheboygan district,
