2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
. to call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Is not this a privileged
question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not so highly
privileged as ts set aside a special order. It is
ordinarily regarded as having a higher privilege
than ordinary current business; it has been so
treated generally; but there is no fixed rule or set-
tled practice upon the subject. Reports of com-
mittees of conference are generally received by
common consent. It requires a motion to post-
pone the special order.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone it. It will
take but a few minutes to dispose of this matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there bo no
objection the special order will be laid aside for
the present for the consideration of this report of
the committee of conference. The Chair hears no
objection. The Senator from Iowa will proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. I have never been in favor of
treating the District, or either of these cities, as
though they were conquered provinces. When
a question comes up that is of great national im-
portance, I am willing to regard the interests and
the feelings of my own constituents; but in a mat-
ter local interest like this,it seems to me that,
in the condition in which they are, without rep-
resentatives, without any voice or any vote on this
floor, it is their right to expect, and it is our duty
to grant, a good deal of consideration to their
views, especially in relation to a matter of this
kind. By the introduction of our water, which,
it is true, is partially for their benefit, but much
more for our benefit, we have imposed on them
the necessity for a very extensive and expensive
system of sewerage. This city will be eumpeHed,
during the next twelvemonths, to embaik in that
enterprise,and to expend a large amountof money j
in it; and that is one reason to my apprehension
why we ought to regard especially the condition
of their finances, and grant to this corporation just
such a cliaiter as will enable it to realize reason-
able profits and provide that whatever may be re-
alized over that sum should go into the treasuries
of the two cities.
Some gentleman, last evening-, interested in this
railroad, took the trouble to send to me, and I
suppose he lias sent to others, a letter for tile pur-
pose of influencing my mind—a letter signed by
E. II. Derby, of Boston, addressed to the mem-
bers of the General Assembly of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, at its last session, when it was pro-
posed to impose, as he denominated it, burdens
upon the horse railroads in Boston arid vicinity;
and I wish to explain for a single moment the po-
sition he takes, in order that gentlemen may not
be misled by a casual reading of the letter. He
says that those burdens ought not to be imposed
upon those horse railroads for three reasons: fust,
because the amount of transportation has been
greatly diminished in consequence of the war; sec-
ond, because they only receive now between three
and four cents, a little over three cents a passen-
ger; and third, because they are compelled to come
in competition with omnibuses. Neither of these
circumstances occurs here. Instead of the war de-
creasing the amount of transportation here, it has
increased and will continue to increase it. You
have already established, during this session, I
know not how many additional offices, and have
authorized the appointment of an innumerable
host of officers, and any gentleman who supposes
that we are going to get rid of them when the war
is over is most egregiously mistaken. The very
fact that this' war exists, and that it has been car-
ried on as successfully as it has been, is going to
causc Washington and Georgetown to be what the
founder of them expected and desired that they
should be—great metropolitan cities. Mr. Derby
says:
"In Boston, our chiefliue, (lie Metropolitan, of which I
am president, carries pa^scrigorri by eomract with tiie city
tvvoand a quarter miies, tor three arid fifty-seven iiumiiefitlH
ot a cent, by tickets issued at uventv-ei<*ht for the dollar,
aria besides this"— "
Mark it—
" ®S,oop tliU year for paving, and S4.000 for watering
streets, and last year divided but bis per cent."
That company paid $10,000, as a bonus, for
watt-ring the streets and for paving the streets, j
We make no such requirement of this company
here; and yetthis letter is distributed amon"-Vctl.
tie men of the Senate and Hoase of Representa-
tives to influence us, to convince us that this com-
pany ought not to be required to pay any portion
of its proceeds to the city corporation.
My next objection to this bill is that in the tenth
section it declares that the capital stock of the
company shall be not less than $300,000, nor more
than $500,000. The Senate upon two several oc-
casions, I think, has decided that there is no ne-
cessity for such an amountof stock,and certainly
we ought not to incorporate that provision into
the bill. I call the special attention of the Senate
to the tenth section in connecton with the fifteenth
section. The fifteenth section has been amended
by the conference committee so as to read:
That within five days after the passage of this act, the
corporators named in the fust section, or a majority of them,
or if any refuse 01 neglect to .act, then a majority of the re-
mainder, shall cause books of subscription to the capital
stock of said company to be opened and kept open in some
convenient and accessible place in the city of Washington,
from nine o'clock in the forenoon till five o'clock in the
afternoon, for a period to be fixed by said corporators, not
less than two day.", and said coiporatois shall give public
notice, by advertisement in the daily papers published m
the city of Washington, of the time when and the place
wheie said books shall be opened, and subscriber upon said
books to the capital stock of the company shall be held to
be stockholders: Provided, That every subscriber shall pay,
at the time of subscribing, twenty-five per cent, of the
amount by him subscribed—
Now, I ask you to see how they are to pay it—
to the treasurer appointed by the corporators, or his sub-
sciipuon shall be null and void.
The Senate decided, upon mature consideration,
that fifteen per cent, was enough to be paid, and
for the reason that a great many men who desired
to take stock in this road probably were not in
affluent circumstances, and had not their money
in such a condition as to pay over immediately
twenty-five per cent, of the amount they desired
to take.
If, at the end of two days, a larger amount than the capi-
tal -stock of said company shall huvo boon subscribed—
Now, what is a larger amount than the capital
stock? Is if. §300,000 or f500,000? You have
already created these men corporators. You have
already said that those corporators may make this
a kind of rolling amount, either §300,000 or
$500,000. If, at the expiration of two days,
§300,000 have been subscribed, then the men
enumerated in your bill have the power to fix the
amount at $350,000, or $400,000, or $500,000, and
thus secure, tlnough their own means and their
own agents, the entire control of the company by
taking the additional amount of $200,000, or what-
ever portion of it may be necessary, in order to
secure the entire amount of $500,000:
If, at the end of two days, a larger amount than the capi-
tal stock of said company shall have been subscribed, the
books shall lx- closed, and the said corporators, named in
the tir«t section, shall forthwith proceed to apportion said
capital stock among the subscribers prorate, and make pub-
lic pioclamation of the number of shares allotted to each,
which shall be done and completed on the same day that
the books are closed.
Here is the way in which it is to be paid:
Provided, further, That nothing shall he received in pay-
ment of the twenty-five per cent, at the time of subscribing
except money, or checks, or certificates of deposit indorsed
" good/' by ilie president or cashier of some good solvent
bank or banks.'5
Now, I want to know why this last clause was
inserted ? Why was it necessary to say that bank
checks, indorsed by some banks up in Minnesota
or in Louisiana or Texas or in Maine should be
received in payment of this stock? JNobody knows
what may be their standard; nobody knows
whether they have charters or not; nobody knows
whether they pay specie or not; nobody knows
what may be the difference in exchange between
the places where the certificates are issued and
the city of Washington. Take my own State,
forinstance. The difference in exchange ordina-
rily between the State of Iowa and some of these
eastern cities is two or three per cent. Suppose
I go to these corporators and put down my sub-
scription for $10,000 of stock, and pay for it in a
check on the bank in my town. I really pay but
ninety-seven cents on the dollar; whereas a citi-
zen of the District, who pays in money on the
spot, pays dollar for dollar for the amount of
stock that he subscribes. I ask, is it right that
we should incorporate such a provision into this
bill? I thought that this Government had long
ago declared that it would have nothing to do with
banks; and yet here the first opportunity we have,
we set the example; we say to the country and
to thecuizenshere thatanon-residcntfrom abroad
shall havea privilege over the citizens, inasmuch
as the citizen of the District will pay in money,
whereas a person from abroad who chooses to
subscribe and pay in a check may pay in that
which may be a par value, or he may pay in that
which will only approximate to par value. These
are some of the reasons why I am opposed to the
adoption of this report. I "do not think it is just
to the District.
Let me say another word. There is no, man
in this Senate, or in Congress, or in this District,
who is more willing and anxious to procure the
building of a railroad in the District than I am. At
an early day in the session I introduced a bill into
the Senate, which passed,and which was accept-
able to everybody. Had it been adopted by the
House of Representatives, we should have had
the railroad built long ago. But instead of that,
they chose to send us another bill, a bill which I
believe was objectionable to everybody in this end
of the Capitol. We have tried to make a good
bill in place of it. This is" a reasonably fair bill.
I do not object to it except in the particulars which
I have specified. I thought that I could get a sep-
arate vote upon these different propositions, and
have it then referred to another committee. I now
learn by the decision of the Chairthat that is im-
practicable, and therefore there is no other alterna-
tive left to me but to vote against this report, and
then ask for another conference committee, so
as to obviate these three objections that I have
pointed out. That is all I have to say.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think, upon a careful
examination of the objections, and of the bill as
reported from the committee of conference, that
there is any valid objection to it; and with all
respect- 
Mr, DAYIS. Will the Senator from Maine
permit me to ask him and the Senator from Iowa
for some information ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. DAYIS. I was on this committee of con-
ference, without having any knowledge of the
interests of the District, or of the peculiar laws
that regulate the affairs of the District, to qualify
me for serving in that position. I therefore went
very much in the dark in the performance of these
duties. From my own inadvertence, too, I was
not present at the first meeting of the committee
of conference, and only acted upon the second
meeting. I acted upon one idea, which induced
me to consent to the report of the committee, and
I want someinformation in relation to that point.
If I acted upon a mistaken idea, I should be to-
tally opposed to the report-of the committee. I
will premise, too, that there were some features
in the projet agreed upon by the committee of con-
ference that did not receive my entire approba-
tion; still, I was willing to yield my objections to
them. In the first place, I thought that the amount
of capital should not exceed $300,000. In the
second place, I thought that the amount to be paid
in upon subscription was too large, and that one
consequence of it would be to engross the stock
in the hands of a few capitalists who had imme-
diate command of the money necessary to be paid
in upon subscription. 1 preferred that the per
centum that should be required to be paid should
be fifteen per cent.; but I was disposed to yield on
that point. I agreed with the committee that the
tax upon the corporation of three per cent, gross
should be stricken out upon this idea: that that
would leave the right of taxation to the city cor-
poration without any limit. I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the laws that regulate this Dis-
trict to know whether there is any restriction upon
the power of taxation by the corpoiation that
would require the rate of taxation on the prop-
erty of this corporation to be uniform with the
amount of taxation on other property or not.
Mr. GRIMES, ft must be uniform.
Mr. DAVIS. When I assented to this report,
and especially to the provision that struck out the
rate of three percent, tax upon the gross receipts
of the corporation, it was upon the idea that it
left a general discretionary power with the corpo-
ration to tax, at any rate they pleased, the amount
of capital incorporated, or the amount of receipts,
cither gross or net, or any other mode of taxation
the corporation might choose to take, and any
amount they pleased. If I am mistaken in that
idea, and the position assumed by the Senator
fiom Ohio that, by striking out this specific tax-
ation, the receipts to the corporation would be
reduced from $6,000 to some six or eight hundred
