160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
gomery and others, citizens of Black Hawk coun-
ty, Iowa, praying for the location of a national
armory at Rock Island, Illinois; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of H. F. Thomas
and others, citizens of Pleasant Valley, Scott
county, Iowa, praying the location of a national
armory at Rock Island, Illinois; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of E.
Schroeter and others, German citizens of Boston,
Massachusetts, praying that measures be adopted
to secure the freedom of the press against all un-
constitutional interference of the Administration,
and to prohibit all suppression of the liberty of
the mails; which was refeired to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition ofOliverP.Drury
and others, citizens of Cass county, Michigan,
praying the total abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Samuel H.
Peekham and others, citizens of the State of Mas-
sachusetts,praying theabohtion of slavery; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of N. M. Merritt
and others, citizens of Massachusetts, for the abo-
lition of slavery throughout the country; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Alnnson Ham-
ilton and others, citizensof West Brookfield,Mas-
sachusetts, for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of
Major Llewellyn Jones, first cavalry, praying to
be restored to the active list, and for his proper
rank and date; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Samuel
Townsend and others, citizens of Louisa county,
Iowa, praying the passage of a law by Congress
establishing a national armory at Rock Island,
Illinois; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of L. B.Richard-
son and others, citizens of IVortii English, Iowa,
praying the passage of a law by Congress estab-
lishing a national armory at Rock Island, Illinois;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Ho also presented the petition of J. CI. Buffing-
ton, sr., and others, citizens of Louisa county,
Iowa, praying the passage of a law by Congress
establishing a national armory at Rock Island,
Illinois; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of William
Scott, jr., and others, citizens of Rome, Iowa,
praying the passage of a law by Congress estab-
lishing a national armory at Rock Island, Illinois;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Isaac
Vanderpoel, late United States Army pension
agent at Albany, New York, praying compensa-
tion for his services; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of A.
H. Morrison and one hundred and fifty others,
citizens of Michigan, praying for the abolition of
slavery; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of William M.
Sullivan and others, of Jackson county, Michi-
gan, praying for the abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Samuel D.
Moore and others, citizensof Washtenaw county,
Michigan, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also piesented the petition of Henry Mallory
and others, citizcns of Barry county, Michigan,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country, which was referred to the Committee ii
on the Judiciary. :I
He also presented the petition of John S. Van |
Brunt and others, citizensof Barry county, Mich- i
igan, praying for the abolition of slavery through- '
out the country; which was referred to the Com- 1
mitlee on the Judiciary. j1
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich- ':
igan, piaying for an exchange of piisonei's; which
was refei rrd to the Committee on Military Affairs 11
and the Militia. I]
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. NicoLAY,hisSecretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 21st instant, an act (S. No. 82) to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy.
MESSAGE FKOM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Robert Morris, chief clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill and
joint resolution, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 165) making an appropriation for
completing the defenses of Washington; and
A joint resolution (No. 23) giving the thanks
of Congress to Colonel James A. Mulligan and
the officers and men under his command for their
heroic defense of Lexington, Missouri.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 20) expres-
sive of the recognition by Congress of the gallant
and patriotic services of the late Brigadier Gen-
eral Lyon and the officers and soldiers under his
command at the battle of Spiingfield, Missouri;
which thereupon received the signature of the Vice
President.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion, of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers in relation to the
ciaim of John EgenoH to a California wai bond, on the files
of tile Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message of
the President of the United States, transmitting
papers relative to the requirements necessary to
enable citizens of the United States who wish to
be exhibitors at the industrial exhibition to be held
at London in 1862, moved that the message and
accompanying papers be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was refeired the bill (H. R.
No. 149) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June ,1863, reported
it back, without amendment, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, repoited a bill (S. No, 123) to extend the
provisions of the act of August 4, 1855, entitled
" An act to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads,"&c., for the term of five years, and
to amend the same; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
GUNBOATS I1'Oil THE WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
155) making an appropriation for gun boats on the
western rivers, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that if be passed at once. It is important,
especially in view of the fact that we may adjourn
for some days, that it be acted on at once
Mr. KING and Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the letter from Gen-
eral Meigs accompanying it be read.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It appropriates $1,000,000 for gunboats
on the western rivers.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Quartermaster General's Office,
W'ajshimiron City, December r>} l£6l.
Sir: 1 respectfully call j our aitcntiun to tin; propriety of
eaily piovi->ibn to meet the expense of eons-trueting the
armed flotilla on the western livers.
Undei the appropilationf, amounting to $1,300,000, for
yunboat^ on ti)'j \\c>torn uver&, made by Congre^ at its
Kist -p-moi), f was dnected to coutiact lor ?even gunboats.
The plans of the>e vessels had been prepaied bv a naval
con.-'t.uelor, .-[leciully a>sjgn^d to that duty by the Navy
Depaihnent. Ptopo.-als wete invited by advertisement, and
it wn-s concluded that the building, equipment, and maiu-
tenain-'' of Miven or' these boats, with pauncnt for three
uih<-i gunboats, then in beiviee3 would exhaust the anmo-
pnntjon. li
The general commanding the department of the \Ve>t
oidered, ot St. Loui-. the construe..on ot a fleet ot mostar-
boats. and ot bcvetal fu^-boats. to be used with them, and 11
the put chase and alteiauou into gunboats of two river ji
steameM. rhe " New Faa" and tike{i Submarine." All these ii
were ordered by him in addition to those provided lor by
the quartermaster's department.
Under his order?, some money remitted to the quarter
master at St. Louis for othei puiposes has been paid upon
the contracts for this flotilla.
The officeis of thequarterma&ter'sdepartmentwhohavc
expended this money weie bound by the oiders of the gen-
eral commanding in the department, and should be protected
from pecuniary liability incurred in the execution of those
orders.
While I am not called upon to express an opinion as to
the necessity for the construction of so lar^e a flotilla, I
have no doubt that the Governmerit'is bound to pay the con-
tractor's their reasonable expenditures; audi have no doubt
that if armed and equipped and well manned, the vessels
will add to the strength of the Army in the West, and con-
duce to the success of the expedition intended to open the
Mississippi.
In the annual estimate from this office 1s! an item of
$1,000,000 for gunboats on the western riveis. its earlv
appropiiation would enable the department to complete and
pay foi the boats undT construction, some of which aic in
danger of being delayed at St. Louis until the interruption
of navigation by ice.
It would lehevc those who, in good faith, expended their
labor and money upon these boats from heavy pecuniaiy
liabilities.
I am, tespoctfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster General.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to ask the chaiiman
of the Committee on Finance if the money appro-
priated by this bill is intended to covcrthe mortar-
boats?, the rafts, and the whole flotilla that has
been in process of preparation at Cairo, St. Louis,
and other points, or only to apply to those called
by General Meigs in his letter " gunboats" prop-
er? I suppose the purpose is to cover them all,
so that this money shall be appropriated for the
payment of workmen and contractors who have
been in the employment of the Government on
all these different water crafts ulike. If so, it is
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
bill follows precisely the language of the esti-
mates. The Department asked for an additional
million for the building of gunboats. The bill has
been drawn in the House of Representatives in
the language of the estimates as sent from the De-
partment. The letter which has been read from
General Meigs explains the whole thing. I see
no difficulty about it. The gunboats have been
built; but he states that a portion of the money
that was appropriated for the purpose of building
gunboats has been, under the direction of the
commanding general, applied to the purchase and
fitting up of some river steamboats as gunboats,
and also for mortar-boats. Mortar-boats carry
guns. This bill does not describe the particular
article; but I suppose the language would apply
as well to those as any others. There is no danger
of any mistake on the subject. The money will
unquestionably be applied to these boats, it is
so intended, and 1 sec no difficulty, under the lan-
guage of the bill, m applying it precisely as the
Senator desires; and I know that to be the inten-
tion, because it has been so explained. I should
think it hardly worth while to amend the bill and
send it back to the House of Representatives, be-
cause there may be some little difficulty befoic we
adjourn in getting it completed, and it is neces-
sary that it should be passed at once. If we find
that there is any difficulty about it, we can amend
it afterwards.
Mr. GRIMES. With the explanation of the
Senator that this appropriation is intended to
cover the amounts that have been expended on
any and all classes of boats composing this flo-
tilla, I am perfectly satisfied with the passage of
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HOUSES LOST AT LEXINGTON.
Mr. BROWNING. I present a resolution,
which J desire to have consideied now;
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiv AtF.il* s and the
.Militia be directed to inquire into the piopnetv ot making
compensation tor hoi<es lost bytho&e m the cavalry service
at Lt-AingUHij jYItf.-omi, and to repoit by bill or ot'lienvise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROWNING. I believe that all or nearly
all of the Illinois cavalry who were at Lexington
had supplied then- own horsed. There they'lost
them. I have had quite a number of letters from
persons who were connected with that seivice,
calling attention to this subject, and it is worthy
of consideration. They are certainly entitled to
