1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
fojr a regiment instead of $600, ten times $600. If
thte mere fact that we save money by our votes is
to be a sufficient reason for giving them, it ap-
plies with tenfold force to reducing captains* pay
rather than chaplains'; but wc reduce the chap-
Tains only, and then propose to take the same
amount—ten per cent.—from that pay, thus re-
duced one third, that we take from captains not
reduced at all.
But, Mr. President, I am not disposed to rest
my opposition to this bill on the distinct ground
that it thus does gross injustice, although 1 think
that is sufficient. I am perfectly willing to meet
distinctly what certain members assume to be the
strongpointin the bill, and that is that it reduces
the pay of members of Congress, i am perfectly
willing for one to say that I do not believe the pay
of members of Congress at the present time is
more than it ought to be; and I am not prepared
to vote for a reduction of that pay. I am per-
fectly free to avow it. It is probable I may stand
in a very small minority, possibly in one as small
as my friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] the other
day, a minority of one; but I still adhere to the
opinion. I chanced to be here at the time the pay
of members of Congress was increased. I voted
for the increase. I did not believe at that time
that the compensation was raised above what it
should be. I have not changed my opinion. I
do not think it was raised above what it should
have been"; and certainly at the present time when
the expenses of living are very greatly increased
both in this capital and at home; when the pub-
lic burdens imposed upon us are very greatly in-
creased; when the income from all property, if
members chance to have any properly, is very
greatly diminished, and when we ate paid in a
depreciated currency, that wo should diminish our
compensation, however popular or however un-
popular it may be, seems to me to he unjust. I
am not prepared to vote for it, and I am just as
ready to put my opposition to this bill on the
ground that it reduces the pay of members of
Congress as any other class. 1 will not say but
that there may be, by possibility, other portions
of the public service which are not as well paid
as members of Congress; but I must confess that
I do not know any such portion of the public ser-
vice. There is no branch of it that is not, in my
apprehension as well paid as members of Con-
gress.
In regard to the whole matter of saving money
by reducing salaries, I think we had better save
money by raising the tax. That will fall fairly
upon property. A reduction of this sort does not
fall fairly. If our present rate of taxation is not
high enough, we must raise jt, but let us pay our
publicservants a fair compensation, whether they
are in civil or military scrvice.
There is no reason why, when we are exacting
severer duty from any class of public servants,
we should diminish their compensation. That,
however, seems to be the principle of the bill, that
during the period of the existing rebellion this de-
duction shall be made. I think that instead of
doing that, we ought rather to raise their compen-
sation. We should make our compensation in
proportion to theamountof labor. This bill makes
it in the inverse ratio. In propoi lion to the amount
of labor the pay is to be diminished. That is the
principle of this hill. As my friend from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] suggests, just in proportion as
you increase the expenses necessarily incurred and
increase the amount of duty imposed, you diminish
the amount of pay by this bill. That is radically
wronginmy judgment. 1 am aware that it may be
said our service is not dangerous and that a great
many men, perhaps as learned, as wise, and as pa-
triotic as we, are ready to come here and take our
places, and serve the public for less money than we
do. lhave no doubt of it, Mr. President. Indeed,
from indications that have been made wit bin ashort
time, I am by no means prepared todeny the prop-
osition that we might possibly get very good,
wise, and honest men to serve in cither House of
Congress, at the pay proper per month of privates
in the Army. I am not prepared to vote to re-
duce my pay to that figuie, although my scat
might be filled by a nidri who would fill it better
than I do, at that price or even less. I can only
say that while I have had a seat in Congtess my
income has been less than it was when! was at ;
home earning my bread by labor, and I am pre- !
pared to go to work again and earn my living in an !
honest way if I can; but while I am here in the
performance of a public duty, I am not prepared
to reduce my compensation, by my own vote at
at least, below what I deem to be a fair compen-
sation. Other gentlemen may think our compen-
sation is a great deal too much, and may be dis-
posed to reduce it. Of course, I have no fault to
find with their opinions. I can only say that so
far as members of Congress are concerned, we
ought to be worth the money that is paid us; and
if we arc not, I must say that I do not think we
ought to remain in positions involving so import-
ant duties and responsibilities.
In regard to the military and naval service, I do
not believe that the pay as it is now fixed by law
is greater than it should be, at least in time of war.
No doubt there are abuses, and that by certain
constructions of different laws certain officers get
compensation greater than the law intended and
greater perhaps than they ought to have; but I be-
lieve that the great mass of those who serve in the
Army and Navy are not paid beyond the amount
which is fair and reasonable for this Government
to pay those who are engaged in the duties which
they are called to perform. At all events, Mr.
President, it seems to me to be a most unfortunate
time, just as we are bringing men to the mouth of
the cannon, and putting their lives m peril, for us
to say, we will take off ten per cent, of your pay
before going into battle. If may be that it would
stimulate patriotism to call upon men to fight for
nothing. I introduced a bill a short time since,
and it was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, to authorize the President to appoint
proper persons who might volunteer to serve on
staff appointments in the Army without pay; and
I thought, and slill think, that there were a great
many persons who would serve the countiy vcty
efficiently and gallantly on those terma. The bill
provides for their appointment and commission,
giving them the rank of officers of the Army to
perform staffduty—notto command troops—with-
out pay, and that their commissions should so
specify. It does not seem to meet with favor; at
all events, it has not been reported back by the
Committee on Military Affairs, although I believe
the chairman of rhe committee is in favor of the
bill. Still, a proposition to allow men, who are
willing to do so, to fight for nothing, does not seem
to be acceptable.
While we adopt the principle of making com-
pensation, I say let our compensation be a rea-
sonable and a just one, and in time of war let it
be a liberal one, and cut down when peace comes,
if we cut down at all. When this war is over,
there will be vastly more necessity for reducing
the pay ofull men, either in civil or military ser-
vice, than there is now. If we have not the pecun-
iary ability to keep our Army in the field and our
Navy upon the ocean at the present time, and pay
a just and reasonable compensation, we had better
slop where we are, abolish compensation alto-
gether, and appeal to the patriotism of the people
to defend the country at their own expense—far
wiser, far better. Then we should know wheie
we stood, and I believe wu should have a tolera-
bly efficient force even on that basis; but till wo
come to that, I must, for one, insist upon, not a
prodigal di.sbui seinent of the public money, but
a just, economical, and, I will add, liberal com-
pensation to all those who servo on the land or
on the ocean in war, and not to cut down the pay
even in the civil service below what is just and
fair.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut opposes these provisions of
the bill, although his vote was given the other day
to retain them m it. I believe the vote of the Sen-
ate then was, with two exceptions, in favor of
the \ery provisions to which opposition is made
this morning. However, every man has a light
to a sober second thought, and 1 suppose Senators
have that right. 1 see that there is to be opposi-
tion to these sections of the bill. I am anxious
that the bill shall be passed. I think it would
have saved more than a million of dollars if it had
I been passed promptly when it was first intro-
i duced. From beginning to end, it is a bill to save
; money; to cut off unnecessary expenditures. I
do not ai^iee with Senatois in iegaid to the pros-
J ent position of affairs. I think now is our time
! to reduce all unnecessary expenses, and to cut
; down large salaries. S«r. we have an Army that I
I costs us more in one month than the army of i
England in the Russian war cost in a year. It is
paid four or five times higher than any army in
the world. The sections of the bill proposed to
be stricken outdo not touch the rank and file,and
were never intended to reach them; but they apply
to the officers, and require them, during the pres-
ent contest, to make some reduction, some con-
tribution. If we are in danger from any quarter,
I think it is in regard to our finances. We owe
millions of dollars to-day. There are forty or fifty
millions of dollars now owing in the War Office of
this country not paid. But, sir, if these provis-
ions are to encounter opposition, if Senators are
to change the position they held the other day, if
they desire to put these sections on some other
bill, or try this question in some other form, I
prefer to let them go rather than to hold this bill
with the provisions that are in it, which I know
will correct abuses, here in the Senate, day after
day, unacted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regret very much to hear
what has fallen from the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I believe the majority of the Senate are in
favor of these sections. 1 do not want to discuss
them any more if we can have a vote. He may
be induced to abandon them here upon the ground
that they may be put upon some other bill; but
if he docs, I venture the prediction that they will
not bo put on any other bill or be carried. We
might just as well adhere to them here and let a
majority of the Senate determine the question
whether we shall make this reduction or not.
Why, sir, the price of everything has gone
down, and I think a reduction of ten percent, now
on our salary makes it equivalent to what it was
one year ago. I think we mightas well adopt this
reduction now as at any other time. It will save
a very large sum of money, and it will be a con-
tribution by the public officers, all of whom can
bear the reduction better than your citizens. The
compensation and salary of the great body of the
people of this country, the West especially, ac-
cording to the statistics, is between four and five
hundred dollars. That is the limit of an ordinary
farmer. There is scarcely a person affected by
this bill but who receives a salary or compensation
ranging from $600 to $25,000. A reduction of ten
per cent, on their salary, although a very large
sum, is certainly oppressive to nobody, and the
j eduction is only to last during thr present rebel-
lion. When the rebellion is over, 1 hope we shall
be able to systematize salaries and adopt a better
system.
As I said here the other day, [ am opposed to
this general reduction. I do not think itis fair or
just ordinarily, and if we had time now to take up
the bill before us and adopt a new system of pay,
equalizing this reduction, making it greater on
higher salaries and less on smaller ones, then I
should be glad to abandon these sections and adopt
the other mode; but 1 know that is impossible.
We spent the morning hour the other day in de-
bating whether we could dispense with one of our
clerks, and if so which one, and as to whether
cither should be dispensed with. We know very
well that we cannot now, in the midst of warand
excitement, legislate on bills that requne a great
number of details. We must take a general prin-
ciple even if it works injustice. I hope, therefore,
that these sections will be adhered to and adopted
by the Scnnte, and that the Senate will at least
givcthe House an oppoitunity to acton them.
If flie House refuse to adopt them, then we can
abandon them, and then it will be time enough
to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. In addition to what the
Senator from Ohio has said in regard to the reduc-
tion of compensation all over the United States, I
will say that in all the large cities and towns in
the United States, as 1 am informed, the reduction
on rents amounts to more than twenty-five per
cent. All salaries, all rents, all profits and ex-
penses have fallen. Wo ask the whole people to
contribute to the expenses of this war; we ask
them, notwithstanding this great dopieciation in
their annual receipts, to submit to large and heavy
taxation; and is it just, is it honest,"for us, Sen-
ators and Representatives, Governmentemployes,
receiving Jaige compensation, when the expenses
of living have diminished, to attempt to shift this
burden hom ourseh es upon a people already over-
burdened by depreciation in consequence of this
war r I hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
insist upon these particular provisions, and I call
