1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3103
in the State of Michigan, lying west of Lake
Michigan and south of the line dividing townships
forty-one and forty-two north, including St. Mar-
tin 's and the adjacent islands, now forming part
of the Sheboygan district, and subject to sale at
Traverse City, in said State. The second section
provides that, tho act is not to take effect until
three months after the date of its approval.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. POTTER, also, from the same committee,
reported a joint icsolution explanatory of a cer-
tain resolution approved June 2, 1862; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution enacts that the actof Con-
gress, approved June 2, 1862, for the survey of
grants or claims of land, shall be construed as cx-
tendingonly to such grants or claims as have been
finally confirmed underthe authority of the United
States, and that in the case of any such confirmed
grant now unaided by survey, the same shall be
held complete only after the locus shall have been
ascertained by actual survey made and approved
under existing laws and regulations.
Mr. POTTER. The original resolution was a
Senate resolution, ^hicli also passed the House.
The construction which the Committee on Public
Lands put upon it, was the construction as stated
in this resolution; but the Commissioner of ihe
General Land Office was fearful that it might bear
another construction,and might cause conflicts of
title under certain circumstances. Ho therefore
recommended the passage of this explanatory
resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN RAILROAD GItANT.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I ask the consent of the
House to have the joint resolution (H. R. No.
83) relative to a certain grant of land for railroad
purposes, made to the Slate of Michigan in 1856,
taken from ihe Speaker's table, in order to have a
verbal amendment of the Senate concurred in.
There being no objection, tiie joint lesolution
was taken up, and the,amendment concurred in.
CARMACK & KAMSKY.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back Senate joint
resolution No. 89, in lelation to (he claim of'Cai-
mack & Ramsey, with the following amendment;
Strike our all alter the resolving clause, and insert us
follows :
That ihe Fii-t ('ompti oiler of the Treasury having, on the
Hill of August, decided that nothing was dm; to Car-
mack Sc. R.iinsev under the conditional contiact referred to
In the sixth section of the act making appropriation? foi the
service of the Post Office Department, apptoved August IB,
1853, and the said Carmack & Ramsey having no claim in
law or equity for damages underpaid alleged conditional
contiact, the said sixth section of the act approved August
18, 18jG, ift heieby repealed. '
Mr. COLFAX. As this joint resolution in-
volves a very large amount of money, the Com-
mit tee on the Post Office and Post Roads have given
it the gravest consideration at several meetings
held by them; and, for the purpose of enabling
the House to act intelligently upon the subject,!
propose to make a brief statement of the facts out
of which the claim has arisen.
The joint resolution of the Senate authorizes
an appropriation not exceeding $180,000. The
amount originally claimed by the parties was '
nearly two million dollars. j
Mr. HOLMAN. Will mycolleaguestateunder !
what law the claim of these parties arises? '
Mr. COLFAX. If my colleague will permit j
me, 1 wiU state the whole matter in detail. If gen- \
tlemcn will send for volume five, Executive Doc- I
uments of 1858-59, they will find all the papers |
of this case, covering some two hundred printed i
pages.
Mr. Speaker, a very large number of persons j
seem to be interested in this claim, a larger mini- (
ber, judging from the persons who have called on
various members of the Post Office Committee in
reference to it, than often occurs in reference to
any private claim; and this induced the commit-
tee to give to it even more than their usual con-
sideration. The facts are these; by tho act of
March 3, 1851, the Postmaster General was au-
thorized to make arrangements for transporting,
through any foreign country, mails of the United
States running fiom and to any point in the Uni-
ted States. The act authorized the Postmaster
General to select the speediest, safest, and most
economical route, subject to revocation when a
better route should be found, with fail indemnity
to contractors.
Under this act, in 1852, under Mr. Fillmore's
administration, Postmaster General Hall, after ex-
amining into the various routes proposed across
the continent to the Pacific, was inclined to favor
a route across the central portion of the republic
of Mexico, from Vera Cruz, via Acapulco, to San
Francisco, and advertised for proposals, under
which a conditional contract was subsequently
made with Carmack & Ramsey to transport the
mails by this route for four years. I am endeav-
oring to state these facts with perfect impartiality
both to tho claimants and to the Government, so
that the House may have correct information as
to the nature and circumstances of the claim.
Before any contract had been made, Mr. Hall
went out of office, having been appointed United
States district judge, and was succeeded by Mr.
Hubbard, of Connecticut, as Postmaster General.
Mr. Hubbard accepted the proposal of Carmack
& Ramsey, and made a conditional contiact with
them to carry the mails from Vera Cruz, via Aca-
pulco, to San Francisco twice a month for four
years, at$424,000a year, amounting to $1,696,000
in the aggregate. The contract, however, con-
tained this condition:
" And it is hereby finther expre-^Iv understood that this
contiact it- to have no iorec oi validity until it sJiall have
i eceived the saiu ttou of i ho Connie-? of the IJmied State*
by the parage of an appiopiiaiiuu to cany n into elfuet."
On the 15th of February, 1853, the contract was
dated, and signed by Postmaster General Hub-
bai d on the 3d of March, the last day of Ins term.
He, however, continued to act as Postmaster
General until the 7th or 8th of March, when Mr.
Campbell, his successor, took possession of the
office under Mr. Pierce's administration.
On the 15th of June, the Mexican Ocean Mail
Company notified Postmaster General Campbell
that Carmaek & Ramsey had assigned the con-
tract to them;
u The position that our company sustains to the Govern-
ment (as the wcrl faitiet by contract) to execute the mail
contracts with Ilam-ey & O.umack. icndeis u propei that
the Po-t Office Department should be advised of the Mate
ol foiwaidness on the pait ot the contractors to fulfill these
eontiacts."
On the 9th of July, before any sessicyi of Con-
gress had convened, and before any opportunity,
therefoie, had occurred for Congress to approve
the contiact, Postmaster Geneial Campbell le-
phed to these pai ties that he entirely disapproved
the contract. He says;
Post Office JHi'AitTMf.NT, July 9, 135'i.
vSir: Your lettei ot the 15th ultimo eame duly to hand.
M.v attention having been specially called to the eucuin-
htiincesconnected with the contemplated l.ne oi the i'acihe,
via Vein Ci t z and Acapulco, J tool it my duty, aftei due de-
liberation, to mlotiu you that the conditional contiact cn-
teied into between my predece?soi, Mr. llubbaui, and
Messrs. Ramsey & Cainiaek, lot the conveyance of the
mads over this line to San Pisiueisco, does not meet with
my appiobation.
In the fii^t place, a? at piesent advised, I consider the
tottto impracticable tor mail putpoi=e-?.
In tiic second place, the sums of money yearly drawn
from theTiea-my tor contracts, which have for soveial
years been, and aie ^tdl in knee, foi the tiaiisportntion of
the mails between the Atlantic and the Pacific, aie very
considerable, amounting to aboutbeven huiKitedand thirtv-
one thousand einht hundred and sixty-eight dollar In
view of the-o fact-, and of the many t-cctions and neigh-
borhoods in the different States which are either gieatly
icstrieted in, or dcpjived altogether of mail tacilities,it ap-
peals to ine both inexpedient and unjust to go into the ex-
penditure of a «tiii further sum of $424,000 tor the service
in question.
Moreover, I disapprove of the principle upon which this
contract ih made. In my opinion, n' the Po-.tma-.ter Gen-
et al lias the right to make such a contiact at all, it ought to
be made without the icuiiction or limitation contained in
youi>, by which its foiee oi validity is made to depend upon
the passage of an apptopuation by Confess to cany it into
effect. I am unwilling to lecognize any contingency of this
kind, because, although the eontiactors may, under such
conditional arrangement, es-tabh&h no legal claim lot com-
pensation, they rimy, neveitheiess, go on and incur ex-
penses, in the expectation that they will hn paid,and Con-
gress, more from private sympathy than from public policy
or light, be at length induced to yield to a measure to winch
its prior sanction never could have been obtained.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
Postmaster General.
Robert G. Rankin, Esq., President of the Mexico Ocean
Mail and Inland Company, New York.
This of course arrested the performance of the
terms of the contract, which was conditional upon
the approval and ratification of Congress by an
appropriation for that purpose, and Congress sub-
sequently making no appropriation, the contract
failed entirely. Thus matters remained, Mr. Car-
mack and the Mexican Mail Company protesting,
until 1856, \vhon a provision was passed in the Sen-
ate as an amendment to tho Post Office appropri-
ation bill, which I will now read, and 1 ask the
House to pay especial attention to it, as it is upon
the reading of this provision ofthelawof 185Gpiin-
ci pal I y that tho present claim to damages, as a rec-
ognized fact, is based. Congiess, in the opinion of
the committee, by this section authorized an exam-
ination of the claims of these parties for damages,
and authorized the payment of such sum as might
be found due to these parties by the Government;
but the claimants insist that the true construction
of it is, that Congress settled that there had been
damages, and had impeiatively directed the pay-
ment of whatever damages the parlies had sus-
tained. The section was carefully worded, I
think, by the fiiends of the claimants, and upon
it they base their strongest claims for damages.
The foil owing is the section which was adopted
as an amendment to the Post Office appropriation
bill of 185G:
" Sue. 6. And be it further enactcd, That the First Comp-
tioller ofthe Tteasuiy he, andhe i^hetcby, lequired to ad-
just the damage-* due to Edward II. Caimuek and AlbertC.
Ramsey on account of the abrogation, by the Postmastci
Geneiai, oftheir contract to cany the mail on Veia Cum,
Acapulco, and San Fiancisco mute, dated the loth of Feb-
liiaty, to ;ul|u:l2e and awmd to them, accoidmg to
the ptuieiplci-of law, equity, and justice, the amount ?o
touud due ; and the ^eetctaiy of the Treasury is herein* re-
quited to p.iy the j-amc to tin;said Cannack & Ramsey out
ol anv money in tln-#'i'iea-uty not othei vvi.-o appioptiatcd "
This amendment was adopted in the Senate by
a majority of one vote. It went to the Mouse of
Repiesentativos, where it was non-coneum-d in
in gross, with all the other Senate amendments to
the bill. It went then, with these other amend-
mentaof the Senate, to a committee of confluence.
The committee repoited in favor of the amend-
ment, and tin; action ofthe committee on ihisand
other amendments was adopted without division
or debate in this House, and thus became a law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
if this is the only recognition that Congress has
given to the validity of iho claim ?
Air. COLFAX. This is tho only recognition
of Congress upon which the claim is based.
Under this law the First Compti oiler ofthe
Treasury was directed to examine the claim. But
Postmaster Geneial Brown, finding that a very
large amount was likely to be involved, relrned
the matter to Attorney General Black, who niudo
anargumentative repoi tupon the subject, in which
he decided that these parties? had no claim at all
upon the Treasury, and therefoie ruled it out en-
tirely. On the other hand, Air. Whittlesey, then
First Comptroller ofthe Treasury, who dm ingall
his connection with that Depaitment of the Gov-
ernment has been regarded, 1 am glad to say, as
a mostcareful guardian of the Treasury, felt him-
self bound by his construction of the actio.i of
Confess to recognize damages as due to these
parties. I now read from the report of Attorney
Geneial Black, April 7, 1857:
It ^eeuMhat Mes:>is. Cannack & Ramsey, on the i,'>th
ot I'Vbru.nVj lb.'3o, made a contiact with the Pustm i«.ter
General (ot cut mug the m.ul noin Veia Ciuz to San l- san-
cisco, b> way of Acapulco, at the miiii of.v-IO-l.o./o jv>> an-
num, foi fom yeai-j. ' commencuui from the tunc that C>,)-
Hi Cs's t>haH latifxj thu conhact.> 'Pile contiact lutthcr stipu-
lates that ills 1 to have notoice oi validity until it shall have
lceetved the sanction of Congie  by the passage of an ap-
propriation to cat ry it into effect. - Count e^ has neve:. down
to the piesent nine, made any such apptopuation. It does
not appear that the contiaetor< earned tho nta'N uridei thn
contiact, or iucuned any expense in ptep.uuic to do so.
But it not material whethei they did oi not, since tho>
\\ eie distinctly warned that the Guvei time:it u o-sM not be
Kable until the >anetion ol Congics^ should be civen, and
they themselves admitted that^tiiey ^o undent )od their
light-? and obligations. Your immediate med-'ces^or, Mi*.
Campbell, did not appiove of the contract. He so stated
in his repoi tand in his correspondence with the eo.iUaetois;
but he never deelaied that he had any intention not tocatry
it out if Congtet-Ji would iatify it by an appropriation."
"The Postmaster Geneial claimed nothing lor the Govern-
