THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TiniiTY-SEvntfTH Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY-, DECEMBER 27, 1861.
New Series No. Jl.
compensation for their horses; but I am not aware
that the matter has yet been before the Military
Committee for consideration, and hence I offer
this resolution for the purpose of calling their at-
tention to it.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARRESTS BY EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY.
Mr. KING-. I offer u resolution which I intend
to call up to-morrow, when I shall move to refer
it to the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cau^e pio-
ceedings to be instituted in the couus of law against per-
sons who have been arrested by executive authority or
order Mnce the breaking out of the pieseut iusaii lection,
and who arc now detained in custody, so that a judicial
examination may be had in each case to asccitain who, if
any of ilium, may be allowed to take the oath of allegiance
to tho United States and be discharged, and who shall be
detained foi a further examination or be prosccuted for
treason or other crime; and to communicate the names of
all persons that have been so arretted, and the date of arrest
to the Senate.
COLONEL DTXON If. MILES.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the charges, testi-
mony, and finding of the court of inquiry in the case of Col-
onel Dixon II. Miles, of the United States Army, be pub-
lished for the use of the Senate.
ENROLLMENT OP BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, which I
desire shall lie on the table for the present; I will
call it up some day hereafter:
Resolved. That the Committee on Enrolled Bills shall
consider the expediency ot changing the joint rules of the
two Houses of Congress, so as no longer to lequire that bills
which have parsed both Nouses shall be enrolled 011 parch-
ment ; but that they shall be «imply copied in a fair hand
on linen papei, and be thus pie^eived in the Department of
State, instead of being preserved in cumbersome lolls of
parchment.
REFORM IN TIIE LAND SYSTEM.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, communicated in the annual repoit
of the Secretary of the Inteiioi,be ret'eired to the Committee
on Public Land**, with instructions to report a bill or bills
providing for the retrenchment and leform which may be
found practicable in that branch of the public seivice.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SIMMONS submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the
Chan to inqune into the expediency and practicability of
connecting some of our military and naval stations on the
coast by means of subniaune cables, and to report to the
Senate by bill or otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Sim-
mons, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Latham the com-
mittee.
WILLIAM PATTON.
Mr. COWAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to William
Patton, late engrossing clerk, for woik done by him during
the recess of the Senate, in making indexes to the execu-
tive documents, printed by older of the Senate, including
the table* of documents accompanying the same, and his
time and expenses m superintending the printing thereof,
a compensation not exceeding pei session, said allow-
ance to be made under the dnection of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and hy unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
124) relating to highways in the county of Wash-
ington and District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District ot Columbia.
Mr. NESMiTIi, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 125) to provide for the appointment of com-
missioners to investigate claims caused by Indian
spoliations in California, Oregon, and Washing-
II
ton Territory; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 126) in relation to the arrest of persons
claimed to be held to service or labor by the offi-
cers of the military and naval service of the Uni-
ted States; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
129) to provide for the appointment of an addi-
tional judge for the southern district ofNcw York;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 128) to
change and regulate the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States in the northern
district of New York; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 130) to
authorize the district judges of the United States
to act out of their districts in certain cases; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He als  asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 127) for
the relief of Isaac Vanderpoel; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 131)
granting public lands and a loan of the credit of
the Government to the People's Pacific Railroad
Company, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the Missouri river to San Francisco on the
Pacific coast; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad.
Mr. HOWE also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 26) explanatory of a certain act
therein mentioned; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
a resolution which I submitted last week for dis-
tributing among the actual Senators documents
that had been allotted, but not delivered, to Sen-
ators who have withdrawn or been expelled from
this body. If the Senate will indulge me in taking
it up, I will propose a modification that will meet
the objection made by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. jPcaiice.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further reso-
lutions be offered, the resolution to which the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island refers is now before the
Senate in order. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That all books and documents heretofore or-
dered to be piinted, and allotted burnet delivered to Sena-
tors Horn States that have omitted to be iepie«ented in the
Senate, be distributed among the Senators attending.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the words
"books and " be stricken out of the resolution.
That meets the objection of the Senator from Ma-
ryland, whom 1 do not see in his seat.
Mr. WADE. Why strike out " books?"
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mary-
land made the explanation. It referred to some
books that were printed a great many years ago,
and which have been discussed a great many times
in the Senate, and finally disposed of. I do not
know what the books are myself; but I did not
intend in the resolution to include any such books,
but only the documents ordered by the last Con-
gress, such as the Agricultural Report, the Smith-
sonian Report 
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Those books
are documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators say those are doc-
uments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everything we print is
a document.
Mr. WADE. I want to make an inquiry of
the Senator from Rhode Island. What wilt be
left when you strike out "books?"
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that these are
left: the Army Register, the Smithsonian Report,
the Report upon Agriculture, Delaficld's Report,
Douglas's Obituary, Acts and Resolutions of the
last Congress, ana the Globe and Appendix.
Mr. WADE. Those might all be called books.
They are all bound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read as it will stand if it be amended as pro-
posed.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That all documents heretofore ordered to be
printed, and allotted but not delivered to Senators from
States that have omitted to be represented in the Senate,
be distributed among the Senators attending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island that I understood the
Senator from Maryland to state that he had no
objection to it so far as it was applicable to the
documents of the last Congress, but he did not
want to go back of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood him to refer to
some books; I suppose the State Papers or the
Annals of Congress, or the American Archives,
about which there had been a great deal of dis-
cussion. I think he was afraid that that subject
would be called up by this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. « Documents" would
cover all the books specified by the Senator.
Those arc all documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then that is better.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Rhode Island that I understood the objection of
the Senator from Maryland to refer to books
printed some years back, and not of a recent date
at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I so understood.
Mr. POWELL. But I suggest he had better
adhere to the resolution with the word " books"
in. I can see no objection to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would prefer to have the
resolution lie over until the Senator from Mary-
land is in his seat.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
better. There is no hurry about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit a motion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that it lie upon the
table, as the Senator from Maryland is not in his
seat. I prefer to have him here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made if there be no objection.
The resolution was laid upon the table for the
present.
OBJECT OF THE WAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The followingres-
olution, submitted by the Senator from New Jer-
sey on the 16th instant, is now before the Senate:
Resolved, That the present war is for the Union, accord-
ing to the Constitution; that its object is to save the former
and enforce the latter—was so In the beginning, is now as
cariied on, and should be to the last; that measures cxticme
and radical, disruptive in themselves, involving in a com-
mon fate as well the loyal as disloyal, should not be resorted
to; and that in crushing treason, wide-spread and hateful as
it is, the Government itself cannot prove traitor to oiganie
law.
Mr. SIMMONS. I see that that resolution was
offered by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Ten Eyck,] who is not now in his seat, and I
suggest that it lie on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so ordered
if there be no objection.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn until Thursday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust ray friend will
withdraw that motion. I wish to inform the Sen-
ate that I am expecting a bill from the House of
Representatives which it is deemed very important
should be passed to-day if we are about to adjourn
over. It is the act in reference to the tariff, laying
