1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2143
dollars is correct, I shall feel myself bound to vote
against the report of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. Only a word or two 
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me,
I have just conferred with the Mayor of the city
on that subject, and he tells me that the charter
limits the taxation in the District to seventy-live
cents on the $100, that the amount now levied is
forty cents, and that the laws require that the tax-
ation should be uniform; so that there can be no
greater tax on this property than any other.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know, sir, that it is
possible for this Congress to charter a company
for a horse railroad, either single or double, in
this city. Prom the history of our attempts here-
tofore, I should think it extremely doubtful
whether it could be done. I believe it has been a
subject of great effort for the last six or eight
years. It has constantly been before Congress,
and always failed. No bill has ever yet been per-
fected, or ever could be so perfected, that the in-
genuity of somebody in somebody's interest
could not devise something to upset it. Since we
have had this matter under consideration, this
Capitol has swarmed with men, pulling here and
pulling there, determined to defeatthis bill. They
have been flitting about the lobbies ever since this
conference committee made this report, taking
Senators here and there, sending their missives,
and making their fabulous representations as to
the immense amount of income to be made out of
this enterprise; none of which were before the
committee.
I do not believe the committee had any other
object in view, or any other motive, than to per-
fect a bill which should be reasonably fair to the
public, and reasonably fair to the corporators and
stockholders. The chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, in the early part of
the session, with the consent of the committee,
reported a bill to the Senate, which I admit was
a good bill. It was not dissimilar in its main pro-
visions to the one now under consideration, re-
ported by the committee of conference. Unfor-
tunately, I think, the House did not agree to it.
They amended it by sending back a substitute,
making a corporation in its nature very close and
exclusive. That bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. We had no
other purpose, and no other object, than to report
a bill back to the Senate which should be a fair
bill securing the rights of the public, and secur-
ing reasonable rights to the corporators. That
was the bill which was considered by the Senate
the other day, and which is substantially the bill
we have before us now.
My honorable friend from Iowa makes objec-
tion to this bill that it does not secure the three
per cent, to the city. I doubt if there is a single
charter of this kind to be found in the country
that makes such a provision. I am very sure
there is no principle upon which a bonus could
fairly be secured by this bill to the city. The
proper way to construct a bill of this kind would
seem to be to construct it, in the first place, lib-
erally to the public, and then give the corporators
just such compensation for the service as will en-
able them to make a fair thing of it, and give no
bonus to anybody, because whatever you take
as bonus to be given to these city corporations
comes out of the public. It is taxing the public
for the benefit of the city corporations, which I
take it is not sound in principle. But why was
this stricken out by the committee? For this
reason: the House bill, which I have denominated
a close bill, provided only for the building of the
road on Pennsylvania avenue. This bill added a
line on Seventh street, from the boundary to the
Potomac, and one on Fourteenth street, from the
boundary down to Pennsylvania avenue, nearly
double the service. Then there is a change in
another particular, a very important one. The
bill from the House of Representatives allowed
the corporation to charge fare on each road, or on
each branch. This bill strikes that out entirely,
and requires the corporation to carry passengers
not only over any one of these roads, but over all
the roads for the same fare. For that reason it
was supposed to be proper to strike out this bonus
Then, if the argument of my honorable friend
is sound, that this is to be a profitable concern
for the corporation, there is this answer to it: by
the terms of the bill the charter of the corporation
may be altered oramended at any time hereafter.
They are required to make an annual report to
Congress of their transactions, showing the busi-
ness of the company. If it should turn out, upon
the report of the directors, that this corporation
is making too much money, the remedy is in the
reduction of the fare; so that there is no danger
of an excess of profits in the hands of these stock-
holders.
As to the other objection, which seems to be
the principal one, I think, with the Senator from
Iowa, in regard to the increase of the capital stock,
it will be noticed upon examining the matter that
the bill as reported to the Senate contained a pro-
vision authorizing the company to loan its credit,
or, in other words, to issue bonds and mortgage
its property as security. That was thought to
be objectionable, and was stricken out, so that in
point of fact the capital stock is only increased
$100,000 by the bill as it now stands. The cap-
ital was fixed at $300,000, but they had a right
to loan the credit of the company for §100,000
more. The committee of conference thought it
better to strike that out, to give them no such priv-
ilege,and then fix the capital stock at not less than
$300,000, nor more than $500,000. I do not see
that the injurious results supposed by the Senator
from Iowa will be likely to follow the adoption
of this measure. In connection with the members
of the committee, I have given to this subject the
best consideration I could, and my judgment is
that if it is the desire of Congress to charter a rail-
road here they will not be likely at the present
session to get a better bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague, who, I
know, has the very best intentions with reference
to having a lailroad built, as we all have, is hardly
so familiar, I suppose, with the history of these
attempts to get a horse railroad in this city as some
of the restof us. Previous to this session, 1 have
taken agood deal of interest in this question. Dur-
ing the present session I have been unable to give
any attention to it; but I know what the question
has always been. In all these attempts to get a
horse railroad in the city of Washington, there
has been one question lying at the bottom of the
whole, and upon that question the thing has always
turned,and owing to thatquestion the attempt has
always been defeated. The question has always
been simply this: whether the citizens of this Dis-
trict, living here where the road was to be made,
should have the privilege of building and owning
it, if they see fit, as the citizens of other sections
have, or whether, because they cannot legislate
for themselves, they shall be crowded out, and the
thing put into the hands ofspeculators from abroad.
That has been the uniform question lying at the
bottom of the whole matter from the beginning to
the end, invariably,and upon that it has been de-
feated. Why, sir, in the last Congress, I think,
I am not certain, I presented myself, in contest-
ing a biil that had been got up and brought in here,
a subscription signed by men residing in this Dis-
trict, and most of them in this city, offering to
build this road, to take stock at once on such con-
ditions as Congress might choose to dictate. The
persons who subscribed to that paper were worth
I do not know how many, certainly four or five
millions of dollars themselves. The wealthiest
and most substantial men in the city asked the
privilege of investing in and building this road;
but, sir, it was refused for some reason. A rail-
road out in Virginia wanted to build it, to extend
their road through the city, and make it part of
that as a public improvement; and other persons
wanted to build it. My judgment has been and
my desire has been that, inasmuch as this was a
place for which we legislated, and there were peo-
ple here who had certain burdens laid upon them,
and as the railroad was to be among them, they
ought to have the same privilege that other peo-
ple have of building and owning the road if they
see fit. But, sir, it has been defeated, and how?
My friend and colleague talks about the iniluences
you find around the Senate Chamber. What do
you find5 You find agents from other cities, ex-
members of Congress, men who are always seen
around the lobbies when a money question is up,
laboring for something else and defeating every
privilege unless they can have a hand in it, or
somebody they represent.
How was it here this session? A biil was passed
by the Senate unanimously; a fair, honest bill,
such as my colleague approved, undoubtedly—-for
he says he approved it—laying this matter open,
having it a city matter, or at least a matter for
the District, the subscriptions open to everybody;
got up in the ordinary way, allowing them to sub-
scribe, and to have the stock and build it within
a certain time. The time has already expired
within which it would have been done. It went
to the other House, Shd it came back here en-
tirely changed, or something else came back, a
new bill altogether, such as the Senator from
Iowa says nobody approved in the Senate. The
result is, a collision between the two Houses, and
then a settlement just as you always get it, by a.
committee of conference upon a mere matter, of
business, about which there ought not to be two
opinions in point of fact, resulting just as it has
heretofore in relation to the matter. Now, sir, I
do not pretend to have any very definite inform-
ation upon these points; but f see no reason in
the world why this charter, which is to be a val-
uable one—certainly we must infer that it is to be
valuable from the avidity with which it is sought,
and the fierceness with which it is contested—as
all other charters of the same kind do, should not
pay something as a bonus to the city in which it
is located.
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask my colleague if
he has ever heard of any charter in which they
were required to pay a bonus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They all do, almost in-
variably.
Mr. MORRILL, I am told, on the contrary,
that it has been done in no single instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Iowa
stated a case just now in regard to a city railroad
in Boston. How is it in our own State with ref-
erence to bank charters? They pay a bonus to
the State for the privilege of banking.
Mr. MORRILL. If my colleague will pardon
me, the instance to which the Senator from Iowa
referred was not the payment of a bonus, it was
the improvement of the streets.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; it is no mat-
ter in what shape you put it.
Mr. MORRILL. We have the same provision
here. We have required them to improve the
streets here to a certain extent. I do not know
what the estimate would be, but we have inserted
the same provision for the improvement of the
streets that are found in similar bills for other
places, only we do not estimate the expense.
While I am up, if my colleague will pardon me,
I will say in regard to speculators, to persons who
have an interest in this matter, that every man
living outside of the District is shutout absolutely
and unqualifiedly, and it is put into the hands of
residents of the District. Every corporator is a
resident of the District, and they have the control
of the corporation to inaugurate it. It is a per-
fectly open corporation to them, as it is to any-
body who chooses to put money into it. That
was the purpose we Had in view; so that these
gentlemen who come here from abroad should be
absolutely precluded from the control of the cor-
poration.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inform the Senator that
the amount required by this bill to be expended
is for the streets between the tracks, and two feet
outside. They are to keep their own track in
order.
Mr. MORRILL. And something besides.
Mr. GRIMES. The amount that was paid by
the Metropolitan railroad, in Boston, was $6,000
for paving, and #4,000 for watering the streets.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 suppose it would cost much
more here to begin with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how that
may be, but I see no sort of objection to it at all.
If this js so valuable a charter, I think it per-
fectly reasonable that they should pay this bonus,
whether it is so in other cases or not. In relation
to the new corporators, I do not know anything
about them. I know one or two of them per-
sonally. I know with regard to one of them, that
he was exceedingly anxious with me sometime
ago that I should aid m passing the House bill,
instead of the Seriate bill. I told him that, on the
contrary, I would do everything I could to defeat
the House bill, for the Senate bill was the right
one, in my judgment. I do not like the mode in
which they were selected at all, taking A, B, C,
D, and F as the choice of individual members of
the committee of conference. It was honestly
done no doubt; but I doubt very much whether
they themselves knew the influences under which
