18G2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
for the yeas and nays upon the motion lo strike
them out. 1 hope they will pass unanimously.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to one feature in this ninth section, and
to sec what will be its operation upon the regular
officer and the volunteer officer. It is said in favor
of this section that it will last only duiing this re-
bellion, anu then the officers will return to their
present salary. Many thousands of volunteers
nave come into the service for a short time with
the understanding that they were to have a given
compensation. You propose to cut them down
(luring- the rebellion; and then they will all he dis-
charged, and will have no increase of salary; but
your regular officer will have his increase. He
will submit to be cut down during the rebellion to
save his salary afterwaids; but youi poor volun-
teer, out of business, with nothing to do, is dis-
charged as soon as the rebellion is over; and his
salary is cut down ten per cent, while ho has been
fighting your battles and endangeung his life—
sacrificing it in battle and in the camp. Is that just
to the volunteer* •
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to that observa-
tion I will say this: that before the rebellion is
over, we shall have ample time to revise our pay
list; and i have no doubt that the pay of the Aimy
and Navy will be revised and reduced; but we
cannot do it now. It is impossible to do it,prob-
ably, cit the present session. The Senator from
New Hampuhne concurred m a bill which will
reduce the pay of the regular officers of the Army
more than ten per cent. The bills reported from
the committee on compensation and expendi-
tures, of which lie is a member, make a perma-
nent reduction of from ten to twenty per cent, on
officers of (he higher grades of the Army ami Navy,
and of a less rate on the pay of those of lower
grades; and no doubt those billy can he<u ted upon
before the piesent lebellion is over. The compen-
sation now paid to our officers of the Armv and
Navy of the higher grades, is enlhely too high.
The pay of a brigadier general is over five thou-
sand dollars, and the pay of a major general is
between six and seven thousand dollars. Every
officer that I have met, without exception, has ex-
pressed ins willingness to agree to a reasonable
reduction; and I do not think you will find any
officer who is fighting with a patriotic motive in
this war, but what is willing lo beai tins and even
a gieater leduction. You have staung you in the
face the fact that, unless you make some ieduc-
tion, decrease ui some way your Aimy,dec reuse
in some way youi expenditures, it will be impos-
sible for the people of the United Slates to pay out
$600,000,000 m one year, and to continue that
more than twelve, months. We know \ory well
that, notwithstanding all our lesouroes, we have
been able to borrow but $250,000,000; that we are
now in debt, and have issued securities m almost
every possible form which the ingenuity of man
can devise in order to carry on the opeiations of
the Government. I say, in the face of this start-
ling fact, we must meet the difficulty, and i educe
our expenses as far as we can, m every possible
way, and reduce our Army, if necessary.
The true statement of the power of a nation is
not the number ot soldiers that can be called into
the field, because by high pay or want of employ-
ment, by ordinary occupations ceasing, you may
get your whole population in the field, simply as
a matter of interest. The tine test is, how long
can you keep them in the field; how can you pay
them, and raise the means to pay them 5 it seems
to me, therefore, on the ground of economy, on
the ground of a vigorous prosecution of the wai,
it is necessary to husband our resources, and that
every man, especially one who is deriving a sal-
ary from the Government, should bear Ins por-
tion of whatever burden is placed on the people;
and we ought to beai most of the bmden. A sal-
ary of £>2,700 a year to a member of Congress
during the present rebellion is worth more to him
than a salary of ^3,000 in ordinaly times. We
could not if we were out of public life receive the
same rate of compensation m puvate life now that
we could have received beioie. 1 suppose there
are but very few members of the Senate out what
could cam more than tin oe thousand dollai a
year m private nfe. It is not the compensation |
winch nearly all of us could iceeive m piiveto I
life; but that is not the test. We cannot apply j
a rule to the officers of the Aimy and Navy that I
we are not willing to apply to ourselves; and
where there is a general lule of reduction, winch
on the whole would be equal and just and fair,
we cannot object to that rule because it may in
certain cases work injustice.
Mr. CLARK. It is very true that I concurred
in the bill to which the Senator alludes reducing
the pay of the Army officers permanently; but
because I did that I do not see that it is any rea-
son why 1 should concur in this injustice to the
volunteer. I cannot see the force or'the propriety
of it. If the pay of the Army officer is too large,
there is some propriety in cutting it down per-
manently; but not in cutting down the pay of the
regular and volunteer officers for a certain time, at
the end of which the volunteoi will be discharged,
and then restoring the pay of the regular officer.
Mr. President, 1 have heard a good deal said in
the Senate and elsewhere about the condition of
the country and the danger of our being ruined;
and the Senator from Massachusetts, who is chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, says
this morning, if we are m danger from anything,
we me in danger from our financial condition. I
beg Senators to reflect upon one thing: we have
cariied on this war so far, and have not collected
the fust dollar by tax from our people; and if you
lay your tax bill and ask the people"to pay it, they
will sweep away this financial difficulty as quick
as your Army will sweep away the rebels if you
will let them fight. And yetwe sit hero groaning
and croaking. Let us meet the crisis and lay the
tax, and awav with the difficulty.
Mi. FESSENDEN. It strikes me the Senator
from Ohio has rather a curious idea of the moral-
ity of legislation, to say the least of it. He ad-
mits that the section of the bill is wrong; he admits
that it will woik injustice, that its provisions are
unequal, that it will do what it is not light to do;
and yet ho says, inasmuch as we have not lime to
mature details and make it light, therefore we
must put it on, right and wrong altogether. It
will w ork well, probably, in some cases, although
it will not m some otheis; it will work justly m
some cases, although unjustly in a great many
otheis; neveitheless we aie to put it on, because
we hove not time to make it light. I will ask my
fi lend, is that a correct principle of action in legis-
lation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer my friend,
that the npplicaiion of any.general rule does in-
justice in paiticuhir cases. I pointed out the in-
justice of this rule in pailieular cases the other
day; but on the whole—and we must take a gen-
eral rule now, because we cannot have the time to
attend to the details—taking the whole operation
of the rule, it will be just and beneiieial.
Mr. EESSENDEN. That is to say, in many
cast's, m the majority of cases, it will not do
wrong; but, because the gencial effe< t is to save
so much money, theiefoie it is light to do wrong
to individuals in legislation. 1 do not hold tonny
such logic; nordo I hold to the logic of theothcr
proposinon, which was certainly used as an argu-
ment. This is on its face to operate during the
war. The answer made by my friend from New
Hampshire is, that it works a ceitam reduction
upon the gieat mass of the officers of the five or
six hundi ed thousand volunteers, because as soon
as the war is over they go out of service, and there
is an end of it, and it operates upon them not only
during the war, but for all time; but the regular
officers, who are pleased with the idea that llus is
only to bo during the war. and therefore submit
to it lather than have something worse, a general
scale of cutting down salaries, come back again
to their original compensation. Hut, says the
Senator from Ohio in reply, that is all mere moon-
shine, because as soon as we have cut down gen-
erally during the wai, we will cut them down
altogether, ft scums, therefore, that they are to
be d< C( ived with r( fere nee to the matter. Sir, we
cannot gain anvthmg by that kind of legislation.
To be sure, it saves a certain amount of money to
the Government, but the question is whether that
amount of money ought to be sa\ed in that way.
Mr. President', fiom the beginning of this Con-
gress, not only during this session, but the last,
1 have been attempting to correct abuses which
nave cost us millions of money. 1 ti ied vei y hard
to get a pi ovision i oto the bill that was first passed, i
limiting iho powers of the President with regard j
to multiplying t he soldiers, pioviding for a pioc- t
tarnation, and pioviding for their being taken in !
srtain States according to the number of nopula*
on. The object was to prevent the rushing in
certain I
tion.   
of more soldiers than we needed from certain jgreat
States, where there were multitudes who had noth-
ing else to do. Well, sir, it stood on that statute-
book a few days, and then there came in a brlt to
repeal it, and let them take them anywherewith-
out proclamation, and without regard to number/?.
What was the result ? It was just what we have
seen. It went up immediately, and has gone up
to five hundred thousand, six hundred thousand,
seven hundred thousand, and God only knows
how many arc scattered over the country that are
not counted. There is a bill here now to pay cer-
tain men in Missouri who have never been mus-
tered in at all, and never been accepted by the
President, but who served, and whom we have
got to pay; and we do not know how many there
are in other places. I tried to regulate it, but I
was not permuted to do so. I warned the Senate
of the danger. I told thorn we need notbe fright-
ened; that there were men enough who were will-
ing to serve, and we could get them; but every-
body was going with a sort of shout on the subject,
and my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs shouted about as loud as any-
body, as he will admit. Thdt cost us not only
millions, but hundreds of millions of dollars.
Well, sir, I made an effort in another direction
at the same time; but I was overruled, swept away
by the current. I could not see the necessity of
being frightened. I have been trying it at this
session. I tried it no longer ago than the day be-
fore yesterday, I think, to cut down the Army to
what Congress said was enough—fi\e hundred
thousand—and not by doing it immediately, but
to preventany increase of it. Gentlemen popped
up all aiound here and said, you are going- to dis-
organize a company or regiment from my State,
or something else. That would have saved by
the tens of millions, if 1 could have passed that;
but 1 was not permitted to do it. That would be
just and right. Jt would break no contract. It
would do precisely what we have a right to do,
and it, would pay everybody for his services; for
we provide liberally for our soldiers.
Then we had a regular pay foi our soldieis of
eleven dolUus pei month. That was the amount
fixed bylaw previous to the last session. Every-
body was contented with it; there was no com-
plaint about it. We were gelling volunteers about
as fast as we could muster them into service at
eleven dollars a month; and I believe that is more
than double what is paid to a British soldier, and
vastly more than double what is paid to a French
soldier. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts, the chaiiman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, got up here one morning and said it must
be increased; that it must be done at once; that all
enlistments were stopping. It was on the strength
of three or four letters that he got from the coun-
try somewhere, I believe from New York, and up
it went, without any consideration, without any
soldier in the service asking for it; and everybody
was convinced two days afterwards that it was
unnecessary. That has cost us some twenty mil-
lions of dollars.
Sir, it is in all those places where we are wast-
ing money unnecessarily that is not called for by
any real necessity, that we ought to strike. Take
this question of cavalry. I brought it up at the
very beginning of the session. I do not think it
was more than a week or ten days from the com-
mencement of the session. I pointed out to the
Senate and the country what the trouble was with
regard to cavalry; that they were going on with-
out rhyme or reason and giving every man who
asked for it pei mission to raise a regiment of cav-
alry, until it had got up I did not know how far.
I called it sixty regiments, but I believe there were
seventy or eighty at that very time. Officers had
been appointed for thetn; the regiments weie not
filled; and we were spending money at the rate
of thuty or forty millions a year, and more than
that, upon cavalry that we did not want. I have
urged a reduction of that force from time to tunc.
My friend from Massachusetts at last got a bill
from the Wai Department putting it at fifty regi-
ments. I got it struck down to forty. I thought
then that thirty regiments were plenty, and I be-
lieve everybody is now satisfied that thirty <ire
enough, and all we want. We have got that bill
through the Senate, but whether it will go through
the other House I do not know.
