162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
additional duties on tea, coffee, and sugar, which,
■with reference to the revenues, it is quite import-
ant to pass immediately. It has not yet passed
the House of Representatives, but it has been ex-
amined by the committee of the House and the
committee of the Senate, and they are unanimous
on it.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills, which were thereupon signed by
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 83) relative to courts-martial in
the Army;
A bill (S. No. 84) to provide for allotment cer-
tificates among the volunteer forces; and
A bill (H. R. No. 155) making an appropri-
ation for gunboats on the western waters.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages were received from the Pres-
ident of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his
Secretary.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution were read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (H. R. No. 165) making an appropria-
tion for completing the defenses of Washington;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) giving the
thanks of Congress to Colonel James A. Mulli-
gan, and the officers and men under his command,
for their heroic defense of Lexington, Missouri.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 17G) to increase the
duties on tea, coffee, and sugar, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (S. No.
101) to increase the number of cadets in the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
hereafter, in all cases of appointments of cadets
to the Military Academy, each congressional and
territorial district, and the District of Columbia,
shall be entitled to two cadets, to be selected as
prescribed by the existing laws. The second sec-
tion provides that when cadets are found deficient
in their studies, or in their duties, they shall be
dismissed, unless otherwise recommended by the
academic board.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, with an amendment proposing to
strike out the second section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
second section is a very proper one.
Mr. WILSON. It is the rule already.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
that there is a rule of the Department which
amounts to the same thing as this second section;
but that is liable to be changed by the changing
occupants of the War Department. It certainly
is very proper that when cadets are found deficient
in their studies, or in their duties, they should be
dismissed, unless the academic board recommend
otherwise; and it can do no harm to make this a
permanent rule. It seems to me that the section
ought not to be stricken out, and that the reason
given for striking it out is not altogether sound,
because this regulation of the Department may
be changed, and it is liable to abuse. Where
there is a rule of this kind established by the De-
partment, influences are brought to bear upon the
head of the Department to induce him to relax the
rule for the benefit of particular favorites. I think
the matter had better be regulated by law. I hope
the section will not be stricken out.
Mr. WILSON. The reason why the committee
recommended that the second section should be
stricken out was, that this provision is now the
rule and practice at West Point; but, as the Sen-
ator says, it can do no harm to make the rule of
the institution a law. The evil formerly com-
plained of was, that frequently after students had
been turned away, they were sent back by the
Secretary of War, without the recommendation of
the academic board. Great abuses of that kind
were complained of under Mr. Floyd, as affect-
ing the discipline of the institution. That matter
we rectified by a law of the lastsession. We put
a provision in the laws passed at the extra session
on that point; but certainly this section can do no
harm. The committee proposed to strike out
merely for the reason that it was now the well-
regulated policy of the institution, and that there-
fore it was not necessary to legislate on the sub-
ject. The first section of the bill merely provides
for an increase of the number of students. The
number there now, I think, is about one hundred
and seventy. This bill will make the number
about three hundred and fifty.
Mr. BROWNING. If the chairman of the
committee will permit me, I desire to ask him
what increase the first section of the bill makes.
I am not familiar with the existing laws on the
subject, but my understanding was that each dis-
trict, under existing laws, was entitled to have
two students at the academy.
Mr. WILSON. Only one, and this bill makes
it two.
Mr. GRIMES. Two at the Naval Academy,
and one at the Military.
Mr. BROWNING. I was under the impres-
sion that each district was entitled to two at the
Military Academy.
Mr. WILSON. Only one, sir, and four hun-
dred can be accommodated there without any in-
crease of butldingsor anything of that sort. This
bill will make the number about three hundred
and fifty. When we bring all the States back,
we can carry it up to a larger number, something
over four hundred. If we should then have too
large a number we can make a reduction at that
time. I hope, therefore, the bill will be passed
at once. I am not at all strenuous on the ques-
tion whether we shall keep in or strike out the
second section of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
bill read. I was not in the Chamber at the mo-
ment it was taken up.
The Secretary again read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on agreeing to the amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. To that I have no objection;
but I desire to say a few words in regard to the
bill itself. I will wait until the amendment is
acted on.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know whether it is
proper for me to say anything in relation to the
vote just taken; but I am very confident the Sen-
ate has voted under a misapprehension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move a reconsideration.
Mr. HARRIS. I will move a reconsideration
of the vote, and nil I have to say on the subject
will be what I will read from the act of last sum-
mer. It is as follows:
" Sec. 8. Jhui he itjurther enacted, That no cadet, who
lias been, or shall hereafter be,repoited as deficient, citiier
in conduct or studies, and recommended to be discharged
liom the academy, shall be returned or leappomted or ap-
pointed to any place in the Army before his class shall have
left the academy and icceived their commissions, unless
upon the recommendation of the academic board of the
academy.
The whole thing is covered by that provision.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator, that
that covers a particular point. The rule of the
institution is, that when these deficiencies of ca-
dets exist, those cadets are to be removed by the
authority of this academic board. Under some
of the past Secretaries, these cadets were some-
times sent back without the assent of the academic
board, and the abuse was carried so far under Mr.
Floyd that the persons connected with the insti-
tution said it injured the discipline of the acad-
emy. To correct that, we passed the section
read by the Senator from New York. Now, sir,
this second section makes a law of the rule now
existing in the institution: that, when the cadets
are deficient, they shall be removed by the aca-
demic board. They do it now; and it is the rule
ot the institution. This section has nothing to do
with their being restored; and the reason why the
committee reported in favor of striking it out was,
that it was not necessary because it was now the
rule and practice of the institution. However, it
can do no harm to have it made a law, because it
is now the practice and rule of the academy.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, I apprehend, does not exactly understand
what the section is. It says that these students
shall be dismissed unless they are retained upon
the recommendation of the academic board.
Mr. KING. Oh, no; it does not.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, it does. That is the legal
construction of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when cadets are
found deficient in their studies or in their duties they shail
he dismissed, unless otherwise recommended by the aca-
deinic board.
Mr. GrRIMES. Mr. President, that is exactly
as I stated it. " They shall be dismissed unless
otherwise recommended by the academic board,"
and that is the way it ought to be. Heretofore it
has been wholly in the control of the Secretary of
War. When one of these cadets was found to be
deficientin his studies,too stupid to keep up with
his class, or too much of a knave to be permitted to
associate amongyounggentlemen,he would come
down here and bring political influences to bear
on the Secretary of War and the President, and
thereby be restored. This section gives to the
academic board the power to restore him if they
see fit, or rather to the head of the War Department
to restore him, but only on the recommendation
of the academic board. There may be a case where
a young gentleman, for some reason or other, may
be guilty of some venial offense, or he may, for
some reason or other, be behind his class, through
sickness or something of that kind; but he may
give such evidences of mental ability as to justify
the academic board in recommending that he be
continued in the institution, and in such cases as
that the academic board ought to be permitted to
do it. Hence I say this proposition is much better
than the section that was adopted by Congress at
its last session. It seems to me this leaves it
exactly where it ought to be.
Mr. WADE. I have nothing to say about this
amendment; I care but little about it; but I am
against the proposition contained in the bill at this
time. Sir, our Treasury is strained to its utmost
tension in order to carry on the war we have on
our hands; and it seems to me to be very unwise
at this time to enter into any head of expenditure,
unless it can be shown to be absolutely necessary.
Sir, you may double the number of cadets, you
may double the expenditure under that head; but
it cannot aid you in your present difficulties at
all. If this was so necessary to be done, why has
it not been done before we made these great ex-
penditures that have fallen on the country lately ?
Even if I were much in favor of this system, which
I am not, I could see no reason for entering more
largely into it at this particular period. These
young men will receive no education that will en-
able them to take such a part in our present diffi-
culties as will aid us at all. Why, then, should
we enter on this new head of expenditure? I think
it should lie over until we can see that we are bet-
ter able to enter upon it. Certainly, sir, the suc-
cess of this system has not been so conspicuous
as to show that there is any great necessity of
going into it further at an improper time.
Sir, as I have had occasion to say once before,
I do not believe there can be found on the face of
the earth, or in the history of the world, any in-
stitution that has turned out so many false, un-
grateful men as have emanated from this institu-
tion. It appears to me that when such are the bitter
fruits constantly of the institution, there is some-
thing radically wrong about it. Besides, sir, the
whole principle of it is in opposition to the prin-
ciple of all our institutions. It is aristocratical; it
is exclusive; it is a close corporation; and it stands
in the way of merit being advanced. We are told
we have now some seven hundred thousand men
in the field, most of them civilians. They are in
abetter way of training for military purposes than
they would be in this close corporation. There
is no doubt, if the war continues, that you will
have men of genius enough, educated in the field,
and infinitely better educated than they possibly
could be in this institution. But, sir, I did not
rise to give all the reasons now that I have against
the bill. My principal objection is, that it adds
