1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
Those are matters on which we can save motley;
but it is idle to suppose that anything that is to
relieve substantially the burdens of the war is to
be saved by striking off a few dollars here and
there from the salaries of men in the civil service,
and more especially of the officers in the military
service. It would save a certain amount; but the
question is whether it can be justly saved, and
whether, after all, they receive anything more
than proper compensation.
Now take the ease of many of our volunteers;
take the case of one captain I happen to know; and
I presume there are a thousand such cases. I know
a captain in the Army who left a business worth
$3,000 a year, and a family at home to bo sup-
ported, to volunteer to command a company, and
for no other reason in the world than that he
thought it was his imperious duty to set the ex-
ample under the circumstances; that somebody
should move in the matter who had something to
sacrifice. _ He has a family at home to support,
and he is in the field. What are you going to do
with him? In the first place, you take off ten per
cent, from the $1,800 he gets, and then you make
him pay all the increased prices which he will
have to pay arising from the tax on articles of sub-
sistence that he purehasesfor the use of his family.
Is it just with regard to him? Wlien you come
down to a lieutenant, who receives a still lower
compensation, or a clerk who gets six or eight
hundred dollars, is it just with regard to him?
Everybody wilt answer at once, it is not; it is
wrong in itself.
These are the reasons, sir, why I am opposed
to this section. I do not know but that it maybe
so arranged that I would vote for it rather than
put my vote on record against it under some cir-
cumstances; but the point I started with was this;
We have a tax bill coming to us, and in that tax
bill is an income tax of three percent., I suppose.
Now you cannot make any distinction. It has
got to be upon all incomes when it does come.
You cannot make exceptions. What are you
going to do ? Are you going to stiike off ten per
cent, here from an officer's salary, and salaries are
incomes, and the only incomes, probably, many
men have of any consequence, and then tax him
three per cent, more upon his income, and then
subject him to all the other burdens arising from
increased taxation ? Is it unjust to the people at
home? Are we doing any injury to them? We
bear the same burdens that they do. Men who
receive salaries from the Government devote then-
days and their lives to the Government. They
work for it. It is ail they have, in the greatest
number of instances; while the man who stays at
home can attend to his own private affairs, and
make his money; some get 1 icli, and some do not;
but, at any rate, he has his own time and means,
and uses them as he pleases; and the man who
goes into tile service of the Govern ment has noth-
ing of that kind at all. Why is it unjust to those
at home lake ourown case, as my friend [Mr.
Clark] says. We have a business, ami are obliged
to leave the whole of it. Although I believe some
of the newspapers argue that we should be paid
according to time, and being here only half the
year, should be paid fur only half the yeai, y< t
who does not know that our coming lieu; utterly
destroys all the business we have got at home.
What are we to do the rest of the year ? A re we
to live without any income at all? The argument
is a peifectly fallacious one.
^ I state these things very decidedly, because it
is impossible to keep them out of sight. If the
Senate choose to pass this bill, 1 have no very
great objection to it, for I have done my duty with
reference to the mutter.
Mr. RALE. 1 think, sir, that this is the most
unfortunate body of men in one respect that lever
fell among in my life. We Mgree universally, I
believe, in one idea, and that is, the necessity of
economy. the_ necessity of retrenching our ex- :
penses. I believe there we all, every one, a^ree;
and I believe it is about the only thing that we do
agieeupon, except tti.it it is necessary to adjourn
ovei Saturday. [Laughter.] JJut unfortunately :
it so happens that when you come to any partic- '
ular place, any particular point, .uiy p,u ticular I
measure, where this universal sentiment is to be 1
made a practical fVicf, then we disagree; the mat- I
ter is too large or too small: it is a time of war, I
or a time of peace; and when it is in peace, we
ought not to do it, because it should be done only I
in war, and when in war we should not do it
because it should only be done in peace. My
honorable friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] the
other day said he congratulated himself that one
of the first measures he recommended when he
came into the Senate was the construction of iron-
clad steamers. Well, sir, I congratulate myself,
my humble self, that from the time I first came
into this body I have labored m season and out
of season, early and late, in peace and war, to get
the Congress ot the United States to reform this
subject of the compensation of Army officers. I
introduced a resolution hero, a year or two ago,
asking the Congress to say that in Lime of peace
no officer, except the Lieutenant General, should
be paid over §5,000 a year; that is to say, that
$5,000 was enough to pay a man for sitting still
in his office and doing nothing. How many votes
diditget? Anybody that is curious can lookback
to the record of the yeas and nays, and see how
many there were at that time who thought §5,000
an incompetent compensation for an officer of the
Army doing nothing. Well, sir, it is notorious
to die Senate, notorious to Congress—I do not
believe it is to the country—that a practice has
grown up in the Army by virtue of which officers
of the Army file certificates upon honor that they
keep certain horses and servants, and have cer-
tain transportation, when, in fact, there is no such
thing, and draw compensation for that. I have
tried to stop that. I have introduced resolution
after resolution to see if we could not get a fixed
compensation for the officers of the Army so that
we might know what we pay them. How many
votes did that get? I do not believe I ever got
enough to caU the yeas and nays on that simple,
honest proposition, by which the people of this
country should bo told how much they paid cer-
tain officers.
I have endeavored to arrest some of our ex-
penditures here in the Senate; and now I will
mention another fact to this economical Senate,
ali of whom agree that economy is so necessary.
We are reduced m numbers, we are about forty-
nine instead ot sixty-eight, as we used to be; and
yetweaie administering the Senate to-day vastly
more expensively, with more officers and mote
salaries than we ever paid before. We require
our Secretary at the commencement of cveiy year
to give us a list of his employes, their number
and compensation. I have looked at the list for
the last eight or ten years, and the list to-day is
nearly double what it was ten years ago, and the
sulai ips are much higher; but there is astereo typed
ceitificate which accompanies every return that
the persons employed are all necessary and could
not one ot them be dispensed with without detri-
ment to the public service. Next year I suppose
you will have more and more and more. Now,
sir, hoie is the bill before us, which proposes a
reduction of ten per cent, from our salaries. I am
in favor ot it. We are calling on the people for
taxation, lhcy will have to bear burdens. My
colleague thinks they will sweep it away just ex-
actly as our Army have swept away our foes. It
may be so. 1 have no doubt that we represent as
patuotic and as sell-denying a people as any on
the face ol the earth; but I tell you, sir—you need
not deny it, you need not shut your eyes to it—if
you tax tins people as you have got to tax them,
you &° into the huts of poverty and tax the tea,
the codec, the sugar, the salt, and the non, if you
have got to tax all the necessaries of life and bring
the practical burden of this war home to the widow
and the orphan, the poor, the sick, and the des-
titute, they will ask us all, when you are imposing
this immense burden upon the whole of us, what
did you do yourselves?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do we not tax ourselves
at the same tune '
iVIr. 1IALE. We shall if we pass this bill.
Mr. EESSEN DEN. Shall we not in the in- ]
come tax. There is no difference.
Mr. HALE Yes, sir; there is a great deal of '
difl'eience. Ciomwcll and his Pailiament may
have been fanatical men, but they were men of
great good sense; they bad a deep knowledge of
human nature; and 1 tell you that the self-deny-
ing ordinance which they took was that which
gave them more weight with the people of Eng-
land than anything else they e\er did. &
-New, let nie say a woid to my colleague, from
whom I always uitFer with great distrust to my
own judgment. Ho brings up the case of the vol- I
unteers. Well, sir, I think I have as much sym-
pathy and respect for the volunteers as any man.
I feel as deeply for them as any man. This bill
does not propose to touch the great mass of the
volunteers, the soldiers, the rank and file, the men
who do the fighting; but it does propose to touch
the salaries of the officers. When the pay for the
volunteers was fixed, it was put at a high figure,
as it is, so that it might correspond with the pay
of the officers of the Army; not because, in point
of equity, they were entitled to so much as regu-
lar Army officers, but because it would be invid-
ious to make a distinction. Why are they not in
point of equity and good conscience entitled to so
much ? Because the officers of the Army make
that their business for life. They are trained to
no other occupation; they have no other pursuit;
that is their living, and take that away from them
and they have nothing. But these volunteer offi-
cers have come from the pursuits of civil life.
They leave them for awhile, and when the war is
over they go back to the same pursuits they have
abandoned. There was a propriety, in order that
there might be no invidious distinction between
the Army and the volunteers, in putting them at
the same rate of compensation; but when you
make the reduction, they ceitaiuly cannot com-
plain of having their salaries brought down to that
of the regular Army, because it was put as high
as it was simply and solely for the reason that the
pay of the regular Army furnished the standard.
Mr. CLARIC. If my colleague will permit me,
does he suppose that these officers of the volun-
teers will not understand that you put the salary
of the regular officer up immediately, as soon as
this rebellion is over?
Mr. HALE. I do not suppose any such thing.
I suppose they will understand it, and ought to
understand it. It would be absurd to suppose that
they did not understand it. But what 1 contend
for is that, as a measure of itself, and by itself,
the volunteer officers who are called into the field
for a year or two, not trained to the military life,
not instructed by military education, do not render
service equal in value to those of the resular offi-
cers who are thus trained, and there will be no in-
justice in putting them down during the war to
the same pay that the regular officers receive; and
if the circumstances of the country shall enable the
country after the war is over to raise the pay of
the regular Army up to what it was, they will have
110 just cause of complaint.
But, sir, my great end and aim here has been to
have this reduction adopted, and to have it applied
to ourselves. I voted for the bill which raised our
compensation. I exerted what little influence be-
longed to me for it, because 1 thought it was just.
Thinking it was just 1 voted for it. If I thought
it was just to raise it to-day, I would vote to r;use
it. But, sir, I do not think it is any impeachment
of a man's fairness, integrity, or candor, to say
that he is governed, and that he will be governed,
by the outward ear; or m other words, by the ex-
pectations and the reasonable expectations, ay,
sir, or the unreasonable prejudices, of his constit-
uents. If they thought Congress ought, in im-
posing these burdens, to impose a buiden upon
themselves, to my mind it seems perfectly right
ana proper that it should be done.
1 propose to offer an amendment to the ninth
section of the bill. I see an exception here which,
it strikes me, does gi eat injustice to a body of men
whom I have not often appeared heie to screen or
defend, and that is the judges of the United States
courts. An exception is made here of the salary
of the President of the United States and the sal-
aries of the judges of the courts of the United
States, by which they are excepttd from this bur-
den of ten per cent., which is proposed to be im-
posed on everybody else in the country.
Mr. FESSE.NDEN, The Constitution fixes
that.
Mr. HALE. I know what the Constitution
says exactly. I think, sir, that you could do noth-
ing m the world that would have a tendency to
render the President of the United States and the
judges of the United States more odious and un-
popular with the people, that would subject them
to more reproach and make them the subject of
hate, than to vote., in this tune of general distress,
when every class of the community, rich and poor,
high and low, were called upon by the Congress
of the United States to bear a part of the burden
of this war, that these gentlemen, by special legis-
