S104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3.
raent beyond what lie bargained for. He warned the con-
tractors against making any effort to bind upon the back of
the Government a burden which it was expressly agreed that
no hand except that of Congress should presume to fasten
there. He stood upon the very terms of the contract, and
only asked of the other parties that they, too, would observe
them with equal good faith. He did not change the schedule
of other routes in connection, nor order the postmasteisto
let Carmack & Ramsey have the mails. It was not hi  duty
to do so; for, as those persons had no contract winch com-
pelled tliem to carry a mail, it would have been wrong to
let iliem have u in their charge. Upon the whole, I am
very clear in the opinion that the contract in question never
was abrogated, annulled, rescinded,or violated by the Post-
master General, in letter or spirit.
"But oh the lath of August, 1856, Congress passed a law
requiring theComptrollcr of tho Tieasury to adjust the dam-
age* to Carmack Sc. Ramsey on account of the abrogation of
this same contract, and award them, according to law,
equity, and justice, what he should find to he due. Does
this compel you and the Coinptioller to ignore tho truth,
and shut your eyes upon the fact that the contiact never
was abrogated at all ? Undoubtedly Congress may order the
money in the Treasuiy to be paid to a person >\ ho hn.s no
cfc&hn upon the Government, a* well as to a pist creditor.
If Congress had chosen to say that Carmack &. ltamscy
should have,000as agrncious gill, the Executive could
not refuse to p:ty it, no matter how clear the proof might bo
that the law w,is unadvised and wrong.
tx A recital in such a law that the f.um to be paid was in-
tended ascompeu.smion for damages which never occurred,
would not take away the right otthe party to receive what
was given. The legislative will,expressed in the constitu-
tional form, is enough, without more, to avouch a legisla-
tive act. Cut here is a law which doe* not give to the claim-
ants any specified sum of money. The amount which they
may lawfully demand is to be ascertained by the Comptrol-
ler. To enable him to do this, a standard oi rule is furnished
to him, and upon that he must base his calculation. He
shall allow them the damages due to them on account of
tho abrogation of their contract. He violates his duty ifhe
allows them what is not due on that particular account. In
othet words, he can do no more than make them a ju&t com-
pensation for the injury which they havosutteied indiieet
consequence of the abrogation ot their contiact by tho Post-
mastei General.
" Now, if the contract was never abrogated, its abroga-
tion never occasioned any damage, and, of comae, it lol-
lows that they have no claim under this law. This view of
tho subject is made still plainer byteleience to another
clause, which declares thai the Comptroller shall award ami
adjudge to the claimants the amount found ihicaccordingto
iaii',equihfy<r>ul justice. The obvious meaning of this is,
to give the claimants what they might recover if the Uni-
ted States wete .suable in a couit whe p justicc is adminis-
tered according to'the rules of law and equity. In court
they would have no case ; for no judicial tribunal would
give a party damages for a wrong that wai never inflicted.
"The duty of the Comptroller is very plain. lie cannot
know what damages are duo on account of the abrogation
of the contract without inquiring when, how, in Whatman- J
nor, and to what extent It was abrogated. If this inquiry
whall lead him to the conclusion thattheeontiact nevei was
abrogated at all, lie will have reached the limits of his
jiovvcj ; for he is not authorized to award ihem compensa-
tion for a loris they may have sustained in tiny other way."
Tile Postmaster General had submitted tho mat-
ter to the Attorney General on the 28th of Marc!),
1851*. On tho 7thof April lite reportol'the Attor-
ney Genera! wan submitted, and the Postmaster
General, on the ] 1th, notified Mr. Whittlesey that
he declined being a party to the investigation. On
tho 1st day of May, 1657, Mr. Medili was ap-
pointed FirfritCompirollerof theTreasury, in place
of Mr. Whittlesey. Tho claim was again sub-
mitted to him, with the Attorney General's decis-
ion; and he made, on tho 11th of August, 1858, a
decision upon it, under this sixth section of the
act of August 18, 1856, covering sixteen printed
pages, concluding as follows:
"Nor can I underhand how the actual expenditures in-
curred In the piepar.ition and stocking of the road can he
viewed in the light of damages undi'rthe contract. It pro-
vides for no i ueh oxpcnditmen until after the. contract shall
have gone into effect. Kvei v dollar thuh expended wa^pttrd,
if paid at all, beiorc there was even an oppoitunity allotded
for the approval of the contract by (Jongret-s. Was it con-
templated at the time ihey vveie inclined that they Would
be paid by tin: Government in ca.se the contiact Miould not
be approved? Purely not. They were inclined at the nsk of
the contractors, who well knew they had no contiact nt the
time, and might never have any.
4i If they had Incurred all ol these expenses beiorc they had
entered into any contract tit all with the Department, and
then iiadsucceededinobtainingtheab>olute,unconditional
contract which was alteiwards really annulled bv the PoM-
mrtf-ter General, I do not understand that in such a case
they would be entitled to damages lor the money <o ex-
pended prior to the making of the contract. The Govern-
ment did not a«-k Mich preparation to be made; and it a
person .-,ecs fit to invest Ins me.ui.s in a certain description
of property, with a view of using the same to execute a
Government contract, which he may nevei obtain, or, oh
lamiuj:. have taken away from him, he ceiutnl} does unt
hi - own ri-J*. nod cannot claim that his io- <m that account
was a neco^.iry consequence of the violation of the con-
tract.
" If Me-:sr;. Carmack & llanney a^nmed the iisle of pie-
paiing to execute a contract winch might never be called
into existence, they did it knowingly and at their own peril,
and I cannot discover how the lisk ever passed fioin them
to the Government.
"I have not attempted to notice many of the arguments
advanced and points made by the claimants and their at-
torneys, because my conclusions were reached withoutany
necessary reference to them. The determination of a tin-
gle question disposed of the whole matter, and put an end
to the investigation. Repudiating the idea that Congress
had determined by law the facta in this case, or intended to
do so, it was my ditty, first, to inquite whether the contract
icferred to in the law was so abiogated by the Postmaster
General as to make the United States liable to the con-
tractors in damages for such abrogation, and that being
decided in the negative, I had no further investigation to
make j and it remains for me only to decide that I find noth-
ing due from the United States to Messrs. Carmack & ltam-
scy under the contract aforesaid."
Mr. Medili, on looking into the claim, found
that itcmbraced notonly the amount alleged to be
expended by these parties in preparation for ex-
ecuting the work, being $113,000, but also the en-
tiro amount of money they would have received
under the contract for the whole four years, namely,
$1,696,000, making a total of over $1,800,000. Th£
parties submitted a statement showing that, ac-
cording to theirestimates, if the contract had been
executed, they would have received a profit from
passengers and freight alone of $31,000 a month,
(though if this is corieet I cannot see why they
did not open the route without the mails,) and that
the whole amount of subsidy to be paid by the
Post Office Department, therefore, would have
been profit. They therefore claimed that they
were entitled to that amount under the sixth sec-
tion of the Post Office appropriation bill of 1856.
Mr. Medili decided in this elaborate and ex-
haustive report against their claim; and he quotes
in his report frogn the remarks of the Senators
when they introduced this section into the Senate,
and when it passed by one majority. Mr. Dur-
kee, who moved the amendment, said:
a The amendment propotc*. to authorize tho Comptroller
of the Treasury to examine fully into the nature and extent
of this claim, and to settle it upon principles of law and equity.
Hmce that office has won the confidence of the Government
and people, and that deservedly, I hope the amendment
will be adopted."
Mr. Houston, who likewise favored the amend-
ment, said:
" I think that when, by this amendment, the subject shall
be refeued to an intelligent and competent officer to ascer-
tain xohcthcr they have sustained injury, and whether it is
tight to make reparation for that wjuiy, it is a sufficient
check against any imposition on the Government. It is
placing it In the hands of one competent to lender justice."
From this, it appears that Congress understood
that the question of damages was notforeclosed in
favor of the claimants, but that the whole ques-
tion was intended lo be submitted.
Now the practicc of the Executive Departments
is, that whenever an Executive Department has
examined, by authority of Congress, a claim, and
have decided upon that claim, all their successors
are prechuh d from a further examination of the
ease, unless it is submitted to the Depaitment by
Congress.
Mr. Whittlesey lately again becoming Comp-
troller, and again feeling that he was bound by
this sixth^ection of the act of 1856, sent to Post-
master General Blair the following letter on the
12th of April, 1862, four years after Medili dccided
adversely to this claim:
Treasuky Department, Comptroller's Office,
Jlpril 10, 1862.
Sir : I transmit to you herewith the copy of a notice left
with mo to-day, to take depositions in New York on the
2'id of this month, bv Hon. Reverdy Johnson, attorney and
counsel tor (Jannack & Uam*ey, in a matter referred to
this office by the sixth section of an act approved on the 18th
of August, 18."i!i. (Statutes at Large, vol. 11, p. 95.)
As the subject retened to arose out of a contiact with the
Postmaster Geneial, 1 deem it to bo proper to iuinish you
with a copy ot wild notice.
Most respectfully youts, ELISIIA WHITTLESEY,
lion. Montgomery Blair, Postmaster General.
Mr. Kasson, by instruction of the Postmaster
General, on the 15th day of April, 18G2, replied
as follows:
Post Office Department,
VVA&iiiNoroN, Jlpril 15, 1862.
Sir- I am instructed by the Postmaster General to ac-
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant,
inclosing copy of a notice left with you on that date,to
take depositions in New Voik on the 23d of this month, by
Hon. ileveidy Johnson, attorney and counsel for Carmack
& Ramsey, ni a matter icfeired to this (ynui) office by
the sufh section of an act approved on the I8lb of August,
IH'jfi,*' Sic , iind to say :
The extraordinary claim to which your attention is thus
again called was presented under the sixth section of the
act of August 18, 1856, to Mi. W. MediU, then Comptroller
of the Tieusuiy. After a careful and able review of the
questions involved, he decided, under date of the 11th of
August, 18o8, against tins, claim for damages. The Post-
master General therefore regards it as res adjudicata, and
under the practicc of the Executive Departments not to be
reopened ; and it only remains for him, so far as his De-
partment is concerned, to protest against giving a new
status to an exorbitant claim heretofore rejected by every
Department of the Government, to which it has been pre-
sented, and especially rejected upon careful investigation
and final decision by your piedecessor in office, Mr. Medili.
The Postmaster General further instinct* me to request
of you information of the fact if you determine to set aside
the former decision and leopen the case In order to proceed
in the inquiry for damages.
I am, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
' ' JOIIN A. KASrfON,
First %disistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Elisiia Whittlesey,
First Comptroller of the Treasury, Washington, D. 0.
To this last letter, 1 understand, the Post Office
Department has received no reply. On the 9th of
May, the Post Office Department submitted to
Congress a statement in relation to this ease, stat-
ing that it was pending, and that if Congress did
not desire to hazard this amount being awarded,
it was their duty to act. Postmaster Geneial
Blair states in Executive Document No. 47:
" The claim is very large m amount, being nearly two
million dollars. I have recently received a letter fiom the
First ComptioHer, inclosing a notice signed by Reverdy
Johnson, ot Maryland, as attorney for the claimants, indi-
cating that they are about to proceed to take testimony in
the case lor the purpose of reopening it, and pressing the
demand upon the Tieasury. Copies of this late correspond-
ence ai e inclosed, marked A, B, C. To the last letter I have
received no reply
" They now claim that the sixth section of the appropri-
ation act ot August 18, 1856, itaclt settled the fact that there
was an abrogation of the contract by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, as a fact found by Congress, and that there were dam-
ages, leaving to the Comptroller solely the question how
much. Mr. Comptiolier Medili decided that theie were no
damages on account of abrogation of contract, as their con-
tract, by its own tcims, never went into effect and never
was abrogated.
"If Congress intended by that section to find the three
facts, that there was a contract, that there was an allega-
tion of it by tlie Postmaster General, and that theie were
damages due on account thereof, then it leaves only the
question whether the decision ol Mr. Medili, as made, is
binding on his successor as a settlement of tire claim. If
Congiess did not intend lo find tiiose facts, then it is clear
Mr.MediU'sdectsionagainstitUbindingonthe presentComp-
troller, and the case cannot be reopened. If the latter view
is entertained by Congress, I respectfully call attention to
the propriety of repealing the sixth section of tiie aetafoie-
said, and thus preventing the leeonsideiation of a case al-
ready rejected by both the executive and legislative branches
of Government, before whom it lias been presented in dif-
ferent foims since the date of the act on which it rests.
" The claim ouginated in a private speculation of Car-
mack & Ramsey, unprompted by any department of Gov-
ernment, and wholly for their own profit, and without even
an invitation, so far as known, lrom any Department, and
it seems to me tolurnish no greater occasion for indemnity
for losses incurred than would any other individual specu-
lation in tho country."
I wish to say here that I disagree with tho Post-
master General in what he states upon that point.
The contract was awarded conditionally after pub-
lic advertisement; and it is but just to Carmack
& Ramsey to say that they put in bids in compli-
ance with a public advertisement inviting propo-
sals.
The Postmaster General continues:
" There is danger, however, from the manner in which
the affair has been managed, that the Treasuiy may be
mulcted in avery large sum of money, when no department
of the Government, legislative or executive, entertains a
different opinion from that herein expressed. For it is
scarcely possible, in face of the faet^ above referred to, that
Congress did intend to assume that this contract had been
made and violated by Government, and yet it is apparent
that Mr. Whittlesey, one of the most honest men in the
executive offices, assumes that to be the effect of the legis-
lation of Congie.ss, and on that construction he may prob-
ably go on lo dhsess a huge amount of damages against the
Government, which would become a judgment and involve
a vested right to payment out of the Treasury.
" I think the nature ot this case would at any time justify
Congress m giving gteat attention to it, but in the present
circumstances of the countiy ;md condition of the Treas-
ury, I feel called upon to invite their attention to it in the
most earnest manner."
On the 11th of June, 1858, Mr.Billinghurstmade
a report to the House in this case, insisting that
the claim should be paid, but upon that report
Congress took no action, and there it has remained
unacted on until the present time.
I have thus given an analysis of the case, to
show what is the claim, what is the history of the
case, and out of what it has grown. It only re-
mams to relate what claims were made by Car-
mack & Ramsey for damages, under the act of the
18th of August, 1856.
The paper setting forth the claim is dated Phil-
adelphia, November 13, 1856:
We claim, as we are advised we may claim, lawfully,
equitably, and justly, our contract price lor the term of the
contract, subject only to such abatement or deduction as
may be shown, the burden of proof of such abatement, if
any, resting on the Government. We need not here recite
the consideiation agreed upon, as that is already of record
in your office.
