THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, fc. C.
Thirty-Seventh.Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JULY 7, 1862.
New Series No. 195.
" Otherwise, we claim, as we are advised we may claim,
lawfully, equitably, and justly, the full value ol' our con-
tract—what it would have been worth to us had we been
permitted to give effect to it according to its intent.
"The papers herewith submitted exhibit a fair view of
the proportions of our claim. We also claim the amount
of the account of outlays and expenses In Mexico, as given
by Mr. Marsh. EDWARD H. CARMACK.
"ALBERT C. RAMSEY".
"The papers accompanying the above statement and
demand are a. pro forma account of estimated receipts and
expenditures for their line under the contract, showing that
they expected, by receipts from passengers and freights
alone, to pay all the expenses of the route, and clear in that
way, per month, $31,705 33, and thusmakingaN that would
be received under the contract clear profit. A!so, an ac-
count of expenses incurred in Mexico, amounting to
$113,117 54. The demand of the claimants may, therefore,
be formally stated thus:
Compensation for four years, at $424,000 per
year $1#96,000 00
Expenses incurred,      113,117 54
Entire damages claimed $1,809,117 54"
The House will see from that that they claimed
the entire amount of $1,800,000 in all, and the
burden of proof as to any abatement they con-
tended was to rest on the Government. The claim
is very large and very extraordinary. The Sen-
ate of the United States finally passed a bill, which
is now upon your table, limiting the operation of
the act of August 18, 1856, to #180,000. They
arrived at this amount by putting in the claim for
amount expended in the purchase of coaches,
mules, and other things, $113,000. Though Con-
gress never ratified this contract, they claimed that
they had made these expenditures m contempla-
tion that Congress might ratify it and allow them
to go on. Estimating the interest upon this
amount from the time these expenses were in-
curred to the present time, $180,000 would cover
the amount.
When this question was taken up in the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I con-
fess that my feelings and my prejudices were in
favor of the claimants. I had heard much about
the claim, and supposed they had a legal and an
equitable claim, but the more I examined the offi-
cial correspondence and the official papers, the
more my mind came to the conclusion that the
claim had no foundation either in law or equity.
It was only a conditional contract at first, subject
to ratification by Congress, and not to have any
validity or binding force on either party till thus
ratified by an appropriation; and when the claim-
ants notified the Department, during the recess,
that they wished to go on with the contract, the
Postmaster General notified them that he disap-
proved of the contract as inexpedient and unjust
to other sections of the country, and that he re-
garded the route itself as impracticable. But in
spite of that they went on, and afterwards came to
Congress, claiming not only that they should be
indemnified for all these expenses, but also claim-
ing compensation for performing the service for
the entire four years.
In November, 1854—overeighteen months after
the conditional contract was made, and sixteen
months after Postmaster General Campbell had re-
pudiated it—Carmack & Ramsey notified him that
they had expended under it $98,000. But on the
27th of November, 1856, after the passage of the
sixth section in their favor, S. Wilmer Marsh, on
their behalf, files a sworn statement of $113,117 54.
I must not omit to state that in the very month
that this sixth section passed, various stockhold-
ers of the Mexican Ocean Mail Company filed
liens at the Treasury for any amount allowed un-
der it, alleging that that company was the propri-
etor of the contract by assignment,and on October
1, 1856, the receiver of the company, which was
then insolvent, claimed that the contract was for
the sole use and benefit thereof. He also filed the
assignment made on the 17th of March, 1853,
(fourteen days after Postmaster General Hubbard
signed the contract,) in which Carmack & Ramsey
assigned it, and all payment received under it, to
the company, and the company bound themselves
to protect them from any loss or damage for non-
performance of the contract. Another paper at-
tached to it declares that the contract was, in fact,
195
" procured for the benefit of, and the s6le enjoy-
ment and profit of the Mexican Ocean Mail Com-
pany."
Now, sir, there is something in this case which
does demand sympathy. I have heard that these
claimants are in poor circumstances, and if I could
conscientiously stand here and ask Congress to
make an appropriation for their relief, I would do
it, for I would rather report in their favor than
against them. When we first discussed the matter
in committee, my colleagues knew that my mind
was biased in their favor, but every additional ex-
amination and reperusal of the papers, and I have
gone over them laboriously, voluminous as they
are, several times, convinced me of its injustice;
and the enormous amount they claimed destroyed
the sympathy I otherwise should have felt for
them.
In reference to the #113,000 which they claim to
have expended for coaches, horses, mules,&c., it
seems to me strange and singular that they should
have made this preparation in the face of the Post-
master General's repudiation of the contract, and
before it became a contract at all by the necessary
appropriation, and when they found that the con-
tract was not to go into operation, that they could
not have sold these coaches, horses, and mules for
something, crediting it on their claim. They say
nothing in regard to that, but claimed the entire
amount so expended and compensation for four
entire years* service.
For these various reasons the Post Office Com-
mittee have instructed me, I may say by a unan-
imous vote, to report a substitute for the joint res-
olution, declaring thatas the First Comptroller of
the Treasury had, in accordance with law, exam-
ined this claim and reported against it, the sixth
section of the act of August 18,1856, shall be, and
is hereby, repealed.
The question was taken on agreeing to the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee on the Post
Oflico and Post Roads; and it was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 362)
in relation to the Post Office Department.
The first section of the bill provides that the
time fixed for the limitation of suits against the
sureties of postmasters, by the third section of the
act of Congress, entitled "An act to rcduce into
one the several acts establishing and regulating
the Post Office Department," approved March 3,
1855, shall not be construed to run in any State
or part thereof, the inhabitants whereof have been,
by the proclamation of the President, declared in
a state of insurrection, during the time the insur-
rection shall continue. The second section makes
provision for administering the oath to various em-
ployes of the Post Office Department.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION OP COLORED CHILDREN.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation thatit do pass, bill of the House
No. 543, relating to schools for the education of
colored children in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORED PERSONS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I arttf
instructed by the Committee for the District of
Columbia to report back bill of the House No.
394, to repeal certain laws and ordinances in the
District of Columbia relating to persons of color.
As we have already passed a similar bill, I move
that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, bill of the House No. 556, to change the
place of holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of west Ten-
nessee.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judicary.
Mr. MAYN^RD. I withdraw that motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HON. C. L. V ALLAN DIG HAM.
"Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the petition
of sundry citizens of Cincinnati in relation to Hon.
Clement L. Vallandigham, and to ask that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration thereof and that it lie upon the table, for
the reason that there were no facts stated in the
petition or before the committee on which it could
act.
The petition was laid upon the table.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back bill of House No. 362,
to provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizance to secure
the trial of the same, with sundry amendments,
arid with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, was read, and is as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of •Ameiicain Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of State and the Seeretaiy of War be, and
they are hereby, directed forthwith oi as soon as practica-
ble to furnish to the judges of the cnciiu and districtcourta
of the United States and of the District of Columbia a list
of the names of all persons, citizens of States in which the
administration of the laws has continued unimpaired in the
said Federal courts, who are now, or may hereafter b^ held,
as prisoners of the United States in any fori, arsenal, or
other place, as State or political prisoners, or otherwise than
as prisoners of war; the said list to contain the names of
ali such who reside in the respective jurisdictions of said
judges, or who may be deemed by the said Secretaries, or
either of them, to have violated any law of the United States
in any of said jurisdictions, and also the date of each arrest
And in all cases where a grand juiy having aitended said
courts, or either ofthem having jurisdiction in the premises,
since the arrest of said persons, has terminated its session
without finding an indictment, or piesentment, or other
proceeding against such persons, and in cases hereinafter
provided lor, it shall be the duty of said judges foithwith to
order the discharge of such prisoner from t-aui imprison-
ment, and every officer of the United States having custody
of such prisoner is hereby directed Immediately to obey and
execute said judge's order, and in case lie shall delay or re-
fuse so to do, he shall be subject to indictment for a misde-
meanor, and be punished by a fine of not less than $500,
and imprisonment in the common jail for a period not less
than six months, in the discretion oi the court.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further Snacted, That in case anv of
such prisoners shall be under indictment or presentment for
any offense against the laws ot the United States, and by
existing laws bail or a recognizance may be taken ior the
appearance for trial of such person, it shall be the duty of
said judges at once to discharge such person upon bail or re-
cognizance for trial as aforesaid. And tfi case the said Sec-
retaiies of State and Warshal! for any reason refuse or oroit
to furnish the said list within five days from and after the
passage of this act, any citizen may, by a petition alleging
