3106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
the facts aforesaid touching any of the persons so as afore-
said imprisoned, supported by the oath of such petitioneror
any other credible person, obtain and be entitled to have the
paid judge's' order t"* discharge such prisoner: Provided,
howcuer, That the said judge shall be satisfied such allega-
tions are true, and shall also, In all cases included in this
bill, or if the public safety shall require it, have power and
be required to take a recognizance or bail from such pris-
oner to keep the pcace and be of food behavior toward the
United States, and also to appear before the pioper couit, if
he shall deenj the same necessary after due examination of
the case. And it shall be the duty of the district attorney
of the United States to attend at such examination by said
judge.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it is, and shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, whenever, in
bis judgmcntby reason of "rebellion or luv.is.iou the public
safety may require it," to suspend, by proclamation, the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus throughout the United
States or in any part thereof, and whenevei the ««aid writ
shaU be suspended as aforesaid, itshall be unlawful for any
of the judges of the several courts of the United States, or ot
any Statu, to allow said writ, anything in this or any oilier
act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
an inquiry of the gentleman who lias reported this
bill. If I understand the reading of thut last sec-
tion, in the event of the proclamation being made
by the President, the writ of habeas corpus will be
suspended in all cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. Within the territorial limits
prescribed in the proclamation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was about to in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio whether a dis-
tinction cannot be made. Personsmay be unlaw-
fully detained who arc not accused of any olfenses
against the State, or of anything like political of-
fenses, and it might be proper in such cases that
a writ of habeas corpus should be issued. Cannot
that distinction be drawn ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know but that it
might be possible to draw such a distinction, hut
it did not occur to me, nor did it occur to any
member of the Judiciary Committee, thatany such
line of distinction could well bo drawn. 1 suppose
myself, that it ought to rest in the discretion of
the Executive, ami doubtless it would under such
a law as this, to make such exceptions as he sup-
poses the public interests may require.
But the gentleman will observe that the power
which he isauthomed to exercise in the proposed
cases follows the exact language of the Consti-
tution itself, and it does seem to me that when no
exception is made in that instrument, when it was
hardly supposed compatible with the public safey
that there should be an exception made, it was
not to be expected that we should undertake such
a task as that in a mere statute, enacted under the
Constitution, and following its express provisions.
I am free to say, however, that it is one tff those
powers, pass the law in what form you may,
which is subject to great abuse, but, on the other
hand, witli an honest Executive, careful and jeal-
ous of the rights of the citizen, it does seem to
me that this bill is just as well guarded as itcould
be; certainly quite as well guarded as the consti-
tutional provision itself, as the gentleman doubt-
jess well enough remembeis. 1 have i\o desire to
press this bill to an immediate vote, though it does
seem to ?nc that, after all that we have heard, on
evyry sido of the House, it is desirable that some
such law as this should pass, as well for the pro-
tection of tho Executive as for the protection of
the citizens of the United States. It does seem
to mo proper that the people, through their Rep-
resentatives, should act in this matter.
Mr.BlDDLE. I desire to inquire whether the
bill as now read has been printed,and isupon our
files? If not, 1 should be sorry to see action
taken upon it before its provisions have been care-
fully scanned.
Mr. BINGHAM. The original bill was printed
on the 13th of March, I860, by order of the House,
and referred to the Judiciary Committee. The
chief change in this bill is the striking out of what
relutos to persons held and charged"for military
offenses, and the appending to the bill of an ad-
ditional section, which has relation to the suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus,
and which is very easy of comprehension.
Mr. BIDJDLE. It is an impoitant enactment,
and is yet in manuscript?.
Mr. BiNGl-IAM. I admit that th e amendment
is an impoitant one, but I ask the gentleman to
consider that the amendment is m the very words
of the Constitution itself, and that is the reason
why I think it ought to receive the approval of the
House. I have no desire to press this bill hastily
on theconsiderationofthe House. 1 think, myself,
and I have always thought—and it may not be im-
proper that I should say so here now—that the
Government of the United States is eminently a
Government of law, and that all the powers to be
exercised by it, both in peace and in war, are sub-
ject to the control of the people of the United States,
speaking through their Representatives and Sen-
ators in Congress assembled. At our first meet-
ing, in the midst of this tumult and conflict between
the different sectionsof the Union, I expressed my-
self as favorable to just such legislation as this. I
am sorry that it was not before the House long ago
and enacted. I think it is essential to the defense
of the citizens, and to the defense of the Executive
as well. He ought to act under the sanctions and
proceedings of law, and under the restraints of law
as well. On theother hand, the citizens of the Uni-
ted States must know, wherever they may be, that
both in war and in peace, they are the subjects of
consideration and of care on the part of their Rep-
resentatives in Congress. The session is well nigh
its close, and any delay in this matter may prevent
action on it this session. If the bill be passed now,
any proper amendments can be made to it in the
Senate.
Mr. ELIOT. Has the morning hour expired r
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the bill
and amendments be ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table.
The yens and nays were not oidered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Eliot's motion;
and it was agreed to.
CONFISCATION.
The House accordingly proceeded to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and took up the act
(II. 11. No. 471) to confiscate the property of rebels,
for the payment of the expenses of the piesent re-
bellion, and for other purposes; the question being
on the Senate amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert the following as
u substitute:
Tlml every person who shall hereafter commit the crime
of ueasum against the Unued States, and shall be adjudged
Utility theirof, shall Miller death, and all his -.laves, li ,inv,
chilli be declared and made lice ; or he shall be imprisoned
toi not less than live years and lined not less than ;$10,000,
ami all his slaves, if any, shall be declared and made lice;
said tine .shall be levied and collected on any oi all ol the
propei t v, teal and peiaonal, excluding .slaves, of which the
said pet son so convicted was the owner at the timeot com-
muting the .said ciime, any sale oi conveyance. to the con-
iraiy notwithstanding.
Ht.o. "2. And be it fuilhei enacted, That, if any pel son shall
hejealter incite, set on foot, a->M*t, or engage in any rebel-
lion or msuneetion against tho authority of the United
States, or the laws thereof, or shall give aid or comfort
thereto, or shall engage in, or give aid and comfott to, any
such existing rebellion oi insuirection, and bis convicted
thereof, such pei<on shall he punished by the forfeiture of
all IiIm personal property ot every kind whatever, includ-
ing choses m action, and by Hie lorleiuire of his lite estate
m any real propeity of winch he. may hi! the owner, whoie
ever situated within the United States, and by the libei ation
of all hi* slaves, it any he have ; and all such propei ty, ex-
cluding slaves, shall be foifeiied to the United States.
Snc. 3. And be it jurthcr enacted* That eveiy poison
guilty of either of the offenses deseiibed in this net shall
be torevcr incapable anddisqnalified to hold any oiliee un-
der the United State*.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That this act shall not
be consitued in any way to affect or alter the prosecution,
conviction, or punislnm nt ol any person oi peisons guilty
of tiea-am against the United States bofoie the passage of
tins act, unless such person is convicted under this aet.
Sr.o. ■>. And he it J urthcr enacted,That to hisum* the more
«peedy teunination ot tho present lobellion, and the appre-
hension, conviction, and punishment of the persons engaged
therein, the President is hereby authorized, and it shall be
his duty, by the marshals of the respective districts, or such
piynmisMoners or other otficeis as he may appoint for that
purpose, to seize and requester the propeity, real and pei-
son.il,of every kind, including choses m action, of such
pcisonsas shall have been actively and notoriously engaged
in said rebellion, and especially of persons hereafter acting
as otlicers of tiie army or navy of the lcbels, now or heie-
after in firms against the United States ; persons heieafter
acting as president or vice president, members of congress,
head of department, civil officer, judge, foreign minister,
or commissioner of the so-caitrd oontedeiatc States ; per-
sons hereafter acting as an ollioer, whether civil, nuiitaiy,
or naval, of any State or Territoiy, who by the constitution
of the so-called confederate States is icquired to take an
oath to support said constitution; peison* who^havingheld
an office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States,
shall hereafter take up arms against the United States; per-
sons who, owning property in the loyal States or Territo-
ries, or the loyal portions of the disloyal States, shall heie-
after assist or give aid and comfort to the present rebellion ;
and to hold and possess such propeity for the United States,
to secure the appearance of tiie offender to take his tual
and abide such punishment as shall be adjudged a«ainst
him. No stave shall be seized under this act; but the Uni-
ted States shall have a lien ori all theslaves of the prisons
herein described, to answer such order as may be made in
regard to them tor their liberation ; and no sale thereof shall
bem any force or effect attei the commission of said ollense.
Sec. 6. And, be it further enacted, That the piopcrty so
seized ami sequestered shall be held, possessed, occupied,
or rented by the officers aforesaid, until the owneis thereof
can be proceeded against by legal pioseeution ; and. if con-
victed, until the propertv can be levied upon, or be declaicd
forfeited to the United States as herein piovided. And all
such personal property as shall be so taken, winch is per-
ishable, or expensive in keeping, may be sold by said offi-
cer in tiie same way and manner that goods and chattels
taken m execution can be sold in the same State; and said
officers shall keep and lender full accounts of all the leeeipts
and avails of said property so sold, let, or occupied, and pay
over the same, deducting the necessary expenses, to the
Treasury of the United States. And if the owner ot said
piopcrty shall be discharged on trial, or sooner, by oider ot
the court, said property, or the pi oceeds thereof, it the same
shall have been sold, shall be returned to said owner.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be \t further enacted, That it the owner of
any pioperty^which may be seized, as aforesaid, shall flee
from justice so that he cannot be brought to trial upon in-
dictment found, and a letuin upon the process for his arrest
that he cannot be found, an oidei shall be made by the court
where said indictment is pending rpquumg such peison to
appear before said couit at such time as may be fixed theie-
m, and take his tual upon pain ot forfeiture of all his prop-
erty, and the liberation of all his slaves if he shall fail to do
so; which said oider shall be published in such mannerand
for such time as the court may determine; and if such per-
son shall not appear and take his trial as lequned, such
peison shall betaken and deemed to have renounced all
claim to any property which may have been seized as afore-
said, or of which he shall be the owner, and he and his
liens shall be foiever bat rod from making any claim or
maintaining any action for the recovery thereof, but the
same shall be forfeited and become the piopcrty of the Uni-
ted States, and hi* slaves, if an v, shall be Iree.
Sec 8. Ami be it further enacted. That the President of
the United .Staler, whenever he shall deem it nece*saiy
and propei tor a speedy and sueec-stul teinunation of the
piesent n-bellion, that any peisonal piopcrty, seized by the
Aimy or Navy, and belonging to a person who shall, after
the passage of this act, have engaged m rebellion or given
aid or comfort thereto, should be confiscated, may cause
proceedings in rem to be instituted against said piopcrty,
as in admiralty or revenue cases; and if said piopcrty shall
be found to have belonged to a person engaged in rebellion,
or who has so given aid and comfort thereto, tho aiune shall
be loiteitedand bccome the propeity ot the United States,
and may be sold or disposed of as the couit shall dnect.
Sue. 9. ^lnd be it further enacted. That at any time after
the passage oi tin* act, whenever the Pres-ident oi the Uni-
ted States .shall deem it neecssaiy for the suppression of
thi* rebellion, he shall issue his piuclamatiou commanding
all persons immediately to lay down their arms and to re-
turn to their allegiance to the United States; proclaiming
.that if any peison within any State or district declaied by
limi in a state of insurrection, shall be found m arms against
the (Joveinmont of the United States thirty day  aftei the
date of such proclamation, or giving aid and eomfoit to the
piesent icbellioii, the slaves of all such peisons, within
such State oi di&iucr, shall he made lice, and thereupon
the slaves of all such persons at the expiration of said
tlmty days, shall be ftee and foievei diseh.nged ftom any
and all claim to their laboi ot seivtee, any Jaw or custom
ot any State to the contraiy notwithstanding.
Sec. 10. Jlnd he it further enacted, That no slave escap-
ing into any State, Teintory, or the District of Columbia
fiom any other State shall be delivered up, or in any way
impeded or hmileied of his liberty, exccpt tor crime or some
offense against the laws, unless the peison claiming said
fugitive shall fn&t make oath that the person to whom the
labor oi service of such fugitive is alleged to be due is his
lawful owner, and has not borne arms airainst the United
States in the present rebellion, nor m any way given aid
and coiutoi t thereto ; ami no person engaged m the military
or naval service of the United States shall, under any piM-
tense whatever, assume to decide on the validity of the
chum of any poison to the service or laboi ot any other per-
son, oi surrender up any such peit-on to the claimant, on
pain ot Ixnng dismissed timn the «eiviee.
Sro. 11. And !>e x I further enacted, That the President of
the United States is authored to employ as many persons
of African descent as he mav deem noce^aiv and proper
for the suppression of tin* rebellion ; and tor "this put pose
he may oiganize and n e them in such manner as he may
judge bo^t lor thy public wcltarc.
Skc.12. And be it fait her enacted, That the President of
the United States is heicby atithouzed to make provision
foi the transportation,colonization,and settlementin some
tropical eountiy beyond the hunts of the United States ot
such pptsons ot the Ai'ncan lace made free by the provis-
ions of thi> act a* may be willing to emigrate," having first
obtained tiie consent of the Government o£said country to
their piot'^ction and settlement within the same, with all
the rights and piivileges of freemen.
She. 13. And be it furtheuenaeted, That the President is
hereby authorized, at any time hereafter, by proclamation,
to extend to persons who may have participated in the ex-
isting rebellion in any State or part thereof, pardon and
amnesty, with such exceptions, and at .such time, and on
such conditions, as he may deem expedient for the public
welfare.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the courts of the
United States shall have full power to institute proceed-
ings, make orders and decrees, and do all other things ne-
cessary to carry this act into effect.
Mr. ELIOT. This amendment is very well
