161
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
would be strange, selected as they are and edu-
cated at one institution, that they should all be
men of great intellect; but they are trained men,
and they have shown in all the contests of the
past devotion and ability, and I believe they will
do if in this war. I know there are complaints
that they are not in earnest, that their hearts are
not in this contest. No doubt there are many
officers in the Army, as there are many officers in
the volunteers, whose hearts are not in this con-
test; and probably there are as many such in the
volunteers&s in the West Pointgraduates. I sup-
pose that in former days the old Army was pretty
nearly equally divided between the Whig and the
Democratic parties; but when the new issues of
the last few years came up, situated as they were,
the largest proportion of the officers of the Army
sided with those who have administered the Gov-
ernment during the last ten years. When this
war opened, their sympathies and their feelings
were unquestionably against those who are ad-
ministering this Government; and to-day, as far
as I can judge from looking over the list, of the
one hundred and ten brigadiers, at least eighty are
opposed to the present Administration. When-
ever there is a separate command, with but one
solitary exception, that command is under the
control of a general opposed to the present Ad-
ministration.
Mr, WADE. Opposed to the war?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, not opposed to the
war; but they are men who did not sympathize
with those who brought this Administration into
power. I say nothing of the wisdom of making
these selections; but I am not surprised that they
were made, because the largest proportion of the
men that had any military experience were not
in harmony or sympathy with those who brought
this Administration into power; and many of the
volunteer officers, when they left their homes to
come into the field, believed that this war was
brought upon the country by the men who enter-
tain the views that you, sir,and I, and a majority
in this Chamber entertain. But, sir, this is all
being rapidly cured. Take this class of men from
under political control; take them away from the
misrepresentations of newspapers and party or-
ganizations; bring them here, put them across the
river; let them sleep under the covering of their
tents in these cold nights; let them traverse through
" the sacred soil of Virginia" knee deep in mud;
let them stand out on picket guard and be fired
at, and they soon learn who the traitors are who
brought on this war; and they arc fast learning
what the cause of the war is. I say here to-day
that nine tenths of the army of the Potomac un-
derstand who brought on this war, and what is its
cause. You may take any class of men, however
educated, or however associated at home, and put
them thirty days under the flag of the country in
face of this rebellion, and they will understand it
all, and comprehend it, and know why we are in a
war, and who has brought this wicked and cause-
less lebellion upon us, and forced us into a bloody
struggle.
Sir, X do not think West Point is justly liable
to the censure administered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] I do not think that the men
from the rebellious States that have gone into this
contest, who were educated at West Point, were
any more disloyal than theirfellow-citizens. The
public men of those States led the country into
this war. They had a purpose in it. They car-
ried many of these officers with them; and it is a
fact well knosvn in the Army and out of the Army
that some of the officers resigned their commis-
sions, and went home under promises of increased
rank and position; but many of them resigned
with the greatest possible reluctance.
If we are to defeat this bill, let us do it on the
principle of economizing the expenditures of the
Government, and then let us act on that policy
during the rest of the session; for 1 believe to-day
that our danger lies in the extravagant expendi-
tures we have upon us. However, 1 think wc
can well incur the small expense that will be en-
tailed on the country by the passage of this bill,
and 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator from
Iowa will allow a letter which I have sent to the
desk to be read. 1 do not wish to do injustice to
the officers of the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The letter sent up by the Senator
from Ohio will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Adjutant General's Office.
Washington, December 14, 3861.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the oth instant, addressed
to Major General McClellan, I am directed to &ay that the
services of Captains Forsyth and Marker aie required with
their regiment now in Oregon, and that permission cannot
be granted them to command the regiments of Ohio volun-
teers, as requested by you.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. TIIOMAS,
Adjutant General.
Hon. John Sherman, United States Senator'
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the argu-
ment, drawn from the disloyalty of the officers of
the Army who resigned and abandoned their po-
sitions in the service during the last winter and
spring, is not a very cogent one. They were born
in the States that are now disloyal, they were ap-
pointed from those States, many of them owned
property there; they therefore went with that por-
tion of the country when it engaged in rebellion;
but surely that gives no reason to suppose that
Representatives in Congress from the loyal States
will appoint young men who will hereafter turn
out to be disloyal. But I rose, sir, to correct what
I think is a very great misapprehension of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in supposing
that the passage of this bill will entail great addi-
tional expense on the Government. He says it
will create an additional expense of §200,000 a
year. I think the Senator is greatly mistaken in
that. It may be true, doubtless it is, that the
average annual expense of each cadet at West
Point heretofore has been $1,000. We pay them
thirty dollars a month—$360 a year; which is all
they get. The balance of the $1,000 is made up
in the salaries of the professors, m keeping horses
essential in teaching these young gentlemen the
art of riding; in powderand ammunition, and arti-
cles of that kind. The aggregate expense may be
$1,000 for each cadet, but it will be no greater if
we pass this bill than it has been heretofore, for
by this bill we only supply from the loyal States
just about the number of students that have here-
tofore been supplied to the academy from the dis-
loyal States. Besides, we are obliged to keep up
the corps of professors, we are obliged to keep up
all this paraphernalia, to enable them to carry on
the instruction properly, and the only additional
expense over what has heretofore been incurred
will be the pay of the small excess of students that
will be sent there under this bill over the number
that were m nt under the law as it existed prior to
the rebellion. The only expen.se that will be added
by the bill over the expenditure to-day will be
the pay and rations of the additional students,
amounting, I think, to about thirty-six thousand
dollars.
Mr. WADE. There is another reason, in ad-
dition to those I stated before, why I am opposed
to this bill, I perceive that all over the country
private military schools are springing up, and mil-
itary tactics are being taught in our high schools.
Our high schools are getting gentlemen skilled in
military science as teachers. 1 am in favor of that
process which is going on. I believe it is doing
away with any necessity for this monopoly, this
aristocratic branch of our Government. If any
necessity did at one time exist for a Government
institution like this, that necessity has now alto-
gether ceased. If men have an interest to become
versed in matters of military science, they will
turn their attention to that branch as they do to
everything else; and I think there is no more ne-
cessity now for the Government undertaking the
education of military men than of coach-makers,
or of men in any other branch of life. It would
be a very sad thing for us if no locomotives could
be built, or if ships could not be built for our mer-
chant service; but it would be entirely improper
and unnecessary for the Government to undertake
to instruct men in those arts, and it is just as un-
necessary, at this time, that it should undertake
the education of men in military affairs. I have
no doubt that our private military schools are as
good and as thorough in every way as is the mil-
itary establishment at West Point; and they have
this immense advantage over it, that the young
men who are educated'there are so educated be-
cause they believe that a military education is
suited to them, because they have some natural
genius for it; but here they go into your Military
Academy because they can get an education there
at the expense of the Government, and they are
not as likely to be as well adapted to this profes-
sion as if they commenced it voluntarily in private
schools.
Another great objection to this institution is
that it stands in the way of men of merit rising
from the ranks to high military position. Your
regular soldier has nothing to encourage him; his
ambition is dead, benumbed by this system of
monopoly. When a man goes into your ranks,
he knows that he is to remain there forever, and
that strikes a more benumbing blow at the effi-
ciency of your army than can be overcome or
overbalanced by the education that young men
may get there.
I agree with my colleague that the men who
will eminently distinguish themselves in this war,
who will come forward and show themselves ca-
pable of commanding great armies in the field,
will be men the scope of whose intellect has never
been narrowed down to the rules of your military
school. It was so in our last war with Great Brit-
ain. Our military officers then grew up with the
service. There was General Brown, the man who
in the war of 1812 first turned the tide of affairs
in our favor. Our old officers all failed; they were
good for nothing; they sacrificed theirarmies, and
misfortune attended us everywhere. Here was a
man who had no military pretensions; when he
went into the Army he was a militia officer; but
he showed military talent, and he was advanced
and took the lead of the Army, and from that time
onward other men grew up in your service and
conducted the war to a final and glorious termi-
nation. His predecessors were men who were
supposed to have military education. I believe
General Hull was an educated military man; at
all events he had been a military officer in the
Revolution. So of Wilkinson; so of a great many
others who brought nothing but defeat and dis-
grace on the American arms.
I think there is no necessity for this increase of
cadets at West Point, and certainly it can be of
no use in our present controversy, while it is at-
tended with considerableexpense; and that alone,
if there was nothing else, would determine me to
go against it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I suppose
no one pretends that this increase of cadets at the
Military Academy will be of any service what-
ever during the present war. We are now edu-
cating thoroughly about thirty thousand officers;
certainly over twenty-five thousand officers are
receivinga military education in the field superior
to any other education that can be given to mili-
tary men. For forty years we shall have this
great army of educated military men to draw
from. Now, why increase the number of cadcts
at West Point at this time ? A necessity for it may
have existed a year ago, or two years ago, or five
years ago; but now I am prepared to vote to abol-
ish West Point Academy. I believe that for this
institution the present rebellion would never have
broken out. I have been informed that an officer
of the southern army, at a public dinner table in
Montreal the other day, stated that there were
traitors enough among the old officers of your
Army now in command to render it utterly im-
possible for you ever to acquire victory. It is
said that he was a little drunk; such men do get
so sometimes; but he made that statement.
I understand that the average expense to the
Government of each West Point graduate for life
is $75,000: By educating these men, you fasten
themupon your Treasury whether you want them
or not. They are appointed brevet second lieu-
tenants the moment they graduate, though you do
not require them; and they are regularly promoted
according to seniority. You will finallyhave by
this system an army of officers utterly worthless,
scattered all over the land, leeches upon your
Treasury, whom you will ncvorneed; whereas the
officers whom you are now educating in front of
theenemy and under fire are to be diffused through-
out your entire population.
Another thing, sir; we have discovered that one
of your volunteer colonels, who has received a
home military education,will raise you a regiment
in thirty days almost anywhere, whereas your
West Point men cannot raise a regiment; send
them all out to recruit and the whole of them can-
not raise a regiment in two months. I was talk-
ing with a captain of the regular Army the other
