1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
home, even if you do strip them of their pay. But
that is no reason atali why we should not be just
to them. If they come here under the implied
contract that they shall have this pay, they ought
to have it, and this distinction should not be made.
If the chairman will agree to the amendment he
suggested, to make a reduction of ten percent,
from those who receive $2,000 and upwards, and
a reduction of five per cent, from those who re-
ceive under that amount, 1 will go with him cheer-
fully; but I do not want everybody, the men at
your doors around here, and who earn $800,
$900, or $600, to have ten per cent, of their earn-
ings deducted. If you will make it so as to bear
less harshly and less unjustly, I will go with you.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will you
go for a reduction of ten per cent, on all salaries
oyer $2,000?
Mr. CLARK. I will go cheerfully with the
Senator in that in all civil employments. I will
go with him in any fair deduction, if you can
make one, for the permanent reduction of the pay
of officers of the Army, so as to put it on an
equal basis; but I do not like a provision that will
operate so harshly upon these different classes. I
agree with what my colleague says, that it is ne-
cessary we should make some reduction in our
own compensation. It would be setting an hon-
orable example to the country; and I would be
very glad to do it; but while 1 should be willing
to do that, 1 am not willing to do injustice to other
classcs; and it is not right that it should be asked.
I want to protect them. Now, if it can be agreed
upon as to what is the true measure, I shall he
thankful, and will go for it; or, as I said, I will
go for a proposition to tax ourselves ten percent.,
and let the others go.
Mr. WILLEY. It has been intimated by Sen-
ators that this provision sounded very well, per-
haps, upon the popular ear; and it may be sup-
posed that Senators who support a proposition of
economy are influenced by such considerations.
Well, sir, while the vote which I shall give is in
no wise controlled by such considerations, I be-
lieve it is a legitimate influence, and one that
ought to be felt and recognized m this body. It is
apparent to me that the day of retrenchment must
come. The necessity for it is imperative; it is
overwhelming. We may put off the day; we may
protract the time at which wo shall commence this
retrench mem and reform m the expenditure of the
Government; but the time will come, and {he
longer we put it off the mote difficult will it be
to meet the demands of the occasion that will then
arise. We are expending or incurring a debt of
$1,500,000 every day. The effects of this state
of things are apparent upon the business of the
country, upon the value of property, upon all our
commercial and industrial mtei ests and pursuits.
They are daily depreciating; and the question is,
whether it is not proper and right and just, in and
of itself, to commence retrenchment even with
our own salaries.
As has been justly remarked, this has no ref-
erence to the pay of the common soldier, the pri-
vate in the ranks. I do not know that it ought
to extend that far. But then the legal objection
arises, the mere technical objection, that the offi-
cers in our volunteer service entered into that ser-
vice upon the express understanding that they
were to have so much compensation for their ser-
vices?. Let us see if the same objection, to some
extent, does not apply to eveiyother officer of
the Government who will be affected by the pas-
sage of this bill. But there is another consider-
ation: while it may violate technically this prin-
ciple of contract between the country and the
volunteer, what is in point of fact its operation
upon him ? Is it really doing him any injustice ?
Is not property depreciating? Has not everything
which lie has to buy, and which enters into his
subsistence in life, depreciated since the day his
salary was fixed ? I ask Senators to consider
whether, with this reduction often per cent., his
salary to-day would notin point of fact be as val-
uable and worth as much to him, and enable him
to purchase of all the necessaries of life or any-
thing else which he wishes to purchase, as the
whole salary would at the time he entered into (he
service, and at the time the salary was fixed. It
is practically doing him no injustice, because he
gets as much in effect, and, in fact, with a reduc-
tion of ten per cent, on his wages, as he would
have got if things had remained'at the same state
of value which existed at the time he entered the
service.
I did not rise to enter into any extended re-
marks on this subject. I rose only to state that
I am satisfied we must commence retrenchment,
and we must commence it soon; and as it is said
charity begins at home, I am very willing to be-
gin with my own salary, and to reduce it ten per
cent, or more, if necessary. Reduction must
come or disaster will come. Reduction in the ex-
penses of the country must take place, or we shall
find ourselves, unless I am very much mistaken,
in a condition in which we shall not be able to
pay our soldiers anything or to sustain an army
in the field. The country cannot endure this con-
stantly accumulating weight of taxation rising
mountain high and in Atlas-like proportions upon
all the interests of the country. Why, sir, who
pay these taxes? The people at large. Their
property has depreciated more than ten per cent,
since these salaries were fixed; and should not
the soldier in the field, much as I honor him, the
officer who stands firmly at his post, allow his sal-
ary to be reduced ten per cent., when in point of
fact it is equally valuable, to all practical purposes,
as was the whole amount at the time the salary
was fixed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on striking out the
ninth and sixteenth sections of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Half..] how-
over, moves an amendment to the ninth section, the
ellect of which is to strike out from the section so
much as excepts the President of the United States
and the judges of the United States courts from the
operation of the deduction proposed in that sec-
tion. The Chair begs leave to state that thatpor-
tion of the scction was incorpoiatcd in it some
days ago in the form of an amendment, so that it
is not now open either to iejection or to modifi-
cation ; but the Senator will reach his object when
the bill shall have been reported to the Senate
upon the question of concurrence in that amend-
ment. The Chair will suggest to the Senator,
then, the propriety of withdrawing his amend-
ment. The Chair is obliged to rule it out of order.
Mr. CLARK. I was drawing, in consultation
with the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, an amendment providing that there should
be deducted during the present rebellion from the
compensation of all persons in the civil service of
the United States whose pay exceeds $1,500 a
year, ten percent.of the amountof their compen-
sation, including the mileage of members of Con-
gi ess, and from those whose compensation is less
than $1,500, five per cent., excluding the judges
and the Piesident. I have notgotit quite finished.
I therefore simply give notice to the Senate that
if this section shall be stricken out, I shall propose
to insert instead of it the provision which I have
stated.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion, so that wc may vote on striking out each
section separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The two sec-
tions are depending together, but the Chair regards
the sections as divisible and subject to a separate
vote on the demand of a member. The question
now is on striking out the ninth section.
Mr. HOWE. I did not know that the sections
necessarily were dependent on each other and con-
nected together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was a
suggestion of the Chair. The Chair legards the
two sections as connected with each other; the
amendment is in fact a single proposition to strike
them out, but being in two sections they are sub-
ject to division if the Senator desires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division if there
is any question about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on striking out the ninth sec-
tion.
Mr. HALE, Is not my motion to amend in
order befoie that question is taken? I thought it
was in order to move to amend a section before
the vote on a motion to strike out was taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- ,
d«'fstood the amendment of the Senator from New j
Hampshire to be to modify or to strike out from ,
the ninth section what had been mcoi porated into |
that section as an amendment. J
Mr. HALE. Probably the President misunder- I
stood me. The first amendment was to change
the form of it. Where it says " there shall be de-
ducted from the compensation/' my motion was
to strike out 44 deducted" and say 44 there shall be
a tax levied upon the compensation."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will be read in connection with the section,
that the Chair may understand it.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Hale,
to strike out in the second and third lines of the
ninth section the words 44 deducted from," and in-
sert " levied as a tax on," and in the ninth line to
strike out "deduction," and insert44 tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire whether that is not a matter
that will be more pertinent to the tax bill ? Here
it will lead to confusion. Would it not be better
to leave it to be considered when the tax bill comes
here, and to be incorporated with it in some way
or other? It seems to me there is an incongruity
in tacking a little piece of taxation on one bill and
a little piece of taxation on another. The matter
of taxation should be all together in the same bill,
wheie it can be considered together; and having
the subject all before us at one time, we should be
not so likely to make inconsistencies and incon-
gruities in the bill. I merely throw out this sug-
gestion for the consideration of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was precisely what
I suggested m the beginning,as thedifficulty about
this kind of legislation. You pass this as a re-
duction m the first place, and then comes in the
income tax on top of it. You cannot make dis-
tinctions in the tax bill between different pursuits.
I suggested, therefore, that this section ought not
to be passed in its present shape until we knew
what thp tax bill wa«j, and saw how it would oper-
ate. Hence I desired, m the first place, to let'this
go to that time. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, however, is very anxious to pass the re-
maining part of his bill; and I therefore suggested
to him that we had better strike out these sections
and pass the remaining part of his bill, and then
consider this question in connection with the tax
or some other bill.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not want to do anything by
indirection, and I will state very frankly to the
Senate what I intend by this amendment. The
section, in the form in which it now stands as a
reduction fiom salaries, may be obnoxious to the
censure of being m contravention of the Consti-
tution, because the Constitution says that certain
officers shall have a salary which shall not be di-
minished during their continuance in office. In
accordance with that, an amendment has been
adopted in Committee of the Whole excepting the
President of the United States and the judges of
the United States courts from the general provis-
ion made applicable to all other officers. Now,
sir, I say in all sincerity, and I believe it just as
truly as I believe anything, that the judges of the
Supreme Court and the President of the United
States, instead of wishing such an exception as
that, will feel hurt and mortified at it; and I believe,
just exactly as much as I believe them to be honest
and honorable men with the common feelings of
humanity, that they would ask as a favor that you
do not cxccpt them from a burden which you im-
pose on everybody else. I see a smile of incre-
dulity on some faces around me, and I am aston-
ished atit; for, of all the severe things I have ever
heard said of that court, nothing is so severe as a
smile of incredulity at the remark that they would
willingly bear the burdens that are imposed on
the rest of society.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a practical diffi-
culty in the way of the adoption of the amend-
ment, that I will suggest to the Senator from New
Hampshire, and I hope, thercfoie, that he will
not adhere to it. The Senate cannot originate a
proposition for taxation; by the Constitution it
must be left to the House of Representatives. But
that is not all; this proposition would create a dif-
ficulty in keeping the accounts and books in the
Treasury Department. A deduction, asamatter
of couise, is made at once from all the officers of
the Army and Navy and the civil service; but if
you levy a tax, you have got to keep an account
of that tax. It will create great embarrassment
