2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
profitable concern. I can cite a railroad in my
Stale thai has ruined everybody that had any-
thing to do with it.
Mr. GRIMES. A street railroad?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; because we have never
been rich enough to have one. We have never
had a street railroad in my State. They have
got some in other States that are not worth the
paper 011 which they are written. The idea of
taking: one railroad as a criterion of the profit of
others is a singular one, unless the circumstances
are alike. The difficulty is, we assume this to be
a profitable undertaking without knowing any-
thing about it. It may be profitable; I dare say
it will be; but I do not think it will Be so very
profitable if we impose a tax upon it at the out-
set, especially as suggested by the Senator from
Rhode Island,as the Government is to take three
per cent, out of it to start with, if we agree to
that amount of tax in the tax bill. I think we
had better concur in the report of the committee
of conference and try the experiment. It is prob-
ably the best thing we shall have.
Mr. WADE. This is a mighty small contro-
versy, in my judgment, for the"Senate of the Uni-
ted States iu tune of war to be engaged in; a mighty
small business, that would become a set of till ped-
dlers better than the Senate. [Laughter.] Now,
sir, what is it? A contest between the moil who
shall be the bare ghosts to launch this corpora-
tion; and that is ali there is about it. If any Sen-
ator on this floor can show me how it is, under
this bill, that any man named as a corporator has
any advantage over any other man, or that it
makes any difference either to the public or the
subscribers of the stock who are named as cor-
porators, 1 will vote with him against it. They
certainly can take no more stock than outsiders
can. If there is any profit in it, if any man thinks
it a profitable business, let him be on the spot, and
see that he subscribes for his stock. That is all
there is about it.
I was a member of the committee that reported
this bill originally. We put in a set of corpora-
tors. I did not care who were put in, because wc
had guarded the bill in such a way that it was
wholly immaterial who the corporators were.
The House struck out those we had put ill, and
inserted a new .set. I would us lief change it again
the next moment, if any body wants to change it,
because it is wholly immaterial. The whole
trouble seems to be about the persons who shall
have the privilege of being corporators. I would
thank those who make so important a point of
that to tell me what advantage a corporator has
over anybody else in respect to this corporation
Why, sir, the directors of the concern aie all to
bo elected immediately after the stock is sub-
scribed. They are to be elected by the stock-
holders, not by the corpoi atoi s. The corporators
pass awuy, if I understand it. As 1 said befoie,
they are only to launch the thing, to start it, to
open tile books, and then their office passes away.
That is the only advantage they can have. It is
totally immaterial to me who they are. I won-
dered, as other gentlemen have wondered, why
the House were so tenacious on this point, that
they must have a particular set of men. I do not
know now who they are. I understand this com-
mittee of conference hits struck them all out, and
inserted an entirely new set. I am peil'ectly will-
ing that they should. I was asked on the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to name acor-
?orator if I wanted any. I did not want any; but
knew a gentleman, an honest, reliable, and in-
telligent man of this city, and I named him, be-
cause it was said we want to get honorable men.
I do not suppose he is retained here.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, he is.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that he is. I do
not core anything about it. He is a good, honest,
intelligent business man, and if he is there he will
see that the books are opened m exact accordance
with the directions of tins law, and that every man
who wants to subscribe shall have his stock
marked down on the books, if he is not retained,
I presume there will be some other man just as !
good in his place. But it will be no advantage to
him if he is one of these corporators, and I have 1
not taken the pains to know whether they have !
retained him or not. I understood the conference •
committee struck them all out and pat in a new
set. 1 he Senator from Iowa says he is retained
It is no matter whether he is or not.
If this concern is to be so profitable as gentle-
men suppose, that argument goes to show tnat we
should not charge as much as five cents for a ride
upon this road. If it is to be so immensely prof-
itable, reduce the fare to one cent, and let every-
body travel as near free as they can. Why de-
mand a bonus from the company? If it is to be
so profitable that the stockholders ought not to
make so much profit out of it, who is entitled to
the excess ? The public are entitled to it, if there
is any benefit in it. Hut as the bill now stands,
it provides for an amendment in that particular,
a reduction of the fare, if it is found to be exceed-
ingly profirable. It is guarded in every way that
human prudence could foresee and anticipate and
provide for; and yet it is not satisfactory to the
Senate. We siand here higgling about it to the
detriment, as I think, o,f much more important
business that should occupy our attention.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very easy for gentlemen
who have their minds already made up, with whom
the vote in favor of the bill is a foregone conclu-
sion, to say that it is necessary for us to pass this
bill if we desire to have any at all. How do they
know that* How do they know that the House
of Representatives will not consent to a proper bill,
if we refuse to concur in this report and authorize
the appointment of another conference committee?
Is it so unusual a thing for the two Houses to have
a conflict in a matter of this sort? I apprehend
that nothing is more common in legislative bodies,
and disagreements of this kind are very frequently
reconciled. I undertake to say that not twenty
men in the House of Representatives were con-
scious of the character of the bill they first passed
through that House creating this railroad com-
pany. I have failed to find the first man who is a
member of that House who did not deny that he
knew anything at all about the provisions of that
bill. What were the provisions of it? It was a
close corporation. It virtually pufintothe hands
of the men named in it as corporators the entire
control of the company, not for a short time, not
for one year even, hut under the provisions of that
bill they were authorized and could exercise le-
gally the entire control of that corporation as Ions:
as the corporators might live. And then, sir, it did
not require the road to be ever built. It did not
require only a portion of it to be built in any spe-
cific time, but said they might build these other
branches which we now require to be built.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] says this
is an extraordinary exhibition of the Senate. hig-
gling over a bill of this kind in war time. Why,
Mr. President, there is a principle involved in this
bill. The Senator himself confesses that he does
not know anything about it. He says he does
not even know the names of the corporators in it.
In one breath he says he does not know what the
provisions of the hill are, and in the next he tells
us that it is guarded and bound up in such a way
that there can be no advantage taken by anybody
under its provisions. There is an advantage in
being one of the corporators, I undertake to say.
I find no fault with the corporators. It is not any
controversy on my part over the men named in
the bill as corpoiators, or as commissioners, as
they are sometimes called. I only know a few of
them. One of them I know is not a resident of
the city, although he has been denominated such.
Four weeks ago he was representing a district of
Virginia m the other House. Another one is only
tempoiauly heie; he is a clerk in one of the De-
pattments, and docs not belong to this District.
But I know nothing against the character of any
of these men, and therefore 1 object to no one of
them; but I object to giving such extraordinary
powers to any commissioners or to any corpo-
rators, as are given to these corporators. I say
it is not proper for us to set such an example in
legislation to the country, as to authorize these
corporators to declare, whenever they please, that
the stock shall be three or five hundred thousand 1
dollars; to give them the power to increase it from |
three to five hundred thousand dollats atany time !
while the subscription is goingon, so that thereby i
they may enable themselves or their friends to get j
the entire control of the corporation. That is the ;
principle. That is what I object to. It is not to :
the men named as corporators. I have no fault '
to find wit^them. I do not know anything about !
a majority of them; but I do object to such a
principle as that being incorporated into the bill. !
I do object to our setting such an example of !
legislation to the Legislatures of the States and
Territories.
That is not all, Mr. President. The argument
which gentlemen use, the motive by which many
men are controlled, seems to be that they want a
raihoad for their personal convenience. I say
that while we are seeking our own personal con-
venience in the establishment of this road, we
ought to regard somewhat the rights and interests
of the citizens of this District. I say it is over-
stepping our duty to them, who have no voice,
who have no vote here, when we say that we will
not regard their interests; and I say that in view
of the legislation in other cities on the same sub-
ject,where bonuses are required cither in the shape
of money, as in Baltimore, or the shape of paving
streets and wateung streets, as in Boston and New
York, we ought to require a bonus from these
people.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask the Senator from
Iowa what interest of the cities of Washington
or Georgetown this bill disregards?
Mr. GRIMES. I think that the citizens of
Georgetown and Washington, by the passage of
this bill, will be entirely ignored. I undertake to
say that they are first ignored m the corporators,
although i do not object to them. One of them
is, or was recently, a citizen of the State of New
Hampshire, and is, I believe, the Senator's land-
lord. He is not taxed upon the books of the city,
as 1 understand, for one cent of real estate. An-
other is a citizen of Indiana, I think.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Not now. He was
recently.
Mr. GRIMES. He is now a clerk in one of
your Departments. So I might go on through the
list, and show you that they are mere temporary
residents in this District. 1 think thatis nottreat-
ing the citizcns of Washington propeily. 1 say
that we ought to go among tho*c citizens and take
substantial, reliable, permanent men, and make
them the corporators. I think that is ignoring
them.
I say, again, that when we disregard the voice
of the people of the District in regard to a bonus
being required, we are trampling upon their rights.
That is my view of it. Then, I say it is due to
the citizens of the District that they should be put
upon an entire equality with non-residents in re-
gard to these subscriptions. You require money
to be paid by a citizen. He has nothing else to
pay with; he has no checksin remote banks; but
you give a non-resident, for whose benefit that
provision was inserted, the pi ivilege of paying his
subscription in depreciated checks,and diafts,and
certificates of deposit of banks in a remote part of
the Union, of the solvency, of the character, and
of the value of which your corporators or com-
missioners can know nothing.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. Presidenf, the answer of
the Senator from Iowa brings us back to the same
point which sticks out so prominently m this de-
bate, and that is, that we have not got in the bill
the men whom he wants.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I have not said so.
Mr. CLARK. He says the District is ignored,
because we struck out the men he put in.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have already stated that I
refused to put m the name of a single individual;
I have no choice among them; but my point is,
that when you go to select them, you ought to
regard the views and interests of the people of the
District, and not the interests of outsiders.
Mr. CLARK. I do not intend to be misunder-
stood. I understand that the Senatorfrom Iowa
reported the first bill with the first corporators in it.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that now all those
are out, and a new set in.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; not all.
Mr. CLARK. Nearly all.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, nearly all.
Mr. CLARK. And he insists that the old ones
ought to have been retained, and that they were
good ones.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I have said no such
thing; I^have intimated no such thing, and the
Senator has no light to draw any such conclusion.
Mr. CLARK. I insist that I am right in draw-
ing the conclusion, because he finds fault with the
very men who are put iu, and he says this man
is not a resident of the District, and that man has
been h ere only so long, and I infer that he is dis-
satisfied with them.
