1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107
known, Mr. Speaker, as the Clark bill. I move
that the House non-concur, and on that I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for the yeas
and nays on concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. X move to lay the amend-
ment on the table, and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the effect of
this motion. If agreed to, does it lay the bill on
the table?
The SPEAKER. The laying; an amendment
on the table carries the bill with it.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Baily,
Biddle, Calvert, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Ciisfield,
Cuttenden, Diven, Dunlap, English, Granger, Grider,
Haiarht, Hall, Harding, Holman, Jackson, Kerrigan, Law,
Malfory, May, Maynard, Menzies, Norton, Nugen, Odell,
Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Pricc, Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Segar, Shie!, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Voorhees, Webster,
Wickliffe, Wood, and Woodruff—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bak<n-, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, iacob B.
Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Cham-
berhn, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conk-
ling,Covode,Cutler, Davis, Delano, Due!!, Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Frank,Gooch,Good-
win, Guiiey, Hale, Hanchett, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McKmght, Mcpherson, Moorhead, Anson
X'. Moi rill, Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Olin, Patton, Timothy
(r. Phelp.«, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheila-
harger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens,Train, Trim-
ble. Tiowbndse, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wallacc,
Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Wilson, Wmdoni.and Wor-
costoi— 81.
So the House refused to lay the amendment on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TRAIN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rice, was paired off with Mr. Wadsworth.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Fkakchot was paired olf with Mr. Smith.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Tiiomai>, was detained at home by sickness, and
that his other colleague, Mr. Leary, was unavoid-
ably absent.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that Mr. Pike was
paired oiF with Mr. Fouke.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Does the previous ques-
tion prohibit the right of a member to ask for sep-
arate votes on the several clauses of the amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know of
any rule allowing the division of an amendment.
This is all one amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes; but it contains a
dozen sections.
TheSPEAKER. 11isalIreportedasoneamend-
ment. The Clerk will read the rule on the subject.
The rule was read, as follows:
"Any member may call foi the division of a question bc-
foje or after the mam question is ordered, which shall bo
divided if it comprehend pioposition* m substance to dis-
tinct that, one bemg taken away, a substantive proposition
s hall remain for the decision of the Uouse. A motion to
ptnke out and mseit shall be deemed indivisible; but a mo-
tion to strike out being Io«t, .shall preclude neither amend-
ment nor a motion to strike out and insert."
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing to ihe amendment of the Senate, on which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that my colleague's
motion was to non-concur in the Senate amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Will the
House agree to the amendment?"
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the other to be the motion of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The motion has nothing to
do with the paihamentary language.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 8, nays 124; as follows:
YEAS.—Me.ssra. Jacob B. Blair, Casey, Delano, Diven,
Fisher, Maynard, Sheffield, and Tiain—8.
NAYS.—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Daily, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman," Biddle, Bingham. France P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Biake. George II. Browne, Buffinton, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Chamberlain, Clark, Cobb, Col-fax, Fredeiick A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cravens,
Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunlap,
Dunn, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Frank,
Gooch, Goodvvm, Granger, Grider, Gurley, Ilaight, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Holman, Hutchins, Johnson, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Keuigan, Lansing,
Law, Loomis, Lovejov, Low, McKmght, McPherson, Mal-
lory, May, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P.Morrill,
Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Noiton, Nugen, Odell, Ohn, Pat-
ton, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Poiter, Potter, Price, John H. Rice, Richardson, Rid-
dle, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shellabarger, Sherman, Shiel,
Sloan, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgli, Verree, Voorhees, Wallace, Walton,
Wa«hburne, Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Chilton
A. White, Wickliffe, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wor-
cester—121.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. EDWARDS (not having been within the
bar when his name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. EDWARDS stated that he would have
voted " no."
The question recurred on the following amend-
ment to the title:
Strike out all after the word Ctto,}'and insert as follows?
Suppress insurrection,punish treason and iebelhon,and
for other purposes.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to disagree to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho amendments of the Senate were non-
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a question of
privilege. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which House bill No. 288, relative to the
construction of a ship canal between the Missis-
sippi and Lake Michigan was laid on the table,
which was undisposed of yesterday when super-
seded by a special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island whether time cannot
be saved by moving to postpone the motion to
reconsider until the 18th day of December next,
if that is the day to which the gentleman proposes
to postpone the bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I propose to move to post-
pone the bill until that day, if the motion to re-
consider shall be agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the same ob-
ject will be accomplished with less consumption
of time by simply postponing the motion to re-
consider.
Mr WASHBURNE. 1 understand the mo-
tion now is to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That the vote by which
the bill was laid on the table has not been recon-
sidered ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And that the object of
the gentleman from Rhode Island, if the vote shall
be reconsidered, is to move to postpone the bill
until the 18th of December, to which the friends
of the bill, as I understand, have agreed.
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion is to postpone
the motion to reconsider until that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly thinks a
motion to postpone a motion to reconsider the
vote by which a bill was ordered to lie on the table
would be in ordci. A motion to lay the bill on
the table could not be postponed, and the motion
to reconsider a vote relative to a motion to lay on
the table would be subject to the same limitations
as the motion to lay on the table itself. The Chair
therefore decides that this motion to reconsider is
not subject to postponement.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion to lay the bill
on the table was made by mo, and inasmuch as the
purpose is to postpone the bill until the next ses-
sion of Congress, with the consent of the House
I will withdraw the motion.
No objection was made.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to postpone the bill
until the 18th of December next, and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the demand for the previous
question to enable to submit an amendment to the
motion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made the
gentleman cannot withdraw the demand for that
purpose, unless he'gives the floor altogether.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I withdraw the demand,
then,and yield the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the motion to postpone by adding to it as follows:
And that a board, composed of five persons, not less than
three of whom shall be practical engineers, be appointed by
the President of the United States to make surveys, or ex-
amine such as have been made by State authority, of the
Erie, Oswego, Champlain, and Illinois canals, with a view
to asceitain the piactieability of enlarging those works to
the capacity of transpoiting gunboats from the Hudson and
Mississippi rivers to the lakes, and a survey of a route, fora
ship canal (rom Lake Ontario around the falls to Lake Erie,
together with the probable cost of doing the same, and the
length of tune which will be required to cumplete the woik,
and report the fact1* and conclnsiormhereon to Congresson
the first day of the next session thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question or order.
I submit that the amendment is notgermane to the
motion, and that it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to postpone was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CASEY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which tho House, this morning, refused to
order that when it adjourned to-day it adjourn to
meet on Saturday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider a
negative vote on adjournment is hardly in order,
as it is a motion which can be repeated as often
us gentlemen see fit.
Mr. CASEY. I move then that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 44, nays
66.
Mr. KNAPP. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Would it be in
order to move to amend that motion so as to say
that the House meet on Saturday at eleven o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
change the hour of meeting, except by unanimous
consent,
Mr. KNAPP called for the yeas and nays upon
his motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 34, noes68.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION" HILL.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
by unanimous consent, the House proceeded to
the considciation of House bill (No. 393) making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropi iations for
the year ending the 30th of Jum , 1862, with the
amendments of the Senate theieto.
First amendment:
Page 1, line eight, insert as follow*:
To pay the amount pio\nled toi under an act entitled
'• An act to facilitate communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by elecuie tejegiaph," or so much thereof
as may become payable undei said act, $40,U00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose these amendments
aie not before the House except by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked distinctly
whether there was objection; and he thinks it is
too late to raise it after the House has proceeded
with the consideration of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will suggest
to the gentleman that debate upon the amend-
ments is not cut off.
