1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
214#
Mr. GRIMES. I expressly stated the contrary.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator is satisfied with
them, why does he find fault with them? Why
dors he undertake to say that a gentleman from
New Hampshire is my landlord, and has been
here only so long?
Mr. GRIMES. ' The Senator ought to be rea-
sonably fair in his argument. I found no fault
with these men; but he asked me in what I be-
lieved the interests of the people of the District and
their views had been disregarded. I told him. He
drew it out.
Mr. CLARK. I did draw it out, and I intended
to draw it out. It was the very reason I put the
question to him. I wanted to know how their
interests had been disregarded. Now, it seems
it is because one set of men in the District have
been taken, and not another. The Senator did
not say it m those terms; but is not that the fair
inference ?
I do not feel called upon to answer any remark
about the gentleman who was a citizen of my
State. He is now a citizen of Washington. He
has been here five years and more, and has no
residence at all in my State. He is an honest
man, and a fit man to whom to trust an enterprise
that requires honesty.
But there is another point. I asked the Senator
how the 1 ightsofthe District had been disregarded.
Because they will not submit this corporation to
be taxed three per cent, for the benefit of Wash-
ington ? That is a great disregard of the city's
rights, because they will not submit to be specially
taxed by the city ! Has the city any right to
specially tax them in this way ? Let their prop-
erty be taxed like other property. That is all
rightenough; but the Senator wants a special tax
for schools in this city, and it is a disregarding of
the city's rights not to impose it, he thinks. It
is denying to the city a special benefit which they
want, and not allowing them to tax this corpora-
tion for a special purpose. That is what I un-
derstand it to be.
But let us look a little further. Complaint is
made with the capital of this corporation that it
may be three hundred thousand or five hundred
thousand dollars. Now, who is going to fix it?
Not these seven corporators. The Senator from
Iowa may go in and help to fix it. He may sub-
scribe as readily as anybody else. The Senator
from Rhode Island may do it, or the Senator from
Maine. Any gentleman that chooses may sub-
scribe, <k provided he has got the money," as the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] suggests.
The Vei monters know all about money when they
have to pay for railroads. [Laughter.] I think
they have had some expericncc of that kind, and
some of them have not any more money now than
they had when they started in that particular.
Anybody can comein. It is no close corporation.
It is hardly fair to find fault with the bill sent by
the House of Representatives to the Senate, and
call tiaat a close corporation, when this is entirely
altered from it. That might have been a very
close corporation. It is no objection to this bill
that that was so, when this is not. This is no
close corporation. These men merely have the
privilege of opening books, and associating with
them such men as choose to come in and take stock
in this corporation, and carry it on. Thnt is all,
as I understand, that they are to do. They can
fix their capital anywhere between three hundred
thousand and five hundred thousand dollars, or
less, if they choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the sake of informa-
tion, I should like to ask my friend from Maine a
question, whether there is any limit to the amount
of stock that may be subscribed by each person ?
Mr. MORRILL. There is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then what is to prevent a
capitalist, with a certificate for $250,000 in Ins
hands, coming in and subscribing for $1,000,000
worth of stock?
Mr. MORRILL. If more than the amount of
capital stock is subscribed, it is to be divided pro
rata, so that there is no possible advantage in that
way. The check is that each man is required to
pay his twenty-five per cent. down. That avoids
a bogus subscription.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to vote for this bill,
but I wish to get rid of this practical difficulty.
Suppose a capitalist m New York, with a credit
in hank equivalent to $250,000—and a man worth
$50,000 may have credit in bank to the amount of
$250,000—should come here with a certificate of
deposit from that bank of $250,000, deeming this
a valuable speculation, could he not subscribe
$1,000,000 upon that certificate, and thus substan-
tially monopolize the stock > Unless there is some
limit to the amount of subscription by each stock-
holder, I am fearful that result may take place.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no limit except
what is imposed by the twenty-five per cent, re-
quirement, and except also the provision for dis-
tributing the stock pro rata, provided more than
the capital is subscribed. That was deemed ade-
quate by the committee. The question which the
honorable Senator from Ohio suggests was started
in the committee, but it was not deemed that it
would be a practical difficulty in the way.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask foi* the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
iittie, Foot, Harris:, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moirill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
•Sheiman, Simmons, StarK, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wadej
Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson ofMissouu
—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Fcssenden, Foster, Grimes*. Hailan, King, Latham, Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, and Wright—13.
So the report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 450) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of Juno, 1SG3—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 474) to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue American registers to certain
vessels—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 475) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the names of certain ves-
sels—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 476) abolishing certain collection
districts, and leducing compensation of officers of
customs in California—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A joint resolution (No. 62) requiring an index
of the names of adult males or heads of families
embraced in the census—to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
COMPENSATION OF OFFICERS OF CUSTOMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution (S.No.36) lim-
iting the compensation of collectors of customs,
naval officers, and others employed in the collec-
tion of duties. The amendments were to strike
out all after the resolving clause of the resolution
and insert a substitute, and to alter the title so as
to make it read: " A joint resolution regulating
the distribution of fines and penalties recovered
by virtue of the revenue acts of the United States,
and for other purposes."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
MARSHALL 0. ROBERTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution (S. No. 67) in
relation to the claim of Marshall O. Roberts for
the loss of the steamer Star of the West. The
amendment was, after the word "due," in the
eighth line, to insert the words '* if any;" so as
to make the resolution read, " and that such sum
as shall be ascertained to be due, if any, be paid,"
&c.
The amendment was concurred in.
THANKS TO THE CAPTORS OF NEW ORLEANS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following messages from the President
of the United States; which were read, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
he printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The tlurd section of the "Act further to promote the efli-
eiency ot the Navy," approved 21st December, 1661, pro-
vides : * , . . ,
"That the Piesident of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall have the au-
thority to detail from the retired list of the Navy, for the
command of squadrons and single ships, such officers ashe "
may believe that thegood of the service requires to be thus
placed in command; and sucli officers may. if upon the-rec-
ommendation of the President of the United States tbey
shall receive a vote of thanks of Congress for theirservices
and gallantry in action against an enemy, be restored to the'
active list, and not otherwise." . „
In conformity with this law, Captain David G- Farragut
was nominated to the Senate for continuance as flag o/fi-
cei iu command of the squadron which recently rendered
such important service to the Union by his successful oper-
ations on the lower Mississippi and capture of New Or-,
leans.
Believing that no occasion could arise which would more
fully concspond with the intention of the law, or be more
pregnant with happy influence as an example, I cordially
leeommend that Captain D. G. Farragut receive a vote ot
thanks of Congress for his services and gallantry displayed
in the capture, since 21st December, 1861, ofFortsJaekson
and St. Philip, city of New Orleans, and the destruction
of various rebel gunboats, rams, &e.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., May 14,1862.
To ike Senate and Howe of Representatives:
I submit herewith aJist of naval officers who commanded
vessels engaged in the recent brilliant operations of the
squadron commanded by Flag Officer Farragut, which led
to the capture of Forts Jackson and #t. Philip, city of New
Orleans, and the desti action of rebel ggkpboats, rams, &c. 
in April, 1862. Fortheirscrvicesand gallantry on those oc-
casions, i cordially recommend that they should, by name, -
receive a vote of thanks of Congress.
List.
Captains—Theodorus Bailey, Henry W. Morris, and
Thomas T. Ciaven.
Commanders—Henry H. Boll, Samuel Phillips Lee, Sam-
uel Svvartwout, Melancton Smith, Charles Stewart Boggs,
John De Camp, James Alden, David i). Porter, Richard
Wa'mwnght, and William B.Renshaw.
Lieutenants Commanding—Abram D. Harrell, Edward
Donaldson, George II. Preble, Edwaid T. Nichols, Jonathan
31. Wainwright, John Guest, Charles H. B. Caldwell, Na-
poleon B. Hariison, Albert N. Smith, Pierce Crosby, George
M. Ransom, Watson Smith, John II. Russell, Waiter W.
Queen, and K. Randolph Brcese.
Jlclii Lieutenants Commanding—Selim E. Wood worth,
and Charles II. Baldwin.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., May 14, 1862.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
312) to establish a branch of the Mint of the Uni-
ted States in the Territory of Nevada; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
IRON-CLAD STEAMERS UNDER CONTRACT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer a resolution; and
I do not ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to report to the Senate the number of iron-clad steamers
under contt act, their dimensions and intended armaments,
and the tunes when the same will be completed and ready
for use, il, in the opinion of the President, such informa-
tion be compatible with the public interests.
ARMAMENTS ON THE NORTHERN LAKES.
Mr. HARRIS, i desire to offera kindred res-
olution; I do not ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
report to the Senate as early as practicable, what are the
mutual ughts and obligations of the United Status and
Great Britain with regard to the maintenance of armaments
upon the northern lakes. -
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. HARLAN, from the committee of confer-
once on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (Ii. R. No. 125) to secure homesteads
to the actual settlers on the public domain, and to
provide a-bounty for soldiers in lieu of grants of
the public land, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bili (N. Ii. No. 123) to secure
homesteads to actual setders on the public domain, &c.,
having met, after full and tree conference have agreed to
leeonmieml to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Repiesentativcs recede fiom their dis-
agreement to the Senate's amendments numbered 1, 4, 5,
6*7, 9, 10, 11, and 13.
That the House ol Representatives recede fiom their dis
agreement to the Senate's second amendment, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: alter the word
section," in the Senate's amendment, insert or a less
quantity j" and in the twelfth line ol the fnst section, after
the word "acie," insert " or le<e and at the end of the
first section add: >c Provided, That any person owning and
residing on land may, under the provisions ot this act, enter
other land lying contiguous to his or her said land, which
shall not, with the land so already owned and occupied,
exceed in the agijiegate one bundled and*MXty acres."
That the llou-si, ol Rcpiesentatives iceede Irom their tlis-
ngieeinent to the Senate'*; thiid amendment, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: after the word
" age,51 in the second line oi the second section, and before
the Senate amendment, insert '• or &hall have performed
service in the Army or Navy of the United Slates and
