1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iis?
to the accounting officers of the Treasury. I hope
the Senate will be satisfied with the bill as it stands
and adhere to it.
Mr. HALE. I shall not make any words about
this matter, but I remember a song that was writ-
ten by Mr. John Quincy Adams soniesixty years
ago, in svhich he says that if we cannotalter things
we can change their names. That was the prose
of the thing; the poetry I will not repeat. This is
really a tax, whether you call it a deduction from
compensation or a tax. I made the suggestion of
amendment for the purpose which I have indi-
cated. If the Senate agree with me—I do not
know whether they will or not—and adopt my
amendment, it will be a very easy thing to insert
a provision that this tax shall be collected when
the salary is paid; and in that form it could be
just as well collected under the name of a tax as
underthe name of a reduction. The Secretary of
the Treasury might do it by regulation, or you
might provide that when the salary of an officer
was paid, the tax should be taken at thti time of
payment. There is no practical difficulty about it.
Mr. HOWE. I ought to be indulged in a word
of explanation. I was one of those who were be-
trayed into a smile at the remark made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire just now, that the
President of the United States and the judges of
the Supreme Court would feel hurt at the invid-
ious exception made of themselves in the bill now
before the Senate. That smile was not a smile of
incredulity at the statement, for I have no doubt
at all of the truth of it. It was simply a smile
of gratification at finding the Senator from New
Hampshire at this moment so tender of the feel-
ings of those officers. I had labored under the ap-
prehension for some time that he was not inclined
to be particularly indulgent to them; and my feel-
ing was purely a feeling of gratification at finding
this change m his sentiments towards them. I cer-
tainly shall adopt his reasoning fully.- No doubt
his statementiseorrect. I shall vote forhis amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I am for paying them their sal-
ary because I think it is due to them. What I
have said about thorn heretofore, I have said be-
cause I thought that was due to them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — IVIesMs. Garble. Clark, Cowan, Fo-sendcn,
Grimes, Hal<\ Howe, lung, Lane of Kansas Moiriil, I'oin-
croy, Powell, Simmons, Sunnier, Tiumbull, and Wilkin-
son—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, DooliUlc, Foot. Fo^tei, Harris, Henderson, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana. Latham, McDougail, Rice, Sauis-
buiy, Sherman, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wiiley, Wihon of Mas-
sachusetts, VViUon of Mis>our;, and Wii! lH—123
So the amendment of Mr. Hale was rejected.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion to strike out the ninth sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts, whether the section
does not make a little improper distinction. I be-
lieve the leader of a band has the rank and pay of
a lieutenant; but there is no deduction from him,
while there is ten per cent, from a lieutenant.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that section now open to
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend by inserting
afu-r the words "civil service of the United States"
the words " whose annual compensation shall ex-
ceed eight hundred dollars;"so as to read:
That dining the continuance of the present rebellion there
shall be deducted liom the compensation of all peisons in
the nuiitaiy, na\al, and oivii service of the United States,
wlio-e annual compensation shall exceed eight liundied
dollars, &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 think if
we are to amend it in order to correct the inequali-
ties that have been suggested, it would be better
to tax those salaries under $2,000, five per cent.,
and those above $2,000 ten per cent. I think we
had better do that than to exempt any; but it you
exempt any, I think you ought to apply the ex-
emption to all under a thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote against all
amendments to this section, because 1 think the
reduction ought to be general; but especially
against the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The class of persons to whom lie now alludes are
mostly the employes of Congress. In my opin-
ion, there is no class of Government employes, oi
of any employes in civil or military life, who can
bear the reduction better than those under
who are not privates in the Army or sailors in
the Navy. The pay of our laborers about the
Capitol is from fifteen to twenty per cent, higher
than that of laborers of the same character in other
employments of life, and there ought not to be
that distinction. They can bear this reduction as
well as any other class in the public service, at
least they can now, until we can look over the
matter and correct existing inequalities. I have no
doubt it will he hard in some cases,as I said before;
but the class of salaries under $800 are mostly
those in the employ of Congress. I think the
greatest hardship will be on the clerks in your
Departments whose salaries are §1,200. That is
a class of cases that 1 think it will operate pretty
hard upon; still, if the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa be adopted, they will have to beai the
reduction. Then why not those who receive $800,
most of whom are laborers here, who receive
twenty per cent, more than laborers of the same
kind in other employments? I think it is better
to make the rule general, and then nobody can
complain.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that it costs a man
here who gets $(>40 a year, under our laws, as
much to support himself and his family as it costs
a clerk who receives $1,200; but this law, I un-
deistand, is to apply, not only to our employes
about the Capitol, but to all persons all over the
country who are receiving compensation from the
Federal Treasury?
Mr. SHERMAN. Who are.they ?
Mr. GRIMES. They are many. There are
custom-house officers whom it will affect. I have
not read the section critically, but I suppose it
includes postmasters. It applies to everybody
who receives any compensation from us. 1 am
not tenacious about the amendment; but it occurs
to me that this icdu< tion will go very hard with
those who are receiving small salaries, if we pass
the section as it is submitted to us by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. "There is a class of officers who
would be saved by the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa from the opciauon of this re-
duction or tax, whatever it may be, who I think
ought to be saved. There is a class of light-keep-
ers", small petty officers about the country, who
do a good deal of hard work for a small compen-
sation. I know an individual who some years
ago possessed $30,000 in specie; as honest a man
as lives in the world, as generous a mnn, a well-
educated man, a good Fiench scholar as well as
a good English scholar; who went into business
and lost everything he had. He has a large fam-
ily of small children, and he is very poor. His
friends solicited me to interest myself in his be-
half to get him some employment. I devoted my-
self to that woi k, and I obtained a light-house fol-
ium, one of our isolated points on Lake Michi-
gan, with a salary of $350. I felt very grateful
for the opportunity of serving him to that extent,
and I should be very glad to avoid the necessity
of voting to tax that man thirty-five dollars out
of that salary. If the Senator's amendment is
adopted, I can get rid of it.
The amendment of Mr. Grimes was rejected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion to strike out the ninth section, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Drowning, ('lark, Collamer, Cowan,
Fe.-vsenden. Foot, Fostei, Grimes, Ilaui: , Howe, Kennedy,
Latham. AWJougall, Motrill. Peaiee, tt.ee, Summing
Sunnier, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Mi^onri—20.
NAYS— Me^rs. Anlhonv, Chandlei, JHavi-, L):xon, Doo-
hrtlr. Hale, Ilaiian. Henderson, Kins, X.anu of Indiana,
Lane of Kan-,a-. Fomeioy. Powell. She]man. Ten Lyck,
Tiumbull, Wade, \V !!e>, Wilson oi Massachusetts, and
Wright—-20.
The VICE PRESIDENT voting in the nega-
tive, the motion to strike out did not prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to strike out the sixteenth section,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 32; as follows:
YLA^—Mcssis. Biownmg, Hale, Kennedy, Latham,
MoDoucall, Peaice, Pometoy, and Wilkinson—8.
NAYs$-~Messrs. Anthony, Chandlei, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan,Davis. Dixon, Doohttle, Fossendon, Foot, Foster,
Oi iines, Italian, llairi«, Henderson, Howe. Kin^ Lane ot
Indiana. Lane of Kansas. Morrill, Powell, Jtice,
Simmons. Sumner, Ten Evck, Tinmlmll, Wade, VV i ej.
Wilson ot Massachusetts, Wilson oi Mu-eouu, and Wuglif
—3-2
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert, as an additional section to come in after
the twenty-first section, this provision:
Jhid be it further enacted, That every person who shall
furnish supplies of any kind to the Army or Navy shall be
requiied to ninrk and distinguish the same on the outside
of each and ovoiy package, with the name or names of the
contractors so furnishing such supplies to the Army or
Navy ; and no supplies of any kind shall be received unless
so marked aud distinguished.
Mr. HALE. Is not that a little too broad and
specific? How will it work with regard to fur-
nishingironandtimberand beef cattle ? Itseems
to me to be a little too broad to be practical.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think there is the slightest trouble about it. This
provision will correct a great evil. I am told that
we have had vast quantities of clothing and other
articles for the supply of our Army that have
come to the Government and have been found
to be unfit for use. The Government has been
cheated. It has been very difficult to find out who
made the goods or where they came frotn. This
provision, it is supposed, will reach most gener-
ally articles of clothing, i do not think there is
any trouble in regard to beef cattle, or flour, or
iron, or articles of that kind.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
add as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall have power, whenever in his opinion it
shall be expedient, to purchase cemetery grounds and cause
them to he secuiely Inclosed, to be used as a national cem-
etery for the soldiers who shall die in the service of the
country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire now
to move a slight amendment to the first section.
It now reads that " officers of the Army having
brevet commissions, shall," <fcc. I move to strike
out the word "having," and insert the words lt to
whomand after the word " shall," to insert the
words " hereafter be given shall;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
That officers of the Army to whom brevet commissions
.shall herealtei be given, shall not be entitled to anyinciease
of pay or emoluments because ot the exeicise ot command
aeeoidmg to their brevet rank.
There are, I understand, to-day but two officers
in all the Army of the United {States whom this
section as it now stands will reach. One is Gen-
eral Wool, who is exercising brevet rank, and
the other is Major Donaldson, who is in New
Mexico. I received a letter the other day from a
gentleman who understands this subject thor-
oughly, saying that these arc the only two men
whom u will affect. There may possibly be more,
but they must be very few, indeed. I propose now
that this provision shall apply to those who are
hereafter to be brcvetted; and there will unques-
tionably be a large number of brevets during this
war, alt hough I do not believe in the policy of mak-
ing many brevets. I wish this provision to apply
to the future, and not to apply to General Wool,
a man whose whole soul has been in this contest
from the beginning, who warned the Government
of the impending war four months before the ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan went out, ho, in
his correspondence with Senators and with gen-
tlemen in the country,pointed out the probabilities
of war and pointed out the remedies, who entered
heartily into the contest, who engaged promptly
in the forwarding of troops at a critical moment,
who has been burning with zeal through the whole
war to enter the service of the country, who has
been anxious to have the control of men in order
to bring about important results. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment will be adopted, and that we
shall not apply this provision to that^ old public
servant who has served the country with so much
ability and fidelity. I understand that the section
as it now is will apply only to him and to Major
Donaldson, who has been brevetted lor great ser-
vices in the defense of New Mexico. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that it
applies to General Tottcn, also. I do not think
anybody would except General Totten, for cer-
tainly he is one of the ablest men in the military
service of this or any other country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
to make a slight amendment to the nineteenth sec-
tion, by striking out, in the ninth and tenth lines,
the words '' born in lawful wedlock," and in the
eleventh and twelfth lines, the words " provided
