THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood the gentleman
yfay Sat the amendments of the Senate were
unimportant. Here is an amendment, the flrrt
one, which makes an appropriation of ^40,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is required
by contract to be appropriated. I will remark that
there is a great deal of business yet to be disposed
of- and I know of no better time to consider the
present,bill than the present. I do not propose to
call the previous question nor to cut oft debate.
If gentlemen desire to oppose amendments, of
eourse they have the right to do it here as well as
iri the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether the
ttftiount appropriated by this bill is the amount
contemplated by the act providing for the con-
struction of this telegraph line to the Pacific ocean ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I so understand
U"Mr. HOLMAN. It did not strike me so large
an amount was provided for. If that was the sum
named I suppose it will have to be appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will ask the
Clerk to read the latter part of the communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, upon this
subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" By Ills terms of the contract the first payment for the frac-
tional port or the first quarter was to be made on the 18th
of January last, and quarterly on the 1st of April, July. Octo-
ber, and January thereafter. To meet the requirements of
law and the contract, I request an appropriation as above
«lated."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand this
to be in pursuance of the law enacicd at the last
session of Congress. There are one or two other
matters, however, in this connection, which I may
a* well take this occasion to allude to. This line
of telegraph passes through the territory of Utah.
The newspapers of this morning bring us the in-
telligence that that line has been cut in two or
three places. We have already a military force
upon the line to prevent it from being interfered
with by Indians or others.
It will be recollected that this House recently
concurred with the Senate in a bill affecting cer-
tain institutions in the Territory of Utah. It has
been very convenient in thelasttwo years, when
evfer an emigrant train was robbed anywhere in
the Territory of Utah or vicinity, to charge that
the depredations had been committed by the In-
dians, whim, in fact, nine times out of ten, those
depredations have been committed by the people
of Utah. And I have no doubt now that in con-
sequence of the legislation of this Congress, which
Was precipitated upon us, these depredations upon
tho line of telegraph have been committed by citi-
zens of Utah, or bv persons employed by citizens
of Utah, and I believe they will continue during
the residue of this year, and as long as the people
of Utah shall consider the legislation of this Con-
gress hostile to them. I stand here, therefore, to
defend tho Indians against this charge mnde upon
them, that they are the persons who destroyed
the line of telegraph. I believe it has been done
in consequence of a bill which passed this House
prohibiting one of the institutions of Utah.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Immediately after the previous amendment. Insert the
following:
For the purpose of enabling the Committee of Public
Buildings and Grounds to remove the Army bakery from
the basement door of the Capitol, and to repair the dam-
ages caused by «;Ud bakery, the .-.urn of $8,000, or so much
tSereofaB may be necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
No quorum voting on a division,
Mr. WEBSTER called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmah, and
Mr. Mohrim. of Vermont, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reporting
no quorum voting and a confusion in the count,
by unanimous consent a recount was ordered.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 38; no quorum voting'.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that, they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 171) to reor-
ganise the Navy Department of the United States;
when the Spealcer signed the same.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As a misun-
derstanding may exist upon the part of the House
as to the purport of this amendment, 1 will say
that it is merely to remove the bakeries from the
basement of the Capitol, which are damaging the
building and seriously damaging the library of
Congress. The amendment proposed upon the
part of the Senate is objected to by some for the
reason that the amount appropriated is too large,
and more than the work will cost.
Now, I desire to say that not a dollar more will
be expended than what is necessary. It will be
exDended under the proper officers of the law.
Mr W1CKLIFFE. 1 would like to know what
authority there was for establishing those bakeries
there, and how much it cost to put them there ? 1
would like to know how much it will cost to re-
move the rubbish ? Is it in contemplation to put
up another bakery ? The troops are all gone from
here except a few of the provost guard, and they
might as well be at home. I have no objection to
the removal of the bakery, but what is there to take
away ? All you have got to do is to stop baking.
Take down your chimneys and stop baking, and
all will be right. Why appropriate eight or ten
thousand dollars for the purpose of removing the
bakery? The man who put up the chimneys can
take them down. The officers of this House have
a right to putastop to this baking, unless the mili-
tary power interfere to prevent. I cannot see the
necessity of making such an appropriation as this.
Eight thousand dollars to take down one bakery
and build another I Whom are you going to bake
for? Who is to superintend the building of the
new bakery, and where is it to be built?Jl do not
wish to be understood as being opposed to all
proper,legal,and fairexpenditurcsofmoncy,great
or small, which may be proper for carrying on this
war, but I do not see the necessity for this appro-
pi iati on.
Mr. COX. Let me say to the gentleman that he
misunderstands the amendment. It does not pro-
pose to appropriate $8,000 to remove this bakery,
but only so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. That justoovers the whole
amount. I give up the whole $8,000 if the House
adopts the (intendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have no objec-
tion to the House voting this $8,000," or so much
thereof as may be necessary"—which I think
means the whole $8,000—provided a sufficient rea-
son can be given for doing so. But I hope it will
not be voted upon the suggestion of tho gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] that, m'refusing
it, we do not know what we are about, and do not
understand the nature of the proposition. I re-
mind the gentleman and the House that this same
project has been considered before, talked about
before, understood before; it has been proposed
several times to appropriate different large sums
to remove the bakery from the Capitol; and the
House deliberately, knowingly, and, as 1 think,
very properly and decidedly, on a call of the yeas
and nays, I think—if not by yeas and nays, voting
by tellers—rejected the proposition.
I hear a friend near me say this was at an ear
lier time. So it was; and at a time, for that very
reason, when much stronger leasons existed for
doing it than can be found now. As the gentle-
man from Kentucky says, the army which made
it necessary to use this bakery has gone, probably
not to return at any period of this war; and there-
fore, there is far less excuse for expending money
than there was then in order to restore things at
once to their former position in the basement story
of this building.
I do not think the proposition is to be assented
to the more because it originates this time in the
Senate, or because it comes in upon an appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
make a suggestion. The Senate some time since
sent a resolution to this House, substantially in-
forming us that tho existence of this bakery was
a personal inconvenience to the Senate in the
transaction of their business. I do hold, I beg
leave to suggest to my friend from New York,
that, in the exercise of the very least ordinary
courtesy to that body, we ought to have removed
that bakery the first moment they asked us to. I
Bhall vote for it now, as I-voted for it then, upon
the simple suggestion of that body that it is a prac-
tical inconvenience and discomfort to them.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, who holds the floor,
I wish to say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that I do not understand the Senate to put
the removal of this bakery upon the ground of
personal inconvenience to them. The ground upon
which the Committee of Ways and Means putit
is that it is an injury to the building, and espe-
cially to the Library. That was stated at an early
period of the session. I have attempted to inform
myself on the subject, and I was unable to find
V place where gentlemen were inconvenienced,
<. ^coiner fi-nm one end of the build-
unless it was in passing from one end of the bullet-
ins to the other through the basement, or how it
iniured the Library, ft seems to mc that the only
inconvenience which has been experienced has
been through the effluvia of a fair article of bread—
an inconvenience, 1 confess, we do not often meet
with in this great city.
Inasmuch as the bakery is there, and it is ne-
cessary it should be continued for Arm y purposes,
and as we have had it there for twelve months, 1
think, perhaps, we had better leave it there until
the necessity for it entirely ceases.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have heard,
during this session, an infinite variety of modes-
suggested for spending money. I have heard many
reasons assigned for spending money—as many,
apparently, as any one could think of from time
to time, for making away with some thousands
in destroying one bakery and erecting another;
but until now, when I hear it from the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, I have
never heard such a suggestion on the subject as
the one he makes.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to inquire if the gentleman has read the debates
upon that subject which took place in the Senate
before that resolution came to this House. It
was therein stated that the Senate were inconven-
ienced by the effluvia. If he had read them, he
would have known that the Senate had to adjourn
one day on that account.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Without hav-
ing noticed the debate referred to, 1 have no doubt
the gentleman from Massachusetts has good rea-
sons for saying what he does; nevertheless I have
never heard the suggestion made before, although
I have heard gentlemen labor a great deal to con-
vince themselves and each other that this appro-
priation was proper. Nor can I see how the
bakery can be an inconvenience to the Senate or
to any member of the Senate, or to any member
of the House, except so far as it intercepts the
passage from one wing of the Capitol to the other
through the crypt or along the basement halls.
Gentlemen around me say they understand it no
better than 1 do. i have heard that there was
fear that smoke might injure the books of the
Library. The answer to that is, that whenever
the process of baking is stopped, the smoke will
not be there, and baking can be stopped without
any appropriation.
I have heard it said that you cannot, at times,
walk along under the archway outside, that you
cannot walk along inside, over the ground floor,
from one part of the Capitol to the other. This
is hardly a reason for interfering with the practice
of baking; but if its use interferes in any way
with the comfort of the body sitting in the other
end of the Capitol, that is a reason which ought,
of course, to be respected. The remedy is simply
to leave off the use of the bakery, as far as that
use incommodes the Senate, but not to appropri-
ate §8,000 for the indefinite purpose of " removing
the bakery."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would suggest, that if
it is an inconvenience to the Senate, they can or-
der their Sergeant-at-Arms or Doorkeeper—as I
shall move a resolution to-morrow, if I can get
the floor, to order our Sergeant-at-Arms to do—
to go and take it down. They have a .right to
have it removed. Let them remove it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rose to express
my noil-concurrence in the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, that the House did not
know what it was about. I take it we are to be
here but a short time longer now in any event, and
the idea that at the end of seven months' experi-
ence of the bakery, we cannot endure it a week
or two longer,reminds meof thecaseof the squaw
who explained her boisterous grief and lamenta-
tion for the death of her husband, by saying that
he had been dead fourteen years, and she had kept
