1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
they be residents of the United States." This
section relates to the distribution of the bounty
now allowed by law to a soldier, in case he dies
without receiving it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On consultation with the
chairman of the Military Committee, I desire to
offer two amendments to carry out the intention
of the section. In section two, line three, I move
to strike out all after the word " but," and to in-
sert, " may draw forage in kind for each horse
actually kept by them when and at the place where
they are on duty, not exceeding the number au-
thorized by law." The words proposed to bo
stricken out are, " fchall draw the allowance in
kind for each horse actually kept by them as
authorized bylaw."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out all the
following words in the eighteenth section:
Quarters and fuel shall be furnished to officers only when
011 duty ia the field, or when asMgned quarteis in public
buildings belonging to tile Government. The number of
offices now allowed to certain officers of the Army for the
transaction of business shall be furnished, and no more,
And to insert this provision in order to make
the language more clear and definite:
No allowance or commutation shall ho made to officers
for fue! and quarters. The number of ofliccs now allowed
to certain officers of the Army in the transaction of busi-
ness shall be furnished, and no more. And no allowance
shall be made to officers when entitled to icccive mileage,
for transportation of baggage or servants. This section
shall not affect the present regulations for quarters, and fuel
actually furnished or assigned to officer on duty in the
field, or to quarters assigned in public buildings belonging
to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
on which the Senate has been acting arc amend-
ments to the amendment reported by the Commit
tee on Military Affairs. If no further amendment
be proposed, the question is on that amendment
as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to as
follows, viz.: strike out ail of the original bill af
ter the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof insert:
That officers of the Army to whom brevet commissions
shall hereafter he given shall not be entitled to any increase
of pay or emoluments because of theexeiciseof command
according to their Inevct rank.
Src.3. And he it further enacted, That ofliecis of the
Army entitled to forage for houes shall not be allowed to
commute it, but may draw fornge in kind lor each hoise
actually kept by them, when and ;it the place where they
are on duty, not exceeding the number authonzed by law.
Snc. 3. And be it Jtttlhcr enacted, That major geneiuls
•«liall he entitled to diaw /ouige in kind lor lour hoi>e^,
brigadier geneials lor thiee horses; ooloneK. lieutenant
colonels, and tnajois, t\\ o homes each ; captains and lieu-
tenants of cavalry and artillery, for two horses each; and
chaplain*, for one hoi>e.
Sec.4. And be it farther cnactcd, That whenever an offi-
cer of the Auny shall employ a soldier as his seivant, he
shall, for each and every month timing which said soldier
shall be so employed, deduct from his own monthly pay the
full amount paid to or expended by the Government pei
mouth on account of said noldier; and every otlieer of the
Army who shall fail to make such deduction "hall, on con-
viction befoic a general court-martial, he ea.-duered.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted, That the fust section
of the act approved August (5, 1<£GJ, entitled "An act to
increase the pay of privates in the regular Army and in the
volunteers in the service of the United States, and foi other
purposes," shall not be so construed alter the pasture of
ibis act a* to increase the emoluments ot tin* commissioned
otfteeis of the Auny. And the eighth section of the act of
22d July, 1861, entitled " An net to authorize the employ-
ment ot volunteer to aid in enforcing the laws and pio-
teering public propeity," shall be .so construed as to give to
quartermaster MU'geanfs the same compensation ah toiegi-
montal commi- aiy sergeants.
Si:c. 6. And be it further cnactcd, That so much of the
aforesaid act. approved 23d July, 18!>1, as authorizes each
regiment of volunteers in the United States service to have
twenty-four imiMcuans for a band, and fixes the compen-
sation of the leader of the band, be, and the same is heieby,
repealed; and such bands shall be mustered out of the ser-
vice within Unity days after the passage of this act.
Sro. 7. And be it further enacted, That each brigade in
the volunteer seivice shall nave sixteen musicians as a
band, to be selected from the regoncntal bands mulcted
out of seivice by this act. who shall n-eoivc the pay and
allowances now provided by law for regimental hands,ex-
cept the leader ot the band, who shall receive fortv-live dol-
lars per month only.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnactcd,That in lieu of the prcs-
, cut rate of mileage allowed to officers of the Arrnv when
traveling on public duty, where transportation in kind is
not furnished to them by the Government, not moie than
six cents per mile sdiall hereafterho allowed, unlos-wheic
an officer uoideredfiom a station east of the Rocky mount-
ains to one west ot the same mountains,owiccvena, when
ton ccuts per uule t-hall be allowed to him; and no officer
of the Army or Navy of the United States shall be paid
mileage, except for travel actually peilormed at his own
expense, and in obedience to ordeis.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That during the con-
tinuance of the present rebellion, there shall be deducted
from the compensation of all peisons employed m the mili-
tary, naval, and cjvil service of the United States, except
the'President of the United States and the judges of the
courts of the United States, and wariantotficeisand sailois
in the Navy, and non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates in the Army and marine corps, ten per cent,
of the amount of their compensation ; and this deduction
shall apply to all allowances for mileage and for commuta-
tion for servants, forage, and rations, and to all foes or con-
tingent allowances paid for personal seivices from the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in each of the
permanent hospitals where the President may deem it ne-
cessary, he may appoint a chaplain, who shall receive the
same compensation as is now allowed to post chaplains in
the regular service} and thatthe appointments of chaplains
to the Army hospitals heretofore made by the President of
the United States, are hereby approved, and the chaplains
so appointed shall be compensated for their seivices in the
same manner as chaplains in the Aimy.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That so much of sec-
tion nine of the atoresaid act, approved July *22, 1861, and
of section seven of the " Act pioviding for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment," approved August 3,
1861, as defines the qualifications of chaplains in the Army
and volunteers, shall hereafter be construed to read as fol-
lows : That no person shall be appointed a chaplain in the
United States Army who is not a rcgulaily ordained min-
ister of some religious denomination, and who does not
piesent testimonials of his present good standing as such
minister, with a lecommendation tor his appointment as? an
Army chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body,
or not less than five accredited uunisteis belonging to said
religious denomination.
Sec. 12. And be it juither enacted, That so much of the
11 fih section of the aforesaid act, approved July 22,1861, as
allows forty cuius per day for the use and ii?>k of the hoises
of company officers of cavalry be, and the same is heieby,
repealed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That whenever an
oflicei shall be put under anest, except at lcmote military
posts or stations, it shall bo the duty of the officer by who&c
orders he is anested to see that a copy of the charges on
which he has been airented and is to be tried shall be served
upon him wilhm eight days thereafter, and that he shall be
brought to trial within ten day* thereafter, unless the ne-
cessities ol the seivice pieventsuch trial; and then he shall
be. brought to trial within tluity dajs alter the cxphatiou of
the said ten days Pro vided, T\r.\t it the copy of the chaiges
be not seived upon the arrested officer as heicm provided,
the arrest shall cease: And provided further, That the pto-
vihions of this section shall apply to all persons now under
arrest and awaiting trial.
Sr.c. 11. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
name of any oflkerof the Army or marine corps now in the
soi vice, or who may hereafter be in the service of the Uni-
ted States, shall have been borne on the Army Register or
on the Naval Register foity-five years, or shall be of the age
of si\ty-two >t\u*, he shall be retired fiom active scrvice,
and his name cnuued on the retued list of officers of the
giade to which he belonged at the time of such retirement.
Sico. lo. And be it (wither enacted^ Thatthe President of
the United States be,'and h" is heieby, authorized to assign
anv officer who ma}' be letued undei the pieceding section
ot this act, or the atoresaid act of August 3, 1861, to any
duty 5 and such uffieei Urns assigned shall receive the full
pay and emoluments of his grade while so emplo\ ed.
Src. 16. Andbeit f wither cnactcd, Thatheieaftei the rate
of mileage ol membeis of Congress shall be icduced fifty
per cent., to be computed by the most direct tiavclod icute
from their places of icsidence to the seat of Congicss, le-
spectively. A statement of the mileage of each Senator
shall be certified to the Seciemy of the Senate, and of each
Representative and Delegate to the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the House of Repiesentatives by the Postina.-tei General,
within thirty days after the commencement ot the fiist ses-
sion of each (Jongics-5: Provided, That until a railioad is
eonstiucted to the Pacific coast, the mileage of Senators
and Representatives from beyond the Rocky mountains
shall bo computed b> the usually ti.iveled unite.
Sic. 17 And he tl fuither enacted, That the number of
paymasters of the volunteer forces of the United States shall
be ieduced so as not to exceed one hundred and twenty-
five.
Src. 18. And be if fuither cnacted, That no allowance oi
commutation 6-hall ho made to ofliceis lor fuel and quar-
tets. Theimmhei of offices now allowed to ceitam officers
of the Aimyin the tiansaction ol business shall be fur-
nished, and no more. Ami no allowance shall be made to
olficei-* when entitled to icccive mileage, for transpoitation
of baggage or servant-. This section shall not alfect the
piesent regulations forquaiter-3 and fuel actually furnished
and assigned to officers on duty in the field, oi to quartets
assigned in public building belonging to tiie Government.
Si:c. ilj. And hcitfurthci cnactcd, That the bounty now
allowed by law tosoldieis in the seivice of the United States
shall, in the event that a soldier entitled theieto shall die
intestate without having thawn the same, be paid to the
following pei-ons, and m the order following, and to no
: other pen-on, to wit: fnut, to the widow of such deceased
soldier, it theie be one; second, it theiu be no widow, then
to the children of such deceased soldier, share and share
alike ; third, if such soldier left neither a widow nor child
or ehtldion, then and in that ea&e such bounty shall be paid
to the following person?., to wit: first, to his lather, oi, if
he be dead or has abandoned his family, then to the mother
of «nch soldier; and if there be neither father nor mother
as aforesaid, then such bounty shall be paid to such of the
Inothcrs and sisteis of the intestate, resident as aforesaid,
who may have been dependent upon such intestate foi
suppoit.
Skc. 20. And be it further enacted, That all contracts
made for, or oulets given tor the purchase of, goods or
supplies by any Depaitment of the Government, shall be
promptly reported to Congress by the proper head of such
Depaitment, if Congress shall at the time be in session, and
if not in session, said reports shall be made at the com-
mencement of the next session.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That no contract or
order, oi any interest theiein, shall be transfeued by the
party or paities to whom such contract or order may be
given, to any other party or parties, and that any such trans-
ior shall cause the annulment of the contractor order trans-
ferred, so far as the United States are concerned: Provided,
That all rights of action are hereby reserved to the United
States for any breach of such contract by the contracting
party or paities.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That every person who
shall furnish supplies of any kind to the Army or Navy
shall be required to mark and distinguish the same on the
outside of each and every package, with the name or names
of the contractors so furnishing such supplies to the Aimy
or Navy; and no supplies of any kind shall be received
unless so marked and distinguished.
Sec. 23. And beit further enacted, That the Prcsidentof
the United States be, and hereby is, authorized and re-
quested to dismiss and discharge from the militaiy service
either in the Army, Navy, or volunteer force, in the United
States service, any officer for any cause which, in hi* judg-
ment, renders such officer unsuitable lor service, or whose
dismission would, in his judgment, promote the public ser-
vice.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the act approved
the 5th of August, 1861, entitled "An aetsupplementaiy to
an act entitled k An act to increase the piesent military es-
tablishment of the United States,' appioved the 29th of
July. 1861,*' be, and the same is hereby, lepealed. Out the
repeal of the said act shall not be construed so as to deprive
those persons already appointed under it from holding their
offices in the same way and manner as if it had not been
repealed.
Sec. 2."). And be it further enacted, That hereafter all
chaplains, whethei in the regular or volunteer service or
hospitals, shall receive #100 per month.
Sec. 26. And be it further cnacted, Thatthe President of
the United States shall have power, whenever in lus opin-
ion it shall be expedient, to pmcha«e cemetery grounds and
cause them to be htcuiely inclosed, to be used as anational
cemetery for the soldieis who die in the service of the
country.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] submitted an amendment
when tiie bill waslastiuider consideration, which
is now in order, but it was not then, in that stage
of the bill. The following section was adopted
as an amendment to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That all chaplains, whether m
the legular or volunteer service or hospitals, shall receive
$100 per month.
The Senator from Iowa moved to amend by
adding the words "and one ration when in the
field." The question now is on this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. I should like
to have the Senator from Iowa consent to change
that amendment. He proposes to give one ration
it day to those chaplains who are in the field. I
think he had better not confine it to those in the
field, but say " one ration a day." I know that
those in the hospitals have an amount of work to
perform that, in comparison with those in the field,
is as three or four to one. I think we had better
give all of them one ration a day.
Mr. HALE. Say " when on duty."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think they
ought to have one ration a day all around. Let
us put them on an equality.
Mr. GRIMES. The suggestion is made to mo.
1 believe I offered the amendment. I am content
that it shall be changed as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. 1 hear Senators around me
say, " Let it go as it is." I am perfectly content
either way. I think it is very important if we
send chaplains out into the field, if they arc going
awayfromamongthcirfriendsamlfrom the neigh-
borhood of the citics, that they should be permit-
ted to go to the quartermasters and commissaries
and draw some provisions.
Mr. COLLAMER. In kind.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care whether it is in
kind or otherwise. The whole amount of expense
entailed will be $118 and some cents for a chaplain
per annum. If it meets the views of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I desire to modify it, «u that
it shall read, " and one ration when on duty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there be no objection on the part
of the Senate. The Chair hears no objection, and
the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have presented to the
Senate atld had referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, several petitions requesting that regi-
mental bands be not discontinued. It appears to
be the opinion of those persons who represent
themselves to be cognizant of this matter, that the
bands may be diminished in point of number, that
