2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
also in the third and fourth lines of the second section,
strike out the worda "■ unci those specially mentioned in this
act," and inseit as follow? : '• and that said entry is made
for the purpose of actual settlement ami cultivation.''
That tire Senate-recede fiom their eighth amendment,
with the following amendment: strike out the word " en-
try," in the seventh line of the fifth section, and insert
"land." , . , .
That the IIousc of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the Senate's twelfth amendment and agree to
the same, with the following amendment, to be added at the
end of the sixth section : " Pioviilcd farther, That no per-
son who has served, or may hereafter serve, for a period of
not less than fourteen days in the Army or Navy of the Uni-
ted States, either regular or volunteer, under the laws
thereof, during the existence of an actual war, domestic or
foreign, shall be deprived of the benefits of this act on ac-
count of not having attained the age of iwentv-one yeais."
JOHN F. POTTER,
CYkUS ALDRICH,
EDWIN II. WEBSTER,
Managers on the -part of the House.
JAMES HARLAN,
JOSEPH A. WRIGHT,
DANIEL CLARK,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BI1L.
The Senate reswmed the consideration of -the
bill (H. R. No.€60) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1863.
Mr. LATHAM. Yesterday the Senator from
Kansas made a statement relative to the residence
of the two superintendents of Indian affairs in
the State of California, which, upon examining
a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
I find i3 correct. The Senator was right and I
was wrong. The two superintendents do reside
in San Francisco, as he stated. The superintend-
ent of the northern district has recently moved
there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question ison the amendmentof tlie Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to modify my
amendment by adding to it these words:
And nil <IU!mi-.emonts made undet this provision shall lie
H'poited indotail to Confines on the fir*l<tny ol the session
following the fiMinl yeat <!ui ni<: ivhieli such money may bo
expended ; and all Mipphes tuim-hed under tins act ~hall
bt'purelia^ccl in tile mode pieseubi'd by law I'oi [he pur-
chase of other supplies.
So that the whole amendment shall read:
And the President is authorized to apply said funds or
so much thereof as may he nuce-s.uy, lor the jehef of the
member of such tribe or tribes a^ have temamed loyal to
the United States and have been driven tiom their hornet;
and all disbursement-* made under this piovision shall be
reported ju detail to Congress on the thvtday of the pension
following the fiscal year dutim?which such money mav be
expended ; and all supplies lurnished under this act shall
be purchased in the mod« presciibed by law lor the put-
chn^e of other .supplies.
Mr.SB CRM AN. The amendment now offered
isontirely inconsistent with the amendment which
I submitted yesterday,and which was then adopted
by the Senate. The Senate yesterday upon my mo-
tion adopted an amendment by which the President
is authorized to declare certain Indian treaties abro-
gated; and in that case he isfcmpowered to expend
the money appropriated to carry those treaties into
effect, for the support of loyal Indians of those
tribes. This proposition,however, would enable
the President to expend all the money appropri-
ated to carry into effect existing treaties for the
benefit of loyal Indians, leaving the treaties still
standing1 to be enforced hereafter. I trust the Sen-
ate will vote down the amendment. I think the
amendment already adopted will accomplish all
necessary purposes. If the Senator desires to
make the abrogation of the treaties imperative, he
can do it by a single word, instead of by tins
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be, of course, for the
Senate to exercise the discretion of making a dis-
tinct appropriation for the relief of these Indians,
or of authorizing the President to use the appro-
priations already made m the original bill. The
Department recommended that $200,000 should
be appropriated for the relief of these Indians,and
inaddition$131,400as interestonabstracted bonds,
and also $255,872 as interest on the non-interest-
paying bonds^all of which would be due to the
Indians, loyal and disloyal. The committee, after
considering the subject maturely, think that these
recommendations, m the aggregate amounting to
$587,000, may be for the present dispensed with
if Congress will authorize the President to use the
money proposed to be appropriated by this bill,
and which would be paid under the provisions of
the bill to disloyal Indians, to that portion of the
tribes who are loyal; and this is the object which
the Committee on Indians Affairs now seek to ac-
complish. If the Senate should adopt this amend-
ment,as I have proposed it, the vote by which the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio was adopted
yesterday can be reconsidered, and it can then be
modified so as to conform to this provision. Both
propositions may stand. We may provide that
the President may use the appropriations thus
made for the relief of the loyal Indians who arc
now destitute, and at the same time authorize him
to abrogate treaties when, in his opinion, the
interests of the country and of the Indians may
require it. The chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, I understand, will feel it to be his
duty to renew the proposition to amend the bill
by adding a large appropriation for the relief of
these Indians if some such amendment as this be
not adopted by the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that my fiiend from
Ohio will not struggle against this proposition
which is offered by the Senator from Iowa. It
meets the full approbation of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. Indeed it is a necessity. The De-
partment asked us for $200,000 to be appropriated
outof the Treasury. The committee thought they
would not urge Unit because they supposed that
Congress might appropriate what was asked for
to pay the interest on the Indian bonds which were
abstracted, but the sense of the Senate was against
that; and now the simple question is whether we
shall take the money approptiated under this bill
for the disloyal Indians, and use it for the purpose
of supporting the loyal Indians, or whether they
shall starve on our hands, or whether we shall
appropriate at once a large sum of money out of
the Treasury for them ? Wc must do one of these
things.
Now let me say to my honorable friend from
Ohio, that when the Committee on Finance come
in here in the morning sometimes, and ask in the
morning hour, before one o'clock, to put through
a little bill for about thii ty millions to help to cai ry
on the war as if it was a vciy small affair,and we
were to take it all on trust, U seems to me that it
is pushing the matter a little too fur to object to a
proposition like this, when the Committee on In-
dian Affairs insist that it is absolutely necessary
that we shall cither use this money in this way,
or that we should have an appropriation for the
seven oreight thousand Indians, Our own friends,
who have been driven out of the Indian territory
because they arc our friends, men, women, and
children, now starving in Kansas,and to be sup-
ported by the people of Kansas.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin a question, as several of us
on this side are uncertain about the matter. As
I understood the Senator from Ohio, this amend-
ment is but redacting what we have already
agreed to by an amendment before adopted, ex-
cept that probably it is a little more full than the
one we have adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable fiiend wherein the difference consists. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio authorizes
the President to annul all the existing treaties be-
tween the UmtedStatesand the Creeks, the Chick-
asaws, the Seminoles, the Choctaws, and all the
disloyal tribes in the Indian territory, and it pro-
vides that if he annuls a treaty with any one of
the tribes he may take the money appropriated
under this bill for that particular tribe and use
that money for the benefit of the loyal Indians of
that tribe who'may have been driven out of the
Indian territory. That will not reach the object,
( nor will it give sufficient money to enable the
President to relieve these Indiansunless he should
annul all the treaties. If he should annul all the
treaties, he would have the control of all this
money; but it may bo a very serious question
whether, as a matter of good policy, the President
ought to declare null and void all these treaties.
With some of these Indians we made the present
treaties which we have with them, giving them
lands in the Indian territory, and the annuities
which we have been paying to them, in consider-
ation of our receiving the lands we icceivedfrom
them in Georgia and other States, which we have
already sold. Besides, as I stated yesterday,the
fault is not wholly with these Indian tribes that
they have been led into their present state of hos-
tility to the United States. Our own agents ap-
pointed by our own Administration, since Mr.
Lincoln came into power, through the influence
of Mitchel, of Arkansas, turned secessionists, and
have been the very means employed to persuade
these Indians to occupy this state of hostility to
us; and I understand that many of the very best
and oldest of the chiefs are struggling; against it,
are still loyal, and still hope to bring the tribes
into friendly relations with the United States, and
I have no doubt they will succeed.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to ask the Senator
right there, if he will allow me to do so, whether
he has any means of knowing that the loyal In-
dians whom he proposes to feed, and whom we
are feeding at an expense of $1,000 a day in Kan-
sas now, are the only loyal Indians of the tribes,
and whether, by making the appropriation in this
way for these Indians, we do not deprive other
loyal Indians who have never left their homes of
their portion of the money which should properly
be allotted to them.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to the Senator that
the amendment as drawn will not, I think,exclude
the loyal Indians that have not left their homes.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wisconsin
was telling the Senate that this appropriation was
to feed Indians starving in Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I referred to that because
I supposed they were the main body of Indians
who had been driven out.
Mr. POMEROY. If you appropriate money to
feed those Indians and none others, it would woik
gicat hardship to the Indians who are loyal and
havenotbeen drivenoutoftheircountry. 1 should
be glad to give compensation to those Indians who
are loyal and who have remained at home, for I
think there is far more credit due to those who
have remained where they were, and have been true
to the Government, than to those who ran away.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Iowa to state that the language of his amend-
ment would not exclude loyal Indians that le-
mained, but the suffeiings which are brought to
our noticc have been mainly on the part of those
who were driven out last winter after the battle
between the loyal and disloyal Indians, when many
men were killed, and the women and children and
some of the men were driven out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the amendment pro-
posed by the Senatorfrom Ohio, which was adopt-
ed yesterday, is to stand, and the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa is to be adopted,
the two together will present rather a singular
state of things. I would suggest that by a little
modification the whole thing may be met. The
amendment of the Senator fiom Ohio, leads in
tins way:
That in cases where the tubal oigamzdtion of any In-
dian tube Mtall be in actual hostility to tlie United States,
the Picsident is heieby authorized by pioeJamntion to de-
clare all tieatses with such tribe as annulled, abiogate*!, and
set aside by such tribe, and in such case.
It goes on to provide that in such case, the money
may be applied for the rehefof the loyal Indians.
The difficulty suggested by the Senator from Iowa
is that the President is confined to that case, and
that if he does not think it wise to abrogate the
treaties, he cannot apply the money for the relief
of the loyal Indians. By sinking out the words
" in such case," and inserting " further," so as to
make it read, "and the President is further author-
ized to expend so much of the money appropri-
ated for such tribe as may be necessary for the
relief," &c., it would accomplish two objects; the
President would be authonzed to annul the treaty,
but not required to do it; and if he did not annul
the treaty, he would still be authorized to apply
the money to the relief of the loyal Indians. That
would render the amendment ol the Senator from
Iowa unnecessary.
Mr. HARLAN. That would be the result so
far as that one tribe would be affected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thiscovers all the tribes.
Mr. HARLAN. But if the President should
abrogate the treaty existing with one tribe, and
not with another ti ibe, would he then have power
to use the monev of the tribe with which the treaty
was not abrogated ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, because it says,
" such tribe,"and " such tribe" refers to the words
"in cases where the tribal organization of any In-
dian tribe shall be in actual hostility to the United
