1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21 m
States." I take it, that covers the wlioleofthe In-
dians who have been driven out, as is said. It
strikes my mind that this would be sufficient.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true that what the
Senator from Maine says is correct. If you strike
out the words, " in such case," there is no differ-
ence between the amendment offered by me and
the amendmentoffered by the Senator from Iowa,
and his object will be accomplished by striking
out those three words, but that is not my pur-
pose. I think now that we ought to avail our-
selves of the opportunity to abrogate all the trea-
ties with the disloyal tribes. The treaties were
negotiated by the very men who have led them
into treason. They contain provisions that I want
to get rid of. I frankly mention my object now.
They have waged war against the United States,
and I want to make them suffer the penalty of
that waifare. Tnese treaties contain such pro-
visions that, if I would read them over, I know
two thirds of this body would agree with me that
they ought to be abrogated, and I want now to
avail ourselves of their hostility to abrogate trea-
ties that were improvident on the part of the Uni-
ted States, and not beneficial to the Indians them-
selves. Among other provisions in these Indian
treaties there were vaiious provisions in regard to
negro slaves, 1 may say that if those treaties were
all wiped out from the statute-book, and we had
to negotiate other treaties, I have no doubt they
would be of a different tenor, much more benefi-
cial to the Indians, and much better for the Uni-
ted States.
My object in offering the amendment which has
been adopted was to compel the President of the
United States to declare the legal effect of their
actual hostilities, to compel him by proclamation
to declare that war existed, and by that fact, as a
matter of course the treaties would be abrogated,
and new treaties may be negotiated hereafter.
The Senate may choose between them. As a
matter of course, if the Senate desire to place in
the power of the President live hundred and sixty-
odd thousand dollars to feed loyal Indians 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amount for all
these tribes, including the interest on their bonds,
&c., is much more than has been stated here. The
amount of annuities alone, I believe, is $169,000;
but I may be mistaken as to the amount. At any
rate, if the amendment now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa be adopted, it placcs the whole of
this sum in the hands of the Secretary of the In-
terior or the President to feed loyal Indians. Now,
Mr. President, is there any obligation on the part
of this Government to feed the loyal Indians ex-
cept that which grows out of our treaty stipula-
tions? Senators may stand up here and talk about
hard cases, and so they may bring before us cases
of white people driven from the southern States
who have suffered the loss of all their property;
some of them have lost those upon whose labor
they depended for support; wives have lost their
husbands, mothers have lost their children. Sen-
ators may depict scenes that have occurred in the
southern States that would excite the pity of any-
mortal man. Is it therefore the duty of the Uni-
ted States to extend protection and aid and charity
to all those people? Can we do it? Would Sen-
ators ask the United States to extend charity and
relief to all those who have been brought into dis-
tress by this war? It is impossible. Why, then,
should we extend relief to Indians when no one
would call for that relief to loyal white people
driven from the southern States? The only ground
upon which we can take money from the Treas-
ury of the United States and give it to loyal In-
dians is because that money belongs to certain
tribes of disloyal Indians, and that those tribes
have forfeited the right to the money by their own
acts of hostility against us, and that therefore we
can take the iponey that belonged to those tribes
and use it to support the loyal Indians of those
tribes. That is the only ground on which this
appropriation can be based. But if you leave the
treaties to stand, remaining in force, so that the
United States will be compelled to pay the full
amount of the annuities provided for in them to
the tribal organizations, and then besides that
take money from the Treasury to support the
loyal Indians, you duplicate the burden upon the
Treasury, although the tribes as such have for-
feited all right to call upon the Government for
annuities, or for any relief whatever.
I am, therefore, willing to give all the relief that
is desired, to take all the money that belongs to
these tribes and give it to the loyal Indians, but
as a condition precedent, I desire that the Presi-
dent shall abrogate all these treaties, using the
money for the loyal Indians, and hereafter we can
negotiate treaties with a different class of chiefs.
That is another reason. If you let these tribal
organizations remain as they are now, the same
old chiefs that have taken up arms against the
United States continue in power. If you abrogate
all the treaties, you can substantially make new
chiefs for these Indian tribes. It is one of the pe-
culiarities in negotiating a treaty with-an Indian
tribe that you can yourselves designate the chiefs
or persons with whom you will negotiate. I want,
by abrogating all these treaties, to put an end to
all claims that may be made for dues under the
treaties, and let us commence de novo, and make
new chiefs for all these tribes, and Jet us make
new treaties with them; and I have no doubt it
will be better for the Indians and better for the
Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, itis notevcry
treaty which becomes annulled by the intervening
of a state of war. Some treaties are annulled by
the existence of war between the parties, and some
treaties remain in full force. Some provisions of
a tieaty may remain in force between the parties
during a state of war, while other provisions of
the same treaty may be annulled in consequence
of the existence of the state of war. We*are to
remember in reference to these treaties that they
are contracts between the United States of Amer-
ica and the Indian tribes, and as such are to be
sacredly observed, unless some matter of fact has
occurred by which they have lost their obliga-
tions upon the one party or the other.
Now, sir, I should be extremely loth to vote
here in the Senate to declare a treaty with an In-
dian tribe null and void, unless I was perfectly
well satisfied that there was such a state of facts
existing between the parties as would justify the
United States, as a measure of war, in declaring
the treaty null and void. I think that before we
pass a law authorizing the President to set aside
a solemn treaty, or do it ourselves, we had better
at least pause and ascertain what the facts are,
and what tribes of Indians have been actually en-
gaged, as such, in their national capacity, in hos-
tility against the United States. I think we are
stepping a little too rapidly when we undertake
to take the law into our own hands, and to judge
of the infraction of a treaty between ourselves
and the Indian tribes in this way. If there beany
doubt as to the fact of these treaties being an-
nulled by a state of war, it is our duty, I sub-
mit, to inquire into it, and ascertain what tribes
have been engaged in actual war against the Uni-
ted States. Thus far I have heard no gentleman
undertake to say what these tribes are; what then*
names aie; and what acts of war they have com-
mitted. It seems to me that unless we do this, we
should be bringing upon ourselves the reproach
of acting hastily and precipitately in our legisla-
tion. I think the better way would be to make
no appropriation at the present time for the tribes
that arc suspected of being engaged in waragainst
the United States, or any members of those tribes,
but to leave the whole matter open at present to
be settled hereafter, as events may justify.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does the gentleman
from Michigan know that there are eight thousand
Indians in Kansas of these tiibes that are being
now fed by the Government, and unless the feed-
ing is continued, they must starve or be fed by
the people of Kansas? I should like to know from
the Senator from Ohio if he can point to one of
these tribes that, in their tribal capacity, have de-
clared war against this Government. I venture
to say that not one of these tiibes has, in a tribal
capacity, so declared. A portion of them by com-
pulsion have been forced to go over to the enemy;
another portion have remained acquiescent at
home; and another portion have fought their way
into the State of Kansas; not running off, as my
colleague says, but they fought every inch of their
way to the State of Kansas, and every step was
marked by their blood.
Mr. WILKINSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator how it is that a portion were driven out if
the majoi ity were not in favor of the rebellion ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am going to try to
answer that question, and I desire the attention of
Senators. Last spring, as early as April, theae
tribes sent a deputation to Kansas, telling us of
their condition, and asking us for assistance in
their effort to defend themselves. We could render
them no assistance. In August they sent.arnother
large deputation to Kansas for assistance;, but we
could not send them any. By your treaties,you afce
compelled, I think, to keep live forts within their
bordeis for their defense. By the enemies of the
country our troops were driven from their terri-
tory, and they were left there without protection
from us, with Arkansas and Texas on the south,
and Missouri on the east. I stated here yesterday,
with a knowledge, I believe, of what I said, that
the moment protection is furnished to these In-
dians they will return as one man to their loyalty.
For us to take advantage of this opportunity
to declare these treaties null and void, it seems to
me, would be unmanly, for I do assure the Sena-
tor from Ohio that when our Army reaches there,
and that. Army is now about starting, these tribes
will at once come back to their allegiance. Not
only did we fail to protect them, but we sentthere,
even since the administration of Mr. Lincoln com-
menced, agents from here to-them, who turned
upon the Government and informed them that this
Government was unable to protect them; that this
Government ignored them; and that this Govern-
ment advised them to go over to the enemy. Now,
in the plenitude of our power, we propose to
trample under foot solemn treaties, when we have
failed to comply with a single one of the stipula-
tions of those treaties; and what were they ? That
we would, within a certain time, pay them certain
moneys. Did we pay them ? Not a dollar. That
we would man five forts and protect them. Did.
we protect them ? No. We left them weak and
unarmed, to be driven from their country, to be
trampled under foot, to be murdered; and now,
having thus failed in every si gleprovision of the
treaties, we propose to take advantage of thetr
weakness, and direct the President to ignore the
treaties. I am as anxious as the Senator from
Ohio to eradicate some provisions of those trea-
ties; but we have always claimed in our Indian
policy that the Indian tribes were our wards or
our children, and I should consider it disgraceful
for a guardian or a parent thus to take advantage
of the weaknessof his wards or children which he
himself had brought upon them.
Mr. President, unless this Congress provides
for feeding these Indians, tlie people of Kansas
will be compelled to feed them; and what is the
condition of that people ? One year ago we had a
famine, and were compelled to call upon the peo-
ple of the northern States to feed us. We have
now in our midst and are feeding at least four
thousand fugitive slaves from Missouri and Ark-
ansas. We have at least two thousand refugees
from Arkansas and Missouri-—whites—-that we
arc feeding. Yesterday, by a vote of the Senate,
you threw upon Kansas the feeding of two or
three thousand Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. How?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. How? The Dela-
waies, Pottawatomies, and other tribes of Indians
deposited with you certain bonds, the interest of
which you agreed to pay. The officers of your
Government unlocked your own safe, where you
had placed those bonds, and stole them, and yes-
terday, by a vote, you declared that yoti would
not pay the Indians" the interest upon those bonds.
Besides the fugitive slaves, besides the two thou-
sand refugee whites from Arkansas and Missouri,
you have thrown upon us by that vote the feed-
ing of these Indian tribes; for I do say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, with a knowledge of what I say,
that unless the Government feeds the Indians the
people of Kansas must feed them; arid in addition,
now, the Senator from Ohio would compel the
people of Kansas to feed eight thousand Indians
that you have neglected, that you yourselves have
driven to want. Itis too much; it is unjust; I
say, again, it is unmanly.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume, indeed I know
it is true, from the reports, that these Indians arc
refugees, mid have been driven out of their Indian
country to jKansas, but my colleague says they
all fought their way, and covered the ground with
their blood. I never have supposed that that was
the case, from the fact that I perceive by thte re-
ports that a large portion of them are women and
children, and I do not know how they could have
fought. I can imagine that they may have suf-
