119Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
try one of the great evils of our system is, that
we "<h> not pay well enough for good services, and
we pay too much for inferior services. The con-
sequence is that we secure, to a great extent, in
the various offices of the Government incompe-
tency, inefficiency. In place of a judge who will
cleat: his calendar and administer the law in a
week, we have an inferior man who will hold
court for a month, and render unsound adjudica-
tions, and cause appeals to the superior tribunals
and cause litigations throughout the land. The
same is true in other branches of the public service.
The Senator from Massachusetts talks about
saving. The law of saving is not the law of econ-
omy, or else the miser would be the highest econ-
omist. Public economy consists in doing what
can be best done for the public good, in the least
expensive manner. - There is no greater error
than saying " an office is a place of dignity, and
parties are to accept it on account of the dignity,
and take part of the compensation in that." if
Government wants to be well served, Government
must transact business like individuals. The mer-
chant in the city of New York seeks skill; and
how does he obtain skill? By paying the com-
pensation which skill demands. The economy
is in paying well and securing competent officers,
and then in having no more than are necessary.
It was said here upon the floor a short time ago,
or in one of the committee rooms, that in one of
the Departments of the Government the clerks
cannot keep up the business, because they do not
understand anything about it. What is the reason
they have not persons who understand the busi-
ness of the Treasury Department and the various
offices? What is the reason the Auditors die be-
hind,with their array of clerks? Want of knowl-
edge on the part of the employes is the cause.
I am for reducing the number of officers and per-
sons paid by the Government. I will go in that
direction as far as almost any Senator, as far as
I think we can go with justicc. Instead of re-
ducing the compensation and taxing the pay, let
us inquire what officers are not needed, and re-
quire the heads of the various bureaus and Depart-
ments to work their force. If instead of talking
about reducing compensation in regaid to soldiers,
wo see, or try to have the proper Department of
the Government see to it, that the business of the
Government is properly administered, there will
be proper economy. More can be saved 111 the
quartermaster's department by an extra day of
labor, than can be saved by our talking about
these retrenchments. More can be saved by a
bold and efficient administration of the War De-
partment. It is the economy of prompt action,
it is the economy of sound admimstiation that
will save the Treasury of this Government, and
relieve us from the burdens with which wo are
threatened. Cutting down pay is no way to main-
tain the Federal Treasury pending this war. We
want good, sound, prompt, efficient administra-
tion; we want to employ good and sound public
agents in all the departments connected with the
war.
Mr. President, this is a very inopportune time
to introduce this particular bill. We have had our
Army organized and in the field for many months.
They have just been winning great successes in
the West, and we are just now moving our main
column down into Virginia, for the campaign is
fully opened. Now, right on the very verge and
eve of battle, it is proposed to deprive the regi-
ments of their bands as a piece of economy, as a
piece of saving, and to cut down the pay of the
officers who are to lead our soldiers into battle.
And here let me remark that I did not think the
practice had come into the United States Senate
of Senators making invidious distinctions between
classes of men who fill either civil or military po-
sitions. The poor soldier is presented here as a
person who has special merits as against the officer
of the Army. The Senator from Massachusetts
speaks of the men who do the fighting 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no; I
never said so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I heard the Senator from
my place use the expression.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I beg the
Senator's pardon.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I can only say that I un-
derstood that to be the language of the Senator.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator said some-
thing which left the impression upon my mind
that that was his expression, at any rate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
allow myself to be misrepresented. I said noth-
ing of the kind. I made no invidious distinction
between the officers and men. I spoke of the
small pay of the one as compared with the large
pay of the other, and I said that if you made a dis-
tinction you should make it in favor of the one
who got the least.
Mr.McDOUGALL. Did nottheSenator make
use of the term " the soldier who docs the fight-
ing?"
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir; I
beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr, McDOUGALL. Well, sir, it is not very
material. I understand that when a person is
placed in any office, it is by reason of some skill
or fitness for it, and as well the officer who takes
charge of our soldiers as the officer who fills the
place of a judge or the seat of a Senator; and I
understand that to the officers belongs the con-
duct of all these soldiers. I can see what was the
basis upon which their compensation was placed.
Was it a reasonable, rational basis, on which a
certain compensation was fixed for the private
soldier, a certain compensation for the lieutenant,
a certain compensation for the colonel, a certain
compensation for the brigadier? Was it upon a
just basis with reference to their skill and ability?
If so, what is the justicc of changing the one and
not the other? it is the skill and the soul of the
leader thatmakes the body of his followersstrong.
This measure comes at a bad time, striking, as
it does, at the compensation of every officer 111 the
field, it may be saving; it is not economy. The
greatest economy will be in strengthening the
arms of your men, giving them all kinds of en-
couragement, and not in saying that they shall
have so manydolUu-s less every month for the
support of their families at home. I do not un-
derstand that our officers are overpaid. I think
the Senator from Massachusetts will find that, of
the regular Aimy, the young officers with fami-
lies are probably the most economical body of
men in the United States, 111 proportion to their
position, education, and associations; and you
will not find, as a general rule, one of them who
is not compelled every month, or, at least, from
time to time, to anticipate his pay in order to meet
his almost immediate necessities. Men of the best
habits, of the greatest economy, do not receive as
compensation now enough to support themselves,
if, perchance, they have with themselves a fam-
ily, which it is the right of the soldier to have,
as well as the right of the {Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
I object to this measure on general principles.
It is unsound; it is admitted to be impeifeet. I
would ask the Senator from Ohio why upon an
important movementof this kind, when a special
committee undertook to investigate it, they do not
bring forward a measure that relates to some sys-
tem. This is a temporary expedient. We have
hail temporary expedients enough. Wc legislated
last summer, passed laws which remain dead let-
ters on the statute-book, impracticable 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will allow
me to answer Ins question now. We have intio-
duced specific bills covering all the officers of this
Government, naval, military, and civil; and yet
when we called up one of them the other day, the
Senate wasted the morning hour in deciding which
of two officers should retire, it beinggenerally ad-
mitted that one of them should retire; but one
Senator being interested in keeping one of them,
and another Senator another, I became discour-
aged, disheartened with any attempt to introduce
and pass through bills carefully considered, regu-
lating the pay of all the officers of the Govern-
ment. 1 do not believe that time can be had to do
it, or to acton those bills; but I will say that a sys-
tem of that kind has been devised, that it is now
in the form of bills before Congress, and I should
like very much indeed to get my friend from Cal-
ifornia to cooperate with me in getting action on
those bills as soon as possible, and then I shall
be willing to let this reduction pass away.
| Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 think that in meeting
, the great necessities of this time, we can afford
S to come to the woik deliberately, to comprehend
j some system that shall embrace both the expenses
| which the Government is compelled to mew, and
i the revenues necessary to sustain those expenses,
a«£ that one should relate to the other, and both
should be party of an entire system. This is a
mere fragmentary, imperfect thing, it'is conceded;
and I say it is started at a time when its main
features will strike the whole body of officers com-
manding our troops in the field, and deprive them
of paitof the means of support. Here let me
say that upon them taxation is unequal, because
their revenue, whatever it may be, their income
is to be assessed. The income of the colonel, the
captain, the lieutenant is to pay the percentage
that may be named as an income tax. Should he
be taxed more than the citizen who remains at
home, and pay; a double tax? There is neither
policy nor justice in it.
I understood the Senator from New Hampshire,
the chairman of the Naval Committee, to move
an amendment to the ninth section of this bill for
the purpose of making the provision constitu-
tional. A word as to that. 1 say the provision
is unconstitutional in its terms, and it would be
with his amendment. When the Constitution pro-
vides that the salary of a judge shall not be re-
duced during his continuance in office, it means
to prohibit anything that in substance amounts to
that; and what cannot be done directly cannot be
done indirectly. lie is entitled to his salary of
$6,500 a year, if that is the amount fixed by law.
If the Government can withdraw ten per cent, it
can withdraw fifty per cent. This is class legis-
lation aimed at officers. It may as well be aimed
; at six officers as at sixty thousand. You may
say, then, of the judges of the Supreme Court, that
they shall pay into the Treasury, or that there
shall be retained in the Treasury, fifty per cent, of
their salaries; and if you may say it of the judges
of the Supreme Court as a body, you may say it
of any one of the judges; and you may by this
kind of legislation defeat the Constitution by a
mere change of name. If you cannot get at a
tiling, as the Senator says, you may change its
name and then it is practicable. I understand him
so to say. That kind of logic does not answer the
demands of the Constitution or the law. Ho is
going to change the name to make it constitutional
or so that it will not be so patently obnoxious to
objections as unconstitutional. Equally uncon-
stitutional it is in both forms, so far as it applies
to them.
But that is not my objection to the bill. It is
that this saving is noteconomy; thatitisto oper-
ate just at this time upon the men whom we trust
with our lives and honor. It is saying to them,
" we will tax yon more than the man who remains
at home is taxed; he earns his five hundred or
thousand dollars a year, or his two thousand or five
thousand dollars a year, and he pays one tax, and
that tax you pay too; but you, not receiving any-
thing like an equal compensation with the man
who stays at home, are to pay the same tax that
the person at home pays, and then ten per cent,
besides"—an enormous burden as a single item
of taxation. It is bad policy, it is an injustice, it
is a violation of the fundamental rule that taxation
should be equal, it is in some respects obnoxious
to the provisions of the Constitution. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 2; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Biow mug, Cailile, Chandler, Clark, CoJ-
lamet, Cowan, D.ivi-., Dixon, Doohule, Fe^semten, Foot,
Fo^toi. Grime4., Hale, ll.ulau, nam*, IIciHiei&on, Tlowuid,
Howe, ICm , Lane o( Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Morrill, Ponieioy, Powell, Ilice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Ttumbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson oi
Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—37.
NAYrf— Messrs. Kennedy and McDougdl!—2.
So the bill was passed.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
11th instant,a resolution (S. No.22) providing for
the payment of the awards of the commission to
investigate the military claims in the department
of the West.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up the bill
(H.R.No. 189) for the survey of grants or claims
of land, for the put pose of having it iccommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands. It was re-
ported on adversely.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was re-
; committed to the Committee on Public Lands,
