1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
would not do this from choice, but they would do
it from necessity. It will produce such a conflict
between the races as will render it inevitable, and
there will be no escape from it.
I maintain that it is a matter of humanity to the
negro in this city, and of justice to the white pop-
ulation of this city, that when you turn three.&r-
four thousand negroes who are now in s.jtftfth of
slavery free, you should relieve them from' the
curse of such a population, from its expense, from
its burdens upon this community in every form;
you ought to assume the philanthropy and the
justice—the philanthropy to the negro race and
the justice to the white race—to remove these peo-
ple from the District. You may refuse to do it.
If you do, a few years' experience will tell you
what a mistake you made. I shall speak, thougfcy
on this subject at more length oil another occa-
sion. I will only say now that when the negroes
are liberated in the cotton States, it is giving up
the cotton States to the negro race, and it is ex-
pelling, in a very short time, by inevitable neces-
sity the white population from that country, or it
is introducing war between the two races that will
result in the exile or expulsion of one or the other.
I know what I talk about. Mr. President, the
loyal people of the slave States are as true to this
Union as any man in the Senate Chamber, or in
any of the free States; but never, never will they
submit by unconstitutional laws to have their
slaves liberated and to remain domiciled among
them; and the policy that attempts it will estab-
lish a bloody La Vendee in the whole of the slave
States, my own included. If at the time you com-
menced this war, you had announced as the na-
tional policy that was to prevail the measures and
visionary schemes and ideas of some gentlemen
on this floor, you would not have had a solitary
man from the slave States to support you. When-
ever you seek to carry those measures into oper-
ation you unite the slave States as one man. They
will tell you that in resisting such schemes they
are fighting for the Union and the Constitution;
and they will tell you so truly. They will tell you
that your system of policy is no less aggressive
and destructive upon the Union anil the Consti-
tution than that of the rebels of seccssia them-
selves; and they will tell you so truly. They will
feel it as incumbent on them as men and as free-
men to resist your unconstitutional policy, by
which you will overturn and trample under your
feet the principles of the Constitution, as they feel
it to be their duty to resist the war which the se-
cessionists have made upon the Union.
Mr. President, I did not expect to say a word
in relation to this subject. I speak upon the im-
pulse of the moment. I speak from what I know.
I apeak from what 1 feel. 1 speak of principles
anu a line of conduct that I will devote my life to,
and that every Union man in the slave States will
devote his life to. Sir, in the horrors of the French
revolution, the peasantry of La Vendee never
made a more united and heroic struggle in defense
of all rights against the encroachments of that
wild revolution than will be made in the slave
States against your unconstitutional encroach-
ments on their rights. You will unite them as
one man, as one woman; the whole white popu-
lation, men, women and children, will unite m
deadly resistance to any such policy.
I did not intend to anticipate this discussion;
but when a measure so flagrant, so unjust to the
white population of this District, as to liberate
all the slaves here, and to make no provision for
their colonization, is forced upon them by an
arbitrary assessment of value, without submitting
it to the judgment of just men, and without con-
sulting thern whether they desne it or not—when
a measure of this kind is submitted upon a people
who have 110 representation here, I fuel as a sen-
timent of humanityand justice that I ought to in-
terpose one word of remonstrance against this
population being left in their midst.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor; and on his mo-
tion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 12, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a statement of the
appropriations applicable to the service of that
Department; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
REGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the appointment
of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut, a regent
of the Smithsonian Institution, in place of Corne-
lius C. Felton, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
"""Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of privilege.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
yesterday referred to the Committee on Com-
merce the annual Coast Survey report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the report be laid
on the table, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT also, in the same connection, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there he printed five thousand exti a copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the United States
coast Survey, for the year ; three thousand of which
shall bo for distribution by tlio .Superintendent, and two
thousand eopies for the use of the members of the House
of Representatives.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I was ac-
cidentally absent from the House yesterday when
the vote was taken on the passage of the joint res-
olution relative to emancipation. I ask the con-
sent of the House to record my vote.
No objection being made, Mr. Thomas voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. GURLEY made a similar request.
No objection being made, Mr. Curley voted
" ay."
Mr. LEHMAN made a similar request.
At the suggestion of the Speaker, by unani-
mous consent, permission was granted to all who
desired to vote upon the said resolution.
The following members voted:
YEAS—Messis. Cobb, Claik, Guiloy, Lehman, Sedg-
wick, iienjamin I1'. Thomas, Wall, and Wheeler.
NAYS—Messrs. Calvert, tinder, Mallory, Menzk'3, and
Morris.
THANKS TO J. ERICSSON.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a joint resolution giving the thanks of Con-
gress to J. Ericsson for his skill and energy in the
construction of the iron-clad gunboat Monitor;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SEDG-WICK moved that the joint reso-
lution bo referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REMISSION OP PENALTIES.
Mr. ALLEY reported from the Committee on
Commerce the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of Ihe
XTnitcd States of Amcrica in Congress assembled, That the
Secretaiy of the Navy bo and he hereby it. authotizcd and
empowered to inquire into the circumstances attending the
failure of certain conttactors for building steam macluiieiy
within the time specified ui their seveiai contracts, and to
1 emit the whole of the penalties for such failuie, ora part
thereof, as to luin tnay seem just ait'd equitable.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ALLEY moved the previous question on
its engrossment and third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Thejoint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they hud examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 284) for
the relief of Z. B. Caverly, late secretary of lega-
tion at Lima, Peru; when the Speaker signed the
same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 341, to
authorize the purchase of coin, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments; and also a bill (S. No.
187) to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands of the United States; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
INDEMNITY TO CITIZENS OF DELAWARE.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 321, to in-
demnify certain citizens of the State of Delaware
for expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States, with the recommendation that it do
pass; and moved that it be ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CONVENTION "WITII NEW GRANADA, ETC.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana. I am directed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report back
Senate joint resolution No. 54, to amend an act
entitled "An act to carry into effect conventions
between the United States and the Republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica," with an amend-
ment. The resolution merely provides necessary
rules for taking testimony. I move that it be put
on its passage.
The amendment of the committee was read, as
follows:
Suike out the resolving clause, and insert the words "be
it enacted, See.,5' and amend the title, bo as to make it a
biil, instead of a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not sure that
it is in order for this House to change the form
of a resolution or a hill coming from the Senate.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Resolutions are
sometimes only declaratory of the meaning of
former acts.
The SPEAKER. A resolution is as much a
law as a bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. If it be the sense
of the Chair that the amendment is not in order,
I withdraw it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ATLANTIC FISHERIES.
Mr. ELIOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report back Senate bill No. 150,
for a joint commission for the preservation of the
Atlantic fisheries, and to move that it be put on
its passage.
The bill was read inextenso. It authorizes the
President of the United States to appoint a com-
missioner, to meet such commissioner as may be
appointed on the part of Great Britain, and also
one on the part of France, together to form a
joint commission to frame measures to protect the
fisheries off the coasts of Newfoundland and North
America against deterioration and destruction by
means of set lines on the spawn banks, and like
destructive practices,and provides that, to enable
the President to carry into effcct this act, the sum
of $3,000 is appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ASHLEY^ from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the release
of certain persons held to service or labor in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the bill and report
of the committee be printed, and that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
It was so ordered.
