1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3113
they reject it, the Senator of course will bring in
-his amendment. I propose, if it is agreeable to
hira, that he withdraw his amendment and I offer
mine, that we may take the sense of the Senate
on my proposition first.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest that the
amendments reported by the committee are first
in order, and no other amendment now is in order
unless an amendment to an amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President—r-
Mr. HALE. A single word to the Chair on
that question of order. I believe that the usual
course, and almost the uniform course, is to pass
upon the amendments of the committee first; but
it is not absolutely a question of order that they
shall be so. The Senate may entertain others.
Mr. COLLAMER. In order to aid gentlemen
about the order of business, I desire to suggest
that the present motion is to amend an amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. COWAN. That is my proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is to amend the bill itself.
Now, after this amendment of the committee is
adopted, if it shall be adopted, fixing the span at
two hundred and seventy feet, it will still be in
order for the Senator from Kentucky to propose
to amend the bill itself in the mode he suggests.
Mr. DAVIS. Acting on that suggestion, I will
Hot offer my amendment now.
Mr. CO WAN. That is just what I was about
to state. The Senator from Kentucky may move
his amendment as to the character of the bridge
to be built. This only goes to the width of the
channel desired on the part of the people who nav-
igate the river.
Mr. President, it has been urged here repeatedly
that the people in interest have met together and
have decided as to what would be satisfactory to
those whom I represent in this matter. I beg
merely to state how that agreement was made.
Three gentlemen were sent here by the Board of
Trade of Pittsburg in order to see to the interests
of that city in this matter. The Board of Trade
itself at first recommended that the bill before the
Senate, which came from the other House, should
be passed. On discovering, however, what the
bill was, they never having seen it when they made
the first recommendation, they immediately in-
structed me to oppose it; and they sent these gen-
tlemen here in order that they might confer with
us and endeavor to correct the difficulty. They
came here, one of them representing the coal in-
terest of that region, another representing the rail-
road interests of the city of Pittsburg—and I beg
here to state in justice to Mr. Van Bonhorst who
is the postmaster of the city of Pittsburg, that al-
though I stated in the Senate before that he was
the representative of the railroad interest, he in-
forms me that he was the representative of the
railroad interests of the city of Pittsburg, and that
was what he meant in his statement to me, and I
presume that is correct, and I desire to do him the
justice to state him fairly. The other person who
came was a very respectable lawyer of that city,
who came to represent its interests generally.
A proposition was made on the part of the rail-
road company that they would make this bridge
two hundred and seventy feet,and to that propo-
sition Mr. Von Bonhorst, the agent of the rail-
road interests of the city of Pittsburg, and the
general agent, Mr. Shinn, agreed; but Mr. Jones,
who represented the coal interestutterly dissented;
and I being of his opinion, wentwith the minority
of these three men. I then directed attention to
this matter throughout western Pennsylvania to
some extent, and particularly at Pittsburg, and
along the line of the Monongahela river, among
those engaged in the coal trade, and I have here
the affidavits, the sworn testimony, of some fif-
teen of the leading practical pilots of the Ohio
river. They swear distinctly, positively, that a
bridge of three hundred feet span will be an ac-
tual obstruction in the Ohio river, and ruinous to
their trade. There is none of them who put the
span under four hundred feet, and they give most
elaborate reasons for this opinion, and reasons
which, in my judgment, cannot be gainsayed. I
have also a remonstrance against the construction
of any bridge with less thana four hundred feet
span over the Ohio river, signed by about two
hundred and forty persons, the most of whom I
know are engaged in this trade. Under these cir-
cumstances the question is, what shall the Senate
do ? By whose opinion shall they be governed
in.this behalf? The bill was referred back to the
committee who reported it originally, in order to
take testimony, and ascertain whether a bridge
could be built of three hundred feet span. The
testimony of Colonel Long, chief of the topo-
graphical engineers, was mentioned as being in-
valuable on a subject of that kind, he having the
largest experience, perhaps, of any man in the
country. Colonel Longappeared before that com-
mittee. I believe he was not sworn; I believe
nobody was sworn; but the statements of the per-
sons were taken. Colonel Long said that he had
not a doubt about the fact that a bridge of three
hundred feet span could be built; and from his
knowledge of the Ohio river, and its position, he
was further of opinion that any less than that
would be ruinously injurious to the navigation
upon that river. It is said that afterwards Pro-
fessor Felton—Professor Felton ! I think it is a
misnomer. Was it not President Felton ?
Mr. COLLAMER. He is the president of the
Philadelphia and Baltimore Railroad Company.
Mr. COWAN. I know the gentleman very
well.
Mr. COLLAMER. The way he came to be
called professor, I suppose, was the association
of the name with that of his brother, the recent
president of Cambridge.
Mr. COWAN. He is then not a professor him-
self, but the brother of a professor, and therefore
of large learning, of course! The statement of
Mr. Felton, the president of the Philadelphia and
Wilmington Railroad Company, is taken in op-
position to that of Colonel Long, and made the
rule of action for the committee. Mr. Felton may
be right, and Colonel Long may be wrong; but
I would ask whether the statement of Colonel
Long, being unbiased, without any interest in this
matter, is not a better guide to us than that of a
railroad man whose whole interests lie in the other
direction, and who, they lying in that direction, is
unable to see the magnitude and importance of the
stakes of those who resist this proceeding.
I say again, as I stated before in the Senate a few
days ago, that, upon my own judgment, I never
would agree that the span of a bridge over the
channel of the Ohio river should be shorter than
four hundred feet; but I want a bridge; I think
everybody wants a bridge; and I think nobody
wants it at the expense of the river; and I was
willing to consent to a clear water-way of three
hundred feet. If at that time I had had this testi-
mony before me, 1 acknowledge that I should not
have agreed to it, but I should have felt called
upon to resist it at any and at all hazards.
I desire that the Senate shall protect the inter-
ests of these people, who are not able, as a gen-
eral rule, to protect themselves. They are not
men who are accustomed to come here and exer-
cise that kind of influence which is so potent to
attain its end. They are not, as railroad presi-
dents, railroad engineers, railroad directors, ac-
customed to come to large cities, and operate upon
gentlemen who are chosen here to attend to the
interests of the whole country, nor can they do it
so adroitly.
1 trust that the amendment I have proposed will
be sustained, and I trust, too, that the opinion of
Colonel Long, the oldest engineer perhaps in the
country, and as I have understood one of the old-
est experience on the subject of bridge building,
will be taken in preference to that of the president
of a railroad company, who would like of course
to have the bridges over navigable rivers as short
as possible, because it is better for his own inter-
ests that they should be.
Mr. WADE. The Senator speaks about those
who are unable to protcct themselves, and he says
that railroad men can come around here and get
an influence that those men cannot. Nobody lias
been around here; there has been no attempt on the
part of those who want to construct these bridges
to force the proposition through. TheSenatortalks
about those who are in interest of fancy themselves
in interest. I have no kind of doubt or question
that if these men had resorted to the same means
thathave been resorteu to on the other side, instead
of getting fifteen affidavits they might have got an
innumerable number. They are worth but little.
- But the Senator speaks of Colonel Long. Col-
onel Long is a very respectable man; he is an
honorable man; buthehas had nothingtodo with
railroads in the whole course of his life. Some
thirty years ago, as I said before. Colonel Long
was the inventor of a peculiar kind of a bridge
that he thinks now is one of the best in the world;
and that it can be built strong enough for railroad
purposes, and that, too, with a span of three hun-
dred feet. Ail that I can say of him is that he
does not profess to have any experience on the
subject. He lived in the time of turnpikes and mud
roads, when a bridge did not require one twentieth,
perhaps not the hundredth part of the strength
requisite for a railroad bridge. He knows noth-
ing about this subject. He does not profess to be
skilled in the manner in which they are built. He
did not profess to be to us, at all events. He has
not been in the business since railroad constiuc-
tion has become a science.
Mr. GRIMES. Colonel Long was the engineer
assigned to duty to build the Portage road in Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. WADE. I do not know but he has built
railroads. He speaks of his own bridge, and
where it was built. He says he has had nothing
to do with it for thirty years.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
Colonel Long's reference in that instance was lo
show the advantage of the bridge which he built
—not to show when he constructed it, but how
long the timber endured.
Mr. WADE. But he did not profess to have
any idea of the manner in which railroad bridges
were constructed. He was a bridge builder.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to get his testi-
mony.
Mr. WADE. It is here somewhere in writing.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to sec it.
Mr. WADE. The Senator has undertaken to
make merry over " Professor" Felton, because I
called him by that title. I did so because others
did. But he is an engineer, one of the best and
most scientific engineers in the country; and prob-
ably has had more to do with constructing railroad
bridges than any man you can find. He is per-
fectly familiar with almostall the bridges that have
been built in New England. He is acquainted
with all your railroad men and engineers, and he
knows their opinion. He spoke of their opinion,
not of his own more than others. They had med-
itated long as to the length of span with which a
railroad bridge could be built safely; and he in-
formed us, as the Senator from Vermont has al-
ready said, that perhaps the exact point where, by
strengthening the bridge, you would strengthen
it more than you could weaken it by its weight,
had not been exactly attained; but it was the opin-
ion of the profession that two hundred and fifty
feet was the ultimatum to which you could go;
and, acquainted as he was with all the roads in
the country and all the bridges in the country, he
said he knew of but a single instance of a bridge
where the span was two hundred and fifty feet, and
that was at Iladley Falls, on the Connecticut
river.
As to obstructing the navigation, I ask what
kind of an obstruction would a span of two hun-
dred and seventy feet make? Everybody who
has ever sailed up and down the Ohio i lvei knows
full well that in navigating the stream inoidinary
low stages of water, the pilots are obliged to run
between distances not half, not one third this
width; and yet the Senator says this will be an
obstruction. Why, sir, they frequently come to
a place not twice the width of their boat and they
have to go through there; and yet here is a draw
of two hundred and seventy feet, and it is said
they cannot go through it.
Mr. COWAN. Ifthegentleman will allow me,
I desire to read a portion of the testimony of An-
drew McCartney, who has been following the
business of pilot on that river for twenty ytars, as
to the description of flats they use. He says:
" I have navigated upon coal boats hom f lttsbmg lo New
Orleans,and the difficulty in managing (hem is gjeaily de-
creased from Steubenviile to Caiio. Fiom U'.ut to New
Orleans, on account of snog*; and stumis, there i- more dan-
ger. About ten years ago the coal men commenced towing^
their coal m such boats as [ have described, and barge.- ot
various sizes, from one hundrednnd twenty t<>ono hnmhed
and seventy-five feet m length, by twenty to twenty five
feet wide. At first the barges were ^mailer than one hun-
dred ami twenty feet by twenty feet. At the |neo<'iit time
the largest-sized boats and bargee are U5?ed, diawmj? from
seven to eight feet, and containing aboutthe&aine quantity
of coal as the common coal boats, called flat-boats or
i broad-horns.'—
