1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f21«53
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. KINS.
Mr. WEBSTER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have the Committee of Claims
discharged from the further consideration of the
case of John H. King, and to have the papers in
the case refened to the Committee of Accounts.
BILLS ON TIIE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. ELIOT. There arc several bills on the
Speaker's table; I move they be taken up, and
referred to their appropriate committees.
There being no objection, it was so ordered; and
the following bills were taken from the Speaker's
table, and disposed of as indicated below.
TREASURY CONTINGENT FUND.
An act (H. R. No. 388) making appropriations
to roimbuise the contingent fund of the office of
the Secret,u y of the Treasury, including compen-
sation of additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year, and for the year ending June 30,1863, with
Senate amendtnents—referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 68) authorizing
the payment of ceitain moneys heretofore appro-
priated for the completion of the Washington
aqueduct, with Senate amendments—referred to
the Committee on Military Affaiis.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
An act (II. R. No. 446) supplementary to an
act approved 13th July, 1861, entitled " An act to
provide for the collection of duties on imports,
and for other purposes," with Senate amend-
ments—referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EDUCATION Of COLORED CHILDREN.
All act (S. No. 290) providing for the education
of colored children in the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes—read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
JtTROIlS IN THE DISTRICT.
An act (S. No. 279) providing for the selection
of jurors to serve m the several courts m the Dis-
trict of Columbia—read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.*
An act (S. No. 2Go) to incorporate the Mount
Olivet Cemetery Company in the District of Co-
lumbia—read a"first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
OLIVER SPENCER WOOD.
An act (S. No. 282) for the relief of Oliver
Spencer Wood—read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ROSE M. IIAItTE.
An act (S. No. 2DD) for the relief of Rose M.
Harte, widow of Edward Harte—read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
D. G. FARRAGUT.
An act (S. No.303) for the relief ofD. G.Far-
ra<nit read a first and second time, and referred
to°the Committee for the District of Columbia.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
All act (S. No. 297) to limit the appointment
of major generals and biigadier generals in the
army of volunteers—read a first and second time,
and referred t  the Committee on Military Affairs.
ENFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN LAWS.
An act (S. No. 266) for the more convenient
enforcement of the laws of the United States con-
cernino- security to keep the peace arid for good
behavior—read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
MEDICAL STOREKEEPERS.
An act (S. No. 304) to authorize the appoint-
ment of medical storekeepers and chaplains of hos-
pitals—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CIVILIZED INDIANS.
An act (S. No. 302) to protect the property of
Indians who have adopted the habits of civilized
]|f,>—read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
MESSAGES FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
Several messages, in writing, from the Presi-
dent of the United States, were received by Mr.
Nicolay, his Private Secretary.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 401)
relating to cfcims for the loss and destruction of
property belonging to loyal citizens and damages
thereto by the troops of the United States during
the present rebellion, oil which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fenton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. FENTON. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any arrangement
about it.
The SPEAKER,. When the gentleman states
for what purpose he appeals, it will be competent
for any member to object, if it be against the rules.
Mr. BLAIR, of M issouri. I desiie to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have put upon
its passage the bill relating to medical storekeep-
ers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the reading of the
bill now before the House.
The bill was read. It dnects that there shall be
appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
three commissioners and one solicitor of claims,
who shall hold their offices during the pleasure of
the President, and be entitled for their services to
a salary of §3,000 each per annum, to be paid
quarteily, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and such other sum as
shall actually be expended or incurred by them
for traveling expenses in the discharge of their
duties under this act, and certified as reasonable
by the Secretary of War, or First Comptroller of
the Treasury- Each of said commissioners and
solicitor, before entering upon the dischaige of his
duties, shall take and subscribe an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and faith-
fully discharge the duties of said office; and shall
also take and subscribe the oath of allegiance re-
quired by the art of August 6, 1861, which oath
shall be filed ill tile War Department.
The second section directs that the commission-
ers shall appoint a clerk and marshal, who shall
hold their offices during the pleasure of said com-
missioners, and pcrfoim such duties as may be
required of them under this act. The cletk shall
receive a salary of $1,600, and the marshal a salary
of §1,000 per annum, to be paid quaiteily, fiom
the Ttoasury; and in addition the amount which
they shall actually expend for traveling expenses
in the discharge of their duties under tins act, and
which shall be certified as reasonable by the Sec-
retary of War or First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury. Before entering upon the discharge of their
duties, said clerk and marshal shall each take and
subscribe an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and faithfully dischaige the du-
ties of said office, and shall in addition take and
subscribe the oath of allegiance required by the
act of August 6,1861, which oath shall be filed in
the War Department.
The third section gives to the commissioners
cognizance of nil claims against the United States
which shall be presented'to them by any person
who, during the present rebellion, has sustained
or may sustain damages by the loss of any prop-
erty which has been or may be taken by public
authority for the use and occupation of our Army;
also, all claims for property taken or impressed by
public authority for the use or subsistence of the
Army of the United States during said rebellion;
also, all claims for damages by the destruction of
any house or building while the same was occu-
pied-as a place of military deposit under the au-
thority of an officer or agent of the United States;
also, all claims for Josses or damages sustained
during said rebellion by any person in consequence
of the destruction of his or lifer real or personal
property by the" troops in the service of the United
States by order of the commandant of the corps
for whose use the same was occupied, taken, or
destroyed.
The fourth section directs that the claimant-or
claimants who may present his, her, or their claim
under this act shall, in every case, make out an
account against the United States containing the
items of such damages and losses, together with
a statement of the circumstances attending the
same, and names of the officers who commanded
the troops by whom the damages or losses were
occasioned, the time when, as near as may be,
and place where, such losses and damages were
sustained, which account shall be verified by the
oath of the claimant to the effect that the account
presented by him or her to said commissioners for
adjudication is accurately stated; and that the
prices charged are usual, customary, and reason-
able; and that the amount claimed is justly due,
after allowing all just credits and set-offs; that
neither the whole or any part of said claim has
been assigned or transferred, except as therein
stated; and that he, she, or they have actually
sustained the damages charged in said account as
having been done to his, her, or their property by
the troops of the United States over and above the
value of the portions of said property which re-
mained after its destruction; that the same has not
been sustained by reason of any fraud, conniv-
ance, collusion, or procurement of the said claim-
ant or any other person or persons in his, her, or
their behalf; and that no payment has been re-
ceived by the claimant,or anypersonfor him,for
any part of said claim; and that he has not given
any icceipt or voucher by which any officer of the
United States or other person has received or can
receive a credit therefor from the United States.
Said claimant or claimants shall also exhibit and
prove to said commissioners his, her, or their title
to the property, and the extent of their share or
interest therein; and also furnish therewith the
names of all other persons who have any share or
interest in said property, and their residence, as
far as may be. Before presenting said claims to
said commissioners the partv or parties making
the same shall publish, in such public newspaper
as shall be designated by the commissioners, pub-
lished in or near the county in which he, she, or
they leside, once in each week for four consecu-
tive weeks,a notice containing a statementof the
particulars and grounds of said claim, and that
the same will be presented to the commissioners
of claims under this act for adjudication; which
notice shall state under whose authority the prop-
erty for which a claim is made was taken, dam-
aged, lost, or destroyed, and the names and resi-
dence of all persons intended to be offered as
witnesses in the case. Due proof of said publica-
tion shall accompany any account or claim pre-
sented to said commissioners under this act.
The fifth section provwles that the solicitor of
claims shall represent the Governmentof theUni-
, ted States, and attend the examination of parties
I and witnesses in relation to any claim which may
! be pending before said commissioners, prepare
inteirogatoiies and cross-interrogatories, and su-
j perintend the taking of testimony, and render such
other services as may be required of him from
tirno to time by said commissioners.
The sixth section provides that any person who
shall corruptly practice, or attempt to practice,
any fraud against the United States in the state-
ment or proof of any claim, or any pait of any
claim, against the United States under this act
shall forfeit the same to the Government; and it
shall be the duty of said commissioners, in such
cases, to make a special report of the tacts and
fraud'which was practiced, or attempted to be
practiced, to the Secretary of War; and in case
he shall approve and concur in said report, the
claimant shall be forever barred from prosecuting
. said claim.
!| The seventh section gives the commissioners
power to issue subpenas to require the attendance
Jj of witnesses for examination before said commis-
'' sioners, which subpenas shall have the same force
1! as if issued by a district court of the United States,
