1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i\i
Mr. WASHBURNE. On what authority,
then, docs the gentleman say that it is of no use ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I know the fact to be so.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I apprehend there
will be no difference of opinion on the part of the
House as to the fact that this subject properly
belongs to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will modify the res-
olution, so as to cure the objection of the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will modify the reso-
lution by inserting the following:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to com-
municate to this House copies of the correspondence on
the files of flits Department with the late Commodore Bar-
ron, of the United States Navy, with Cliailcs Eilct, civil
engineei, and with Captain It. S. Harris, Galena, Illinois,
touching the proposition suggested or advocated by those
parties to use steam vessels as battering rams, Stc.
I think that will answer the gentleman's objec-
tion. It confines the resolution to three cases.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to say in
response to the gentleman from Illinois that, in
my humble judgment, a portion of the correspond-
ence on the files of the Department is of much
more importance than any to which he refers.
And there will be no difference of opinion as to
this point, that the various subjects referred to in
this resolution properly appertain to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. If that committee is to be
left to discharge any duty in this House, it appears
to me that this is a proper subject to be brought
to its notice; and I therefore hope that the motion
which I have submitted will prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not wish to take
up the time of the House in regard to this matter.
The only question is, whether the House shall
have this information on a very interesting ques-
tion at once, or whether the resolution shall be
smothered in the Committee 011 Naval Affairs. I
have no feeling 011 the subject whatever; but I do
think that it is of importance that this House
should be put in possession of this information at
once. I hope, therefore, that the resolution will be
adopted. It can do no harm; and when the corre-
spondence comcs here every member can judge for
himself. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
On a division of the House on the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
there were—ayes 53, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved that there be
a call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Thursday
next.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and the motion is not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, withdrew his
motion to adiourn.
Mr. MAYNARD renewed the motion to ad-
journ, and 011 that motion he demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will make a
statement that will perhaps change the votes of
some members 011 this subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the rules
be suspended, 111 order that the House may be
able to hear the statement.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS Messrs lioairriri; Calveit, Gilder, William Ivel-
logij. Potter, ;mrt Ilobin>on—G.
NAV^ Aklncli. At nold. Babbitt. Bakfi,
Bidrile. Fmuci- I'. liUiu, Jacob B. Hlaii, Samuel S. Blai,,
Ulake, Gnoreo JT. [iinwnc, Butlmton, Campbell, Cljauiner-
hn, Olaik, Cobb, Colfax, Fictleiick A. Conkhiu, Ro*coe
Conklinff. Cox, Cnttendcn, Cutler, Davi>, Dawes, fliven,
I)ucll. Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, Fe^endeu. FoukP, I«ranchot,
Ftank, Goocb, Goodwin, Uai«bt, llauhng, llanison, lJoi-
John H.llice, Kdwanl II. ItoiSms, Sedgwick, Sliduh-b, She!
labarger, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan, Spaulding, JohnB. Steele,
Stevens, Benjamin I1'. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train,
Trowbridge. Upton, Vallandiaham, Van Valkenlmigh,
Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E P. Walton, Ward, Wash-
buine, Webstei, Wheeler, Wiialey, Alberts. White, Chil-
ton A. Wilite, Wilson, Windoni, Worcester, and Wright
—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the reference of the pending resolution offered by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibtjp.ni:,]
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next, with the understanding that no
business is to be done on that day.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I prefer to have a
concurrent resolution of the two Houses for an
adjournment until the Gill of January.
'Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand tellers
on my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would like to
make a statement.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want to say that
the Senate are acting upon our tariff bill, which
was sent over this morning; and I learn it is very
probable that they will afterwards act upon our
resolution in relation to an adjournment. I think
wo had better not adjourn until wo see what they
do in regard to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will with-
draw my motion for the present, if there is any
probability of the passage by the Senate of the
other resolution properly amended.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act in relation
to courts-martial in the Army; when the Speaker
signed the same.
STEAM RAMS AGAIN.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
F. A. CONKLING to refer to the Committee on
Naval Affairs the resolution submitted by Mr.
Washbuhne.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will not insist on a
division. I am willing that the resolution shall be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
will obtain the same information, I presume.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
INELIGIBILITY TO HOLD OFFICE.
Mr.MOORHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inqune into the expediency of reporting a bill providing
that any person or persons engaged or implicated in the
piesent lrbellion against the Constitution of the United
States be forever heieafter lendcred ineligible to hold any
office unilcr the Constitution and laws ol the United States.
PAY OF MUSICIANS IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. BABBITT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaiis he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pay of musicians m the Aliny, so as to make it at least equal
to that of privates.
PURCHASE OF ARMS, ETC.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following resolution:
I Resohul, That the Sccretaiy of War be requested to fur-
! nMi to the House a statement showing the amount of ord-
| nance, muskets, rifles, and munitions of war puichascd by
the Covernnient in foreign countries and from private con-
tractors at homo, since the l.ith ot April last, with the prices
thereof, and from whom purchased.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to offer an amendment
to that resolution. It is confined to arms pur-
chased abroad. It ought to cover the whole
ground.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. My res-
olution says, " in foreign countries and from pri-
vate contractors at home."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out all after
the word " resolved," and insert the following:
That the Secretary of War 1)0 directed to furnish the
'• House with a statement of all purchases of and contracts for
' arms made by the Government since the 12tli day of April,
' with particulars ol such puiclne-cs and the pi ices paid
l'or arms ; also, the correspondence between himself and
the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, concerning arms pur-
chased by General Jolin C. Fremont. :
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN BAILROAD.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a bill to incor-
porate the Washington City and Georgetown Rail-
road Company; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia. ;
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, the
bill was ordered to be printed.
PAY OF OFFICERS.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the folio wing resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire Into the expediency of reporting a bill
authorizing payment to be made to officers from the date
of their appointment or enrollment in the service.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the People's
Pacific Railroad bill, which was referred to-day
to the select committee on the Pacific railroad, be
printed.
It was so ordered.
CONDITION OF TIIE ARMY AT PORT ROYAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on the conduct of
the war be requested to direct their attention, without delay,
to the condition of the army at Poi t Royal, South Carolina,
with respect to hospital accommodations, and report the
result of their inquiries as soon as practicable.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, also submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested to com-
mnmcate to this House a statement of the number of men
enlisted in each of the eleven regiments authorized to he
added to the regular Ariny by the act of Congress of July
29, 1861, and winch arc yet incomplete, together with the
names of the officers of such regiments, designating those
of them who were appointed from the regular Army.
GENERAL M'CLELLAN'S REPORT.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
which was referred under the law to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of Gen-
erai George B. McClellan upon tlie operations in the Crimea
be punted for the use of the members of the House.
CITY KAII.ROAD—AGAIN.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The bill which I intro-
duced a few moments since to incorporate the
Washington City and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I desire to have it referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs who, I under-
stand, have the subject in charge, and I therefore
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not know,
of course, what is the object of moving to refer
this particular bill to the Military Committee. It
is, I think, the fourth or fifth bill which has been
introduced relating to this same subject, and all
the other bills have been referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. I can say, as one
member of that committee, that I have no desire,
not the slightest in the world, that any of these
bills should take that reference; but I suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to the
House, that it is hardly worth while to refer some
of these bills to one committee and some of them to
another, and if the reference which has been made
is to bo reconsidered in this instance, the gentle-
man had better embrace in his motion a reconsid-
eration of the reference of all the other bills, so as
to allow them all to go to the Military Committee.
Unless that be done, then I think this motion
ought not to prevail.
Mr. OL1N. I desire to say a word or two in
reference to this subject. If anything is done in
relation to the recommendation of the Secretary
of War in reference to the construction of a mili-
tary road, undoubtedly it ought to bo done in con-
nection with this project of a railroad through the
city of Washington, and perhaps that is the only
reason why this bill should be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, they having that
