2154
THE COtfGliESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
and compliance therewith may be compelled un-
der such rales and orders as said commissioners
shall prescribe; and, for the purpose of compel-
ling the attendance of such witnesses, and taking
their testimony, said commissioners shall have all
the power of said district court.
The eighth section provides that the commis-
sioners shall adopt such rules and regulations for
carrying this act into execution as the President
of the United States shall approve, and publish the
same for eight weeks, successively, in the news-
papers in the several States and Territories in
which the laws of the United States are published.
The ninth section gives the commissioners power
to hold their sessions at such times and places, in
the United States, as they shall deem proper and
conducive to the public interest and convenience
of claimants. They may also, in their discretion,
make a personal examination of any farm, plant-
ation, building, or property in relation to which
any claim for losses or damages shall have been
presented. They shall also have power to ex-
amine on oath any claimant, and all other persons,
in relation to said claim, who have any knowledge
thereof; and shall cause the testimony so taken
to be reduced to writing and signed by the person
taking the same; and shall return said testimony,
with their proceedings in relation to said claims,
to the Secretary of War; and it shall be his duty
to lay the same before the Congress of the United
States at the commencement of every session
thereof, to the end that such provision may be
made for the relief of the claimants as shall be
deemed just and proper.
The tenth section directs that the commissioners
shall not take cognizance of any claim against the
United States for the loss, value, or services, of
any slave or person of color, nor for damages or
losses arising from his or her escape, capture, or
detention v nor shall any person who has engaged,
or shall at ariy time engage, in ihe present rebel-
lion against the Government of the "United States,
or been at any time hostile to such Government,
or given aid and comfort to those engaged m said
rebellion, derive any benefit und<T this act. And
it shall be the duty of said commissioners to in-
quire into and take testimony as to the loyalty of
every person who lias sustained loss or damage
to his or her property dui ing the present rebel lioii,
and as to the loyalty of those who may present
their claims under tins act; and also as to whethei
the said persons in any manner favored ot sup-
ported a secession ordinance in any State, or in
any manner supported orlavored rebellion against,
or resistance to, the laws of the United States.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Sneaker, the Committee
of Claims have had the sunject of this bill under
consideration from an early day in the session,
and they have given it the most careful and earnest
attention.
It was evident to all, m the early stages of the
rebellion, that the bordei States, so-caih-d, wen:
to be occupied as the chosen ground of the it-bels
m their wicked and terrific struggle to overthrow
the Government. I do not say that the citizens
of these States could not by a resolute and determ-
ined stand for the Union have avoided many of
the desolating consequences to them and to their
property which have followed. Passing by this
fact, the painful necessity was presented, that in
order to defend, sustain, and protect our noble
Government, and to punish its enemies, we must
march our forces to tins middle ground, occupy
it, and possess, use, and d*.s>ti oy, to some extent,
the ptoperty of innocent and loyal men.
1 need not speak of the ruin, desolation, and
suffering that has marked almost every cultivated
and occupied section of these States—this was the
fortune of war; but to the extent thatthe property
of loyal men, from whatever partof the country,
has been or may be made subservient to our suc-
cess by order of the proper military authorities,
the nation should adopt early measures to adjust
and settle upon the punciplcs of equity and justice.
M'-monul after memoiial, petitions huge and
small, and individual applications have been sent
to the Committee of Claims asking for relief, and
the question arose whether we should continue
the slow and unsatisfactory method of passing
upon each case, and submitting it to the consid-
eiation ot the House and the Senate upon testi-
mony furnished by the claimant, or whether we
should, while these cases were fresh, institute
such authority for examination as would leave no 1
doubt as to their correctness or their inadmissi-
bility, and at the same time afford a reasonable
hope to the suuerers to whom we would extend
relief that recognition and payment would not be
unnecessarily delayed.
Mr. Speaker, I know something of the delays
of payments, and the doubts of the legitimacy of
claims, in seeking the usual routine of adjustment
through the committees of Congress. People
have come here year after year, as the followers
of Mohammed wentup to Mecca, ^nd with results
too often about as unsubstantial. I really believe
that there is no civilized country in the world
where meritoriousclaimsagainst the Government
are subjected to more intolerable delays than in
our own, or in which claims of a mostexception-
able character have been more frequently allowed.
But, if in the past this method of acting upon
claims against the Government was tolerable, it
would truly be intolerable now, when the num-
ber growing out of the prosecution of this war for
the Union is so wonderfully increased, and their
urgency in many cases so painfully evident.
Therefore, the committee, with entire unanimity,
except in regard to one paragraph in the last sec-
tion, have agreed upon the bill now under con-
sideration, providing for a commission, under cer-
tain rules and regulations, and in conformity to
certain well defined principles, to take testimony
and report to the Secretary of War their conclu-
sion, and to be by hitn submitted to Congress.
This plan has much to commend it to the ap-
proval of the House and the country. It provides
a mode for relief at the earliest practicable time,
consistent with a thorough investigation and the
condition of the Treasury. It would have uni-
fornutyof action within fixed rules There would
be increased certainty of obtaining reliable testi-
mony and facts, and theie would be an almost
total avoidance of incongruity of action and of
fiauds.
Mr. Speaker, the Government may not be in a
condition to pay all just claims this session or
next, or even next year, but it should institute
such proceedings as will, while guarding itself
against imposition and fraud, enable it to pay as
soon as the means are at command for such pur-
pose. Everybody knows, who has had the ex-
perience of one term in Congress, that the action
of the Committee of Claims would be slow, un-
ceitain, and iriegulai, varying somewhat with
the changes in representation which are liable to
occur at the beginning of every Congress.
"It seems to have been admitted, from an ear! v
day, that the Congress was a tribunal unsuited
to the propei adjustment of private claims which
depend upon the application of legal principles."
This results from the natuie of its organization,
the number of Us members, and the magnitude of
the interests of national concern which continu-
ally engage its attention.
The care and ie&ponsibility in such cases usually
reMs with the committee, and the time commonly
devoted to the investigation of claims is therefore
of necessity extremely limited, and hardly, in any
important case, sufficient for an investigation of
the facts or the proper thought of the legal or
equitable principles which ought to govern the
final determination of all such questions. It is
equally notorious that the exercise of this juris-
diction by Congress tends to the piactice of cor-
ruption. The peisonal solicitation of claimants is
not unfrequeiitly made to take the place of facts
and sound arguments. Members are influenced by
personal appeals, cx parte statements, and various
considerations having but little reference to the
merits of a claim. Thus it is that claims without
merit are often allowed, while others of a merito-
rious character are suffered to slumber, or aie re-
jected. I have to complain, then, Mr. Speaker,
that the rights and convenience of worthy claim-
ants are disregarded too often by our present prac-
tice; and notunfiequeruly from the considerations
I have mentioned the utmost incongruity of ac-
tion arises, and the allowance of almost any claim
that can bo made up by human assurance or in-
genuity.
A very important feature of this hill is the mode
adopted for taking the evidence in support of a
claim. It will be seen thatthe claimant is requited
to publish for four successive weeks the nature
and extent of Ins claim, the property used, taken,
or destioyed, and the names of the witnesses in-
tended to he offeied in the case, thus advertising:
to the world, and inviting the closest scrutiny. It
is scarcely possible, with the checks and safe-
guards in this bill, for a fraudulent claim to go un-
detected. Is it not the best provision against fraud
and imposition in such cases that could be devised ?
Thanks to the Secretary of War for the sugges-
tion, and I thank him moreover for his approval
of every section and paragraph in this bill. The
committee have been careful not to overstep the
principles and rules laid down for the guidance of
Congress in the adjustment of claims during the
past history of the Government. They have
looked at the precedents in legislation, and have
had occasion to refer to the greatest intellects of
the periods in which the Revolution and the last
war with England occurred. The views of Ham-
ilton and Madison, and later, of Whittlesey and
Giddings, have given to the Committee of Claims
in earlier days an enviable fame, and from such
we have sought wisdom and guidance.
After the war of 1812, and during a time of
great suffering and distress, the Congress thought
proper in justice to claimants to make certain pro-
visions for them, and to establish certain rules and
principles in regard to theirallowance. Our troops
then, as now, had taken for their use, subsistence,
or comfort, horses, cattle, wagons, implements,
forage, and quarters; and some of these claims it
was thought ought to be allowed, and therefore
the law of April 9, 1816, and the principles then
affirmed are those upon which this bill is founded.
I send the law to the Clerk's desk, and ask that the
portion I have marked may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<£<When any pioperty has been impressed or taken by
public authority for the use or subsistence of the Army
clui ing the late war, and the same shall have been destroyed,
la-at, or consumed,the ovvnerof such property shall be paid
the value thereof, deducting therefrom the amount which
lias been paid, or may be claimed, for the use and risk of
the •same while in the seiviee aforesaid.'
Tins provision iclate^ to eveiy species? of pioperty taken
oi impressed lor the use and j-ubsisrence of the Anny. not
compi ohended in any of the preceding classed, and which
shall have been in any manner destroyed, lost, or consumed
by the Auny, including m its scope all kinds of piovisions,
forage, fuel, articles foi clotimiii, blankets, atnn, and am-
munition ; m fact, eveiything for the use and equipment of
an army.
k< In all these cases, the certificates ot the officers or agents
of the United State- taking or impreHsingnny of the afoie-
«,iid aineb,?, authenticated by the ofiicer command in? the
eoips for who>e u?e they weie taken or imp:e>-ed,and, fur-
thetmoie, or the officers and agents under wiio-e command
the p.i.nc wci e deployed, lost, or consumed, specifying the
value ot the article^ &o taken or nnpiessed, and de-trojed,
lost, or con-umed, and, it any payment has been made for
the use of the miiip, ami the amount of such payment,
[must be fuini->hed ;] and if no p iyiuent lias been made,
the certificate must state that none has been made.
15efoie anv other evidence will be lcceivcd, the claim-
ant mu't make oath that it i< not m his powei to piocure
that which is above specified ; and, fuither. that the evi-
dence which he offers «n lieu thereof is the bestwhicii he
is able to obtain.
*' l*nd"i thi> piove-aon. no claim can be admitted for any
ait tele which has not been taken by the orders of the com-
mandant ot the corps rot whose u-e it may be stated to
have been taken. For any taking not so authorized, the
pirtvS lediesN is against the peisoti committing it."
Mr. FENTON. Then, as now, the depreda-
tions of the enemy were so extensive that indem-
nity to cuiz-ms was a matter of absolute impossi-
bility; but Congress passed the law prescribing
the principles upon which the Government would
hold itself bound to its citizens. That ts all; and
it may be summed up in general terms, that when
the losses occurred in consequence of the act of
the Government in taking possession of private
propyl ty, the Government is responsible for mak-
ing compensation; but in cases where claims have
been made for the immense losses by reason of the
enemy passing through a section of country, the
Government has with uniform action disclaimed
any obligations to its citizens. So, also, has the
Government distinctly denied any liability on ac-
count of depredations made by lawless individuals
upon its citizens, whether such lawless individuals
were citizens or enemies. The law I have referred
to, and the principles evolved from it and cotcm-
poraneous legislation, were intended to cover all
the claims against the Government for which it
was willing to be bound, and for which it would
hold itself responsible.
I am as much opposed as any gentleman can be,
to paying for losses or damages to those who have
aided or abetted this monstrous crime against lib-
erty and free government, but knowing its source,
and the stimulating impulse, we should be care-
ful not to confound those whose independence of
action has been temporarily borne down by the
