in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
subject very properly in their charge. They have
no particular desire in reference to this measure;
but if anything is done in regard to the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War, undoubtedly
this bili ought to be considered in connection with
that subject.
Mr. MOORHEAD, I have tfo choice at all
between the committees. I made the motion to
reconsider because I understood that bills of this
kind had all been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. It appears from what the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Columbia
says, that I was mistaken in that; but as the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of War in refer-
ence to this matter has been referred to the Mili-
tary Committee, I still ask that the bill which I
have had the honor of introducing be referred to
that committee.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Neither my col-
league [Mr. Ojlin] nor the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moorhead] seems at all, in the
suggestions they make, inclined to help the House
or the committee out of the difficulty in which both
will be put if this motion to refer shall prevail.
Of course, this subject, if considered by cither
committee, is to be considered in connection with
the recommendation of the Secretary of War. Of
course, the only reason under heaven why we
want a railroad now any more than in past years
grows out of the present condition of affairs
relating to this war. That, therefore, is to be
assumed whatever this reference may be; but I
should like to know from the Chair or some mem-
ber of the House, if this motion is to be pressed,
what is to be the duty of cither one of these com-
mittees? Bills have been prepared here—those
introduced heretofore—by persons of intelligence
on this subject; persons possessing information
on the subject, which bills are intended to em-
body and present feasible and attractive modes of
finishing this railroad. That is the object, and the
only object. There arc in the hands of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia already bills
on this subject. But here comes u bill having in
view the same object precisely, and it is pi oposed
that the Committee on Military Affairs shall take
charge of it. If that is to be the disposition, if
two or three committees are to act upon the same
subject, I do not well sec how there is to be any
concert of action in reference to it, or how the
House is to have the matter intelligently before
it, 01 to act satisfactorily upon it.
Now, sir, I say let us refer all these bills to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, or else let them
all go to the District Committee, so that there may
be some concert of action. As I said before, I
have not the slightest care, for one, to which it
goes; but 1 hope the House will not commit what
seems to me the blunder of inconsistency by re-
ferring one bill to one committee, and another
having precisely the same object in view to an-
other committee.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no solicitude about
this matter, but I think the gentleman from New
York is mistaken in saying that the usual refer-
ence of this subject has been to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I believe nearly all the propo-
sitions for military roads have been referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. We have
already taken into consideration the subject of
constructing military roads in other cases, and I
know of no reason why this proposition should
take a different direction. Unless, therefore, some
reason should be urged why this subject should
be referred either to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or the Committee on Military
Affairs, other than I have yet heard, I shall in-
sist upon its reference to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. I move that reference as an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia. Until that motion is
decided no motion for reference is in order.
Mr. COLFAX. For the last three years, and
I do not know but longer, the subject of a street
railroad from the navy-yard through the city of
Washington to Georgetown has been before Con-
gress, and through the competition of different
parties, each desiring to obtain the monopoly of
the road, the project has been defeated. 1 desire
now to say that I expect to vote for the first bill
properly guarded that is presented to the House
for this purpose, irrespective of the parties who
are to build the road, otherwise I am afraid we
shall continue to ride in the same old omnibuses
which any one can easily outwalk. 1 am, there-
fore, for sen ding this proposition before some com-
mittee which will speedily bring in a bill for con-
structing this road. The city needs one. It can
well support one; and if we could have gotten rid
of private interests, we should long since have had
one built. I am not sure, therefore, but to send
the subject to various different committees may
tend to expedite matters. I repeat that I intend
to vote for the first properly guarded bill for this
purpose that comes before the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. There seems to be a great
misunderstanding in reference to the proper ref-
erence of the bills for the building of this railroad.
In the very first instance, we had a bill, or reso-
lution, offered, for the construction of such a rail-
road, which was referred to the Committee on ;
Military Affairs. Afterwards, a proposition was j
introduced and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to construct a military road from
this point to New York, via the Fennsylvania
central railroad, the object being to obtain a di-
rect connection with New York without the ne-
cessity of going through Baltimore. We have
already had two or three sessions in reference to
these projects for military railroads. I was not
aware, until the remark of the gentleman from
Kentucky, thatany of these railroad bills had been
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
I think myself that some one committee ought to
take charge of these various bills, and it seems to
me the Committee on Military Affairs is the one
most appropriate, and especially now when they
have had the geneial subject under consideration
for some ten davs.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table*
The motion was agreed to.
THE MONEY ORDER SYSTEM.
Mr. BLAKE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
J'Osf Roads ho instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing by Jaw the money oider system, or some other
system wheiefoy money may be transmitted thiough the
mails with safety, and icpmt by bill ot oihenvit.e.
IRISH IMMIGRATION.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which were read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is represented that in consequence of the
failure ofth 1 pioent year's crops the people of Ireland ate
in imminent clanger of (amine; and the American people
have accepted it as .1 pait of their national duty to extend
active sympathy to the suffering everywhere; and especially
to the people of' Ireland are ue indebted for a large immi-
grant population, valuable alike for their industry in peace
and thoir valor in war; and it is both more humane and :
politic to relieve their famishing count)} men by bringing I
them to our plentiful shores than to cany food to them 111
their own eoimtiy: Thciefore,
J£esoZm7,That tin- Committee on Commerce be in&tiueted
to iiiqune into th« expediency of providing by further legis-
lation increased matihme facilities to such of the people
ot Ireland as may, dming the approaching season, desire to
emigrate to this cour.tiy.
■BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WIIITE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion 011 its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquue into the expediency of extending the
benefit of the $100 bounty allowed to three jeais' volun
teer 5 disabled m service and to the widows and Heirs of those
who have died in seiviee, to a similar class of volunteer*
and their widows and heirs who may have enlisted for
tbieo months or longer terms, since the 13th day of April
last.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
PAY OF FIELD OFFICERS.
\\ Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
li tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
ji Rewired, That the Committee on Military Affairs be 111-
,, strueted to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill i
j! providing that when a volunteer regiment has been^ai.sed I
1! to the minimum standaid the colonel and other field ofliceis !
shall then receive payment from the tune of their appoint- !
mcnt 1
WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, Tliat tlie Committee for the Dibtrict of Colum-
bia inquire into tlie expediency of authorizing the Secre-
tai) of tlie Interior to contract for building a street railroad
from tlio navy yard to Geoieetovro, with suitable brandies,
without expense to tlie Government, under such restric-
tions as to iarc as the committee may deem expedient.
LAND MAP BOOM.
Mr. WASHBURNE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of providing a room
m tile Capltpl, for the pui pose of arranging the maps of the
public lands prepaied for the use of tlie House and tlie
Committee on Public Lands, and to repoit by resolution or
otlieiwise.
INCREASED REVENUE.
Mr. COX (the State of Ohio having been passed
ill the call) asked consent to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tiea&ury be infracted
to communicate to this House what, if nny, changes can
be made in the present tariff with a view solely to met ease
the revenue; and that In such communication he specify
in detail the maviinum revenue which may, in hisopmion,
be received by the change in the tariff on each article of
nnpoit on which duties are now levied.
Mr. STEVEiNS. I objcct.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, (two thirds not having voted in
favor thereof.)
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet 011 the 2d day of Januaiy at
twelve o'clock, meridian.
THE MEDICAL STAFF.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, introduced a bill for
the better organization of the medical staff of the
Army; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ORDER TO PRINT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Some ten days ago
I submitted a bill relative to the collection of the
direct tax; which was referred to the Committee
j on the Judiciary. I ask that it may be piinted.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAVENS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
PAY OP DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire if any further legislation is necessary to
fcccuie to the officers dischaiged under the tenth section of
the act of 22d July, 1861, entitled " An act authorizing the
employment of volunteer to aid in the enforcement ot the
laws and for protecting public propeity," an allowance of
pay, ration?, or their equivalent 111 money, for such teim or
time as shall be sufficient for them to travel from the places
of their discharge to their place of lesidence; and inquire
into the expediency of such legislation.
Mr. HOLIVIAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "officers" the words "non-
commissioned officers and privates."
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs on
resolutions which have been laid over for consid-
i oration.
| The Clerk read the following resolution, sub-
1 mitted on Friday last by the gentleman from In-
| diana, [Mr. Shanks:]
I Resolved. That the constitutional power to return fugi-
jj tive slaves to their masteis icsts solely with the civil de-
:i paitiiu'uH of the Government; and that the ordei of the
Secretary of War, under date of December 6.1801, to Gen-
eial Wool, foi the deliveiy of a s-lave to Mr. Jessup. of
Maiyland, as well as ail other mihtaiy orders for the return
ot .4avcs, ate assumptions of tlie imlitaiy power over the
civil law and the lights of the slave.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that that resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
JXTSLOYAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
The Clerk next read the following resolution,
offered on Friday last by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Fouke,] and which was laid over,
debate arising:
Resolved, That all persons implicated by the committee
on the disloyalty of Government cinploj-es, in the charge
