1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
ize the purchase of Coin, and for other purposes,
' returned from th§ Senate, with amendments, was
• taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill of the House
(No. 312) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
it is my purpose, after a few observations upon
the general character of the bill before us, to con-
fine what I have to say to an explanation of its
most important details, to give some reasons there-
for, and conclude with an estimate of the amount
of revenue it may be expected to produce. The
extent of the bill, and the large number of objects
included, leads me to hope the committee will in-
dulge me for a few minutes beyond the allotted
hour, if it should be necessary to complete the
course T have marked out—otherwise I shall omit
some things which I might prefer to place before
the committee.
Itsis proper to say at the start that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will propose a few
changes in the bill at the proper time,and among
others to strike out the duty on flour, to reduce
the duty on oxide of zinc and barytes; also, to
change the provisions on petroleum and coal oil,
and to transfer, perhaps, some articles from the
specific to an ad valorem rate.
There have been issued in bonds and Treasury
notes, authorized at the extra session of Congress,
$25(1,000,000. At the present session we have,
under all forms, authorized the issue of United
States securities to the amount of $610,000,000.
This, with our previous public debt, would make
about $950,000,000. The appropriations for 1862
have been 1514,984,007 31; and the bills already
passed and reported show that if the war contin-
ues through 1863, our indebtedness will not he
less, after deducting what receipts of the Treas-
ury there may be. than nine or ten hundred mil-
lions of dollars. To pay the interest on this sum
will require from sixty to seventy millions. Our
ordinary expenses would not, under any circum-
stances, be less than §60,000,000per annum;and
our military establishment after the close of the
rebellion, will be likely to require $25,000,000 be-
yond that sum for some years. We must pay
all our ordinary expenses, the interest on all the
public debt, and, over and above this, have a re-
spectable sinking fund to retire some portion of
the public debt annually, and this overplus must
be sufficient to guard against all contingencies.
It will be my purpose to show that the financial
measures in contemplation guaranty even more
than the amount of these large demands upon the
Treasury.
Many years since one of the European Govern-
ments offered a reward to any person who should
discover a now object of taxation, and it was be-
stowed, I believe, upon the discovery of the stamp
tax upon paper. That is not by any means our
condition. There is but little more than one source,
that of imposts, which we have relied upon to
any extent for revenue, and that source has not
been pushed to its utmost capacity. Driven, how-
ever now, like Milton's Adam, from our untaxed
garden, to rely upon thesweat of the brow for sup-
port, like Adam, we have " ail the world before
us where to choose.5J In doing this we have to
be just. If it would not do to quarter the im-
mense army of the Potomac on the District of
Columbia alone, no more would it do to press any
single interest with the entire burden that now
weighs down upon the Treasury. The weight
must be distributed equally—not upon each man
an equal amount, but a tax proportionate to Ins
ability to pay—equally, yet not one that will be
in the exact latio of population, but in a just pro-
portion to the means and facility of payment
What could be easily sustained mono quarter of
the country might sink another in hopeless dis-
honor and repudiation. A heavy duty upon some
articles would banish them from use, while upon
others it would merely stimulate greater activity
and industry to obtain them. A tax dependent
upon the habits or vices of men is the most reli-
able of all taxes, as it takes centuries to change or
eradicate one or the other. No matter what ob-
stacles may be placed in the way of the introduc-
tion of opium, the Chinese will brave death itself
rather than suffer the deprivation of their favorite
stimulant. England taxes spirits enormously,
but has her drunkards still. They raise, too,
^28,000,000 (or about one dollar for each inhab-
itant) of revenue from duties on tobacco, which
proves that some of the Gtueen's subjects are not
entirely immaculate as to those filthy expect-
orations which so disgust English travelers in
America.
In the preparation of the present bill it has been
found proper to look at the condition of the several
States, as well as the United States. Each of these
have been compelled to assume, or have volun-
tarily assumed, heavy burdens, moved thereto by
the profoundest attachment to the General Gov-
ernment, and will all have largely to increase their
tax rolls in order to meet State engagements. It
is a question of vital importance to them that the
General Government should not absorb all their
taxable resources—that the accustomed objects of
State taxation should, in some degree at least, go
untouched. The orbit of the United States and
the States must be different and not conflicting.
Otherwise, we might perplex and jostle, if we did
not actually crush, some of the most loyal States
of the Union. It has not been possible, so mul-
tifarious are the systems of State taxation, and so
large our wants, to wholly succeed m carrying
out this idea; but it has been attempted in two
modes; the first, by the avoidance of any tax or
duty on live stock, and by declining to increase
the direct tax on real estate—a very moderate one
—levied at the last session of Congress; and the
second, by a selection of new objects of taxation,
and such others as for many reasons can sustain
even the double taxation to which they may be
for the time subjected.
Some gentlemen, and even some States, have
manifested a solicitude that any taxes incident to
the present rebellion should be levied in such a
way as to allow the several States to assume,
assess, and collect them, or, if not to include the
assessment, at least to assume and collect after an
assessment by the United States. If this were
practicable, it might be very desirable. In the i
direct tax of August last this feature was intro-
duced, and there has appeared as yet no serious
national difficulties in the practice. In fact, all,
or neatly all, of the States have assumed and will
pay the tax. If there be any exceptions, both the
States and amounts are too small to be worthy of
notice. If State officers could be employed, and
the increase of Federal patronage avoided by not
creating a new corps of office-holders, a great point
would be gained.
According to the Constitution, direct taxes must
be apportioned, and all other taxes must be uni-
form. it would appear almost superfluous to say
that nothing but direct tax can be assumed by a
State, and yet the contrary opinion has been so
prevalent that it seems proper to notice it. We
provide in the present bill that the duties, if not
paid at the proper time, shall be hereafter collected
in the now rebellious States. Authoiize the States
to assume and collcct, and then suppose South
Carolina to set about it. How much revenue so
farmed should we be likely to obtain? It would
be for the interest of all State officials to collude
and pay as little as possible. It is not too much
to suppose some would improve the opportunity.
This idea is wholly impracticabieas may be seen
by any one who looks at the scope of the bill, with
its lingers spread out in all directions, ready to
clutch something to buoy up the sinking credit of
a nation which has hitherto generally sheltered its
capital and Us labor from all tax gatherers, ex-
cept thiough the indirect process of the custom-
house. It is not enough to know that a debtor
has means; he must exhibit the will to pay, other-
wise theio must be some law to coeice the will. In
this cmejgi-ncy, we cannot a fiord to return to the
pusillanimity ofl lie old Confederation, and request
the States to make their eontributions, and shivei
in the wind if any should fail to do so, or declare
war upon them for delinquency. The Government
of the United States—the most parental and benign
of all earthly governments—in its hour of need has
the right to demand whatever may be the measure
of its necessities to sustain the public credit—our
honor and existence as one people. That the Gov-
ernment is the property of the people is not more
true than that the property of the people for public
use belongs to the Government. If the power of
taxation gives the right to take three per cent., it
gives to the extent of ninety-nine per cent, just as
much; but it would be an abuse of power justify-
ing a revolution if it exacted anything beyond its
reasonable and urgent necessities.
This bill is not a little budget that a town or
county tax collector might take under his arm, as
a little extra business that would not retard his
progress in the ordinary discharge of his duties,
but quite the reverse; and the United States col-
lectors might, perhaps, with rather more pro-
priety, accept local tax bills for collection as not
a large additional burden. The rebellion must be
so ended as that the principal performers can never
reappear in a secession tragedy—never reappear
at all; but unfortunately internal duties and taxes
must reappear. Our brave men of to-day must
shed their blood with no other reward than to set
their names as jewels in the history of the times—
and they ask no more—but a generation must be
annually taxed for this parricidal attempt to de-
stroy the Government of our fathers. Taxation
for many years, I fear, must be the rule, and have
a place in our statutes as a part of our ordinary
legislation. It is indispensable that the Govern-
ment shall have within its own control—respons-
ive to it at regulai and stated periods—the means
of meeting all its vast engagements. This can
only be secured by its own agents under its own
laws. Even where the States are allowed, as
they are in the direct tax, fifteen per cent, for as-
suming and collecting a tax, when all assume it,
there is no advantage gained. The effect is to re-
quire the tax to be put fifteen percent, higher than
would otherwise be called for; and the General
Government can collect the amount at a much less
expense.
That the bill is perfect the committee are far
from supposing. To us at best it is but an ex-
periment, and the wisdom of Congress, now and
hereafter, will judsce how much ofitshould be per-
manently retained and what part must be dropped
out. It is no personal or party measure, but one
imperiously demanded—sharp as may be the med-
icine—for the general welfare. The committee
which has reported it, as has already been stated,
gave it their united approval, with no dissenting
voice. No paity groans or croaks were there tol-
erated. Catholic and suggestive criticism, for the
purpose of real amendment, is to be invited—nay,
will be treated with hospitality; but that fault-
finding which lurks in ambush, ready to take ad-
vantage of anything which may turn up, with no
courage or virtue but to do pleasing things, ob-
jecting but offering no valid substitute, is so nearly
allied to cowardice in the field and to the cause of
our enemies, that I am persuaded an intelligent
people will never stop to make or mailt any dis-
tinctive difference.
The time in which and the materials from which
to prepare such a bill have been too stinted to war-
rant sanguine predictions as to the result. A dis-
position to be just to every interest, and to all
parts of the country, I think will not be ques-
tioned. The correspondence of the committee,
added to that of many members of the House
and Senate, kindly thrown into their hands, has
been very voluminous and of considerable value.
Gentlemen engaged or interested m very many
branches of industry—many of them of much in-
telligence, enterprise, and weight of character-
have been before the committee to give such facts
and information as were deemed important,touch-
ing nearly the whole range of objects concerning
winch we are called upon to legislate. I feel it
is due to those gentlemen to say that in few in-
stances have any of them asked to be exonerated
or exempted from theirproper share m sustaining
the Government. It is true that some were will-
ing, pei haps, to see pilgrims by their side bearing
ii}) a larger pack than they felt to be wise or pru-
dent for their own backs, but all were willing and
even anxious to contribute what appeared to them
to be just and leasonahle; and some were willing
to contribute much more, on the ground that, if
