3114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
That is, about twenty-five thousand bushels—
«Wc make up a tow of these boats and barges in the fol-
lowing way: we lash rhem end to end, from five to seven
boats abreast in front of the tow-boat, with two pairs along-
side of the boat—that is, one pair on each side, extending
back alongside of the boat from fifty to seventy-five feet,
and the tow-boats or steam-tugd measure in length from
one hundred and eighty feet to three hundred feet by from
thirty to fifty feet in width, including tow boats used on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers. The largest-sized boats have
heretofore been used from Louisville to New Oi leans, but
when the canal at Louisville is enlarged according to the
plan they are now improving it upon, these larger-sized tow-
boats will tow coal from Pittsburg to New Orleans. The
old canal could pass boats one hundred and eighty feetlong,
and curtailed the size of our tow- boats above the falls of the
Ohio, We commenced towing coal first to Cincinnati and
Louisville,but"for several ynais past we have been towing
from Louisville to New Orleans. We ran boats by hand
and towed them to Louisville to supply the tow-boats that
towed from Louisville to New Orleans. And this wasdono
on account of the canal being too small to pass the largeht-
sized tow-boats up, a difficulty that will be obviated by the
enlargement of the canal as mentioned."
That shows the size of the boats that are to go
through this opening of two hundred and seventy
feet.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, if anything were
wanting to show the absurdity of this claim to me,
it would be just such an affidavit as that. It does
not say that it will make any obstruction to the
steamboat navigation. It would only obstruct the
peculiar manner in modern days of carrying coal
down the river. They must have three of these
boats lashed together side by side. I suppose there
is no other way to do the business. I ask the Sen-
ate is it reasonable, rational, and right, that, for
the purpose of lashing these boats together so as
fo block the whoio river, all the va.st interests of
Ohio and Western Virginia shall bo deprived of
the privilege of getting their coal to market? The
affidavit just read shows well enough that they
might lash their boats in a different manner, and
there would be no obstruction. I know, without
an affidavit, that they may lash coal boats enough
side by side so that they cannot sail the river, or
so that they cannot go betsveen any piers at all;
but they did not do that formerly; it is a practice
that has grown up very recently. That furnishes
no argument why the people of Ohio and Penn-
sylvania—I say Pennsylvania, bccause they are
as anxious for this as the people of Ohio—should
be deprived of any way whatever of getting out
to market with our producc, our coal, lumber,
and everything else; because this witness, for in-
stance, cannot attach his boats together in exactly
the same way if we build this bridge as though
we did not. That is the argument; not that it ob-
structs the navigation of your steamboats, not that
it interferes-with any thing except the peculiar man-
ner of lashing these boats together. If our bridge
is built, you cannot lash together more than two
hundred and seventy feet of them side by side,
and get through; but, sit, there is no imperious
necessity that compels you to do that. 1 should
think you might add a little to their length, and
make them somewhat narrower. I should say—
and I hope the Senate will say—that it would
bo most unreasonable to deprive us of all the in-
terests wo have in getting our produce to market
in order that these coal men on the upper Ohio
may construct their flat-boats in a particular man-
ner to get to market. U is all wrong, sir. The
fact is, the objection probably lies a little deeper
than th.it; for my word for it, when you f^ive us
these roads from the great coal fields in the State
of Ohio mid Western Virgin in, tin* lower Ohio will
be furnished with coal without having thn monop-
oly of that trade on the upper Ohio.*'I think that
idea has, perhaps, as much to do with these oh jee-
tiormasthe manner of lashing these boats together.
Now, sir, I ask the Senate to take up this ques-
tion as rational men,and to deal with us as we wish
to deal with the navigators of the river. We do not
propose any serious impediment to the navigation.
We are willing to go to the extreme to accommo-
date them; and when we go there, we are assured
by scientific men that it will be no obstruction to
steamboats, and nothing butafancicd one to coal
boats and to rafts, which constitute but a very
small intcicston that river, when compared with
the vast interests of the people of Ohio in getting
their produce, their coal, their lumber,and all their
commodities to market. The Senator seems to
forget that we have any interests or any rights
there. While \vc do not wish seriously to obstruct
their rights, wo ask that they shall yield a little
to accommodate us. I think itis reasonable, ra-
tional, and right that we should agree to this width
to which the parties in interest, as the gentleman
says, have agreed. I do not call them in interest.
They are those who were sent here by boards of
.trade, enlightened men, whose business it is to
have their eye on all these things; and when those
delegated to come down here have agreed; when
they sent their petitions here to facilitate the mak-
ing of this bridge, and when we go to the very
extreme and comply with what they say we must
do, it seems to me to be wrong that we should be
obstructed and prevented from making this great
public improvement.
Why, sir, the use of these navigable rivers has
ceased to be as important as it was before rail-
roads were constructed. It is not to be supposed
that you can impede the crossing of the Ohio river
m its course of six hundred miles between the east
and west the north and the south; that there shall
be an eternal gulf separating us, because coal boats
cannot get through lashed in the way in which
they have been in modern times, within three or
four years. It is sacrificing the greater to the lesser
interest. It is sacrificing the interest of my con-
stituents and of the people of Western Virginia,
and even of Pennsylvania, who ask that this
be done, to a mere fancied inteiest and nothing
more. This bridge will not seriously impede the
navigation of the river. We have all sailed the
river; and, as I begun to say before, we all know
that between the piers of this draw there is infi-
nitely moic width than you can get in the Ohio
river in an infinity of places in common, ordinary
low water navigation. You have to run crooking
about in channels not thirty feet frequently, with
piers of stone built up to give a greater depth of
water, and go through there. They are not half
as wide as this draw will be. They do not im-
pede navigation, but were put there to help it;
and yet we are told that with two hundred .and
seventy feet you cannot traverse it—the Senator
does not say with steamboats; nobody says their
navigation will be impeded; but the coal boats,
three or four of them lashed side by side cannot
go through there. I suppose, ifthey choose, they
can put so many of them together tiiat they could
not go through, even if it were four hundred feet.
I know that may be done; but I know it would be
unreasonable to say that they shall not alter the
construction of these boats and especially of their
rafts, to accommodate us. Because they have a
fancy that they must be built in a ccrtain way,
are the people to be deprived of the vast interests
of commerce and navigation from that portion of
Ohio, Pennsylvania,and Virginia ? It is all wrong;
and i hope the Senate will not judge this thing
upon such narrow and illiberal principles.
Mr. COWAN. I should not have said a word
further, except that my honorable friend is either
totally unacquainted with the subject, or (which
I cannot think he would do) has totally nusrep-
icsented it. Why, sir, of what possible use can
this railroad be to the coal fields of Western Vir-
ginia, or to the coal fields of Ohio? Of no more
use than if it led to the moon. The railroad runs
down the bank of the Ohio river, on the left hand
side, till it comes to the bridge. The greater
portion of that distance is in Pennsylvania, and
through Pennsylvania coal fields; and if it was of
any use to anybody for coal purposes, it would
be of use to Pennsylvania for those purposes.
But every man cognizant of the subject, who knows
anything about it,-knows that coal is that kind of
a commodity which, when it can be carried upon
a river, is never carried upon a railroad. That is
what occasions the great puce of bituminous coal
upon the Atlantic coast. It is because it lies west
of the crest of the Alleghanies, and has to be car-
ried over them upon uuiroads. The coalfields
along the Ohio river empty themselves out into
the liver, not upon railroads. Railroads are used
tor short distances sometimes at a time when the
river is very low, but at no other time. Then,
again, this railroad is to cross the Ohio river, and
go directly away from that river; it does not fol-
low it; it is not continuous with H, and could not
be of any possible use to anybody for coal.
Again, with regard to the danger of Pennsylva-
nia competing with the coal fields of Ohio, I have
only to say that that betokens as little knowledge
of the character of the coals as the former state-
ment that the bridge would be used to carry them
away. Pennsylvania coals competing with Ohio
coals! Why, sir, if Ohio coals were in Pennsyl-
vania, no vein of them would ever be opened. In
the face of our coals they are utterly and totally
useless. Nobody burns them, and nobody buys
them, they are of such inferior quality. That
coal which comes nearest to Pennsylvania coal,
in any market, is the coal from the pine land of
Western Virginia. ' Every man who knows any-
thing about coal, and has ever seen a couple of
boats lying alongside, will detect at once tne dif-
ference. The one is radiant with the hues of the
rainbow, black, bright, and shining; the other is
dull as lead; and there is a difference in the Cin-
cinnati market between Wheeling coal and Pitts-
burg coal at all times. Ohio coal, however, is still
inferior. It is very good for country purposes,
but of no kind of account in the market.
I wish to state again, too, that my friend does
not seem to be much of a navigator. He says one
of these flats would block up the Ohio river. The
Ohio river is from one thousand to fifteen hundred
yards in width in flood time; and it is only in flood
time that these boats can go at all. At the season
of the year he speaks of, when the channel is nar-
row and tortuous, and people are seeking for it,
and picking it out as they can, there is no craft
on the river drawing more than eighteen inches or
two feet of water. There is no such thing as
piers in the channel. There are wings thrown up
in the channel, and between the wings little piles
of stone, so as to throw this body of two feet of
water, perhaps, into a contracted space in order
to enable the boat to go through. Even there, the
channel is at least two hundred feet between these
wing walls everywhere. The smallest rise in the
river covers these wing wails, and there will be
months of the year when you never see them.
The advantage of this railroad to the people of
Pennsylvania, and particularly to the people of
eastern Pennsylvania, is perhaps great. The hon-
orable Senator himself stated it more distinctly
than anybody could state it, I think, except that
in that case it was exaggerated. He says it saves
three hours in time of travel east and west. By
going down the right bank of the Ohio river you
have to go, in order to get to Steubenville, perhaps
about eighty miles; by going down the left bank
of the Ohio river, if you go by the old road, I
think thiity-nine miles was the distance; but by
the railroad, I suppose itwill be about forty miles.
Forty miles of distance is saved in travel between
the East and the West. That is the whole advant-
age of the Steubenville railroad; and if you were
to ask anybody in western Pennsylvania whether
the outlay would ever be compensated by the ad-
vantages, they would all unanimously tell you that
it never could. As a question of economics, I have
no doubt in the world that hundreds of thousands
of dollars have already been thrown away upon
that Steubenville railroad from Pittsburg to Steu-
benville, which will never be realized to the coun-
try. There are ample facilities to-day, as every
gentleman traveling west knows, by which you
can get from Pittsburg to Steubenville, or to any
place in Ohio, if you desire to go by railroad,
without resorting to this route. The only possi-
ble advantage that it could be to the country would
be that it would carry passengers east and west
by a route forty miles shorter than they now travel.
It will be an advantage to a man shipping light
goods, light freight, to have them by a route which
is foity miles shorter. There is the whole of it,
and all that there can be. These are the facts.
Here is this Ohio river running from Pittsburg to
Steubenville, and it has two banks. Along the
right hand bank a road is now made alreadyjand
m actual running order, and has been for some
years. On the other bank, there is a road located
and a very considerable amount of money ex-
pended on it, until the company is bankrupt,and
until it has almost bankrupted the city of Pitts-
burg and the county of Alleghany. The fact is,
she was almost obliged to repudiate in order to
save her very existence from the fate which, by
these bonds, was impending over her.
Nobody objects to the construction of this road.
Everybody would like to see it. done. We are as
desirous to save forty miles distance between east
and west as anybody else, and are as anxious to
have it; but we are not desirous to have it at the
expense of thatgreat highway made by God him-
self, which belongs to all tiie people, and which is
not the property of any corporation. We do not
desire that that shall be sactificed; that that river,
one of the great arteries of the commerce of the
