1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il9£
the duty should be a light one, they could make
no advance on the consumer, whereas, if it should
be heavy, they would at once be furnished with
an argument to put up prices upon stocks on hand
as well as on all amounts hereafter produced.
There is, perhaps, an eagerness in some quar-
ters for high and extravagant duties upon some
particular article which might be cited as conspic-
uous evidence of patriotism, if it could be cer-
tainly known that the parties had not already
provided an ark for a wet day, and housed their
stock beyond the reach, as they suppose, of any
duty or tax.
Seeking to avoid all extremes, the committee
have thought best to propose duties upon a large
number of objects, rather than confine them to a
narrow field, and thereby be forced to make them
excessive in amount, and for that reason entirely
unreliable. If the rates can be hereafter increased
in any instance to the benefit of the ievenue,and
without inflicting any injury upon any quarter of
the country, it will soon be ascertained. Mean-
time is it not wisest to set out on a moderate scale
—one that will neither shock the sense nor the
pockets of the people—rather than attempt to
make any one product the victim from which to
torture magnificent bounties?
It is to be expected there will be a diversity
of opinion concerning many features of the biil,
arising sometimes from location, from an earnest
appeal of some favorite constituent or an equally
earnest protest from another, from positive defects
in the bill, and possibly sometimes from the fact
that persons may not be possessed of full inform-
ation upon the different subjects. No two mem-
bers of this House would frame a bill exactly
alike, and yet no bill deserves to pass unless it
accords with the genera] sense of this House. If
it will produce too much or too little revenue, if
it includes objects that should be left free, or omits
those which should justly be held to contribute,
these are legitimate objects of amendment, as much
so as matters of form or detail; but an ample and
effective bill—being all for which I personally f>'«'l
the slightest solicitude—-is demanded at our hands
by all the motives which can move a lover of his
country; and if it were possible for this Congress
todeseitits responsibilities, and adjourn without
passing some equivalent measure, it would de-
serve to be pickled in history as representative
imbeciles. Observers living under other foims of
government, proclaim that our weak point is in-
capacity for taxation, and our securities, there-
fore, have no solidity abroad. Representative
democracy is now on trial. Let us see to a that
the Republic suffers no shame ;it our hands.
In starting out with a bill like the present, so
important to the vitality of ihe Treasury, which
is to touch so many and such various interests,
the machinery by whieh it is to be put into opera-
tion , with the least friction and at the least expense,
becomes a question of some magnitude. We have,
therefore, looked to such examples as wc found
upon our statutes, and have endeavored to arrange
a system by which all descriptions of duties could
be assessed and collected through the same offi-
cers.
For this purpose we propose a commissioner
of internal revenue, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who is to have the general
charge and superintendence of all matters in rela-
tion to internal revenue. The salary named, $5,000,
is not considered too much to indicate the stand-
ard of capacity and integrity required for a posi-
tion of such labor and responsibility. Beyond
this, it is proposed to have one collector and one
assessor appointed for each State or district—in
the larger States possibly more—and as many
deputy collectors and assistant assessors as may
be usefully employed. The number of the latter
must necessarily be large, but they will naturally
be taken from among those exercising: similar
functions under State authority, and, if so taken,
the number of officers, State and national, need
not be much increased.
Persons liable to be assessed will be required
to furnish lists according to forms prescribed. If
this should be done promptly and truly, the labors
of the assistant assessois will be hylit, hut it there
should be neglect or fraudulent evasion, the assess- ;
ors <ut; vested with a proper latitude of power to
protect tho Government. Those assessed arc, ol
coutse, required to pay, and if they do pay, the
duties of the collectors and deputy collectors will
not be buidensome. If they should omit that most
interesting point of the law, the power to levy and
distrain is made swift and ample, and in case of
actual fraud the forfeitures furnish the proper cor-
rect ion. Should any wrong or injustice occur, an
opportunity is afforded for ultimate appeal and
remedy.
The duties proposed by the'present bill rest
heavily on spirits and malt liquors—being about
one hundred percent, on raw whisky, fifty per
cent, on rum, and twenty-five per cent, on ale or
beer—but far below the pointatwhichevensome
piominent distillers thought they might be safely
carried, and yet largely above the point indicated
by the majority of those engaged in the business.
The men who now arc supposed to have large
stocks on hand, and those who would destroy the
traffic, regardless of revenue, for once agree in the
propiiety ot an exorbitant tax. Large quantities
of alcohol are used in the arts and manufactures,
and will pay a duty in proportion to its strength.
For any such purpose the duty proposed on the
raw article is as high as it will bear. Little whisky
is sold to be used $s a beverage until it has passed
through some process of rectification, is redis-
tilled, or is filtered through charcoal. All spir-
ituous liquors, it will be seen, which are subjected
to this sort of hocus-pocus, or the jargon of jum-
per, strychnine, and other sugar-coated pills, are
again assessed to the extent of twenty-five cents
per gallon, making in all forty cents per gallon on
alarge share of spirituous beverages. Surely this
is enough, very possibly too much. In England the
duty on spit its is ten shillings and fivepence ster-
ling, or about $9 52 per gallon. It is manifest {hat
at present no such duty could be collected of the
people of the United States. Much the largest
quantity of spirits produced in this country is from
corn, and many persons engaged m the business
apprehend that we shall cut them up by the roots
with a duty so high as even fifteen cents per gal-
lon, and that great injuiy will result to farming
mteiests theieby. The committee were satisfied
the^e tears are not well founded. So long as con-
sumption keeps equal pace with production—as
m tho case of all manufactures—the consumer
must pny the increased cost price. The consump-
tion will notbc sonously checked; and,if it could
be, such a result would bring upon us no national
disgrace. Whiskyand rum, with the duty added,
will still leave it possible for any mail or biutc to
get drunk in our land on cheaper terms than in
any other that J know of. Persons who like good
liquors are patriotic on the subject of taxation, and
never quarrel about the price of the article; and
those who swallow that which is said to be " sure
to kill at forty rods," will have if at any hazard
of life or puise. There are large quantities of the
article exported; and by the bill we <rive a draw-
hack to the full amount of the internal duty, a
favor, certainly, as the Government gets nothing
for collecting and returning the duties, such as it
receives on foreign goods when leexported. Ale
and beer, as bevciagcs, may be regarded as less
unhealthful than spirits. It is therefore desirable
to preserve the relative difference in the value of
the quantities usually disposed of at retail, so as
not to give any new advantages to competing
liquors. On the whole it is to be hoped that no
important changes will be made, m one direction
or the other, as to the rates respecting spirits or
malt liquors.
The amount which will accrue on licenses un-
der the present bill, embracing merchants, traders,
bankeis, brokers, auctioneers, distillers, brewers,
peddlers, manufacturers, theaters, hotels and tav-
erns, and other classes, will he very considerable,
and is estimated at §3,000,000. The firstlicense
in England was in 1784, on brick-makers. Li-
censes, though heretofore not generally adopted
in this country, may be regarded, as they are in
England,among the least objectionable modes of
taxation; the strongest objection being the novelty
imposed upon any lawful occupation of obtaining
a license from national authority for its exercise; J
but this objection nearly vanishes when it is con- )
sidcrcd that a license is not so much a permit for j
carrying on the business as a recognition of the |j
trade and a designation of the premises m which j;
the business isto be conducted. It is also n shield |i
against unauthorized and irregular competition, ij
and, there being no interference with the pnvato !|
details of business, the duty will be paid with very ||
little dissatisfaction. '
The duty proposed on unmanufactured tobacco
is three cents per pound, and on manufactured
tobacco and snuff an additional duty of five cents
per pound. On cigars the rates are in proportion
to value. The whole crop of tobacco in the Uni-
ted States in 1860, was about 400,000,000 pounds.
Of this fourteen of the loyal States produced
190,366,620and Virginia 133,967,757 pounds. The
entire crop of 1859 was estimated at 337,200,000
pounds, and of this 79,200,000 was consumed at
home, and about 258,000,000pounds was exported.
In England the consumption per capita of tobacco,
by males over eighteen years old, is reckoned at
four and ten hundredths pounds, and in France
at five and a half pounds. In the United States
it has been estimated at seven and sixty hun-
dredths pounds, but it is more likely to be, for
males over twenty years old, as much as it is in
Belgium, where it is nine pounds. A fair chewer,
it is said, consumes a pound a month, or twelve
pounds a year, and a moderate smoker of cigars
burns np about twenty pounds per annum.
Without uiging the duty on tobacco as a meas-
ure of reform, it is to be observed that its culture
is no less detrimental to the soil than its use is
destructive to physical health, but the habits of
the world are fixed, and its continued cultivation
and use will not be revolutionized. Being an ar-
ticle sold and distributed in the smallest quan-
tities, high duties may be easily borne and col-
lected. Some nations prohibit its cultivation in
order to secure all the duties and shield their soil
fiom exhaustion, and thus levy a duty of fre-
quently several hundred per cent, upon its impor-
tation without producing complaint. The custom-
house duty on unmanufactured tobacco in England
is three shillings sterling, or seventy-three cents
per pound; on manufactuied or cigars it is nine
shillings, oi $2 18 cents per pound; on snuff it is
six shillings, or $1 45 per pound. To these rates
five per cent, is added, and stalks and other waste
is prohibited. When men are allowed to consume
any article or not, as they please, the duty upon
it is a very different question from the one where
you put a tax directly on property in the hands
of the holder.
On unmanufactured tobacco we do not propose
to allow any drawback on exports. If our soil
is to be impoverished by its culture, there is no
impiopriety in claiming that the Treasury shall
not be, especially when the denial of this privilege
will not be likely to affect the producer at all. But
on manufactured tobacco, and everything else
exported, upon which duties have been paid, it is
proposed to allow a drawback to the extent of the
duty. This is necessary on tobacco especially,
as the unmanufactured, under the reciprocity
treaty, is admitted into Canada free, and, if no
drawback was allowed on the manufactured arti-
cle, all of our tobacco manufactories would at once
be transferred to Canada.
Everything used for illuminating purposes de-
servos to be considered with some reference to
their power of competition. To be entirely im-
partial toward all parties, we have proposed a duty
on candles, lard oil, gas, and petroleum. Gas,
when properly made, from its brilliance, absence
of odor, cheapness, and convenience, will always
remain the paragon of lights; and those who turn
on and off its splendors at will, can generally afford
to pay, and do pay, very remunerative prices for
its use. Here is an instance where either party
is presumed to be able to meet the duty without
hardship.
Petroleum or rock oil was early known to the
Indian tribes, and used with paint to besmear their
persons. In 18iy its true uses were first discov-
ered in Ohio, but not until 1858 did it rise above
the dignity of a quack medicine. Since then it
has rapidly gained consideration as an article of
commerce and for illuminating purposes. Since
Congress assembled, wells have been opened in
Canada rivaling our own. It appears to have been
not unknown two thousand years ago, and known
at least for the last two hundred years in Italy.
Brought, from the shores of the Caspian, large
quantities for years have been consumed in Persia
and m India. The distillation of coai oil devel-
oped the process by which petroleum has assumed
its present importance. The spouting wells dis-
eoveied in Pennsylvania and Ohio mark an eram
the history of the article, and perhaps in domes-
tic economy. The product of 1860 was twenty
millions, in 1861 estimated at forty millions, and m
