2X56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
of the sliip Nightingale; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 136, to expedite the
collection of the revenue and the final disposition
of suits arising therefrom; which was postponed
for two weeks, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour having expired, the business before the
House was the consideration, as a special order, of
bills relating to the District of Columbia.
MEDICAL STOREKEEPERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, to give way for a
moment to allow me to report back, and have put
on its passage, a bill forthe appointment of med-
ical storekeepers and chaplains of hospitals.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot consent, forthe reason
that this is the only day set apart for the transac-
tion of the business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will move the pre-
vious question on it.
Mr. DELANO. Without debate?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELANO. Weil, sir, with the understand-
ing: that I will not again yield, I will give way to
the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIII, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, then reported back Senate bill (No. 304) to
authorize theappointment of medical storekeepers
and chaplains of hospitals.
The bill was read. It provides that the Secre-
tary of War be authorized to add to the medical
department of the Army medical storekeepers,
not execedingsix in number, who shall have the
pay and emoluments of military storekeepers in
the quartermaster's department, who shall be
skilled apothecaries or druggists, who shall give
the bond and security required by existing laws
for military storekeepers in the quai teimaster's
department, and who shall be stationed at such
points as the necessities of the Army may require;
provided that the piovisions of this act shall re-
main in force only during the continuance of the
present rebellion.
The bill also legalizes the appointments here-
tofore made by the President for military hospi-
tals, and authorizes him to appoint as many ad-
ditional chaplains for hospitals as he may deem
advisable, at the same rate of compensation al-
lowed by law to chaplains of the volunteer forces.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This bill author-
izing the appointment of medical storekeepers is
one that is demanded by the exigencies of the ser-
vice. The medicine necess.uy for the wounded
and sick soldiers cannot be distributed propeily
and at the proper time under the present organi-
zation.
As to the second section of the bill, it makes
precisely the same provision in reference to chap-
lains for military hospitals that the House has
ah eady passed. I now move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The piuvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a thud reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAflt, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill wai passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DELANO reported back House bill (No.
470) to authorize the Secietary of the interior, m
conjunction with the Mayors of Washington and
Georgetown, to locate and contract for the con-
struction of a penitentiary, jail, and house of cor-
rection m the Distiict of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed,
CODIFICATION OF TIIE LAWS OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr* DELANO, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
(No. 222) to provide tor the codification and revis-
ion of the laws of the District of Columbia, with
amendments.
First amendment:
Strikeout the words "a suitable person,''and in lieu
thereof insert, '• thiee suitable persons so that it will
read:
That the President of the United States be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and empowered to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, three suitable per-
sons, learned in the law, to revise and codify the laws of
the District of Columbia.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out the words, "tliat the person who shall be
thus appointed shall receive ten dollars per day for his ser-
vices while so employed, and ssluill lender a final report of
his revision and codification to Congress on ot belore the
10th day of May next," and in lieu thereof insert the fol-
lowing:
That the persons who shall bo thus appointed shall len-
der a final lepoit of their icviMon and codification to Con-
gress on or befoie the first Monday nj Deceinbei next.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not believe that this
Congress ought to pass that bill at this time.
With the permission of the House I will state
some facts which I happen to know in regard to
this matter. Some fifteen or twenty years ago
Congress passed a law providing for the revision
and codification of the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia. For that purpose a board of commis-
sioners was created, upon which were placed the
most distinguished lawyers of that time which
could be found in this District. Thosegentlemen,
after laboring; some ten or twelve months—I do
not recollect exactly how long—made an elabo-
rate report to Congress, accompanied with acode
containing the laws as revised and codified, buta
quorum of members never could be kept together
fur the purpose of listening to them, and they fell,
as a matter of course, a dead letter. I understand
that Congress did the same thing in 1857 or 1858.
Another board of commissioners was appointed
to codify the laws of this District. They went to
work and made a report, which was never acted
upon by Congress. The same fate that befell the
former reports will, in my judgment, be the fate
that will await the report of any new board of
commissioners we may create by passing the pend-
ing bill. The three commissioners will go to
work, receive their salary, make their repoi t, and
that will be the end of it. 1 know that it is a very
pleasant way to provide for three men, at very
good salaries. I know that, in the two instances
i have cited, the commissioners went to work at
a great expense to the Govei nment, and that their
reports were never rejected or adopted, but that,
on the contrary, they were permitted to become
a dead letter. If tolerable at any other time, such
an expense is utterly unnecessary m the present
condition of the Government, when it. is under
such heavy necessary expense.
We ought not to create this additional expense
to the Government for another mason. There has
been a class of the population here clothed veiy
recently with important rights—I will not say
how pi operly—such as giving evidence, &c., and
I think we had better wait, before making this
codification, until we see how that class gets along.
We shall have nothing left of the United States, if
we go on m the way that we have. We establish
boards of commissioners forevery thing. It would
seem that we can do nothing without commis-
sioners. Let us do away with the commissioners
in this matter, and save the expense to the Gov-
ernment. Let the members of the Committee for
the District of Columbia take up the reports that
have heretofore been made by these codification
commissioners, examine them, and submit to the
House the conclusions at which they have arrived
for our action. If we create this board of commis-
sioners, they will do no more. They will draw
their salaries, look into the previous codifications,
and submit them, or one of them, to us for our
action. Undcrallof the circumstances, therefore,
1 think it propor to move that this bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, with instructions that they examine the
code which was reported five or six years ago,
and report it with such modifications as they
may surest.
Mr. DELANO. Air. Speaker, if the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky will give me his atten-
tion, I will convince*him that this bill is a proper
one, and ought to be passed. It has met the ap-
proval not only of the Senate Committee on the
District of Columbia, but of the same committee
in this House. They have given it careful exam-
ination, and know exactly what was done by
Congress in past years for.thc codification of the
laws of this District. I have in my hand the code
to which the gentleman has referred. It was drawn
up under a law to reduce, simplify, digest, and
modify the laws of said District, and also the rules
and principles of practice of pleading, of evidence,
and of conveyancing. Because that code was well
prepared by the board of commissioners, and be-
cause it has met with general approval, it is now
relied upon substantially as the code to be adopted
by the new board of commissioners.
Let us look at this matter historically. If the
House will give me its attention,! will show that
there are no such dangers as those which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky apprehends. Prior to 1855,
various laws, statutes, and usages and rules ap-
plicable to proceedings in court were lying in an
indiscriminate and an undigested mass for years.
It was then thought, as every respectable State
or municipality m the Union had its code, that it
was time the laws of the District should be revised
and codified. Under the lead of the honorable
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mat,] a distin-
guished lawyer who now occupies a seat upon
this floor, in 1855, commissioners were appointed
by the President to revise, simplify, and codify
the laws of this District. The act was passed
March 3, 1855. I understand it was mainly by
the advice and under the supervision of the gen-
tleman from Maryland that the code was matured.
It was reported in the most perfect state, as I un-
derstand from lawyers here and elsewhere. The
bill provided, not only that there should be a board
of codifiers, but that theie should be a committee
of five citizens from Washington, two from
Georgetown, and one from the county of Wash-
ington, to have the supervision and revisal of the
work of the commissioners. The commissioners
wcie two years in compiling their code. 1 am
told that they did the work most thoroughly, that
there was not a man on the committee of citizcns
who did not approve it. They made a unanimous
report, recommending the adoption of the code by
the citizcns of the Distiict. Unfortunately, the
gentleman who drew the bill made the further
provision that, after the code had stood the test of
the judgment of the commissioners, and after it
had met with the approval of the committee of
citizens, it should be submitted to the vote of the
people of the District. The code was submitted
to the people and the people voted it down.
The theory of the Senate bill is that one com-
missioner is enough, because it is expected he will
report at once the code of 1857. We think that
not only is the time fixed too short, but that it
would better subserve the interests of the Dis-
trict to have three commissioners. They are to
report at the next session whatever suggestions
they may have by way of amendment to the code.
That, I think, would be better than to leave the
matter to be decided by a single commissioner.
There is scarcely an instance in the different States
where the Legislatures have provided for less than
three commissioners, for the purpose of revising
and codifying the laws. Less than three has no-
where been deemed an adequate commission for
that purpose.
The Senate bill provided that the report should
be made to Congress on the 16th of May. That
day has passed, and the House, on the recom-
mendation of the committee, has amended the bill
so that the report shall be made on the first Mon-
day of next session. J demand the previous ques-
tion on the thii rl reading and passage of the bill.
The picvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Bingham. Jacob B.
Blair,Geoige H. Browne, Wi!h;un G. Biown, Casey, Cobb,
Frederick A. Conkim-i, lto>coe Conkhns.' (.'ox,* Diven,
Fi-diei, flail, Ifardm'/, Hickman. Hot man, Johnson', Knapp,
Law, Lazeai, Lcaiy, Au^on P. Morull. Moms, Noble,
Nugen, Oun, Pemiinton, John S. Phelps, Poiter, Price,
iliciiard-oii, Robinson, J,unc-> P. Bulling, festal, Shicl,
Smith, William G. Steele, Fianeis Tiionm^, Ti tmbie, Val-
Jandigiiain, Vibb.ud. Vooihces, Chailcs W. Walton, Ward,
Aibeii S. White, Wiekliffe, Wood, and Woodiuff-—49.
NAYS—Mi"sm<<. Alduch, Alley, A^hk.v, Babbitt, Bakei,
Baxter, Samuel S. Blair, Blake. Buffinton, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Oiiamberlin, Clatk, Clements, Ciisfield, Cutler, Davis,
