1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
arms, and quite as much to do with armories, as
the Committee on Military Affairs. One of your
armories is employed almost exclusively in the
manufacture of heavy ordnance for the Navy. I
suppose that there are ten dollars expended in the
manufacture of arms for that branch of the pub-
lic defense, at Pittsburg, to one expended in the
manufacture of arms for the Army. I protest,
and I mean to continue to protest, against the
whole disposition of the armories falling into the
hands of the Military Committee. I claim that
the Navy occupies just as important a positionin
the country, and is entitled to just as much con-
sideration from the country, and is doing just as
much for the country as the Army.
Mr. HALE. And a little more.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. IIOWE. I certainly have no disposition
to oust the Committee on Navul Affairs from any
jurisdiction that properly belongs to them in this
matter. I certainly agree that the Navy is doing
bravely, and doing well, and I hope it will con-
tinue to do so, and that the Committee on Naval
Affairs will continue to exercise a rigid scrutiny
and surveillance of its operations. Still I do not
understand why heavy ordnance are not just as
much required by the Army, and for the use of
the War Department, as foi the use of the Navy
Department. I suppose they are used in both
branches of the service. Because the armory at
Pittsburg makes heavy guns, and that at Spring-
field makes only light ones, I do not know that it
follows necessarily that one armory should be
under the control of the Navy Department and
the other under the War Department.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The question of reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial has
been referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. I rise merely to say that I do
not seek that it should be referred to that com-
mittee, and I am willing that the Committee on
Naval Affairs shall have that or any other portion
of the business of the Senate. I am sure the mem-
bers of the Military Committee have no anxious
desire to secure any portion of the business of the
Senate, for I think they have already a little more
than they can well do.
APPOINTMENTS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretaiy of the Navy be instructed
to report to the Senate how many acting lieutenants, mas-
ters and niasteis' mates, and paymasters and acting assist-
ant paymasters have been appointed since the commence-
ment of the present rebellion; their names, ages, and
residences, and the dates of their respor-tiw appointment*,
and how many of them arc employed, and how long each
of them has been employed; and aino whether any of the
regular pa> masters and assistant paymasters of the Navy
are at present employed.
ARRESTS BY EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY.
Mr. KING. I laid upon the table yesterday
morning a resolution which I stated to the Senate
I intended to call up to-day with a view of refer-
ring it to the Committee on the Judiciary, as a
resolution on the same subject has already been
referred to that committee. I suppose there is no
difference of opinion among the loyal men of the
country as to the approval of the vigilance of the
Administration and the propriety of arresting per-
sons suspected of treason; but I think that at the
earliest practicable period those persons should be
placed under the ordinary tribunals of justice, and
there may be legislation necessary on the subject.
I hope the resolution will go to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, which is as follows:
Resolved, That the Piesident be icqnested to causc pro-
ceedings to be instituted m tile courts of law against per-
sons who have been anested by Executive authority or order
since the brcakim; out of the present insuriwlion,and who
are now detained ill custody, so thata judicial examination
may be had in each case to ascertain who, it any, of them
may be allowed to take the oatli of allegiance to the I lilted
States and be discharged, and who shall be detained foi tui-
ther examination 01 bepioseeuted foi treason or other crime,
and to communicate the name* of all persons who have
been so anested and the date of arrest to the Senate.
Mr. KING. I do not regard it as material in
what precise form this matter goes to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary; but I think the subject
ought to be referred to them, and at a reasonably
early day, if there be legislation on this subject
required, they may be prepared to report it to the
Senate. I move that the resolution be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL EXPENSES.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee ©n Naval Affairs be in-
structed to mquiie into the manner in which vessels of war
have been and are being fitted out, and into the general
expenses of the United States navy-yards, and that they
have power to send for persons and papers.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Iowa if this resolution covers an
inquiry into the purchases which have recently
been made ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; it docs not. The
whole purpose of the resolution is this: 1 heard
the floating report around town that a great many
extraordinary expenses have been incurred in fit-
ting up some of our vessels very sumptuously,
too sumptuously, according to the economical
views that were expressed in the Senate yester-
day. I think it proper that that subject should bo
investigated; that we should know whether a large
amount of money has been expended by the au-
thority of the commandants of the different navy-
yards—for the Navy Department, as I understand
it, has nothing to do with it; it is done under the
direction of the commandants of the yards—for
purposes of this kind, and if so, that some cor-
rective should be applied.
Mr. CLARK. The resolution goes further than
that.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; the resolution in-
cludes the general expenses of the different yards.
I confess I had no purpose other than to just let
it be known that we were exercising a vigilant
watchfulness over the superintendence of these
yards, and not with a view to make any particular
investigation. I thought it might be well enough
to let the country know, and to let those who are
our servants in conducting the affairs of our navy-
yards know, that wc are watching them, at any
rate; but I have heard of nothing that would call
for a particular investigation.
Mr. CLARK. I am very glad that the reso-
lution of the Senator from Iowa does go as far as
it goes. I have heard a great many rumors and
reports that affairs were not conducted economi-
cally or prudently at our yards, and it certainly
will have a good effect if the country understands
that the Senate and Congress are looking to sec
with what economy and efficiency the affairs of
the different yards are conducted.
Mr. I'ROWNING. I cannot perceive what
possible good the resolution is to do if itis to have
no further scope than that announced by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. I understand it is introduced as
a sort of scarecrow; that it is not intended to take
any action under it. I am opposed to voting for
a resolution as a mere make-believe, a false pre-
tense. I want the resolution adopted, and I want
it acted upon afteritisadopted. No possible good
will result from it unless investigation follows in
accordance with the terms of the resolution. If
it is to go to the country with the explanation
given by the Senator from Iowa, instead of satis-
fying the people that we are vigilant m watching
and correcting extravagant and extraordinary ex-
penditures, it will only subject us to the ridicule
of the country that we introduce a resolution here
that we do not pretend to act upon, merely for the
purpose of frightening somebody. I hope it will
be adopted and acted upon.
Mr. GRIMES. I was probably unfortunate in
the language I used. I certainly was, or else the
Senator misapprehended what I said. I did not
say, or did not intend to say, at any rate, that 1
introduced this resolution merely for the purpose
of a scarecrow, or give any such intimation. I
stated that it had been reported to me that unne-
cessary expenses had been incurred in fitting up
some of our vessels-of-war, that some of them
had been fitted up most sumptuously, had been
furnished with furniture of the most extravagant
character, and I wished that to be investigated.
An inquiry was then put to me in regard to the j
other clause of the resolution, which gave it a I
more extended scope. I said that my attention
had not been called to other extravagances, but
that it was well enough for us to let the command-
ants of the yards, and let the country and every-
body else know that we were watching these gen-
tlemen , and that we would be prepared, under this
resolution, to investigate any such thing as might
be brought to our notice. That was the purposf
of my resolution. ' '
Mr. BROWNING. I suppose I misappre-
hended the Senator. The explanation is satis-
factory.
. Mr. CLARK. I do not undertake to remember
the precise language of the Senator from Iowa;
but my recollection is, he said that if it went no
further it would show the country that Congress
was giving their attention to it. Now the purpose
of the remarks I made was to call the attention
of the Senator to the fact that reports had spread
abroad in the country that the work at our navy-
yards was not conducted with that efficiency that
it should be, and I supposed, upon a suggestion
to him and the Naval Committee of that kind,
that they would be induced to look a little at that
subject, as I hope they will, and I have no doubt
they will.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I made the inquiry I did of the
Senator from lowa, for the purpose of suggesting
to him the propriety of extending and enlarging
the scopeof hisresolution, and making it the duty
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom the
resolution is to go, to inquire into the purchases
which have recently been made for the use of the
Navy. I understand that a great many millions
have been expended in the purchase of vessels
needed, I suppose, for naval purposes. I do not
know how reasonable those purchases have been,
and I do not see how we can know until there has
been some examination of the matter; but as I
recollect the statements that have been made, the
agent who made those purchases reports that he
has charged those from whom he made the pur-
chases a commission of two and a half per cent,
on the amounts paid for the different vessels, thus
making his compensation depend directly upon
the amount he paid for his purchases. Hemay
have done that, and yet his purchases have all
been very reasonable and just; but when the com
mittee were about inaugurating an investigation
I hoped they would make it broad enough to cove*
that matter.
Mr. GRIMES. That subject has been thor
oughly investigated by the appropriate committee
in the House of Representatives, as I understand
It would hardly be necessary, I take it, for us to
go over the same ground that they have already
gone over and are still pursuing.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware of that investi-
gation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Iowa.
The resolution was agreed to.
NOTICE OS A BILL.
Mr. HOWE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to repeal an act approved
September 18, 1850, entitled "An act to amend
and supplementary to the act entitled ' An act re-
specting fugitives from justice, and persons escap-
ingfrom the service of their masteis,'" approved
February 12, 1793.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) for the sale
of the ruins of the Washington Infirmary ,^was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War
in answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
17th instant, calling for information in relation to
an agreement with Governor Gamble, of Mis-
souri, relative to the volunteer militiaof thatState;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to bo printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Attorney Gen-
eral, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 2d of March last, referring to him the petition
of Pierce & Bacon, who claim that the Government
