1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S1I7
has been referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, but it has passed the Senate twice hereto-
fore. I move that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, and
that the bill be put on its passage.
The motion wasagrced to; and the bill (H. R. No.
529) concerning certain lands heretofore granted
to the State of Iowa was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the five sec-
tions of land granted to the State of Iowa by the
third subdivision of section six of an act entitled
" An act supplemental to theactfortheadmission
of the States of Iowa and Florida into the Union,"
approved March 3, 1846, be released and dis-
charged from the limitation contained in that sec-
tion; and the General Assembly of the State of
Iowa may make such disposition of the land as
may be deemed best for the interests of the State.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EDUCATION OF COLORED CHILDREN.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No.543) relating to schools
for the education of colored children in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, in the district of
Columbia, to report it back, and recommend its
passage. It is a matter of very small consequence
to the Senate, but I should like to have it taken
up now if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the duties imposed on the board of
trustees of the public schools in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, by virtue of an act entitled " An act providing
for the education of colored children in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, District of Col-
umbia, and for other purposes," approved May
21, 1862, be transferred to Daniel Breed, Sayles
J. Bowen, and Zenas C. Robbins, and their suc-
cessors in office, who are now to be created a
board of trustees of the schools for colored chil-
dren in those cities, who are to possess all the pow-
ers and pei form all the duties conferred upon and
required of the trustees of public schools in Wash-
ington and Georgetown by the act referred to.
These trustees are to hold their offices for the
respective terms of one, two, and three years, to
be determined by lot, and it is to be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior, on the 1st day of
July, 1863, and annually on that day thereafter,
to appoint from among the residents of these
citics a trustee in place of the one whose term has
expiied or is about to expire. And the Secretary
of the Interior is also to be authorized to fill va-
cancies in the board of trustees whenever, from
any cause, such vacancies may occur.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MONEYS DUE TO KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the amounts due the
State of Kansas in the several Departments, with a view
of applying the same upon the taxes due from said State to
the General Government.
COURT OB" CLAIMS ADVERSE DECISIONS,
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims to
whom were referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 90) to confirm the adverse decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of Abraham King,
administrator of John Mandevilie; the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 89) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of the
executor of Lewis Warrington and others; the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Dennis Cronans; the joint'resolution (H. R.
No. 88) to confirm the adverse decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of T. S. J.Johnson;
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Richard Ervin, trustee of the Mechanic's
Bank, New York; the joint resolution (H. R. No.
92) to confirm the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of C. J. Jenkins and W. W.
Mann,assignees of John McKinney, report them
back to the Senate, with a recommendation that
they pass. These are all adverse decisions of the
Court of Claims, and I desire that they may be
passed upon now, and the whole batch disposed
of. There will be no objection.
The joint resolutions were severally ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELECTION OF REPRESENTATIVES.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (H. R.
No. 525) in relation to the election of Representa-
tives to Congress by single districts, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that in each State entitled in the next and any suc-
ceeding Congress to more than one Representative,
the number to which such State is or may be here-
after entitled shall be elected by districts composed
of contiguous territory, equal in number to the
number of Representatives to which such State
may be entitled in the Congress for which the elec-
tion is held, no one district electing more than one
Representative. The provisions of this act are not
to apply to the State of California so far as it may
affect the election of Representatives to the Thirty-
Eighth Congress.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
following amendment:
Jlnd provided further, That in the election of Represent-
atives of the Thiity-Eighth Congress from the State of Illi-
nois the additional Representative allowed to said State by
an act entitled " An act fixing the number of the House of
Representatives from and after the 3d of March, 186.%"
approved March 4, 1862, may be elected by the State at
large, and the thirteen Representatives to which the State
is entitled by the districts as now prescribed by law in said
State, unless the Legislature of said State should otherwise
provide before the time fixed by law for the election of Rep-
resentatives therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire of
the chairman whether, by any possibility, this
bill in its provisions can effect districts already
made by the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in the least. It is a
bill providing that each State entitled to more
than one Representative in Congress shall elect its
Representatives by single districts. That is the
whole bill. Every State in the Union does elect
by single districts now, except California. But
the law which required the election by single dis-
tricts was a temporary law. It applied only to
one census. This bill reenacts it, and makes it a
permanent law that m each State entitled to more
than one Representative, the number to which the
State is entitled shall be elected by districts com-
posed of contiguous territory, no one district elect-
ing more than one Representative. That is the
general feature of the bill. Then there is an ex-
ception as to California, and an exception as to
Illinois, she having already made out her appor-
tionment before the last member was added, and
the exception is put in to avoid the necessity of
convening her Legislature in order to redistnet the
State. It having been redistricted under the late
census, and we having passed a law subsequently
which gave to Illinois another member, it would
involve the necessity of convening the Legisla-
ture unless this proviso be adopted. That is the
object of the proviso.
The amendments were ordered to engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, the Sen-
ator from Illinois, what effect this bill, if passed,
will have upon the Representatives sent, for in-
stance, from the State of Tennessee. I desire to
inquire whether, if Representatives were sent from
the State of Tennessee to the next Congress,
under the laws as they now exist, or by the gen-
eral ticket system, the State not having been re-
districted, those members would be entitled to
their seats or not ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be for the
House of Representatives to determine. The law
requires the election by single districts, and I sup-
pose they would be required to be elected by sin-
gle districts in the State of Tennessee, the same
as in other States. I do not remember now
whether the new apportionment changes the num-
ber in Tennessee. If it does not, the old districts
would fit.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not rememb^- in
reference to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not recollect whether
the number was added to or diminished in the
State of Tennessee. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] thinks it was diminished one, and
if so, it would probably require new districting.
The law is a general one, and requires that in all
the States the Representatives shall be elected by
single districts. It is what we have been prac-
ticing all over the Union. It is manifestly proper,
I think, that it should be so.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator from
Missounihat there is a precedent on this subject,
though I Think it is a very bad one. After the
passage of the old law requiring members to be
elected by single districts, the State of New
Hampshire refused to comply with the law, and
elected all her members by general ticket, and
they were ail admitted by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I thought the precedent wrong at the
time.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a similar pre-
cedent from my own State, I think. The Legis-
lature of Missouri refused, under the first act on
that subject, to district the State. I have not had
time to examine this bill, but I will state that I do
not desire that any act shall be passed which will
interfere with the representation of the southern
States, as soon as that representation can be re-
ceived in Congress. I am aware that very serious
difficulties will be placed in the way of legislation
in those States, in order to prepare the districts
according to the apportionment for representation
in the next Congress; but I do not desire to tie up
our hands in the future, so that it will be required
that thislaw shall be setaside by one of the branches
of Congress in order to admit that representation.
My impression is that no State elects now by gen-
eral ticket
Mr. TRUMBULL. California does, and al-
ways has.
Mr. HENDERSON. HasCalifornianeverdis-
tricted ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Never.
Mr. HENDERSON. There seems to be an
exception made m this bill in favor of California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the next Congress
only. It is made for the reason that California
has not districted, and I understand her Legisla-
ture docs not convene in time. It would require
an assemblage of her Legislature, just as it would
in my State, for the additional member. The last
Legislature which convened in Illinois apportioned
the State and laid out the districts on the appor-
tionment of 1861; but at the present session we
have passed a supplemental bill, giving the State
of Illinois an additional member, making fourteen,
instead of thirteen. To avoid convening the Lc-
gislatureforthatexpresspurpo.se, this proyiso was
put in, the State not being in fault, she having laid
out her districts on the law as it stood, and unless
there should be a special session of the Legisla-
ture, our election taking place in November, we
should be very much embarrassedr
Mr. HENDERSON. I really can sec no very
greatgood fo resultfrom this bill. If I understand
the object of it, it is merely to icquire that members
of Congress shall be elected by districts. There
cannot be any other object. Every Siate in the
Union has already adopted the district system, as
I understand, except the single case of California,
and an exception is made in this very bill in that
particular case. Now, if the States have already
adopted that system, had wc not better refuse the
passage of this bill, because nothing can be ac-
complished by it except to compel that whieh has
already been adopted by the different Slates, and
put an additional obstacle m the way of the ad-
mission of members from those States where very
great difficulties will exist in the districting in
order to get members here. I know very well the
difficulties that will be presented m the way of
getting a new district system up in those States.
There are a great many difficulties in the way;
and m the confused state of affairs there, if some
districts can send members here, it would be in-
finitely better that we should admit those members.
It would be extremely difficult, perhaps, in every
portion of the State to get members elected, and,
in fact, it might be almost impossible to convene
a Legislature previous to the time of the election
in order to district anew as required by this bill.
Under these circumstances, as nothing is to be
accomplished except that which is already accom-
plished, I feel inclined not to support the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passnge of the In".
