1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
uwi
discovery of new sources of wealth, the almost
annual birth of States, and the swift culmination
and subsidence of monetary crises, all tend to
baffle ordinary calculations. In the estimate now
to be presented, I shall only claim that it is made
in good faith, and it may be said that, for many
of the items, we have sufficient data; others are
conjcctural, or made on facts embracing only a
portion of our country as a basis to furnish an
estimate for the whole. It may not unfairly be
presumed that the errors will be such as may be
offset, so as not materially to damage the aggre-
gate result.
I will ask to have read the estimate which I
will send to the Clerk's desk, and which I shall
append to my speech:
Estimated amount of Internal Revenue.
Ale, beer, and other malt liquors, 4,000,000 bar-
rels  §1,000,000
Spitits, 100,000.000 gallons  15,000,000
Licenses of all kinds  3,000,000
Linseed oil, laid oil, &c  600,000
Candies and soap  1,500,000
Petroleum and coal oil  2,500,000
Leaf tobacco, (loyal States and Vuginia,)
288,000,000 pounds  5,000,000
Manufaetuied tobacco, snuff, and cigar5*,
GO,000,000 pounds  3,000,000
Boots and shoes  2,500,000
Hats, caps, bonnets, clocks, pins, skirts, um-
brellas, &c   2,000.000
Paper    1,000^000
Leather  1,000,000
Paints, painter's colors, ink, See  3,000,000
Coffee, ginger, spices, &c  500.000
Starch  500,000
Salt  225,000
Tie fined sugar, and sugar made from molasses,
confectioneiy, &c   500,000
Gas    1,000.000
Rectified and adulterated spirits, wines, vine-
car, &c  1.000,000
Slauglueied cattle, sheep, and hogs  500,000
Auction sales  1,000,000
1'elegiaph companies  ]00,000
Raihb.tds, femes, steamboats, omnibuses.... G,000,000
Watches, plate, carnages, piano-1'ortes, and
billiard-tables  2,000,000
Railtoad nonds  1.000,000
Banks and saving institutions  800.1)00
Advertisements, estimated at .ylO .000,000 gt oss, 2,000,000
Income duty     5,000,000
Stamp duty, express companies, excluding
patent medicines  6,000 000
Patent medic iiie-s, stamps     2,500,000
Legacies and dUinhutive shares of peisonai
estates of deceased poisons  1,000,000
- Salants, *&y 6^0,000,000  1,'200,000
Manufactutes, not included  30,000,000
Ducct tax—$20,000,000; say $12,000,000
Duty l'io;n impoits  50,000,000
101,925,000
62,000.000
$103.025.000
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, it is
my duty and purpose to support the Government
in all wise and constitutional measures for the
prosecution of the war to an honorable peace. It is
my duty to vote it taxes and to vote it men, when-
ever, in my judgment, I can do so consistently
with the preservation of the liberties of the people
of this country.
This bill now under consideration calls upon
the people of the United States for vast sums of
money, and imposes unusual burdens. We ought
to be very careful, indeed, in the details of the
bill when we approach the people to demand from
them even a portion of the necessaries of lite, as
this bill does; but, above all, we ought to be still
more careful to inspire in the people of the coun-
try a confidence that their hard-earned wealth is
to be devoted alone to the preservation of the
liberties which are their inalienable right.
I have many objections to this bill.—many ob-
jections to the details of it. 1 declare, sir, that it
proposes for too unlimited a time to grant sup-
plies to this Government, to meet my present
views. Sir, I cannot give my confidence to the
party in power; I cannot give my confidence to
this Administration; 1 cannot give my full confi-
dence to any part of it; and, sir, when I am called
upon to vote upon my constituents—as I am by
this bill—burdens with which they have hitherto
been unacquainted, I desire to consider the pur-
poses for which this money is appropriated; I
desire to inquire what is to be done with it, and for
what ends their treasure and their blood are to be
poured out in this contest.
Sir, I came to this Congress very little expe-
rienced ill public affairs, with but a very narrow
ambition—faithfully to represent the constituents
who sent me here with such great unanimity, and
to promote, to the extent of my humble ability,
the concord and fraternity of the American peo-
ple, for the preservation of their Uniojj.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to state
now, at the commencement of the debate, that I
shall be compelled to call any gentleman to order,
on either side of ihe House, who does not confine
his remarks to the discussion of the bill before the
committee.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Does the gentleman
raise a point of order on me ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not. I
merely wished to give the notice which I have
given.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is my intention, Mr.
Chairman, to discuss thequestions that grow out
of this great subject of taxation; not to discuss
the details of the bill, but to discuss the policy of
the Government, the tendency and objects of the
war, for the support of which these taxes are to
be levied and the wealth which this bill seeks to
bring in is to be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky, in order that he
may be apprised of the decision of the Chair, that
when a bill is made a special order debate must
be confined to it. The Chair will, therefore, be
compelled to arrest the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky if he takes the latitude which bo
now indicates. Previous to 18G0, debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union 011
appropriation bills was unlimited. But in 18G0,
a rule was adopted directing that when there was
a special order the debate shall be confined strictly
to the measure under consideration. The Chair
understands that to mean that debate is to be
confined to the examination of the details of the
measureundcre.onsideration. Otherwise, on every
appropriation bill there might be the same unlim-
ited debate under this rule as there was previously.
Gentlemen might still, upon the Army or Navy
or other appropriation bill, arraign the policy of a
party or of an Administration. The Chair, there-
fore, thinks that the intention of the rule is, that
debate shall be confined to the details of the bill,
as to whether they are legitimate and proper. The
Chair, however, will not be at all dissatisfied if,
whenever he shall arrest the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that gentleman will appeal
from his decision, so that the committee may set-
tle the question. The Chaii desires to administer
the rule impartially.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I always hear the
Chair talk with a great deal of pleasure, for tile
Chair talks well. 1 am perfectly aware of the
truth of all that is announced touching the rules
of the House. But I did not propose to violate
the rules, and I trust that the time occupied by the
Chair will -not be deducted out of my hour.
The CHAIRMAN. It will not.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I say, sir, that the de-
tails of this bill bring up the whole policy of the
Government. They bring up the discussion of
every question that has hitherto agitated the minds
of the American people since this rebellion com-
menced. I object to the very first provision of
the bill, so far as it proposes to create offices for
a period of time not limited by the bill. I shall
oppose that feature of the measure, and will give
my reasons. I declare that I cannot trust this
Administration with unlimited supplies, or sup-
plies for an indefinite penod of time. I say that
this House ought not to trust the Administration
with supplies for an indefinite period of time. The
people of the country ought not to trustit. I pro-
pose to state the reasons why. If that be not in
order, it is impossible for me to understand what
order is.
Preliminarily to a more particular examination
of this question I proceed to declare, as I was de-
claring at the point of time when I was inter-
rupted, that I biought heie to this Congress as
single a purpose for the public good as this poor
heait of mine was capable of entertaining. I came
here, sir, leaning strongly to this Administration.
I came here with an overpowering anxiety to sup-
port it to the fullest in the pi osecution of this war,
1 was sent here in that spirit by my constituents.
I was anxious to be a Union Administration man
as far as was in my power. I thought I know the
distinguished gentleman who occupies the presi-
dential chair. 1 thought it was impossible to doubt
his patiiotism or ins honesty. J shall not doubt
it now. 1 believed that his views in this revolu-
tionary crisis were moderate, and that he had no
other purpose or policy than the restoration of ttie
Union in its former integrity, the bringing Ijack of
those States that were carried off by a deluded and
inflamed portion of their people to their obedience
to the Constitution, and to the enjpymeut of all
those rights that once belonged to them,and belong
to them still. I supposed that the restoration of the
old Union was the policy of the Administration,
the restoration of the status ante belhim, which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]—the
one who exfoliated on the Cooly trade—declared
the other day was not to be expected. In the
maintenance of a policy to restore the Union I was
prepared to vote taxes. I was prepared to vote
men. I was prepared to fight out this war to the
bitter end, as 1 am to-day. I want no compro-
mise with traitors in arms, till the proudest head
shall be brought into subjection to the majesty of
the law, to the will of the people constitutionally
expressed, to which it has been hitherto the pride
and glory of every citizen to bow.
1 have changed my views somewhat since I came
to this Congress. I have not changed them on
fundamental principles. I am still prepared to
give support to the President in the exercise of
all constitutional powers for the restoration of the
Union as it was before this rebellion broke out.
Eut I am not prepared to give this war an aboli-
tion turn, and to call upon my constituents for
taxes to supportit for an indefinite period of time,
as this bill proposes. No, sir, for such a purpose .
as that I am not prepared to vote a cent. To all the
millions of property in the State of Kentucky—
which is kept in the Union by fear, as was falsely
said on this floor—this Government is welcome
to maintain the Constitution, to defend the su-
premacy of the Federal Government within its just
sphere, to protect the rights reserved to the States
and to the people of the States. For the mainte-
nance of that purpose alone should we vote taxes
or vote money. Is thatthe purpose to which these
taxes are to be devoted ? Can we put confidence
in the Administration that they will be devoted to
that purpose ? Are the rights of the States and of
the people—reserved by the Federal instrument
itself—to be preserved or are they to be swallowed
up bythis war? Itis not that slavery is to be pie-
served or abolished, not that manufactures are to
be protected by high protective tariffs, not thatgi-
gan tic and unconstitutional banks arc to be erected,
not that the Government shall have the power to
construct railroads and turnpikes or undertake
other internal improvements in the States—110;
but shall reserved rights be surrendered to a con-
solidated Government?
It has been my fortune, all my life, to be in a
minority. In the contest carried 011 during my
day between the tendency toward ultra Slate rights
and the effoit of the Federal Government to pre-
serve its just powers 011 a liberal construction of
the Constitution, I have, been in the minority re-
sisting that tendency of the States which has this
day culminated m secession. 1 have seen the peo-
ple of the States take away from the Federal
Government, as it were, the powers to establish a
national bank; to pass high protective tariffs; to
make internal improvements; to legislate for the
restriction of slavery in the Territories. I was
found in the old Whig party advocating (except
the last) these measures and claiming these powers
for the Federal Government. 1 am to-day found
—where? In what party? Where is my party ?
I never took any other name than the honored
name of Whig, until this secession business sprung
up in the State of Kentucky, when the people of
all parties met together and took the name of
Union Democracy. I am bound by it; and I am
here to-day as a member of the Union Democracy
of Kentucky without a party. But I am here to
resist this new and overshadowing danger, this
tendency of the Federal Government to swallow
up the powers reserved to the States and people
respectively. I am here to resist the claim made
on this floor on behalf of the right of the Federal
Government to interfere with the institutions of
other States, 011 the ground that these institutions
are incompatible with the security of the Federal
Union. I was denied, yesterday, the privilege of
disclosing the effort of this Government to inter-
fere with the reserved rights of the States. The
message of the President declared, at the_ start,
that there are institutions and laws guarantied by
