2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
i it.
district in the Territory of Nevada and for other
purposes, with a view to put it upon its passage.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. POTTER, fioni the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the homestead bill, submitted a report in writ-
ing, and moved the previous question upon
The report was road, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses of Congress on the bill (II. It. No. 125) " to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain,"
&c., having met, alter full conference have agreed to lec-
ommend to their re-spective Houses- as lollows:
That the Hou-.e recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's amendments, numbered 1,4,0,(5,7,9, 10,11, and
13.
That the House recede fiom their disablement to the
Senate's second amendment, and agiee to the same with
the following amendment: aftei the woid " section," in the
Seriate'*? amendment, iiweit u or a le<s quantityand in
the twelfth line of the first section, aftei the woid " acre,"
insertl< or ies>." At the end of the first section add, " Pro-
vided, That any person owning and residing on land may,
undei the provisions of tins act, enter other land lying con-
tiguous to his oi her said laud winch shall not, with the land
so already owned and occupied, exceed in the aggregate one
hundred and sixty acres."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's third amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: after the woid " age," m the sec-
ond line of the second section, and beloie the Senate amend-
ment, insert "or shall have perfotmedservice in the Army
or Navy of the United States." Abo, m The third ami tourth
lines!, second section, strike out the words u and those spe-
cially mentioned in this act," and insert as follow.-.: "and
that said entry is made lor the purpose of actual settlement
and cultivation."
That the Senate recede fiom then eighth amendment with
the following amendment: strike out the woid " entiy,'1
in the seventh Ijne of the fifth section,and insert" land."
That the Hou^e reecde tiom their disagreement to the
Senate'si twelfth amendment, and agiee to the same with
the following amendment, to be added at the end of the
sixth section:
Provided j'ui I her, That no peison who has sei ved, or may
hereafter serve, lot a period of not le.-s than fourteen days
In the Army or Navy of the United States, cither regular
or volunteer, under the laws thereof dining the existence
of an actual war, domestic or foieign, shall be deprived oi
the benefits of this act on account of not having attained
the age of twenty-one ycaia.
JOHN F POTIT.U,
cYRirs au>R[<;u,
EDWIN II. WISUSTKR,
Mana«ci <? on the pritt of the llou-ic.
JAMES IIAHLAN,
JOSEPH A WlvKJUT,
DANIEL ('LARK,
Managers on the ]>art oj the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Wisconsin will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. POTTER. I cannot do so. The report
is unanimous.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tiie yeas and nays
on agreeing to the report.
The yens and nays weie not ordered.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEATH OF HON. GOLDSMITH F. BAILEY.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My col-
leagues, Mr. Speaker, have assigned to me the
duty of announcing to the Mouse the death of one
of our number, lion. Goldsmith F. Bailly, at
his home in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, on the 8th
instant.
The story of his life is a brief and manly one.
He was born on the 17th of July, 18:23, in West-
moreland, New Hampshire, a State that hasgiven
to her sisters so many of her jewels, and yet al-
ways kept her casket full and spaikltng. An
orphan at the age of two, lie was thrown wholly
upon his own resources at tiie age of twelve.
What we oidmariiy cull education (schooling)
was finished substantially at the age of sixteen.
But he early discovered that the only true culture
is self-culture, the only true development self-de-
velopment; that in the sweat of a man's own face
he must cat the broad of knowledge; and that in
the school ot nartow iortune and of caily strug-
gle are often to be found the most invigoratin0"
disciplines and the wisest teachers. °
At the age of sixteen he began to learn the art
of priming. We need but glance at our history,
or look around us at either end of the Capitol, to
learn that as printing is the most encyclopedic of
arts, so the printing office is among the best places
of instruction. In diffusing knowledge, the pupil
acquires it, and in preparing the instruments for
educating others, educates himself. I have re-
vered the art from my forefathers, as Paul would
have said, and mine, therefore, may be a partial
judgment; but some of the best educated men it
has been my pleasure to know, received their de-
grees at the printer's college.
Mr. Bailey, having learned his art, was for some
time the associate printer, publisher, and editor
of a country newspaper, a business, I suspect,
not very lucrative or attractive. It did not fill the
measure'of his hopes; and in 1845 he left the
printing office for the study of the law. He pur-
sued his studies in the office of Messrs. Torrey
& Wood, of Fitchburg, sound lawyers and most
estimable men. Their appreciation of their stu-
dent was such that, upon his admission to the bar,
in December, 1846, he was received into the firm
as a partner.
Mr. Bailey had been in the practice of his pro-
fession some thirteen years before his election fo
this House. A leading position at the bar in New
England is seldom attained in thirteen years, and
especially at a bar which, even from days before
the Revolution, has been so eminent as that of the
county of Worcester. But Mr. Bailey had ac-
quired high rank among his brethren, and by
courteous manners, careful learning, sound judg-
ment, and sterling integrity, had secured the re-
spect of the people, and of courts and juries.
His public life was very brief. In 1856 he was
elected a representative in the I.legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, and in 1858 and I860 was a member
of the Stale Senate. In this new field of labor he
was eminently successful,and in his second year
in the Senate it may be fairly said there was no
man in the body in whom his colleagues or the
public reposed more confidence.
The ability and fidelity with which he dis-
charged these high duties attracted the attention
and won the regard of the people of his district;
and in November, 1860, in a canvass warmly con-
tested by an able and popular man, he was elected
to (his House.
lie took his seat at the extra session in July.
Hut over his new and expanded horizon the night
was already shutting down. The hand of death
was laid visibly upon him. You could hear the
very rustling of his wings.
lie canie back in December appaiently a little
better. It was but the glow of sunset, the flick-
ering of ih<; flame before it goes out. He lost
strength from day to day, and at last went home
to die—to realize the Spanish benediction, " may
you die among your kindred," and, what is of
infinitely greater moment, the divine benediction,
" LMessed are the dead who die in the Lord."
To our narrow vision, Mr. Speaker, such a hie
seems imperfect, such a death premature. To
wrestle with adverse fortune, as Jacob with the
angel, until you wrest fi om it its blessing; to stiug-
gle through youth and early manhood; to reach
the threshold of mature life, of usefulness, and of
honor, and to sink weary and exhausted before
the open door.
It is a narrow view, Mr. Speaker, which a se-
rein: trust in God and m His infinite wisdom and
infinite goodness at once dispels. We wipe the
mist from our eyes, and see that all is well. In
the presence and with the consciousness of an im-
mortal life, what matteis it whether much or little
be spent this wide the vail, provided, as with our
departed brother, it is well spent.
Mr. Speaker, death is busy everywhere around
us. The accomplished jurist, the pure patriot,
the statesman wise and good, passes away in the
Sabbath stillness. Amid the thunders of artillery
j rocking like a cradle land and sea, amid fire and
j smoke, the shrieks of the wounded, the groans of
! the dying, the wail of defeat, and the shouts of
! tiiumph, the angel leapeis aie garnering in fields
j seemingly not white for the harvest. The flower
! of our youth, the beauty of our Israel, is slain in
j our high places. The victories in this holy strug-
j gle for national life and "liberty m law" are
, sealed with our most precious blood. Yet m this
| hour of chastened triumph, of mingled joy and
; sadness, that ttanquii death in a far off New
England home comes very mgh to us, with its
solemn, I trust not unheeded warning: be ye also
ready.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolvedj That the House has heard with profound sor-
row the announcement of the death of Hon. Goldsmith
F. Bailey, a member of this House fiom the ninth con-
gressional distiict of the State ot Massachusetts.
Resolved, That this House tender-* to the widow and rel-
atives of the deceased, the expiession of its deep sympathy
in this afflicting bereavement.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House communicate to
tiie widow of the deceased a copy of these resolutions.
Rcsoh cd, (as a further maik of i aspect,) That a copy of
these te^oluuous be communicated to the Senate, and that
the Hou«.e do now adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, another mem-
ber of this House sleeps the sleep of death. Gold-
smith F. Bailey, a Representative from the State
of Massachusetts, departed this life on Friday last,
at his home in Fitchburg, surrounded by family
and friends. Not alone in the home of our de-
parted friend, or in this House is there mourning.
Throughoutthe length and breadth of our beloved
country, in every city and hamlet,
" The air is full of farewells to the dying,
And mourning for the dead."
Mourning for those who have fallen and are
falling on the battle-field in defense of their coun-
try, as well as for those reserved from such a fate,
and dying from disease, consequent upon expo-
sure to the damps and miasmas of a pestilential
climate. The clarion notes of victory as they
leach us from New Orleans and Williamsburg,
and all the haid-fought fields of the war, though
assuring us of the speedy and certain reestablish-
ment of the Union, are robbed of half their cheer,
when we reflect upon the many brave and patri-
otic men whose lives have been sacrificed to crush
this wicked rebellion. It is indeed melancholy,
while these realities are daily pressing upon us,
to be called to mourn the loss of one of our own
number, so true and faithful as the deceased.
I well remember, Mr. Speaker, the first time Mr.
Baij.ly came into the committee room, at this
session, from which, on official occasions, he was
only absent when his health prevented his attend-
ance. It was a disagreeable, cold, snowy morn-
ing. The effort was too much for him, and he
irave unmistakable signs of fatigue and decay.
After he withdrew, I remarked to one or two of
the members of the committee who remained, that
I feared the leaves and flowers of spring would
not find him with us. He appeared conscious of
this himself, as I afterwards learned, from my
visits, when he was unable to leave his room.
He thought the month of April or of May, or as
he would express it, "the budding of the leaves
and flowers will be the time." How appropriately
he might have quoted and applied to himself the
beautiful words written by Mrs. Osgood, when
first infoimed that she could not survive the spring:
"I'm coin;? thioiifjh tho Eternal gates,
Eie June'-: Mveet roues. blow."
Mr. Speaker, my acquaintance with Mr. Bai-
ley commenced after we became members to-
gether of the Committee on Territories. Though
necessai ily limited, it was of such a nature as to
enable me to form a correct opinion of his char-
acter, and I assure you, sir, that no one who knew
soliule ofhim mourns his loss more sincerely than
myself. From our first acquaintance, I was im-
pressed with the amiabilities of his nature and the
frank and genial qualities of his disposition, and
as my knowledge of him increased I felt that he
was as truthful and earnest as he was frank and
genial. His ill health prevented him from ming-
ling often in the society of his fellow members, or
of interchanging views with them, but he never
left those friends with whom he acted politically
on this floor in any doubt as to the principles by
which he was governed, or the devotion with which
he was attached to his country. Had his health
permitted, his earnestness of purpose would have
prompted him to take an active part in the pro-
ceedings of this House, and no one who knew him
doubts the line of conduct he would have adopted.
He was a friend of the oppressed, an ardent pa-
ti iot, devoted to the preservation of the Constitu-
tion and the Union, and believed thata permanent
and enduring peace could alone be secured by re-
moving the admitted cause of the rebellion. With
his whole soul he hated tyranny and wrong. Op-
position to injustice, to special privileges in legis-
lation, to the protection of privileged classes, was
with him a hie-long, life-governing principle.
Q,uiet and unpretending in his manners during
his brief career in this House Mr. Bailey became
