3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5.
terior;" and by substituting " Secretary" for
" Commissioner," in line six.
Mr. FOSTER. The reason for making this
change is the clause of the Constitution which
gives the President the power to appoint all offi-
cers by and with the auvice and consent of the
Senate, except inferior officers, in regard to which
it is expressly provided that Congress may confer
the power upon some head of Department; but
there is no power given to Congress to enable a
subordinate to a head of Department to appoint
an officer. For this reason we propose to change
the appointing power from the Commissioner of
Pensions, who is a subordinate officer in the De-
partment of the Interior, to the Secretary of the
Interior, who is the head of the Department, and
to whom we can by law, under the Constitution,
give authority to make the appointment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to add to the bill the
following as an additional section:
Jlni he it further enacted, That all acts and partx of acts
Inconsistent with the provisions of tills act be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL, This bill is somewhat im-
portant. I do not know that I have any objection
to it; but the Senate is v«ry thin, and I think it is
in a very good stage now. We can take a vote
on it in a moment when the Senate shall be fuller,
and it soems to me it is improper that we should
pass bills of importance with so tliin a Senate. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Illinois
permit me to move that this bill be printed, as
amended, so that if any questions should be asked
in regard to it we may be able to answer them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
The motion to print was agreed to.
RETORTS FROM COMMITTEE.
M r. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R.No. 429)grant-
irig a pension to Herman J. Ehle, have instructed
me to make an adverse report. I will say one
word in regard to the report. The petitioner is an
old man who served in the last war with Great
Britain as n lieutenant in a company of cavalry.
His period of service was very short, extending
only from the 7th of September, 1814, to the 20th
of September, 1814, when he was taken sick and
went home. His claim is tlmthis disease, which
has continued upon him more or less from that
time, was occasioned by his exposure to wetaiid
cold at Sackett's Harbor, where he was stationed
during this time. The petitioner is, I believe, a
very meritorious mail, he is a poor man, and an
old man, and he writes very piteous letters to the
committee; and I felt, and the other members of
the committee did, that it was a very ungracious
thing to refuse granting the prayer of the peti-
tioner, and passing the bill, after it had been
passed by the House of Representatives. Still
the committee did not feel that at this period of
our country's history we could with propriety
pay it bounty to a meritorious man for service in
any war in which this country hud previously
been engaged, where it was not already provided
for by law. Theactof IBIGgranted pensions to
men who served in the war, and would grant a
pension to tins petitioner if his case eame within
the provisions of the act; but the Commissioner
of Pensions has adjudged against him, and that
is the reason of his coming to Congress. I con-
fess it is somewhat a hard case, but the commit-
tee thought we ought not and could not pass it.
The samr committee, to whom was referred I he
bii! (II. R. No. 431) for the relief of Zina Wil-
liams, which is almost identical with the case of
Mr. Ehle, eame to the same result, and for the
same reason, recommending that the bill do not
puss.
The same committee, to whom was referred
Senate join t resolution No. 58, to regulate the com-
pensation of agents for paying pensions, have in-
structed me to report it back without amendment,
and recommend its passage.
ANDREW TEN BltOECK.
Mr..CLAItIt. I desire, at the request of the
Senator from Indiana, to enter amotion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate rejected the
bill for the relief of Andrew Ten Breeck. 1 have
not changed my opinion in regard to the measure,
but I am desired to enter the motion to reconsider,
which I do. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 5, 1862.
The House met at twelve "o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order
to be the unfinished report of the Committee of
Ways and Means on the Senate amendments to
the civil appropriation bill.
LAND CLAIM IN IOWA.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, Senate bill No. 119, confirming a land
claim in the State of Iowa, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest that
we take up all the bills on the Speaker's table,
and let them be referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to that.
GENERAL IIUNTEIt's LETTER.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. I have a privileged motion pending which
I call up this morning. That is the motion to re-
consider the vote of the House ordering a certain
report to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot in-
terrupt pending business to call up a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. There is no pending bus-
iness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that.
The business at the last adjournment was an un-
finished report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, which comes up after the reading of the
Journal, and is now before the House for its
aCt'°n" ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when theSpealtersigned thesame:
An act (II. It. No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the yearending
June 30, 1863;
An act (II. R. No. 450) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th t>f June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the yearending 30th of June, 1862, and
for other purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) relative to a
certain grant of land for railroad purposes, made
to the State of Michigan in 1856; and
An act (II. R. No. 297) for the relief of J. W.
Nye.
CIVII. APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be t lie unfinished leport of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the Senate amendments to the civil
appropriation bill, on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] had demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Second amendment:
Foi the purpose of enabling the Commissioner of Public
Buildings und Grounds to remove the Army bakery from the
basement floor ol the Capitol, and to repair the damages
caused by said bakery, tile sum of $8,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Were not the yeas and
nays ordered on that amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the amend-
ment be non-concurred in, and let it go to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better have
tellers at once.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gurlet, and
Morrill of Vermont, were appointed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As far as I am
concerned, I have no objection to have the amend-
ment non-concurred in, for I presume there is no
quorum present.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add as follows:
For constructing burglar-proof vaults for the Assistant
Treasurer at New York, and fire-proof file cases for the col-
lector at New York, and for the incidental expenses of a
change o/ location of these offices, $100,000.
The committee recommended concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert as follows:
For annual repairs to custom-houses, including a new
roof for the Milwaukee custom-house, and repairing the
damage by fire, ,$10,000.
The committee recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert as follows t
For repairing the Government warehouses, wharves, ana
fences at Staten Island, $15,OUO.
The committee recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Insert as follows:
For salary of commissioner and consul general to the
republic of Hayti, $7,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Insert as follows:
For salary of commissioner and consul general to the
republic of Liberia, $4,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert as follows:
For compensation of four additional draw-keepers for the
two draws at Potomac bridge $3,066.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment, with the
following; amendment:
Add at the end of the amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. Jhxd be it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the Treasurer of the United States shall be the same
as that of the Assistant Treasurer at New York, said salary
to commence with and be paid for the last fiscal year.
Theamend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page 1, after line sixteen, insert as follows:
And the act incorporating the Washington Gas Light
Company is hereby so amended as to prohibit the said com-
pany from receiving, after the 1st day of July, 1862, more
than twenty-five cents per hundred cubic feet of gas fur-
nished by k to the Government, and twenty-eight cents to
other customers, subject to a discount of not less than ten
per cent, on all bills for gas, if paid at the office of said
company within five days from the rendition thereof: Pro-
vided, All arrears shall have bean previously paid.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to know what
has become of the amendment making an appro-
priation to pay two additional draw-keepers for
the Long: Bridge?
The SPEAKER. It was concurred in.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire, with the consent
of the House, to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means why those additional
draw-keepers are needed.
Mr. STEVENS. They are obliged now to at-
tend the draws day and night, and there have
therefore been appointed two additional draw-
keepers.
Mr. MALLORY. How many are there now?
Mr. STEVENS. Eight, I think.
Mr. MALLORY. Eight in addition to these
two ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; including them.
Mr. CALVERT. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
why that committee recommend non-concurrence
in the amendment in regard to the Washington
Gas Light Company.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that I do not
