1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
the Constitution. You shall have them as freely
as you shartl have that noble breedof horses, sprung
from Arabian and English studs, now feeding upon
our blue-grass pastures. But, gentlemen, we will
not give up our municipal liberty; we will not
give up the reserved rights of the States or of the
people, because it would destroy the Union. The
great mistake you make is in supposing that the
Union consists in its present territorial bounda-
ries, and that you must sacrifice the Constitution
itself rather than let a foot of territory go away
from you. Why, Texas was once out of the
Union, and the Constitution was in existence. I
prefer the preservation of the-Constitution to our
territorial integrity, but I intend to have both, so
far as anything I can say or do will accomplish it.
But let me ask you who talk this way about our
preferring slavery to the Union, did itneveroccur
to you that you would not give up your abolition
notions for the Union—that you preferred them
to the Union? I ask you, would you not rather
see this Union rent in twain than abandon your
convictions upon the subject of negro slavery, and
your measures for the emancipation of the slaves
of America? I declare there are many who do
not want to see this Union brought back uguiu if
African slavery is to come back with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the gentleman from
Kentucky has referred to me, I merely wish to
say, so far as that question is concerned, that so
long as I hold to the view to which lie has ad-
verted, and which I advanced as the sentiment of
the President, I much more desire the exterm-
ination of slavery, if it can be constitutionally
effected—as I believe it can—than I do to see the
Union restored. I wish to see slavery at an end
when this war shall be at an end, if it can be con-
stitutionally accomplished.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I concede, therefore,
to the President patriotism and honesty. I con-
cede that he proposes a constitutional emancipa-
tion policy in the border States. I concede that
that policy logically repudiates all the extreme
notions of my friend from Maine [Mr. Fes sendej?)
and the other gentlemen to whom I have alluded.
And then the question arises whether I can, as a
Representative of the people of Kentucky, accept
it. I say no. 1 cannotsupporttho Administration
on its emancipation policy in the border States.
I will not support it here, nor will I do it at home,
There is another view which 1 propose to pre-
sent. The keenest pang which an anxious reflec-
tion on that message brought to me was a belief
that it contemplates the contingency of a dissolu-
tion of the Union; that it looks to the contingency
when the cotton States may, through the forces
now in operation, be permitted, at least for some
generations, to remain outside of the Union. It
evidently contemplates that time, or the whole
argument is weak. There is a considerable body
in this country that docs not want the Union if
they are to have it with slavery in any of the
States. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumneii] represents that idea in the other end of
the Capitol. It has many representatives m this
Hall. They contemplate the time when it will
be, perhaps, necessary to recognize the independ-
ence of the cotton States or to admit them into the
Union with slavery in theii constitutions. The.se
men would much prefer to have the eight northern
grain-growing slave States in the Union, and to
compel them to emancipation, in accordance with
the law of the irrepressible conflict, since Union
and slavery cannot exist together in their opin-
ion. They would rather see these cotton States
go out of the Union and their independence recog-
nized, than see them come back with their former
rights and the institution of slavery in their midst.
They are cultivated men—men of intellect. They
know emancipation in the cotton States is simply
an absurdity—a physical, natural, commercial,
and moral absurdity and impossibility. It cannot
be done. There is not power enough in the world
to compel it to be done. An attempt to do it would
only render their return to the Union utterly hope-
less. This class ofpoliticians, I say, would rather
have the eight grain-growing slave States with
emancipation initiated, than have the cotton States
back here with slavery in them.
That class of men has been for thirty years
back politically insignificant, until the follies and
the crimes of those wicked men now in rebellion
raised it into importance. They had no power
of themselves, but their enemies gave them the
advantage. Before the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, they could muster eight thousand
votes in the State of Ohio, and I do not know how
many in your State, sir, the State of Indiana, but
very few there or elsewhere. They were utterly
unimportant in influence and numbers, although
respectable in intellect. Should the slave States
be brought back to their allegiance, this class would
again lose power and subside into their former
insignificance. They dread it. The crimes and
follies of those men of the South who precipitated
this war have alone made these men now too pow-
erful in the Government. And to-day we have
the restoration of John C. Fremont to his military
command, over a portion of Kentucky, too, a State
which despises him, reeking, as he is, with fraud
and corruption, with the death of Lyon—hero of
the war—and the capture of Mulligan on his skirts.
With these charges against him untried, he is ap-
pointed to the command of the " mountain depart-
ment" and McClellan restricted to the command
of the Potomac, and Bucll and Rosecrans and Gar-
field and Grant, and all the proven soldiers of the
war overslaughed, as it were. All this thing shows
that, this day, that class of men to whom I have
alluded, and that political idea to which I have
alluded, are and is all powerful in the administra-
tion of the Government; and I, for one, cannot
give my confidence to it under these circumstances.
I do not wish to vote it, without question and
without limitation or inquiry, taxes to carry on
this war for dangerous ends. I am for the war
for the Union in all its length and breadth, and
the necessary means to support it. I am for the
Union from the lakes to the Gulf, and from ocean
to ocean.
Mr. HICKMAN, If the gentleman will allow
me to interiupt him 
Mr. WADSWORTH. I cannot yield now. I
have but three minutes left, and wish to conclude.
Air. HICKMAN. I merely wish to say this,
in justice to the gentleman. I understand that he
abstained from some remarks because I was not
here. I am now here. I merely wish to announce
my presence.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have the greatest re-
spect for the constituency of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; and if I had time 1 would permit
him to intennpt i$ie.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have nothing to say ex-
cept to announce my presence; and any lenmrks
which the gentleman desires to make m my pres-
ence, I am ready to hear.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If the committee will
extend my time, 1 will pay my respects to the
gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has five minutes left.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will the committee
extend my time a few minutes?
Objection was made.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says he is a man that does not
{ hang
on power.
No; lie would hang more
gracefully somewhere else. I was saying, Mr.
Chairman, that under these circumstances I can-
not give my confidence to the Administration.
But, still, I support it in the prosecution of ''the
war for the Union." I cannot cvci consent that
the cotton States shall go out of the Union—not
one of them. And you, people of the free States,
must never make up your minds to let them go.
If you do, we will not stay with you. I tell you
that you must contend for " 54° 40' " or—sur-
render something else. Let no abolition scheme
of that kind find lodgement for a moment in your
breasts. The people of the country have no sym-
pathy with it. We depend, Mr. Chairman, on the
loyal masses of all the States for assistance and
protection during the prosecution of this war,
and for the icstoration of all those States to their
former constitutional position. We appeal to
noithern ntc-n; we appeal to the Democrats of the
North, and the old Whigs of the North, and ask
them to protect us until we can appeal to the peo-
ple of the North and South once more in the new
elections, for a majority more in accord with what
we believe to be the substantialmterests and senti-
ments of the country than is the majority which
now uots over us heie. Protect us till that time.
We will never desert you, m the council cham-
ber or in the field. Wo will always be your
friends and fellow-countrymen. We have let the
other slave States go away to stay with you, and
here we are, " naked to our enemies." Even our
conservative friends in the Republican party for-
getus and forsake us. With seven hundred thou-
sand men in the field, and taxes to maintain them,
wielded by a remorseless enemy to us, we are
powerless and hopeless both, unless the conserva-
tive sentiment of the people of the country arise
with suddenness, and in thunder tones direct the
Representatives of the people here to sustain the
failing energies of the President.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I was not
of those who objected to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky stating his reasons why, as a Representative
of the people, he could not favor the bill now be-
fore the committee' 
Mr. MENZIES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman desire
me to yield to him ?
Mr. MENZIES. I do not desire to interrupt
the gentleman; but I desire to make a statement,
lest I might be misunderstood, from the declara-
tion which I made here on a former occasion in
this connection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MENZIES. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
repeat now what I stated on this floor on a former
occasion. It is this: there are hundreds of liv-
ing witnesses who heard me declare in my town,
before the late presidential election, in a public
speech, that should a separation of the States ever
take place, either temporary or permanent, that
the line of separation shall be south of Kentucky.
I now repeat that declaration, and say that I rep-
resent myself in making it, and I verily believe I
represent my constituents in making it. They
intend to stay under the Constitution, no matter
who may desert it. [Applause.]
Mr. WADSWORTH. Now, I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to say a word ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not like to be discour-
teous to the gentleman. 1 am willing to yield to
him if it is not to be taken out of my time; other-
wise I cannot yield.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object.
Mr. MENZIES. I will say that I have been
misundei stood.
Mr. YOORHEES. I rise to a question of order.
I am for perfect fairness. If the gentleman will
not yield to one gentleman from Kentucky, I ob-
ject to his yielding to the other.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me. I yielded to one gentleman upon precisely the
same condition that I yielded to the other.
Mr. YOORHEES. Then I beg the pardon of
the gentleman from Ohio, and withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to say in re-
spect to my colleague 
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object to any interrup-
tion, unless it is to come out of the lime of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I appeal to the gentle-
man. I allowed everybody to interrupt me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield, since objec-
tion has been made.
Mr. STEVENS. It is now four o'clock; if the
gentleman will yield, I will move that the com-
mittee lise.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to proceed with what I have to say.
Mr. Chairman, I recognize the right of every
Representative of the people to rise in his place
here, if he is so minded, and if it be according to
his convictions, when a bill is under considera-
tion to impose taxes upon the people to the ex-
tent of §100,000,000 or more, and oppose the bill
on the ground that he has no confidence in the
Administration, or any pait thereof.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman will
excuse me. I did not say that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will allow the gentleman
to make his corrections in the Globe. 1 used the
words which I took down from his lips—that he
had no confidence in the Administration or in any
part of it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not say that. X
said that I did not give the President my full con-
fidence. I said I expected to vote for the bill, but
that I would correct it if I could, so far as ielated
to the extension of these taxes for an indefinite
period.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am very glad to know that
the gentleman has confidence in the Administra-
