178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 30,
not a man on this' floor, I do not think there is a
boy here, who would not put himself at the head
of that school district and fight the Union on that
position. This allcgationhas been upon the stat-
ute-book long enough.
Another reason why that act should be repealed,
which has not heretofore existed—a reason which
more than any other has induced me to bring in
this bill at this time, and induces me to hope that
this repealing act will be allowed to pass unani-
mously—is this: those who framed the act of 1850,
those who advocated it most warmly and strenu-
ously, never intended but that the question of free-
dom and slavery, whether the individual claimed
owed service, ought to be fully and fairly tried
somewhere. Everybody said that. Buttheysaidit
is not safe to submit that question to the determ-
ination of the people in a free State. Let this cer-
tificate be obtained on an ex parte hearing; on that
let the individual claimed be removed* and when
he is removed to the State in which the claimant
resides, either the State of Florida, or Georgia, or
Texas, he can have a trial; there, if he challenges
a right to freedom, he can impanel a jury easier,
and be tried better, than he can in the free State
from which, he may be taken.
But, sir, that does not now hold, beggarly as it
is; for in every one of the States that own this
species of property, with the exception of Dela-
ware, Maryland, and Kentucky, there is no judic-
ature to which our citizens would be willing to
submit any right of person or property, and is it
proper—this is the question 1 submit to the Sen-
ate—that a law should longer be left on the stat-
ute-book which authorizes a citizen of Texas to
come here, or to send his agent or attorney here,
and take from our midst, from our very presence,
worthy people of these United States, a man or a
thing, anything which he claims as his property,
and remove it down to the State of Texas, orany
other State now in a state of revolution, that his
right to the property may be determined by the
courts there? Will you leave on the-statute-book
such authority as that? If not, let this act be
lepealed; and then the rights of the owners of
this kind of property, in those States which are
loyal to the United States, will be still under the
protection of the law of 1793. For these reasons,
I have asked the Senate to look upon this, not as
a party question, but as a measure that is due to
the character and the honor of the whole country,
and of every party in the country. These are
some of the reasons that lmve impelled me to
bring in this bill.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate then
adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 26, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAICERannounced thatMr. Shiel had
been appointed a member of the select committee
on the Pacific railroad, in place of Mr. Thayer,
declared not entitled to a seat as a member of this
House.
The SPEAKER also announced that Mr.
Knapp had been appointed a member of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, in place of
Mr. Carlile, resigned.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Secretary of War, submit-
ting estimates for expenses of building" corner of j
F and Fifteenth streets, in the city of Washing- [
ton,occupied for Surgeon General's and Paymas- J
ter General's offices; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to j
be printed.
NANCY ItlCE. j
Mr. DTJELL, by unanimous consent, intro- '
duced a bill for the relief of Nancy Rice, widow '
of Moses Rice, a soldier of the Revolution; which
was read a first and second time, and referred fo !
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. j
Mr. STEVENS. There lsevidently no quorum
present, and unless my friend from Minnesota ;
[Mr. Aldrich] shall consider it a hardship in j
cutting him off from the liberty of finishing his :
speech, [laughter,] I will move that the House
adjourn. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (athalf
past twelve o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 30, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
O Thou, just Ruler of the world, in this hour
of our trial, when domestic treason stabs at the
nation's heart, and foreign arrogance is embold-
ened to defeat the public justice of the world, we
ask help of Thee for our rulers and our people,
that we may patiently, resolutely, and with one
heart abide our time; for it is indeed a day of dark-
ness and reproach—a day when the high princi-
ple of human equity, constrained by the remorse-
less sweep of physical and armed force, must for
the moment succumb under the plastic forms of
soft diplomacy. Yet, in the face of this, will we
not be shaken in our conviction that Thou art
ever with him who, in the interest of human lib-
erty and the Christian faith, by all the means in
his power works righteousness and defends the
truth; and that in such a cause Thou wilt approve
and seal the
i( Patient search and vigtl long
Of iiim who treasuies up a wrong."
0 God, give to this our nation honesty, unity,
and courage; bring this unnatural rebellion to a
speedy end; and then prepare us to assert upon a
broader scale, and with a vaster force, the inalien-
able rights and responsibilities of man; through
Josus Christ. Amen.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, de- .
clining to furnish the correspondence between !
Lieutenant General Scott and Major General Pat-
ten-son, called for by the resolution of the Senate
of the 17th instant, upon the ground that it would
not be compatible with the public mteiest at this
time to do so.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the communica-
tion was referred to the joint committee in regard
to the conduct of the war.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Abel
S.Rice and others, citizens of Steuben county,
New York, praying for the passage of a law im-
mediately abolishing slavery in all the seceded
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of J. P. Wick-
ersham and others, citizens of Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the enactment of a law,
under the war power, for the total abolition of
slavery throughout the country; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Massachusetts, residing respectively in the towns
of Cambridge, Westpoi t, and Trentham,in favor
of the immediate emancipation of slaves under the
war power.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of citizens
of Audubon county, Iowa, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a national armory at Rock Island,
Illinois; which was oidered to lie on the table.
He also presented various petitions of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the establishment of the fol-
lowing post routes m that State: from Dalma-
nutha, Guthrie county, to Carrollton, Carroll
county; from Clayton to McGregor; from Coun-
cil Bluffs to Dcnison ,via CresccntCity, Fair View,
Harris Grove, Jeddo, Olmstead, and Mantmo;
from Corydon to Oceola; from Clarinda to Hol-
lyville, via Gravity, Lexington, and Marshall;
from Gienwood to Nebraska City; from Cedar
Falls, by Jefferson City, Frederica, Henry Mills,
and Williamstown, to New Hampton; from Wa-
verly to Shell Rock; and from Hook's Point via
Saratoga to Webster City; which were leferred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Erastus
Hutchms, of Morgan county. Ohio, praying that
his pension may be increased, and that it may
commence from the presentation of his petition in
1857, instead of from the passage of the act for
his relief in 1860; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of G. A.
Gaylord and others, of Torrington, Connecticut,
for the abolition of slavery throughout the coun-
try, under the war power; which was referred to
the Committee on tlie Judiciary.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of
Thomas Goodwin and others, citizens of Astoria,
Oregon, protesting against the removal of the cus-
tom-house from that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Dungan and one hundred and fifty others,
citizens of Crawfordsville, Washington county,
Iowa, praying for the passage of a law calling on
all the inhabitants of the United States of all con-
ditions, bond and free, to aid in the support of the
Government, assured of its protection under the
flag of our national Union and freedom; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of A. S. Rose-
crans and others, citizens of Iowa, praying for
the establishment of a national armory at Rock
Island, Illinois; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
CAPTAIN THOMAS JORDAN.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
requested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the
charges existing agamst Captain Thomas Jordan, quarter-
master's depaitmentof the Umtud Slates Army, at the time
of hK resignation ; also the amount, If any, due fiom the
paid Joidan to the United States Government at the time of
lus ie*ignation ; al&o the amount ot the said Captain Jor-
dan's bonds to the United States as assistant qnartetmas-
ter, together with the names and residences of his bonds-
men, and the reasons for accepting said resignation.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 134) declaring certain persons to he alien
enemies, forfeiting their property to the United
States, and creating a lien on said property in
favor of loyal persons to indemnify them for such
damages as they may have sustained by the ex-
isting war of rebellion; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested by some
of the citizens ofthe District of Columbia to intro-
duce a bill which I have never read. I ask leave to
introduce it, merely for the purpose of reference.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 135) to quiet titles in the
District of Columbia; and it was read by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no business before
the Senate, I will move an adjournment. I under-
stand that an order has already passed the Senate
that when we adjourn to-day it be to Thursday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the order
of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 30, ]8tSI.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
TRANSPORTATION 01? TROOPS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in answer
to the resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 19th of December, calling for information
in reference to the transportation of troops, &c.;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LOYALTY OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he
is heieby, iequested to furnish, without any unnecessary
delay, to the committee of investigation on the disloyalty of
