1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3123
were sent out through the town, and negroes were caught
wherever they could be found, and taken to a place of ren-
dezvous, in many instances being driven at the point of the
bayonet, bellowing lustily, the tears streaming down their
cheeks. Tn other eases, they were found sccreted under
their bed.**, and had to be taken out andiiirced from the anus
ot their screaming companions. The *aifte sccnes weieen-
acted on almost every plantation on the bland. Some three
or four hundred being collected, they were driven on boaid
a transport at the vvhaif to leave their homes, many of them,
no doubt, forever, the women in many cases praying God to
send them back to their old masters, as they were much less
cruoj than their present ones. If the negro in this country
has a greater horror for one thing than another, it is a gun.
You nsk them if they do not want to help to put down their
old masteis, and they tell you,('fore God, massa, we can't
shoot—gun make we faint; can'tstand'fore white man,no
how, he shoot us 'fore we see him; we biakefortheswainp
sure, massa.' No pen orsketeh cangive you atrue idea of
the scenes we saw, and I will not try. The artists of the New
York illustrated papeia were on the giound taking sketches,
as also the repouers of the pre?-* generally, and every woid
that they may say will be true, lor the scene cannot be
painted up to the icahty.
k< Tell the friends of the Constitution in Michigan, if this
war is to be turned into a crusad'* against any part of our
country, and if we are asked or expected to stand shoulder
to shoulder on an equality with the negro, as a soldier, the
legiuientheremaybe reckoned out; for every officer, from
the highest to the lowest, will throw up their commissions
and rettrefrom the service. There Is such astorin brewing
here that F think the whole thing will be abandoned, and
the negro be again used as he has been—to do the drudgery
in the Army, unloading vessels, making breastworks, in
short, using him anywhere to save a white man's muscle,
except with a gun. Thirty thousand of them would be
whipped by five hundred white men."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask for the name of the
writer of that letter.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not know his name.
Perhaps General Hunter could give it to the gen-
tleman. It is not in the paper from which that
letter is taken. The letter was written to the De-
troit Free Press, and it purports to come from an
officer in a Michigan regiment, and 1 take it to be
prima facie evidence of the fact, because the same
thing has been communicated to me verbally by
gentlemen.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The gentleman from
Kentucky stated that he did not know what were
the politics of the Detroit Free Press. I desire
simply to inform him.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I reckon it was opposed
to you. I know nothing about its politics, and I
do not care.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. In the expose of the
designs of the " order of the Knights of the Golden
Circle," which was published "in Kentucky last
winter, and has been furnished me by a member
of the delegation fiom that State, the Detroit Free
Picss is put down as one of the northern papers
upon which they relied.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My dear sir, I have not
yielded the floor to you to make that statement,
i want order here, Mr. Speaker. [Laughter,] The
gentleman cannot wedge a speech into mine. I
do not want it put down by the reporter. I pro-
test against it.
I am very happy to find that gentlemen opposite
are not quite as well pleased now as I am told they
were when John Brown's, I mean Hunter's letter
was read. I beg his pardon, but I keep calling
him John Brown. What is his name?
A Member. David.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Now,sir, while I am upon
the subject of the recruiting service, 1 desire to
present, for the examination of the House and the
reflection of the Secretary of War, the list of offi-
cers appointed by this man of Port Royal; and I
want to know of this House by what authouty
lie had the right to appoint colonels, majors,cap-
tains, &c., and to muster them into the service of
the United States. I ask the Clerk to read the
list which I send up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Colonel—Arthur M. Kinsey, of Chicago, Illinois, a ne-
phew ot Geneial Iluntei, and one of the lieutenants of his
staflf.
Adjutant—Thomas K. Dunham, of New York, recently
adjutant's* clerk in the volunteer engineers.
duartcimaster—llemy West, quartermaster seigeatit in
the one hundredth Pemi-ylvama.
Captain of Company A—Charles Trowbridge, sergeant
in the volunteer engineers. Sccond lieutenant—J. A.
Trowbridge.
Captain of Company B—John D. B, Goddard, sergeant
in the engineers. Fust Lieutenant—R. M. Gaston, ser-
geant in the one hundredth Pennsylvania. Second Lieu-
tenant—E. F. Oliver, private in the one hundredth Penn-
sylvania.
Captain Company C—James Harold, sergeant in the en-
gineers. Fust Lieutenant—William IJamelson, seigeant
in the fifty-eighth New York. Second Lieutenant—^George
D. Walker, corporal in the engineers.
Captain of Company D—W. J. Randolph, sergeant in the
one hundredth Pennsylvania. Second Lieutenant—J. F.
Johnson, private in the one hundiedth Pennsylvania.
Captain of Company E—R. W. Weller, sergeant in the
one hundredth Pennsylvania. First Lieutenant—Luther J.
Riggs, private m the first Connecticut battery.
Captain of Company F—Robert Hamilton, sergeant in
the one hundredth Pennsylvania.
Captain of Company G—W. B. Churchill, sergeant in
the engineers.
Captain of Company II—William James, sergeant in-the
one hundredth Pennsylvania. First Lieutenant—Charles
S. Vehon, corporal in the one hundredth Pennsylvania.
Second Lieutenant—James Pomeroy, puvatc m the one
hundredth Pennsylvania.
Captain of Company I—E. H. Case, sergeant in the en-
gineers. Fast Lieutenant—I. F. Stickle, seigeant in the
engineers.
Captain of Company K—Joseph Brown, seigeant in the
seventy-sixth Pennsylvania. First Lieutenant—Thomas
L. McGlathery, private in the seventy-sixth Pennsylvania.
Mr. ENGLISH. Only one of these officeis is
from New England.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Only one from New Eng-
land! Well, I do not care where they are from.
They have no business there. [Laughter.] Nor
had the man who appointed them any business
where he is. He had better have been preparing
his men to prevent the defeat of the arms of the
United States and the retreat from James Island
than tinkering with negro regiments. He paraded
them as a splendid exhibition before the crew of
a captured French ship—captured in an attempt to
run the blockade. They were brought forth in uni-
form, and exhibited as an evidence of the great
strength and power that this Government pos-
sessed, and could and would wield to put down
this rebellion. Sir, I have said here, and I have
said elsewhere, that if the white man is not able
to protect his Government, if the twenty million
freemen are not able to put down this rebel-
lion, make the acknowledgment at once, and let
us understand what you intend to do; let it be un-
derstood that for want of sufficient power on the
part of the white men of this country, they have
to resort to themiserable policy of taking runaway
negroes, and forcing them at the point of the bay-
onet into the military sei vice. Let it be understood
abroad that the bright escutcheon of power and
glory and patriotism and valor which has cov-
ered this Republic for more than half a century,
is stained with black.
1 take occasion to answer here what I hear float-
ing about in some circles, that General Jackson
employed negroes in his army at New Orleans.
There is a population of quadroons there who are
not Africans. They form a distinct order of so-
ciety in that city, possessing estate, education,
property, and civil rights. He employed that
class and they fought like freemen, but he had no
negroes as soldiers. He impressed some with
their wagons and carts to aid in making breast-
works and hauling bales of cotton from the ware-
houses; and during the siege one negro man, driv-
ing a cart and belonging to an old French lady,
whose name I do not recollect, and if I did could
not pronounce, was killed, and this Government
was guilty of the sin of recognizing that negio us
property pressed into the service and paid for it
accordingly. That was the extent of General
Jackson }s employment of negroes.
Mr. Speaker, we were asked for four hundred
thousand volunteers m July last. We gave five
hundred thousand, and an increase of twenty-five
thousand to the regular Army, if I recollect the
number aright. If the Administration had asked
for double the number they would have been
granted by law,and if now more are needed and
asked for, they would be granted. Ali necessary to
maintain the dignity and power of this Govern-
ment and restore it to its wonted union and hap-
piness will be freely voted by Congress. When,
early in December last, I applied at headquarters,
desiring to have organized what I believed was
absolutely necessary for the quiet and safety of
the State of Kentucky after the army should move,
a home guard to watch the passes between Vir-
ginia and Tennessee and Kentucky, I was told
that I would have to come to Congress; I did
come to Congress, but I did not know then that,
instead of having five hundred thousand volun-
teers in the field and upon the pay roll, we had a
much larger number—six hundred and ninety-two
thousand. I take it for granted that the Consti-
tution, among its grants, gives to Congress the
exclusive power of making war, of providing the
material, and organizing or providing the number
of soldiers that shall be employed and constitute
the Army, I was thetefore utterly astonished
| when the chairman of the Committee o£ Ways
and Means presented a bill here at this session
making an appropriation, I think, of about thirty
million dollars deficiency for the payment of vol-
unteers, and when I inquired of him the reason
of this great deficiency, he produced a statement
showing that there were six hundred and ninety-
six thousand volunteers in the service, one hun-
dred and ninety-six thousand more than the law
authorized. I do not say that the President has
callcd out too many, for I learn that he wants
more, and that we shall need more. I think that
this idea of inviting the border States to free their
negroes has not scared the South. I do not think
your confiscation bill has freed the negroes, or
scared the South. I wish we had more troops at
this time, and that they could be placed where I
think they ought to be, and thus we might save
much of human life and end this war. But, sir,
I fear the policy of dividing General McClelland
command has proved fatal to complete success.
When I see a violation of the Constitution in the
enlistment of an army of one hundred and ninety-
six thousand more men than Congress has au-
thorized, I am bound to condemn it. Gentlemen
say that perhaps I am not right. I will put my-
self right upon the record.
The bill approved on the 22d of July authorized
the reception of five hundred thousand volunteers
only, in corps such as the President might direct,
and provided that they were to be drawn from the
Slates according to population. After the passage
of that bill, the disaster occurred at Bull Run. On
the 31st of July a bill to provide for the payment
of the musicians in the volunteer regiments came
up before this House. The House will recollect
that when the disaster at Bull Run occurred the
tune of many of the regiments had expired. It
was thought that if the system provided in the first
bill was observed, the delay in organizing the
Army might prove dangerous. It would be well
to furnish the Piesident with an opportunity of
receiving fiom all or any of the States, without
waiting for their apportionment, such volunteers as
might rush to the relief of the country at that time
of need. Hence the provision was incorporated
in the bill authorizing the President, in accept-
ing and organizing volunteers—what volunteers?
"Such volunteers, without previous proclamation,
and in such numbers from any State or States, as
in his discretion the public service may require."
Any State might furnish more than its quota, and
the President was authotized to accept the troops
furnished. But neither he nor any other member
of the Government was authorized by that or
by any other law, to accept more than five hun-
dred thousand men as volunteers. I felt it a duty
which all owe to the country and to the Execu-
tive not to ccnsurepr condemn the act, but so far
as we could by legislation to legalize it. I drew
up a bill to that elfect, as we had received them,
and paid them, and now needed them. I proposed
that they should remain as a part of the volunteer
force, thus legalizing the act by approbation on
the part of the law-making power, bat I provided
in that bill that the force of the volunteer corps
should be limited to the number then in service,
unless further authority from the Congress of the
United States was given by legislation. That bill
was referied to the Committee on Military Affairs,
but 1 have not heard of it since, and 1 suppose
I never shall. I was prepared to voce for it. If
the Government wanted more volunteers than
the six hundred and ninety-two thousand then
in service, I was then willing to vote for their ac-
ceptance; but I am unwilling to see violated the
Constitution which I have taken an oath to sup-
port. I am unwilling to see the military arm of
the country strengthen itself by its own power in
violation of the Constitution. I would not do it
even if George Washington was alive and at the
head of the Government. If I were myself qual-
ified and the President, I would not exercise such
power if Congress did not give me authority- The
Constitution cannot be preserved if we violate it
and protect its violation by others who are re-
sponsible. It is our province to see that the Con-
stitution is obeyed by all who have taken an oath
to support it.
I understand that it has been decided that under
this law the Government has a right to reccive a
million of soldiers—that each bill gives authority
to raise five hundred thousand men. I do notknow
who gave the construction; it could not be the
