1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21m
gard to a contingent fund, I suppose that a bureau
should keep within the limit assigned by Con-
gress for its contingencies, or else give some spe-
cial reason why it is insufficient. We may be
called upon at any time to make these appropri-
ations to any extent on such general statements.
However, it is for the Senate to decide whether
more shall be given. I do not know enough about
it to contest it. If the money is absolutely needed,
I suppose the Senate will vote it.
Mr. WILKINSON. A considerable portion
of this money has been expended in consequence
of the difficulties that have arisen growing out of
this war, for the benefit of those Indians who have
been run out from the southern Indian territory,
and driven away from their homes in consequence
of their loyalty to this Government. The Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs called the attention of
the Department ef the Interior to this matter at
an early day; and I wish to have the letter of the
Commissioner read, in which he called the atten-
tion of the Department of the Interior to this diffi-
culty some time ago.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, May 30,1861.
Sir: I desire again to call your attention, and through
you that ol the War Department, to what seems to me the
necessity of sending a military force into the Indian coun-
tiy west of Arkansas. My information from the tribes in
that country is to the effect that extraordinary efforts are
making by emissaries fro in the so-called southern confed-
eracy to induce the Indians in that country to unite their
destinies with them, and take up arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States, and that a majority of these
Indians arc disposed to be true to their allcgiancc to the
Government; but, as is found to be the case in some of the
bolder slave States, this majority is overawed by the mi-
nority, who band together to make war on the legitimate
Govouimont. Experience lias shown that in all such cases
the pie^ence of even a small force of Federal troops located
in the disaffected States has had the effect to preserve tl*e
peace, cncouiage the fuends of the Union, and induce the
people to jcturu to their allegiance.
That this same lesult would be produced in the Indian
country I cannot doubt, as ttieycan have no inducement
to unite with the enemies of the United State*, unless we
lad as a nation to give them that protection guarantied by
our tieaty stipulations, and which is necessary to prevent
designing «md i'Vil-du.postd persons ftoni having fiee inter-
com • <  wxth them to work out their evil purposes.
i n^ain repeat that my conviction is, thatanulitary force
of two or three thousand men located in the Indian terri-
toiy, near the holders of Arkansas and Texas, would have
the effect to secure the neutiality of the Indian tribes in
our southern superintendency, besides having a salutaty
Wluct upon the Slates mentioned; and that unless this
course is adopted by the Government, we shall soon find it
impossible to maintain our agencies with the Choctaws,
Chickasaws, Creeks, and othei tribes on our noithern bor-
ders, and incur the danger of having many thousands of
these savage wairiors in arms against our people. Our
duty, under treaty stipulations, lequires that we protect
these tribes from the mischievous intermeddling of white
pot-sons without their boiders, and our inteiest, as well as
that of the Indians, it seems to me, demands that steps
should be taken to secure peaceable relations with them.
I have the honor to remain, veiy respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, WILTJAM P. DOLE,
Commissioner.
Hon. Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WILKINSON. If that advice of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, which was given as
early as May 30, 1861, had been followed, this
difficulty among the Indians in the West would
not have occurred. He called the attention of the
Department of the Interior to the danger that ex-
isted among those Indians, more than a year ago.
It may be that the Government was unable to fol-
low his advice; perhaps we wanted more troops
than we then had; but, in consequence of his ad-
vice not being followed, the Commissioner was
obliged to expend aconsiderable amount of money,
drawn from his contingent fund, in taking care of
those Indians. He went himself to Kansas to look
after them. He also sent an agent, prompted by
the highest considerations of Christianity and hu-
manity, to look after those Indians, who were
entirely destitute in the middle of winter, frozen,
and starving to death. In consequence of this
extraordinary condition of things the contingent
fund was exhausted, and I think it is no more
than right that the request of this faithful officer
should be regarded with some degree of consid-
eration by the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senate will
agree to the amendment. I have no doubt the
Department is under the necessity ofhaving this
fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be lead a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 425) to incorporate the Guardian
Society and reform juvenile offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
A bill (No. 467) prescribing the qualifications
of attorneys and solicitors in the courts of the
United States, and in the District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (No. 71) providing for the
distribution of surplus copies of the Blue Book
for 1861 among the several bureaus in the exec-
utive department.
A joint resolution (No. 72) transferring the
supervision of the Potomac water works to the
Department of the Interior.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 211) to authorize the corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes.
A bill (No. 240) to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in primary schools throughout
the county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown.
A bill (No. 271) prescribing the qualification of
electors in the ,cities of Washington and George-
town, in the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 290) providing for the education of
colored children in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
A bill (No. 304) to authorize the appointment
of medical storekeepers and chaplains of hospitals.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 222) to pro-
vide for the codification and revision of the laws
of the District of Columbia, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Plouses
on the bill of the House (No. 125) tosecuie home-
steads to actual settlers on the publicdomain,and
to provide a bounty for soldiers in lieu of grants
of the public lands.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 259) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Charles P. Ruff, of the United
States Army; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 425) to incorporate the Guardian
Society and reform juvenile offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia—to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
A bill (No. 467) prescribing the qualifications
of attorneys and solicitors in the courts of the
United States and in the District of Columbia—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 71) providing for the
distribution of surplus copies of the Blue Book
for 1861 among the several bureaus in the exec-
utive department—to the Committee on the La-
bi ary.
A joint resolution (No. 72) transferring super-
vision of Potomac waterworks to the Department
of the Interior—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
CODIFICATION OF DISTRICT LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments to the biil of the Senate (No. 222) to pro-
vide for tile codification and icvision of the laws
of the Distiictuf Columbia. The first amendment
of the House was m the fifth line of the first sec-
tion, lo strike out the words " a suitable person,'5
and to insert in lieu thereof the words (t three
suitable persons."
The next amendment was to strike out all of
the second section after the enacting clause, in the
following words;
That the person who shall be thus appointed shall render
a final report of his revision and codification to Congress
on or before the 10th day of May next.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That the persons who shall be thusappointed shallren3er.
a final report of their revision and codification to Congress
on or before the fiist Monday of December next. • -
The amendments were concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE JIOUSJS.-, t
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced thatthe
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 73) re-
lating to the time of holding the second session of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Col-
orado; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the following bills of the House:
A bill (No. 388) making appropriations to re-
imburse the contingent fund of the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, including compensa-
tion of additional clerks, who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal year
and for the year ending June 30, 1863; and
A bill (No. 446) supplementary to an act ap-
proved on the 30th July, 1861, entitled " An act
to provide for the collection of duties on imports,
and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 479) to
amend an act entitled " An act making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1863," approved April 17, 1862; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Also, that the House had passed the joint res-
olution of the Senate (No. 75) to confirm the
opinion of the Court of Claims adverse to.the claim
of Thomas R Graham.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company; and
it was signed by the President pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 479) to amend an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1863," approved April
17, 1862, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance,
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON AND REBELLION.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
310) to suppress insurrection, and to punish trea-
son and rebellion, and for other purposes, reported
from the special committee on the subject of con-
fiscation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have only to say with
regard to that, that 1 do not wish to throw any
obstacles in the way of any bill that any gentle-
man has; but if that bill is not taken up by the
Senate at the present time, I shall move, as 1 rose
to move, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the tax bill. I intended to move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill yesterday;
but on account of the pressure of other business
I was delayed. It is for the Senate to judge be-
tween them. Both of the bills are important; but
in the position that I occupy, 1 deem it my im-
perative duty to ask the Senate, at this late day,
to proceed to the consideration of the tax bill. If
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
fails, I shall make the motion. I feel that I must
call for the yeas and nays on the motion to take
up this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will not feel
inclined to push the motion to take up the tax bill
at the present time. This bill has been reported
by the special committee with considerablc*una-
mmity, and it is desirable that it should be passed
early, i think we can dispose of it in a short
time, as most Senators have expressed their minds
pretty freely and explicitly on the subject, and I
think the debate will, perhaps, be mainly confined
to the provisions of the bill; and as this is towards
