1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
Mr. Chairman, I am tired of the supercilious
air with which gentlemen assail as violators of
the Constitution and enemies of the Union the
friends of every measure which is exclusively
for the common defense, or which proposes to
condemn the property and liberate the slaves of
armed rebels. Wherein do we violate the Con-
stitution, pray? The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wabsivorth,] when I had the honor to ad-
dress this House before on these great questions,
that to wer aboveall other questions to-day because
they touch the preservation and safety of the Re-
public, seemed to be filled with a holy horror be-
cause I ventured to assert m my place here that
the four millions of slaves held by half a million
of armed rebels, and by whose unpaid toil their
atrocious rebellion is sustained, ought to be lib-
erated, and protected, too, if they would seek shel-
ter under the flag of American liberty.
As the gentleman then and now has chosen to
assail me for this, I may be pardoned for calling
his attention to the inquiry, what further did I say
in that connection on that day and in the hearing
of the gentleman? I said that every loyal citizen
in this land held his life, his property, his home,
and the children of his house a sacred trust for the
common defense. Did that remark excite any hor-
ror in the gentleman's mind? Not at all. I under-
took, in my humble way, to demonstrate that, by
the very letter and spirit of the Constitution, you
had a right to lay the lives and the property and
the homes,the very hearthstones of the honestand
the just and the good, under contribution by law
that the Republic might live. Did that remark
excite any abhorrence in the gentleman, or any
threat that fifteen slave States would be combined
agamstus? Not at all. I stated in my place just
as plainly that by your law you might for the com-
mon defense not only take the father of the house,
but the eldest born of his house to the tented field
by force of yourconscription, if need be, and sub-
ject him to the necessary despotism of military
rule, to the pestilence of the camp, and the destruc-
tion of the battle-field. And yet the gentleman
was not startled with the horrid vision of a violated
Constitution, and there burst from his indignant
lips no threat that if we did this there would be a
union of fifteen slave States against the Federal
despotism. I asserted in my place, fuithei, that
after you had taken the father and his eldest born
away, and had given them both to death a sacri-
fice for their country, you could, by the very terms
of the Constitution, take away the shelter of the
roof-tree which his own hands had reared for the
protection of the wife and the children that were
left behind, and quarter your soldiers beneath it,
that the Republic might live. And yet the gentle-
man saw no infraction of the Constitution, and
made no threat of becoming the armed ally of the
rebellion. But the moment that I declared iny con-
viction that the publicexigencies andthepublicne-
cessities lequired, that the Constitution and the
oaths of the peoples' Repiesentatives required, that
by your law—the imperial mandate of the people
—the proclamation of liberty should go forth over
all that rebel region, declaring that every slave in
the service of these infernal conspirators against
your children and mine, against your homes and
mine, againstyour Constitution and mine, against
the sacred graves ef your kindred and mine, shall
be free, the gentleman rises startled with the hor-
rid vision of broken fetters and libeiated bond-
men, treason overthrown, and a country redeem-
ed, regenerated, and forever reunited, and cries,
no, this shall not be; fifteen States will combine
against you. Slavery is the civilizer; you shall
neither denounce it as an <( infernal atrocity" nor
overthrow it to save the Union. I repeat the word
which so moved the gentleman from his pro-
priety, that chattel slavery is an " infernal atro-
city." I thank God that I'learned to lisp it atmy
mother's knee. It is a logical sequence, sir, dis-
guise it as you may, from that golden rule which
was among the first utterances of oil of us," what-
soever ye would that men should do unto you,
do ye even so unto them." And yet men are
dragged away from the land of their nativity under
pretense of civilizing them, subjected to the hor-
rors of the middle passage, reduced to the condi-
tion of chattels in a strange land, where it is made
a crime by statute to teach them the grand stir-
ring words of John Milton, " Give me the liberty
to know, to argue, and to utter freely, according to
conscience, above all libeities;" words worthy
to bo spoken by him who walked in his singing
robes immortal, without tasting death; words fit
to be told and interpreted to every man, that he
has a conscience, a right to know his duty, and a
right to do it. Milton, for teaching this and like
lessons to men centuries ago, has been enrolled
among the immortals. Milton, for teaching itto-
day in that vast rebel district of confederate con-
spirators, would be doomed to the dungeon or the
scaffold by the code of this " infernal atrocity."
Mr. WADSWORTH. Do you say that is the
case in Kentucky?
Mr. BINGHAM. I say it is the case incotton-
dom, in the Dahomey of America. I am not
speaking of Kentucky; I am speaking of the sla-
very and the slave code of the cotton States, which
the gentleman says we must keep in the Union
with their slavery, or Kentucky will not stay.
When she throws off her allegiance to the Union
and joins this rebel carnival of blood, 1 will speak
of her as she d_eserves to be spoken of. I trust in
God that day* will not come, when Kentucky,
rather than see the Consitution and Union saved
by the liberation of the slaves of rebels, will seek
to destroy the Union to save slavery. Why, sir,
the very fact that the gentleman has intimated such
a result as possible to flow from such a measure
of justice ought to teach the gentleman himself
that a system which could drive a Commonwealth
to such an act of wickedness is an " infernal atro-
city." Kentucky to leave the Union or to band
with traitors against the Union if we proclaim that
system abolished in the eleven rebel States which
declares it a crime punishable by indictment and
imprisonment to teach a living being the alphabet
of his native tongue; to teach him to know that
he isaman,and nota boast; to teach him to know
that his soul is his own, and that he has a right to
enjoy the fruits of his own toil; to teach him to
know that there is oven a God, or a hereafter' 
Mr. WADSWORTH. Some white folks do
not seem to know that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Perhaps so; but does the
gentleman apply the remark to mo?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not apply ltto you.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am glad to know it, sir.
Yes, sir; you must expect fifteen slave'StfUes to
wage war upon the Union, if you intcifeie with
theiebel's light to his slave, or with the rebel's
code that it shall be held and punished a crimo to
whisper to his slave—there is a God that takes
notice even of the sparrow's fall, and hears the
young raven when it cries for food, and sometimes
condescends to clothe with superhuman power
the good light arm of an outiaged man when he
strikes for the liberty of himself, Ins wife, and
children. To-day, sir, these rebels in arms, who
have forfeited all lights, save the right to a gal-
lows, doom four millions of men to chains and
slavery; subject them to sale in market overt, like
the ox; say to the father: "Your little child that
prattles its lisping words upon your knee, is only
our chattel, and will be sold with our pigs next
market day," and the mother of your children
shall be sold to another. The victims ofthis infer-
nal atrocity are the native-born children of this
land; and yet are held by these rebels to wage war
upon you. Their rights in their slaves must not
be touched, or you violate the Constitution. I
stand by my words, and denounce the system an
infernal atrocity.
I speak in the spirit of one of the noble men of
Virginia (formerly a Representative here) who,
in his place a long time ago, said he looked with
seorn and contempt on the northern man who
could get up and interpose any apology for sla-
very. He said he would at any time go a mile to
kick a sheep. 1 believe he would have gone as far
to kick a noithern pro-slavery flunkey. He had
no respect for a northern flunkey, these gentiy
who whisper with white lips, they come, they
come, when the an.jel of liberty, beautiful and im-
mortal, shakes the door of the prison house in
which men charged and chargeable with no crime
are buried alive.
Your Constitution is no respecter of persons:
it forges no fetters for the guiltless; it sanctions
no unjust tyranny over the mind or body of man.
And yet, sir, by that Constitution my friend who
stands near me, m the pride of his manhood, may
be summoned to the battle-field_that his countiy
may not die, that its free Constitution may live;
the child of his house, the hope and pride of his
life, may be required to follow with unequal steps.
his father's martial tread to the same field of hon-
orable death; the house and home which he leaves
behind him a shelter and a refuge for his wife and
children, may be required to be given up in the
hour of the nation's peril; and yet my friend is
to be mocked with the ribald jest that the atro-
cious institution of slavery is more sacred than his
life and the life of his son and the home of his
wife and children. Such argument, come whence
it may, is simply vulgarity—blasphemy against
the divine beauty of life. The slave pen and the
barracoon more sacred than the free home and the
hearthstone! Judge them, sir, by their fruits.
From the households of the free, from the hearth-
stone of the free, that nursery of all that is great,
or beautiful, or good in human character, come
the mighty body-guard of mankind, the world's
elect, who have made the scaffold and the cross
glorious, and have wrought out and brought in,
not without suffering and martyrdom, that bril-
liant civilization in which we live—the boast of
our country, and the boast of the Christian world;
while from the slave pen and the barracoon of the
slaver, has come that fell influence, the infernal
sorcery, which has driven one half of this Re-
public mad, and converted the people thereof into
armed trai torn against a Government that has done
them no wrong, but has hitherto crowned their lives
with blessings and benefits; the only return for
which is a treason with no parallel save that first
treason, the revolt of the fallen angels against the '
God who made them. Sir, there is not even a col-
orable excuse for these traitors and their treason.
There had been in no instance an injury or hurt
threatened or done to them or theirs by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The only question really in issue is whether the
majority in this Republic shall rule. That is the
question to be decided by this conflict of arms. I
take it to be a well-settled principle of this Gov-
ernment that the majority shall rule. In pursu-
ance of that principle, the majority of this nation,
nay, sir, the majority of this Congress, speaking
for the nation, have the right under the Consti-
tution to declare by law that all the properly of
rebels in arms or aiding this unmatched treason
shall be the lawful subject of prize and capture,
and shall be condemned as such in your courts of
justice, for the common defense.
Mr. HICKMAN. Not excepting the slave.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not refer to slaves as
property. I would liberate the slaves of rebels in
arms and of their aiders and abettors.
Sir, gentlemen have talked very loud in their
discussions here about indicting a whole people.
I hold them to the issue—let them meet it—shall
rebel property be made to pay as far as it willgo,
the expense of suppressing their rebellion, and
shall their slaves be taken from them to weaken
their power. It is a uniform rule among civilized
nations, applicable as well to civil war as to for-
eign war, or a war between two independent na-
tions, that all enemy property captured in war is
the legitimate subject of confiscation to defray the
expenses of the war, and to indemnify the State
or nation for losses sustained. The justice of this
rule cannot be questioned where the civil war, in
the one case, has been without any just cause un-
lawfully and wrongfully waged by rebel citizens,
and where the foreign war, in the other case, has
been unlawfully and wrongfully waged by the na-
tion whose property is thus seized. I submit that
it is a rule universally recognized among civilized •
nations; and I should like to see thegentlemen who
talk so loud against it, bring some authority to
show the contrary, not shirk the question by talk-
ingaboutindieting a whole people. Therebelsxn
this case indict themselves, they confess m open
court. . .
Let me repeat: I assert that it is the accepted
law at this liour among civilized nations, that
when in a just war the conqueror acquires prop-
erty, by capture or by conquest, he holds that
property, if he so wills and has the force, until
the peace, and continues to hold it afterwards, un-
less he voluntarily surrenders it. I hold that to
be a principle recognized by oui own court in the
case of a harbor in Maine possessed by Great
Britain in the late war. They would have held it
until this day if they had been strong enough and
had not voluntarily surrendered it. There was
nothing in the law of nations to oblige them to
surrender it. When gentlemen talk about the dif-
ference between a foreign and civil war, I want to
