1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
respect the ports of entry created by the rebel
States. That would be a violation of the lawof
nations, unless they first acknowledged their in-
dependence, and put them on an equality with
other nations. It would be just cause of war. In
China a widely extended rebellion has existed for
years. It has established a regular government,
and has several important sea-ports in posses-
sion. They lately held Shanghae. Yet Europe
ignores their existence, and treats with the legiti-
mate government for those very ports.
The insurrection in India embraced many more
people than ours, many of them well trained to
arms; yet what nation ever thought of recogniz-
ing their de facto existence, or of treating them as !
a Power? When Ireland was in arms against the
Government, what would England have said had
we have negotiated with them for ports of entry
and recognized theirletters of marque? She would
instantly and justly have declared war. I have
no fear that any foreign Power will recognize the
rebel States. I know very well what deep interest
England feels in this question, for, while sealing
the southern ports would ruin the South, it would
undoubtedly seriously injure British interests.
The second city in her empire is greatly dependent
for her prosperity on her cotton manufactories.
A half million of people there, as well as many
others scattered over the kingdom, earn their
living in her factories. It is said five million of
people are dependent on them. The products
swell the capital of the cotton lords, and contrib-
ute largely to commerce. Eighty-five per cent,
of the raw material to supply these mills comes
from America, and about fifteen per cent, from all
other countries, (India nine, others six per cent.)
Hence it is obvious that England would suffer
more by the suppression of southern commerce
than any other nation. It would greatly injure
the factories in the loyal States. It would bank-
rupt the rebel States.
Hence we sec the reason why certain leading
journals in England sympathize with the South,
and suggest means to evade our blockade, and
kindly advise us peaceably to settle with the rebels.
. Why did not England succumb to the Sepoy re-
bellion? While the English people hate slavery,
the Manchester school would prefer that four
million slaves should continue in perpetual bond-
age than that her five million dependents should
suffer some inconvenience. I doubt not she will
use every means in her power to keep open south-
ern ports. England made war upon the most in-
nocent people in the world to compel them to take
her opium. The wise legislation of China had
excluded that poisonous drug from the empire.
England violated every law of nations and every
principle of morality by compelling the people,
at the mouth of the cannon, to swallow $,80,000,000
worth of it per year.
Nor have we the countervailing advantage of
the anti-slavery feeling of England. That feeling
among the masses is more intense than the greed
for cotton. Were it believed that we were en-
gaged in a war that would abolish slavery, the
Government of England would not dare aid our
enemies. The whole civilized world now abhors
slavery. But in this Contest we have the sympa-
thy of none of them. Thus far our war has vir-
tually been made to rivetstill stronger the chains
of human bondage. Christian nations—civilized
nations, whether Christian, Mohammedan or
Pagan, do not sympathize with slave-mongers.
But even now, with the moral sense of the world
against us, I do not believe that there is any dan-
ger of war with England. The late difficulty,
which was so threatening, has been happily set-
tled without any loss of dignity on onr part.
Nations do not now, and ought not to, go to war
on mere questions of regularity, where no vital
principle is involved. Much may be waived or
yielded on such points unless it impairs the honor
or glory of the nation*, then not a tittle can be
surrendered, for the honor and glory of a nation
are as much a part of her real strength as her
fleets and armies. The most unpleasant thing
which I have observed in this affair is the imper-
tinent interference of France. Why should she
intervene uninvited unless for the purpose of in-
timidation ? The letter of M. Thouvenel is haish
and dictatorial. When we have settled our do-
mestic affairs it may be well to look into this holy
alliance of these Powers, and see how far their
dictation is to control the conduct of nations.
The statesmen of England feel kindly towards
the South for another reason. As slave States
can never become a manufacturing or navigating
people, they sympathize with her free-trade folly.
We as a nation are bound to maintain our princi-
ples and our independence, no matter what diffi-
culties surround us. I have no fear that any for-
eign Power will recognize the rebel States, but if
Manchester should drive England to give aid to
the traitors, the free people of America will not
quail before it. We have survived two wars with
her. One when our population was but three
million; the other when it was eight million, in-
cluding slaves. Now, when the free States alone
have twenty million, what have we to fear? A
nation great in intellectual as well as material
power shows to best advantage in her worst dis-
tress. When Rome was deserted by most of her
Italian allies and the Carthagenians were under
her walls, she found the King of Macedon tamper-
ing with her enemy, and instantly declared war
against him, instead of tamely negotiating. A
nation is always great according to the energy
and courage of the Government. The people are
everywhere brave; but timid, faltering, hesitating
rulers may soon make them cowards. A nation
of twenty millions of brave men will always be
great, if the Government have energy and power
with which to inspire them. Alexander infused
his indomitable courage into twenty thousand
confiding soldiers, and overthrew the countless
armies of a timid prince. Let this nation determ-
ine to be invincible,and the world in arms, distant
as we are from them, cannot conquer her. Let
them handle war with silken gloves, and the softest
satraps of Asia would defeat them.
War is always a mighty evil. With England
it would be especially deplorable. But war with
all nations is better than national dishonor and
disgrace. We should be better able to meet Eng-
land in arms with the rebel States in alliance with
her than if they were still loyal. They have a
vastly extended defenseless frontier easily access-
ible by a maritime enemy. Most of the Army
and Navy of the nation during the last war were
required for its defense. If we were relieved from
protecting them, we could use all our forces in
other quarters. We should then do what we ought
long since to have done—organize their domestic
enemies against them, who would find themselves
and their allies sufficient employment at homo
without invading the North. If such a deplorable
war should be forced upon us we should do what
wo ought to have done in the last war—rectify our
eastern and northern boundaries; and our banner
would wave over freemen, and none but repub-
lican freemen, from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Arctic ocean, and from the Bay of St. Lawrence
to Puget Sound.
Now, Mr. Speaker, unless some gentleman
wishes to discuss the bill further at this time, I
will move that it be postponed until the second
Tuesday in February next, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. SPAXJLDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the issuing of Treas-
ury notes payable on demand; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business now in order
is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I think the regular order
of business just at this time is to adjourn.
The SPE'AKER. The Chair would entertain
such a motion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes before one o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned. 
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 2, 1863.
The Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland, offered
up the following prayer:
O God, we thank Thee for the light of another
year, though it come surcharged with stirring and
fearful events. If in our aspirations for the ra-
tional freedom and public order of the world,
Thou seest an unchristian spirit, as Thou alone
canst heal it, we pray Thee to forgive. Ill tills
momentous crisis, clcanse us from all unworthy
thoughts, and arm this nation with justice as well
as with the muniments of martial power. May
Thy servants, the law-givers of the people, waste
no time in vain debate, but hasten to provide for
that mighty conflict which may involve two con-
tinents, and to which so many signs seem pointed.
Since it does not appear like peace, we pray Thee
to prepare us for the struggle both ,b.y sea and by
land. We know that Thou canst save.by many
or by few, yet we cannot expect a miracle since
Thy pure providence has ever helped the men
who have justly striven to help themselves, and
so do we ever submit to Thee, through Jesus
Christ. Amen.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING. I present a petition, very numer-
ously signed, from citizens of New York, pray-
ing "that as the present formidable rebellion
against the General Government manifestly finds
its root and nourishment in the system of chattel
slavery at the South, as the leading conspirators
are slaveholders, who constitute an oligarchy
avowedly hostile to all free institutions; and as,
in the nature of things, no solid peace can be main-
tained while the cause of this treasonable revolt
is permitted to exist, your honorable body is
urgently implored to lose no time in enacting,
under the war power, the totalabolition of slavery
throughout the country, allowing for the eman-
cipated slaves of such only as are loyal to the
Government a fair pecuniary award, as a concil-
iatory measure, and to facilitate an amicable ad-
justment of difficulties; and thus to bring the war
to a speedy and beneficent termination, and indis-
solubly to unite all sections and all interests of the
country upon the enduring basis of universal free-
dom. " I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM presented the memorial of
Francis Hiittmann, praying to have refunded to
him light and tonnage dues on the Peruvian bark
Callao, and import dulies on licr cargo exacted
in excess, all of which were illegally collected
from him, in 1848, by the collectors in California,
amounting to $474 96; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of San Francisco, praying for the
establishment of a steam mail line from San Fran-
cisco to Japan and China; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Jonathan Garland and fifty-three others, citizens
of Winslow,Maine, andalso the petition of Ivory
Frost and one hundred and twenty-two others,
citizens of Hampden, Maine, prayingfor theabo-
lition of slavery throughout the land, and for the
calling upon ail the inhabitants of the United
States, bond and free, to assist in crushing the
rebellion; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the passage of an act
making homojopathic surgeons eligible to at least
one eighth of the regularappointments in the Army
and Navy; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRIJMBULL presented three petitions of
citizens of Illinois, praying for the abolition of
slavery throughout the land,and for callingupon
all the inhabitants of the United States, bond and
free, to assist in crushing the rebellion; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented two petitions from citizens
of Henry county, Illinois, praying for the estab-
lishment of a national armory at Rock Island,
Illinois; which were laid on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented six memorialsfromciti-
zens of the State of Wisconsin, praying that some
point on the Fox river, between Lake Winne-
bago and Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin,
be selected as a site for a national armory and
foundery; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He al&o presented the petition of Rev. H. Mc-
Kec and others, citizens of Wisconsin, praying
for the abolition of slavery throughout the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John Whip-
