1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12;
know if the Government of the United States
should not be indemnified for the cost of suppress-
ing this,unjust and bloody treason out of the prop-
erty of the rebels in arms? There is but one an-
swer; that is, that it is the right of the Government
to take the indemnity, if she has the force to do
it. Much is said about .private property being re-
spected in war, save enemy property at sea; that
the usage is only to take public property on land.
I admit the usage in general, in international war;
because, by such a rule, the means for just indem-
nity by seizing all property of the sovereignty
and of all its subjects at sea, and taking the public
property on land is sufficient; and for the further
reason that the subject must obey his sovereign,
and is therefore not your enemy by choice. These
rebels have no sovereignty; they are simply organ
ized conspirators, waging civil war against the
people and the people's sovereignty. They have
no public stores, and can have none; all the prop-
erty they hold is enemy property, belonging only
to them as rebels and enemies in arms. It is the
right and duty of the Government to take their
property for indemnity by capture and condemna-
tion, and to liberate their slaves to weaken them;
and for the further reason that the Government
has the right to the service for defense of all its
citizens, and especially of all who desire to aid the
Government. I scout the alleged sovereignty of
these rebels; they are simply an organized mob,
nor more, nor less.
The gentleman says he is for the Constitution.
So am I. Thegentleman says he respects his oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
So do I. I do not doubt his sincerity. I do not
stand in my place to tell the gentleman that he
violates either his oath or the Constitution when
he refuses his assent to such legislation as he can-
not appiove, and I respectfully deny his right to
say that 1 am not acting in conformity to my oath
to support the Constitution 
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman.
Mr. WADSWORTI-I. I certainly would not
treat the gentleman otherwise than with courtesy,
and 1 cannot imagine in what sentence of my re-
marks the gentleman drew such an inference.
Mr. BltfCHlAM. 1 am very glad to jjnow the
gentleman did not. I mast have misapprehended
his rcmatks in (hut respect.
Now, sir, it is the duty and right of this Gov-
ernment to use whatever force is necessary In
crush out this treason and to crush out everything
that stands in the way of our arms, to use what-
ever just means will tend to strengthen the Gov-
ernment, and whatever will tend to weaken the
enemy. Does not every gentleman know—I pity
the intelligence of the man who does not know—
thutheie ate four millions of enslaved men, who dig
the trenches and build the fortifications of the en-
emy, who cultivate their fields,gather their crops,
and furnish them the bread on which they live. 1
would like to see the man rise here in his place and
say that it would not weaken the enemy to take
from them these four millions of men who thus fur-
nish their support. 1 would like to see the man
who would express it as his conviction that it
would not weaken the enemy to take from them
one third their population,and that poi lion of their
population whoso labor piovides solely and exclu-
sively, almost, to them the means of subsistence.
They might almost as well undertake to live with-
out the bright heaven above us, filled with the life-
giving breath of the Almighty.
I now come to the other point, and I desire to
be very brief about it. Gentlemen talk about the
rights of the Stales. 1 heaid something upon that
subject yesterday and it was brought up again to-
day. Now, sir, I wish to say that not one of the
eleven rebel States is to-day a State in the Union.
The territory is in the Union, the citizens of the
original State are in the Union, and still owe al-
legiance to the Constitution of the United States.
They cannot get the territory out of the Union.
They cannot run away with it. It is anchored
and fixed there; it is a pait of the common herit-
age of the whole people of the Republic. I know
Floyd would steal it if he could, [laughter,j but
it is beyond the reach of a thief. The territory
is there, and there it will abide forever; the people
are there, but there is no constitutional State—no
State in the Union or of the Union there; that mad-
dened multitude, the majority of each of the ori-
ginal States in that rebel district have voluntarily
destroyed theirrespective constitutional State gov-
ernments. I ratherthink the gentleman from Ken-
tucky knows that as well as I do, or as any man
in this House.
Mr. Chairman, as every gentleman is for the
Constitution, and especially as the gentleman from
Kentucky claims to keep special watch and ward
over it, 1 desire to read a single sentence to prove
the truth of what I say, that these rebel States
are not States in the Union,butonly rebels inarms
within the territory of the Union, and without a
constitutional State government. An illegal State
constitution is simply void as to the United States
Government. The Constitution of the United
States declares—
"The Senators and Representatives aforesaid"—
that is of the United States—
"and the members of the several State Legislatures, and
all executive and judicial officer, both of the United States
a.nt> of the spveiiai, Statfs, shall be bound by oath or
affirmation to support this Constitution."— Constitution oj
the United States, art. 6. -
The Legislature of every State in the Union,
and all the judicial and executive officers thereof,
must be bound by oath or affirmation to support
this Constitution. Without this obligation taken
and accepted they cannot in law exist as the
officers of departments of a State government in
the Union. There can be no State in the Union
without these several departments. That would
be a curious republican State without a legisla-
tive and an executive and a judicial department.
If there be no such State departments so hound to
support the Constitution of the United States in
that rebel region, as I know there is not, then I
care not what forms and shams of government
they may have; they are but organized conspira-
tors and traitois. They have no State lights and
can have none without constitutional State gov-
ernments. Is there a Legislature m South Caro-
lina to-day bound by oath to support, this Consti-
tution? They are sworn by an oath to overturn
it. Is there a judiciary in South Carolina to-day
bound by oath to support this Constitution?
They are sworn by an oath to trample it under
foot. - Is there to-day in South Carolina an Ex-
ecutive bound by oath to support this Constitu-
tion? He is sworn by an oath to destioy it.
These lebels have destioyed their respective
State constitutions. State constitutions can only
originate by the act of the people in the several
States, and by them they may be destroyed. They
have broken down their State governments; they
have no Legislature which, to-day, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, can rightfully im-
pose a tax upon any man or upon any man's prop-
erty, within their limits. They have no right to
legislate at all. They are simply traitors, wear-
ing the robes of office. There is no State gov-
ernment in South Carolina, nor in Florida, nor in
Texas, nor in Louisiana, nor in Mississippi, nor
in Arkansas, nor in North Carolina, nor in Ala-
bama, nor in Georgia, nor in Tennessee, nor in
Virginia, known to the Constitution, or entitled to
a moment's consideration. I would like to see
the man, if there be such a State-rights man, rise
here and say that the Legislature of South Caro-
lina, with the oath of treason fresh upon their
hps not to support the Constitution, but to over-
throw it, have the right to elect a United States
Senator, or to enact a law affecting the life, liberty,
or property of any citizen of the United States.
The powers of the Federal Government in the ter-
ritory of South Carolina are, in the absence of a
constitutional State government, as exclusive and
general as they are in the District of Columbia.
Why so? Because throughout the limits of the
Republic the United States Government has ex-
clusive legislative power save where there is a
constitutional State government. Othei wise the
Constitution and Government could not be main-
tained, and the great end of the Constitution car-
ried out.
What is the end of the Constitution ? As I said
to the gentleman the other day m debate upon the
President's emancipation message, its first and
chief purpose is to protect the loyal citizens of the
United States everywhere in their lives, liberty,
and property. The citizens of every State now
in the Union, and all who were citizens in the
original States now dissolved by lebellion and
treason, are citizens of the United States. Is the
Constitution of the United States so weak an in-
vention that, in the absence of a State govern-
ment, it cannot establish courts of justice in any
district or Territory within its limits for the pur-
pose of protecting the property of every loyal cit-
izen, and his liberty and life as well ? I would be
ashamed to go to your tribune to take the oath to
support the Constitution if I felt in my heart that
it was so weak an invention that it did not pro-
vide for even this first duty of a Government. 1
assert the proposition here to-day, and I chal-
lenge contradiction, that the Government of the
United States has full and ample powers for all of
these purposes within the original limits of the
revolted States; and we ought to exercise them if
we have any respect for the oaths we have taken*
We must exercise these powers until the people
of the rebel districts, now reduced to the condi-
tion of Territories by their own act, shall return
to their allegiance, and reestablish State govern-
ments under the Constitution,and bind the several
departments thereof by an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
I will never consent, sir, that South Carolina,
or any revolted State, shall send a Representative
upon this floor until every department of that State-
shall have become bound by an oath to support
the Constitution of my country. We have no right
to consent to that, they have no right to demand
it until they so reconstruct their State govern-
ment. We have the right, and it is our duty, to
provide by law for the administration of justice
in that Territory. We have the right to send our
tribunals to South Carolina in order that justice
may be done to our loyal citizens. Has the patriot
Pettigru, in that rebel city of Charleston,faithful
found among the faithless, standing fast for the in-
tegrity of the Union and Constitution amid the wild
howl of treason, no claim to the protection of this
Govemmentand to be protected there in his home?
That good old white-haired man, what true citi-
zen would not run out in a storm to meet him and
to help him? He is an honor to human nature.
Unawed, unseduccd, and unsubdued, he clung to
the Constitution amid the falling pillars of the
temple, and alone amid the conspirators he is for
the Constitution still, and cherishes the hope of
its restoration as he cherishes the hope of a better
life m the land of upughtness.
Why, sir, amid the thunders of the infernal
enginery of treason, battering down the walla of
your doomed and burning fort, he denounced the
treason, refused to strike hands with the traitors,
and sfood by the old flag. I ask you, has that
brave, good man no right to claim the protection
of your laws in Charleston? Such fidelity, such
loyalty may justly demand the protection of the
Government. If you would administer justice
between man and man in South Carolina, you
must establish a court of justice there that will
take the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, without which no court can right-
fully sit anywhere in the United States, And if
the worst comes to the worst—if these traitors
imbrue their hands in the blood of loyal citizens—
how can you refuse to provide the tribunal to
make them pay the penalty of their infernal crime
upon the gallows?
Mr. Chairman, 1 trust that I have as much
chanty as other gentlemen; but, sir, 1 beg leave
to say that the Representative who will stand up
m his place ,jnd deny the ri^htof the Government
to provide speedily and effectively for the admin-
istration of justice in the revolted States, commits
a crime which would lequire a charity broader
than the charity of the Gospel to cover. He is m
a condition to strike hands with the rebels them-
selves. Is nothing to be done beside sending con-
quering armies to burn and destroy as they go?
That is a needful thing; but I would also send the
white-robed mimstersofjustice. 1 would putthem
into the deserted temples of justice, and place in
their hands the sacred scales, and bind them by
an oath to do equal and exact justice to the poor
and the rich, the stranger and the citizen.
I would let it go out that those who submit to
the law shall have their protection under the law,
and that those who revolt against the law should
notonlyfind the armed soldiers of the Union pur-
suing them unto death, but they should find as
well the swift hand of justice falling upon them,
and the majesty of the law declaring, " you are
my piisoner, a prisoner against offended justice,
becau&e you have invaded the rights of citizens
of the United States who were entitled toprotcc-
