2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
this close of the week, perhaps we can dispose of
it this week if the Senate will give its attention
to it. I hope the Senate will take it up at the
present time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like very much
for that bill not to be taken up this morning, or
this week, and certainly it is not so pi-essing as
the tax bill, reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance. This bill, as reported by the select com-
mittee, is a different bill from the other confisca-
tion bill that was before us, and 1 have no doubt
gentlemen will desire to discuss it. It was only
prieted yesterday, and there has not been time
for that careful examination of its provisions that
is necessary. Certainly it is not so important as
the tax bill, and I hope the Committee on Finance
will insist upon taking up the tax bill.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to say, in answer to
what was said by the Senator from Delaware, that,
•with the exception of one or two new ones, there
is scarcely a provision in this bill that was not in
one or the other of the bills and amendments be-
fore the Senate. They are matters that are familiar
to the Senate, and as upon my motion the former
bills and amendments were committed to the spe-
cial committee, I feel bound to press upon the at-
tention of the Senate the consideration of the bill
at this time. We had been long engaged on it
when it was committed to the special committee.
The Senate then was desirous to come to a vote
upon it, as expressed by several gentlemen, and
1 hope the Senate will now take it up and proceed
with it until it is finished. I think we can get
through with it in a very short time. Upon the
motion to take it up 1 will ask for the yeas und
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I hope, sir, that the motion to
take up this bill will prevail. The question barely
is, whether we shall proceed to the taxation of
loyal people, or whether we will make some pro-
vision by .which the rebels will be compelled to
pay something towards the expenses of this war.
For one, I shall never consent to tax our own
people one single cent until this Senate shall have
given an indication that they are willing to impose
some burdens on the rebellious part of the com-
munity. if we are going to compel them to con-
tribute anything towaids the expenses of the war,
I am for doing it before I proceed to burden our
own people. Let us have tins first, and then let
us tax our own people.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think that the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio present precisely
a fair statement of the case; and as I intend to vote
with the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
as I always do upon questions of this land, [ do
not wish it to be understood that, because I vote
for taking up the tax bill rather than the confis-
cation bill, I am in favor of taxing loyal people
rather than taxing disloyal people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
in reply to the Senator from Ohio. I do not know
what his motive was in making the remark that
be has made. I can only say that I am fordoing
the business of the country as well as 1 know how*
whether it is to lake up one bill first or another,
and without reference to any sort of considerations
that are meant for the outside of this Chamber. ,
I made the suggestion in pursuance of what { j
deemed to be a duty. The tax bill is committed
to my hands so far as to bring it before the Senate
and get it passed, if possible; and at this lace day
1 deemed it my duty to suggest—and it was sim-
ply a suggestion—without offering any advice j
upon the subject, that in case the motion of my i
friend from New Hampshire was not adopted "1 !
should move to bring forward ihe tax bill, which
I conceive to be very pressing; and with that nat-
ural affinity for what in some degree is the work
of my own hands, and it being in my charge, 1 j
feel it to be my duty to vote in accordance with
the suggestion that i made. I have not the slight-
est feeling about it. It is simply to discharge my ;
obligations and my responsibility with reference j
to this matter. If the Senate decides otherwise I !
shall ,yield, as I always try to do, with perfect [
"Inr ®^tisfaction, to the result. j
u* t'-ii . * S!rnP]y desire to remark that i
this bill may be considered as a measure which
has been for a time befoie the Senate, and has '
come sack to be considered again—a measure that !
is partly finished. It was simply committed to the |
committee that they might harmonize, if they i
could, the different schemes; and f suggest now
to the honorable Senator from Maine, and to the
members of the Committee on Finance, that we
had better finish the matter, and then proceed to
the tax bill. I know how strong my friend from
Maine is with or without his tax bill. I know
how much his tax bill aids him to push on the
consideration of that matter. It is a very import-
ant measure; but so is this; and as this one has
been partly finished, it seems to me we had better
go on with it, and then take up the tax bill. That
will occupy a good many days, undoubtedly,
when we get it up; and we had better, perhaps,
finish this one now, which will occupy less time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not design, as I said,
to express any wish on the subject. If the Sen-
ate so decide, it is quite agreeable to me. I have
done what i felt bound to do under the circum-
stances.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine whether,in his opinion, the pub-
lic interests require us to proceed with the tax
bill now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say about
that is this: the tax bill will create a very long
debate, and will consume a great deal of time ne-
cessarily; and we have fixed a day, beyond which
wo cannot go very well, when it is to go into op-
eration, and every day becomes important with
reference to it. It is for the Senate to decide. If,
as my friend from New Hampshire suggests, this
other matter could probably be disposed of in a
shoit time, say this week, it would not make
much difference.
Mr. SHERMAN, i am a member of both
committees, the committee that reported the con-
fiscation bill and the Committee on Finance, and
I should not do my duty it' I did not press the
consideiation of the tax bill now. There is no
doubt about the passage of a confiscation bill in
some form this session; but the tax bill ought to
he passed at as early a day as possible. It must
go into operation on the 1st of July. All the
appointments have to be made before that time;
the assessments are to be prepared and all the
blanks, forms, &c., of which there are a great
number. The (ax bill has excited a great deal of
attention and will excite ,i great deal of debate. It
will take a good deal of the tune of the Senate,
and must then bo sent back to the House of Rep-
resentatives. I think, therefore, it would be better
and wiser to dispose of the tax bill fust. A con-
tention hill will be passed and my colleague
be gratified, 1 have no doubt, before the session
closes, lfcompelled to choose between thesetwo
bills, I prefer to take up that the passage of which
is deemed most important in order to prepare it
for execution.
Mr. HENDERSON. t desire to remark, be-
fore the vote is taken on this motion, that the ob-
ject that seems to be sought by the Senator fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the confiscation of rebel prop-
erty, will not be attained to a very large extent
under the bill that has been reported by the select
committee. If i understand the bill it is not a hill
for confiscation properly, but it is ,\ bill changing
the punishment of tu a son and forfeiting the prop-
erty of the convicted rebel. It is true, that the bill
authorizes the President after indictment found,
or, in some casts, even before, to sequester the
pi operty of rebels, but he is not to take the prop-
city and absolutely put the pioeeeds into the
Treasury for the use of the Treasuiy. If, there-
fore, the Senator from Ohio expects any very great
revenue from the confiscation of rebel property
by the bill that lias been reported by the select
committee, he will be sadly mistaken. As a
choice between these two bills, as 1 am satisfied
that the bill the chairman of the selcct committi e
proposes to take up will bring about a good deal
of debate and discussion, and as \ am a\Vare that
various amendments will be proposed to it, and
inasmuch as it is extiemely deniable, in my view,
to have the tax bill disposed of as soon as possi-
ble, I shall certainly vote with the chairman of
the Committee on Finance.
t will suggest another thing to the Senator from
Ohio. If I understand the tax bill, the burden is
not to be imposed upon the loyal States alone.
My undeistanding is that so soon as our armies
shall have been successful enough to place the
Constitution and the laws of the country again
over South Carolina, the tax bill will be equally
operative in South Carolina as it is in Ohio; and 1
although we may be delayed at the present time
in the collection of these taxes in consequence of
the fact that the law is obstructed, the time will
come when these taxes may be collected, and all
other taxes that may have been imposed, or that
may hereafter be imposed. We desire that a time
shall como when the burdens of those tax bills will
be imposed upon the disloyal States and the rebels
as much as upon loyal people. Then, sir, as we
cannotexpect very large revenue until these States
are subjected, until the rebels have been compelled
to lay down their arms, and inasmuch as it is ne-
cessary to provide means to enable us to do that,
I think it would be vastly better to proceed to the
consideration of the tax bill now.
Mr. FOSTER. I cannot but regaid it as very
unfortunate, to say the least, that these two bills
should be placed thus apparently in antagonism
with each other. It is to be greatly regretted. They
are both very important bills and it is important
that they should be acted upon at an early day—
the tax bill certainly at a very early day, for it is
paramount perhaps m importance to all others in
that respect. The confiscation bill, also is a most
important measure. 1 confess, believing that the
confiscation bill as it is called has been discussed
so long that it can now hardly occupy very much
longer time if pressed on to a vote at as early a
period as we can arrive at it, it seems to me better
that we should at least try to bring that to a vote
before taking up the tax bill. If it shall seem that
we can get a vote upon it, that members are dis-
posed to debate it to such a length as that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance shall be
satisfied the public interests require us to act upon
the tax bill, I shall be prepared to postpone the
confiscation bill for the tax bill. But I do not un-
derstand from the chairman of the committee that
a day or two on the tax bill immediately, coming
to-day or to-morrow, will be very important in his
judgment in regard to that measure. I believe we
can get through the other measure within that
time. At ail events, entertaining that view, 1 shall
vote to take up that, and if by that time we arc not
able to come to a vote on the confiscation bill, I
shall be prepared to postpone it m order to take
up the tax bill.
Mr. "WADE. There is an additional reason,
when we look at this bill, why it should be taken
up. Of course, it has to operate piospectively,
and I very much hope that before July many of
those who ought to be punished under this or some
other bill will be subdued without it. If we post-
pone this bill a great deal longer, and if we have
any tolerable prosperity in our arms, the bill will
become almost entnely nugatory. It has been de-
layed now until it ought not by its prospective
provisions to catch anybody, and 1 do not know
that it will; but if it is to be passed at all in tho
shape in which it is. and if it means anything, it
ought to be passed at once, k is very true it is
a biiltopumsh ticason,and it does but very little
more perhaps than tho law now does; but there
are some provisions in it that have a bearing be-
yond that, and they are of a character that requit e
immediate action if they are to be effectual. There-
fore, if we do not abandon the idea of confiscation,
or the idea, as the Senator from Missouri says,
of burdening these rebels to replenish the Treas-
ury, 1 think we ought to take up the bill now. I
do not know that this bill will effect the purpose.
I am not quite sure that the bill will pass m ex-
actly its present shape; we may get something
more effectual; but at all events, in my judgment,
if this bill is to pass, if we are to act upon the sub-
ject, we should act now. We have been more
than four months deliberating upon it, and have
done nothing yet. The tax bill, which, by the
Constitution, must originate in the other House,
has passed that House and been sent to us, and
it only wants our action to become a law, but this
subjf ct of confiscation has not been acted upon in
either branch.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote against taking
up this bdl at the present time, because I think it
of too little importance as a public measure to take
the place of tho tax bill, which my friend from
Maine is anxious to take up in its stead. The bill
emanating from the select committee, Mr. Presi-
dent, is now passing by a wrong name. It is in
no sense a bill to confiscate the pronetty of rebels;
I am not able to discover a single feature of it
which looks in that direction; but it is m and of
itself a clear and distinct renunciation of the prin-
