3124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
President; he is too good a lawyer. If there is a
tyro of a law student in the office of any lawyer
who would give'such a construction to these bills
he should be advised to turn his attention to some
other business.
I will read the two acts, and the only acts of
Congress upon this subject, that I may be judged
fairly, and that others shaii in like manner be
judged:
"An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and protecting the public property,
approved July 22,1861.
"Be it enaclcd, $■<;.,That the President bp, and to hereby,
authorized to accept (he services of volunteers!, cither ns
cavalry,Infantry,or artillery, in such numbers not exceed-
ing fjve hundred thousand, its he may deem necessary, for
th« purport* of repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection,
enforcing the laws, and preserving and protecting the public
property," Uc.
Other sections of this act direct the mode and
manner of its execution, and direct that that cull
shall be made of each State for its quota, accord-
ing to population,&c.
Upon the 31st of July we have, in Congress,
Apprehending that some of the States might fail
to furnish their proportion of volunteers in time
to meet the exigencies of the country, added a
section to the bill, the title of which was "An
act authorizing the Secretary of War to reim-
burse the volunteers for expenses incurred in em-
ploying regimental and other bands." That sec-
tion is in these words:
" Be it mactcd, tifc., That the President, in accepting and
organizing volunteer, under tho act entitled ' An net to
authoifzc the employment of volumeon to aid in enforcing
the laws and protecting the public propeity, approved July
22,18G1," may accept tin: net vice oi such volunteer*, with
out previous proclamation, and in Midi numbers fiom any
State or States, as in his discretion the public service may
require,"
Is there a member of this House that voted for
this section who believed itauthorized the accept-
ance of five bundled thousand volunteers beside
the five hundred thousand authorized by the first
act cited f
The question of construction and meaning of
the two ants is too plain, too palpable, to require
argument,
Tho other net gave only the right to accept the
volunteers "during the war," iiiHtead of the pe-
riods fixed m tho first act, if the President deemed
it best. No one at the session of July ever thought
thai they litul authorized agreater number of \ ol-
uiiteers than five hundred thousand io be accepted.
You have no law now which amhonzes the in-
crease of volunteers. A« they are nei'deil, and
have been called for by tho President, 1 hope thorn:
of this Mouse who wield ilN power wiil provide
by law for this new call of three hundred thou-
sand men.
One object 1 have in referring to these acts is
to prove that a suborilinnie officer has no legal
power to increase the corps of \ uiuntet-r.s by ac-
cepting the .service of white men—certainly not
by forcing runaway slaves into that arm of the
service.
The Secretary of War should have returned
benerai Hunter's letter, with an order removing
birn from his position, fur having undertaken to
enlist soldiers of any color in his army, without
authority ol law and without the legislation of
Congress.
Mr, M ALLOI1 ^ , Will my colleague yield to
Jim- for a moment?
IVIi\ WiCRUmC. Certainly, «ir,
jMi . MALLOIQ . Mr, Speaker, I wish at this
point of discussion, not intending to trouble (he
House hereafter in relation to it, to snv a word in
icgaid to this matter. 1 beg leave to dissent from
my colleague most respectfully.
Mi. WfCKLlFFIS. If that is the gentleman's
object, lie may dissent after I am done, i do not
like to have another gentleman Js .speech printed as
pact oi mine when it is against mo.
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague has yielded
the floor. 7
iu'"' M 1 yicld tbe floor-
j-vii. iViAl_,LUiii. 1 was about to remark that
t concur in tho mam with what my colleague has 1
said, but that, on one point, I beg leave to dissent
from Jinn. 1 hat. is, as to the extent of the cuhu-
biiity of the Wccietary of War m this mattei
Mr. WICKLIKFE. If that is the gentleman'-
object, I withdraw mv assent.
Mr. MALLORY "
get through.
Be good enough to let me
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir; I will not.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I hope to get an op-
portunity after the gentleman is done.
Mr. WICKLtFFE. After I am done, sir, you
can talk about it as long as you please. But I have
no idea of the gentleman making a speech to be
printed in mine. Let him do it separately.
Mr. MALLORY. I certainly would not have
trespassed on the House if it had not been for the
assent of my colleague. I have submitted quietly
to the withdrawal of that assent, but I do not in-
tend to assent quietly to his commenting on my
position.
Mr. WICKLIFFE._ Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman had waited a little longer he would have
had a chance to enter upon the defense of the Sec-
retary of War. 1 do not make any charge against
the Secretary, except so far as his official conduct
in communicating to this House the letter of Gen-
eral Hunter without any expression of disappro-
bation of it is concerned. He entered that office,
so faras I hadanyfeclingon the subject,notknow-
ing him personally, with my hearty concurrence.
Nor do i desire to make any comment on the
administration of the War Department outside
of this particular affair, i might, perhaps, like
my collengue, bog leave to differ with the Secre-
tary of War in relation to the management of some
portion of the operations of the Army. That is
not the question that I am here to discuss. I am
here to call on the Secretary of War to perform
his duty to this House, and not to become the
agent and instrument of covering, under his mes-
sage—to be placed on the journal of the nation—
a letter whicn I will venture to say my colleague
himself will admit is disrespectful to this House.
He should have weighed and examined that well.
But, sir, perhaps it was thought that, as the res-
olution was designated as Mr. Wickliffe's res-
olution, the answer would pass off as a matter of
course, and that I had got a very full answer. 1
did receive this morning from some anonymous
scoundrel by mail a copy of this letter of Mr. Hun-
ter's, with an advice to put it in my pipe and smoke
it. 1 want my brother members of the House to
take a whiff at that pipe. It is the duty of every
head of a Department to see that no subordinate
shall, in making out a report of matters of fact,
indulge in argument, in remarks, m criticism un-
just and insulting to members who mav have voted
for or Against the resolution. That'is my com-
plaint. I suppose that General Hunter has a i ight
to do as he pleases in hit* own command. My ob-
ject and purpose were to know whether there is
a purpose in any part of the A rmy of the United
States, or m tiny Department of the Government,
to aim the negro to aid and assist m carrying on
this war. ( am a fund there is a strong party in
tins [louse and out of it who think that they can
use negroes profitably in war; but you cannot get
a man who is acquainted with the character of the
-Atiican, domesiieatfed as lie is, to agiec on that
point with gentlemen on the other side of the
House. It i« true, an tho writer of the letter which
1 have read says, a negro is afraid, by instinct or
by nature, of a gun. Give him a bowie-knife or
a John Brown pike if you want to get up a ser-
vile war, of murder, conflagration, and rapine.
Let Mr. Hunter have the appropriate arms. 1
have got one of John Brown's pikes. I intended
to have brought it to the House as a specimen for
Mr. Hunter.
^ I he instructions of Mr. Secretary Cameron to
Geneial Sherman, upon which General Hunter
bases his authority to force slaves into the Army
of the United States, and appoint the field, staff,
and company officers of the regiment, were of rec-
ord. The present Secretary is presumed to have
made himself acquainted with all orders under
which divisions of the Army had been placed by
his predecessor. It was especially his duty, when
General Hunter justified his conduct under those
instructions, to have looked at it and sent a copy
to the House.
A copy of these instructions i have obtained.
1 hey read as follows:
War Department, October 11,18G1.
Siu : In conducting military operations within States de-
clared hy the proclamation of the President to be m a slate
ot niMitrectton, you will govern yourself, so f:tr as peihons
j' to fcurvtecumici thel.nvzjof fcuchgtale-jare concerned
by the principles of the letteis addicted by me to lYInior
Gumral Butler on the 30th of May and the 8th of August
copies of which are herewith furnished to you. As special
directions, adapted to special ciicum«tanc«s} cannot bo
given, much must be referred to your own discretion as
commanding general of the expedition. You will, how-
ever, in geneial avail yourself of the services of any per-
sons, whether fugitives fiotn labor or not, who may offer
them to the national Government. You will employ suck
persons in such sejufcce  as they may be fitted for, either as
ordinary employes, or, if special cneum^tanees seem to re-
quire it, in any other capae^y, in such oiganization, in
squads, companies or otherwise, as yon may deem most ben-
eficial to the service. Thisy however, not to menu a general
arming of them for militaiy service. You will assure all
loyal masters that Congress will provide ju*t compensation
to them tor the loss of the s>pi vices of the persons so em-
ployed. It is believed that the cotnse thus indicated will
be^t secure the substantial rights of loyal masters and the
benefits to the United States of the sei vices ot all deposed
to support the Government, while it avoids all intoiforence
with the social systems or local institutions of every State
beyond that which insurrection makes unavoidable, and
which a restoration of peaceful relations to tlie Union, un-
der th<> Constitution, will immediately remove.
Respectfully, SIMON CAMERON,
Secretaiy of War.
This order to General Sherman, so far from an
authority to receive and organize, arm and equip
slaves into the Army, forbids U. General Sher-
man, so far as I have been able to judge of his
conduct m the field, is a gentleman and a gallant
soldier. His instruction bears date 14th October,
1861, before the fell spirit of abolition had thrust
itself into the conduct and management of this
war, and into the delibeiations and actions of
Congress. I have some facts and reasons for his
being superseded in his command by this aboli-
tion General Hunter.
In conclusion, I would with all the fervor of sup-
plication implore the Piesident and his advisers to
pause m this mad and impolitic scheme of emanci-
pation, by Congress or by the Army, and adhcie
to the original purposes for which the Army was
called to the field. All who are for preserving the
Constitution as it i-g and restoi ing the Union as it
was, will give to his efforts for these objects a firm,
united, and patriotic support. And I say to the abo-
litionists, if they are not in favor of such a result
and such a Union, whether in the field or the coun-
cils of the nation, get outof the way, and we, the
true Union men m the States and in the field, under
the providence of God, will save the Constitution
ai*d the Union without your aid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. Deeply regretting that the
venerable gentleman from Kentucky has seen fit
to bring the negro again into this House, and be-
lieving the discussion or agitation of the negro
question at this critical juncture of our national
affairs to be pernicious, I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. T hen the gentleman should keep
his negro bills out of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to lay on the table. I will
renew it. I will occupy the time of the House
but for a minute or two.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I yield to the gentleman
on that condition.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot yield the
floor unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. McKAHGHT. If that be the tact, I pre-
fer not to yield. I do not think a general discus-
sion upon this subject would be at all piofitable
at this time.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, and yield tho floor uncondition-
ally. I \vi(J renew his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Very well. I withdraw
the motion, and yield tho floor unconditionally.
Mr. MALLORY obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.'
t submit that the floor having been assigned to
thegentlcman from Pennsylvania, he has no right
to yield it jn such a way that one gentleman shall
get it, and another gentleman shall not.
Mr. MALLORY. Thcgenth -■man fiom Penn-
sylvania has yielded the floor unconditionally,
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order,
and ask the Chair to decide it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
the gentleman makes any point of order. The
gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall redeem my implied
pledge to the House not to take up much of their
time upon this matter. { merely wish to put my-
self right in regard to a statement made to my
venerable colleague who has just addressed the
House.
