1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
tion under the law of the land." Let these rebels
know that by confederating as conspirators for
the overthrow of the only form of State govern-
ment which could exist under the Constitution,
they must submit to the administration of justice
proposed until they can get another State organi-
zation under the Constitution, The only limita-
tion that is imposed upon the power of this Gov-
ernment in the pieniises is that whenever any of
these Territories presents a State government or-
ganized in subordination to the Federal Consti-
tution, and recognizcd as such by the Federal Gov-
ernment, the State authouty will be again estab-
lished. That, sir, is my argument in reply to the
•suggestion about State rights.
Those who would assert State rights must or-
ganize a judiciary under solemn oath to support
the Federal Constitution, they must organize a
Legislature on solemn oath to supportthe Federal
Constitution, they must organize an executive
department upon a solemn oath to support the
Federal Constitution, and until they do that they
cannot exercise State rights. Thus their treason-
able civil organization, while it is void as against
the Federal Government, operates an absolute for-
feituie of all their powers and rights as States.
It is perfectly clear to my mind that no State
which once existed in this Union can destroy its
constitutional State government without the per-
jury of its Legislature, who must, by providing
for secession, break the oath by which they were
bound to support the Constitution of the United
States. The executive, legislative, and judicial
officers in those lebel States who aided this de-
struction of their constitutional State—and nearly
all of them did so—only accomplished it through
their broken oaths. They stand this day clothed
with perjury as with a garment before their God
and their country. Yet after such black infamy
as this, wc hear all this clamor about their State
rights and their private rights and the sacredness
of their divine institution—that great civihzcr.
The gentleman spoke of Kentucky going away
from the Union,
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not. She is not
going.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says now
that she is not going. I am glad he has changed
his mind, and is willing to let her .stay. But he
stated before, that ifCongtess intei fered with the
civilizer she would not stay I would like him to
tell us how Kentucky would go out of the Union
*f she should be mad enough to try it? It depends
«pon circumstances whether she will remain in
the Union or not, I hope circumstances will con-
strain her to stay. We believe that the initiation
of emancipation, of full and complete emancipa-
tion, will put an end to this civil war.
After slavery is abolished, or put m process of
ultimate but certaniextinction, iheie will be noth-
ing left for traitois to figlit for. It is the sole cause
of this great treason, and it is time that the world
knew and comprehended the fact. This great war
is a conflict for freedom and free institutions on
the part of the a rmies of the Union, against armed
traitors who seek to build and perpetuate upon
the ruins of representative government the most
unlimited and atrocious despotism the world ever
saw.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
icsumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
WASHINGTON' GUARD-HOUSE.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
vestigate the condition of the k* oential gnaMl-house,*' used
us a prihon, under the contiol of the ptovost mai.-hah 111
this city, and qive this House information as to the allega-
tions and statements contained in the following letter of O.
E. Livingston and othei persons confined in '-aid prison.
Central Guard-I-Ioosc, Washington,
March o, 1862.
Dear Sir: Being a ptKoner and a stianger in tins city,
anil suffering trom had ueaunent and wrongs- at the hands
of the il piovost guanl/'and situated as J am, I do not know
who to apply to for icdies* unlessit is youiself. You will
paidon the Iibeity that I assume in giving you a brief dc-
sei iptioa of the treatment I leceive. The deplorable con-
dition of myself and feliow-prisoneis must be, m> apology.
Thete are twenty-one of us conhncd in a room fifteen by
eighteen, which answers the purpo>e^ of u parioi, sitting-
room, kitchen, and watei-closei." We are supposed to be
allowed soldieis' lations; but it is very few of them that we
receive. To give you an idea what food wo receivc, I will
enumerate the aiticle< wo have had lor the past three da>s,
w hich consisted simply of haul ciackeis and <ib much water
as was necessary. This is not an isolated ease. Some days
we get a small piece of beet or pork; s uch inr-tances are
u angelv visits." Wc receive neither colTee or tea, nor any
watin lood whatsoever. If we only leoeived the fare of a
State puson convict, we would be perfectly satisfied; they
receive treatment compatible with a Cln htian and enlight-
ened people. Men who left their homes and fiie&idea to
fight the battles of nur common cause, and to encounter all
the dangei-s and hardships of asQldiei ' life. are denied even
the ptivileges of a common felon. We do not piolcss to be
incarcerated here without a cause ; wo aie all liable to err,
and, to a certain extent, we are no exception fiom the rule.
Many of us are here for Uivial offenses against military dis-
cipline, and, owing to the neglect of the pioper authority,
wc aie allowed to sutler impugnment fiom one to tlnee
mouth?, without a heaung or trial. We ate not even allowed
soap to wash our clothes, consequently some of the pris-
oner aie obliced to weai then clothc.s until they arc in a
very filthy condition, and in a great many cases full of ver-
min. Xow, a man is supposed to be innocent until he is
proven guilty ; they should, 1 think, be tieated accordingly.
Unlp><- >ome pei>on in proper authoiity investigates our
condition, we will continue to sufTei ail the hotroisofa
<k bastile." If the military authonties whh to dispose of
us, we would much lathei meet death in any shape other
than gradual «ta  vation, winch would mostasatiiedly be the
fate of .some of the more delicate constituted if they were
not supplied with mone> by their fnends; those that cannot
get money have to sufier. We can buy coffee fiom the
guaid by paymg fifteen cents tor a canteen full. They get
it from then quarters, and pocket the money. Is there not
a licavy penally fot selling Government propert) ?
I would not trouble you with a recital of my sufferings
only my Colonel (Ruger)isatpiCsentni Vngmia with Gen-
eral Banks, consequently not in a situation to render me
any assistance.
j will not trespass any longer on your time; but I hope
you will consider thi-s communication of enough weight to
at least satisfy yom&elf of us ttiuhfuhiess, which jou can
do by examining into thi< statement, and, as a Representa-
tive of a fiee people, expose any wiong that is peipetrated
on your constituent.
Youis very respectfully, ('. 33. LIViNGSTON,
Company F, Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.
I certify that the foregoing statement is true.
WILLIAM GRAY",
Ninth Rcsimcnt N. Y. S. M,
I eeitify that the foregoing statement is eonect.
WILLIAM II. WRIGHT,
Assistant JVagonniastei Qtiai tor master's DepH.
We certify that the foregoing statement i- corteet.
GKOivGK W. ('OATS,
JAMKS McKENNEY,
PATRICK DUMl'SY,
Nineteenth N. V. S. V.
[ reitify that the foregoing statement is correct.
It. C. KUIJLY,
Forly-Fijth N. Y. S. V.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the debate m the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the tax bill should be limited to five minutes.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARDING, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 13, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. J. S. Kesutard, of Washington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EUROPEAN' RAILWAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in compliance with the resolution of the
Senate of the 11th instant, calling for a copy of
the correspondence on the files of the Department
of State in regard to railway systems in Europe;
j which, on motion of Mr. Chandler, was ordered
i to lie on the table, and be printed.
j PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
I Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
i of Michigan, praying for the establishment of a
i military road from the copper region of Lake Su-
1 perior to connect with the nearest, railway station
j at Appleton, Wisconsin; which was referied to
'l the Committee oil Military Affairs ana the Mi-
i ''Mr. MORRILL presented resolutions of the
j Legislature of Maine relative to the defense of the
coast of that State; which were, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a weekly mail route from Water-
town, in Carver county, to Kandiyohi, in Kan 
diyohi county, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a national armory and fouridery
at Hollidaysburg, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
lie also presented a petition of the Mayor and
other citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the im-
position of a fair and just tax to sustain the credit
of the United States Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lu-
zerne county, Pennsylvania, praying for the total
abolition of slavery throughout the country, lib-
erating unconditionally the slaves of all who are
rebels, and allowing for the emancipated slaves
of such as are loyal to the Government a fair pe-
cuniary award; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of the
sachems and counselors of the Rockbridge tribe
of Indians, residing in Wisconsin, praying that
the Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
directed to expend the fund of §6,000, set apart
under the fourth article of the treaty of 1839, in
purchasing supplies and other necessaries for the
benefit of that tribe; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. POWELL.
Mr. DAVIS. There appearing to be but little
press of morning business, I ask the Senate to
indulge me in calling up the case of my colleague
for consideration. The Legislature of Kentucky,
as I intimated a few days ago,is now in session;
it proposes to adjourn early next week; and
whatever may be the action of the Senate in the
case of my colleague, whether it be to retain him
in his seat or to expel him, I should like exceed-
ingly to have the action take place before the Legis-
lature adjourns, for a reason which I assigned the
other day, and which it is unnecessary for me to
repeat. If the Senate will take up the ease, I flat-
ter myself we can get through with it to-day.
Mr. FOOT. Before the question is put on the
motion of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
I would suggest to him what, pel haps, has escaped
his recollection—that a special order was assigned
for half past twelve o'clock this morning, on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
who expressed a wish to be heard upon that prop-
osition, whenthathour should arrive. Itisso near
at hand that I presume the Senator from Ken-
tucky will not care to press his motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all. I give way for that
with a great deal of pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. For the present.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on the
Post Oflice and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 218) providing for a steam coast
mail between San Francisco and Crescent City, in
the State of California, with service at interme-
diate ports, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE. On the 10th of March I submitted
a written report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in reference to the establishment of a na-
val depot on the western lakes. The report has
been printed, and concluded with a resolution dis-
charging the committee from the memorials. I
believe the vote was not taken on that resolution.
I wish that it may be taken now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report.
The resolution is as follows;
Resolved* That the conmuttce be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorials, petitions, and resolu-
tions herein named.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WADE subsequently entered a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
