3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Does the gentleman say
that Jackson issued a proclamation at New Or-
leans?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Have you a copy of it,
and can I see it?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have a copy, and I will read
it. First I will read the law of Rhode Island,
which has been cited:
"Wheieas, for the preservation of the rights and liberties
of the United States, it is necessary that the whole poweis
of Government should be exerted in reeiuiting the Conti-
nental battalions; and whereas his Excellency, General
Washington, hath inclosed to this State a proposal, made to
him by Brigadier General Variium, to enlist into the two bat-
talions raising by this State such >lave* as. should be willing
to enter into the service; and whereas history affords us fre-
quent precedents of the wisest, the freest, and bravest na-
tions having liberated their slaves and enlisted them as sol-
diers to fight in defense of their country; and also wiieteas
the enemy, with a great force, have taken possession of the
capital, and of a great part of this State, and this State is
obliged to raise a very considerable numberof troops for its
own immediate defense, whereby it is in a manner rendered
impossible lor this State to furnish recruits for the said two
battalions, without adopting the said measure so recom-
mended:
"It is voted and resolved, That every able-bodied negro,
mulatto, or fridian man slave in this State may enlist into
either of the said two battalion-, toseive dunns the continu-
ance of the present war with Gieat Britain; that every slave
so enlisting shall be entitled to and receive all the bounties,
wages, and encouragements, allowed by the Continental
Congress to any soldier enlisting into their service.
<%It is fut titer voted and retolvcd, That every slave so en-
listing shall, upon his passing mu-ter before Colonel Christo-
pher Greene, be immediately discharged from the service of
his master or mistress, and be absolutely free, as though he
had never been incumbered with any kind of servitude or
slavery; andin case Mich slave shall, by sickness or other-
wise, be rendeied unable to maintain himself, he shall not
be chargeable to his master or mistress, but shall be sup-
ported at the expense of the State."
During the reading of the above, the following
proceedings tooks place:
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, that is not Jackson's
proclamation. The other is not denied.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is the Rhode Island
case.
Mr. STEVENS. All, well, that is familiar to
all readers of history.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It docs not necessarily fol-
low that it is familiar to gentlemen upon the other
side of the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Illinois*
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; I do not like to ie-
fuse.
Mr. Lovkjoy then finished the reading of the
above.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. f JuTciiiNb] furnishes me with General Jack-
eon \s proclamation, which is as follows:
IIliADQUAR ri-.RS, SEVENTH MlUTvRY DISTRICT,
iUoun.r:, September iii, 1614.
To (he free colorcd inhabitants of Louisiana :
Thioiigh a mistaken policy von h.iv been heretofoie de-
prived oi a pai lioipuuon m the gjoi uuis sti uggle loi national
lights in winch oui country is engaged. Tlu^ no longer
shall exist.
As son-5 of freedom, you are now called upon to defend
oui most inestimable Messing. As .Ani'Mieans, yonr eoun-
tiy looks with confidence to her adopted children loi aval-
orous suppott, as a faithful return for the advantages en-
joyed under her mild and equitable government. As lather-*,
husbands, and brother-, ji>u aie summoned to l.iliy aiound
the standard of the eagle to deiend all winch is dear in ex-
istence.
Yom country, although calling for vour exertion-, does
not wish you to engage in her eau-e without teinuneiaung
\ou loi tin; seivices rendered. 1'oui intelligent mind-. ;ue
not to be led ,uvay by fuUe lcpio.-entations. Vour lov^ ot
honor would eau-e you to dc5pt->c the man who should at-
tempt to deceive j-ou. With the ^iiivoiily of a .-oklfer and
the language ot truth I addiess you.
To eveiy noble-heaited freeman of oulorvojunteering to
serve dining the present contest with Gsent liiuain. and
nu longet, there wiii be paid the same bounty, m money
ami lands, now received by the white soldier* of the Uni-
ted States, namely, $124 111 money, and one hundted and
sixty acies ot laud. The non-commis-ioned oilieeis and
privates will also be entitled to the same momhly pav, daily
ration^, am! clothe-2, fuuu-hod to any American -oJdicr.
On enrolling yourselves 111 companies, the major genetal
commanding will select officer* lot youi government fiom
\our white tWfow citizens. Youi non-commi-sioncd oili-
cers will be appointed tiom among j'ourselve-.
Due regard will be paid to the feelings of fireman and
soidi"rb. You will not, by being associated with white
men in the same coip-, bo expo-ed toimpiopercomparison
01 unjust sarcasm. As a di-tmct, independent battalion or
regiment, pur-uing the path of glory, you will, undivided,
receive the applau-e and giaiiiude of your countrymen.
To a->-me \ 011 of the sincerity of my intentions, and my
anxiety to engage your invaluable services to our countiy,
I have communicated my wishes to the Governor of Lou-
isiana, who is fully informed us to the mannei of enroll-
ments, and will give 3*011 every necessary lnfoimation on
the subject of this addiess. ANDREW JACKSON,
Motor General Coi<imaiuli,iK.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And now, if the gentleman
will allow me, I will read the address of General
Jackson to his colored soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I read it from the Life of
Jackson:
"Soldiers! from the shores of Mobile I collected you
to arms; 1 invited you to share in the perils and to divide
the glory of your white countrymen. I expected much
from you, for 1 was hot uninformed of those qualities which
must render you so formidable to an invading foe. I knew
that you could endure hunger and thirst, and all the hard-
ships of war. I knew that you loved the land of your na-
tivity, and that, like ourselves, you had to defend all that
is mos.t dear to man j but you surpass my hopes, i have
found in you, united to those qualities, that noble enthu-
siasm which impels to great deeds."
And now, if the gentleman will allow me, I
want to add thatNiles, in his History of the War
of 1812, states that fully one fourth of the men
who fought the battle of Lake Erie, under Com-
modore Perry, were negroes.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman is mis-
taken in that.
Mr. STEVENS. This is common history;
the history of the world, and the history of our
country; and I was astonished, therefore, at the
remark of the gentleman who last addressed you
from Kentucky. I again assert, there is no record
to the contrary in the history of nations every-
where; nations have always employed colored
tnen when it became necessary, and colored slaves
where it was necessary—liberating them,
Mr. SEDGWICK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to read a paper
which has been furnished me by the librarian of
the State of New York upon the subject of the
employment ot colored men in the armies of other
countries:
" Negroes under Monarchical Governments.—The
monaiclucal Governments of Europe and America, those
that tolerate slavery and those that do not. alike agiee in
employing negroes armed for the public defense. " They
find that the burdens of war, and the sacrifice of life it oc-
casions, are too great to be borne by the white race alone.
They call upon the colored races therefore to share in the
burden and to encounter, in common with the whites, the
1 isks of loss of life.
" Thus we find that in the Spanish colony of Cuba, with a
population one half slaves and one sixth colored, a militia
ot tree blacks and tnulattoes was directed by Geucial Pez-
uela (Governor General) to be organized in 1854 thioughont
the Hand, and it was put upon an equal footing with re-
gaid to privilege with the regular ainiv. Tins mea-ure was
not rescinded by Governor Getieial Concha in lb" 5, but the
black and mulatto tioops have, been made a peimanent
emps ot the Spanish auny. (Condensed 111 the very plua^es
of Thrasher's preface to his edition ot Humboldt's Cuba.)
u In the Poituguese colonies on the eoa-t of Aliica, the
regiments are chiefly eompo&ed of black men. At Prince's
i-land the garn-on consists ot a company 01 leguiai artil-
Ifiy of eighty, and a regiment of black nnlitia 01 ten hun-
dred and tifiy-eight rank and file, of which the colonel is a
white man. At St. Thomas's there are two regiments of
black militia, In Loando, the Portuguese can, on an einni-
geney of wai with the natives, bung into the field tweuty-
tive thousand partially civilized blacks armed With mus-
kets. Successful expeditions have actually been made with
five thousand of them accompanied with three oriour bun-
dled white soldieis. (From Vaidoz's Six Years 011 the
West Coast of Africa. London: 1 if 6 i. Two vols. 6vo.)
"In the Dutch colony of the Gold Coast ot Afnca, with'
a population ot one bundled thousand, the giurifton ot the
lortre-seoiiMstsof two bundled soJdieis, whites, mulaitoes,
and blacks, under a Butch colonel.
u In the capital of the French colony of Senegal, on the
same coast, at St. Louis, the delenso of the placc is m the
hands, oi eight hundiod white and tluee bundled black sol-
diers. (The preceding facts are also from Valdez )
"■In the Danish i-laiul ol St. Ciojk, in the Wen Indies,
for raoie than twcntv-five yeats pa-t, theie have been em-
ployed two coip^of coloted soldicis, in the piesence of
-laves. (Fiom Tuckerman's Santa Ciuz.)
'* in Diazil, notwithstanding its three million slaves, its
monarcluc.il Govei mnent employs all eolois and races 111 the
military scivice, either by enlistment or foiciblc seizure.
The police of the city of llio de J an en o i^ a milit.ny oi {ion-
ization compo«.ed mostly of colored men, drilled and com-
manded by aimy officers. The navy is puncipally manned
by civilized aborigines. (Hidder; Evvbank.)
•'The course puisued by the [Juti-h Goveinment in Ja-
maica, Steirn Leone, and Hmdo-tan, is so notouou-s as
simply to need to be mentioned.
"in Tui key, no distinction of coloi or race is made in the
tank- of the jegulni (limy. Distinction is made, however,
on the gtouud o"fdifference of faith. The aimy is composed
oOIohammeclans. Christians and Jews are nevei reci uitcd.
The rt'sjjJi i,s one winch the Government of Turkey to-day
contemplates with alarm. Foi the last two hundicd years,
having been frequently ensaged in war, her Mohammedan
population has boen gieatly reduced thereby, while her
Chusti.tn population, at one time greatly infeiior m lium-
beis. has now by peace so extraoidmanly increased as to
bid tan .soon to divide the empire. And she dare not now,
in their stien^th. arm them as her soldicis as conscripts,
notwithstanding her desire to do it."
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor.
Mr. DiVEN. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot refuse.
Mr. DIVEN. I wish to take this opportunity,
by the indulgence of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, to say that I have regarded as one of the
most important measures of legislation that has
been neglected by this House a provision for mus-
tering black men into our service. I have had a
bill in my desk for the last two weeks, which I
havesoughtan opportunity to introduce, prepared
with as much care and deliberation as I could de-
vote to it, providing for the mustering of black
men into our scrvice, and employing them in those
regions where white men, until they are accli-
mated, cannot be successful during the hot season;
and, in my judgment, every hour that Congress
neglects to provide such a force of acclimated men
for the defense of the country which we have
wrung from the rebels of the South, they are liv-
ing in criminal neglect of the lives of white men.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether his bill provides for the enlistment
of the slaves of runaway rebels?
Mr. DIVEIN". It provides for the enlistment of
all, whether the slaves of rebels or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to know it.
Mr. STEVENS. I thnnk the gentleman from
New York for reading that portion of history
which many of us knew, but which many did not.
I have just been told by a distinguished Senator
from Vermont that during the last war he himself
saw a regiment of colored soldiers—the tenth regi-
ment. I was not myself aware that there was any
such regiment, but there is no doubt of the fact.
I repeat again, therefore, that no variation from
this policy can be found in the history of the world.
1 thank the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Diyen] for the bill which he intended to introduce.
I should have brought forward one before this if
I could have afforded it, but I was not a " con-
servative," and it would have been called aboli-
tionism. [Laughter.] Hence it would have been
defeated. I did suggest the idea to a member of
the Cabinet five months ago, and he was afraid of
the same thing, although he approved of the em-
ployment of colored soldiers. I say that it is the
duty of this Government to follow out the policy
which has been inaugurated by that gallant and
sagacious soldier who now commands our army
in South Carolina. I said at the opening of this
session, and I repeat it, that you will never put
down secession until you take that course. You
cannot conquer the South so long as you leave
them their slaves to cultivate the soil through the
hot months, when that awful god with the silver
bow shoots his fiery tiriuws to the very heait of
eveiy white man who goes into the South. Untii
you adopt that policy, even if you weie to over-
run all the cotton States, you must give them up
in the summer, for you could not hold them.
An overseer, as we all know petfectly well, on the
rice plantations of South Carolina, dare not, al-
though acclimated, stay outside his house after
nightfall; but he goes within it, and the black man
docs the work. Youmustputacciimatedsoldiers,
men whose peculiar constitutions will bear the
climate, to be your sentinels amid the fogs and
damps of the southern summer nights. If you put
a white man to stand sentinel there for a single
night, it is certain death to him. if there be any
who hate this more than the rebellion, let them say
so; those who desire that every northern volunteer
shall fall a victim to the pestilential miasmas of the
South, and that there shall then be a disgraceful
submission to triumphant traitors, had better fol-
low the course of our friends across the way, for I
believe, as God is my judge, that such will be the
inevitable result of then* policy.
Mr. Speaker, I will tell you my whole policy,
for it amounts to nothing, I suppose, in practice.
No man will listen to it, either in the Cabinet coun-
cil or here, and therefore it can do no harm, not
e\en to the new " conservative" party, made up
of the old Democratic party, of the border State
Whigs, who are now Democrats, and otherspi ink-
lings. They will not, I am sure,be corrupted by
what I say. The evil will only fall upon myself.
I am for sending the Army through the whole
slave population of the South, and asking them
to come from their masters, to take the weapons
which we furnish, and to join us in this war of
freedom against traitors and rebels. And until
that policy is adopted, 1 again repeat, I have no
