2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
the clause of the Constitution of the United States
which declares that no attainder of treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture beyond the
life of the person attainted has any meaning. 1
will not say that it is unconstitutional. I have had
great difficulty myself in construing that clause of
the Constitution. I have been inclined to think,
however, that the clause does mean what all the
commentators say it was intended to mean, and
that is, that you could not talie the real estate of the
traitor beyond his life. I am inclined to think that
is the meaning of that clause of the Constitution,
though I am not very clear that that is the mean-
ingof it. Ifitdoes not mean that, I scarcely know
what that language does mean. But if it does mean
that you cannot take the real estate of a traitor
from his posterity, from his heirs; if it does mean
that you cannot forfeit the real estate of the traitor
except for his life—then this first section is at war
with the Constitution.
Now, sir, I hold that we may take the real es-
tate of these rebels; we may take the whole of it;
we may confiscate every foot of ground they own;
there is no difficulty about it, in my judgment;
but you cannot confiscate the property of the rebels
through the judicial tribunals as traitors any more
than you can take the lives of the rebels through
the judicial tribunals in this war. Why, sir, we
are engaged in war, bloody, desperate, terrible,
desolating war; and when engaged in this war, we
have a right to take the life, liberty, and property
of the rebels in order to put the war down; and
the courts have no more to do with the taking of
the property of a rebel than they have with "the
taking of the life of the rebel. The clause of the
Constitution which has been so often quoted,
which guaranties protection of life, liberty, and
property to every citizen, except it be taken by
due process of law, protects the life and liberty of
the individual as well as it does his property; but
somehow or other a distinction seems to be drawn
in favor of the property. The great rights of life
and liberty used to be considered more sacred than
everything else; for the question is asked," what
shall a man give for his life ?" It seems, liow-
cvei, that a distinction is now drawn, and prop-
erty has become much more sacred, and the guar-
antees of the Constitution protect it much more
efficiently than they do the life or liberty of the
citizen.
I do not object to this first section of the bill
on the ground that Congress has not power to take
the real estate of these rebels; I believe it has; but,
sir, if you take the owner of that real estate into
the civil tribunals of the country, into the courts,
and there try him as a traitor, I ask you if you
can then, under that clause of the Constitution,
forfeit his property ? You can do it by way of a
fine, this section says. This first section of the
bill prescribes the punishment for treason, and
nothing else. It defines treason. It says:
That every person who shall heicafler commit the crime
of treason against the United States, and shall he adindged
guilty theieof, shall sutler death, and all his slaves, 11 any,
shall lie declared and made Ireo; or he shall be imprisoned
for not less than five years, and fined not less than .<$10,000,
and all his slaves, if any, shall be declared anil made tree.
We have the phrase in regard to slaves twice
over. I do not exactly understand what it means.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] suggests that
the traitor shall elect whether he shall be hunt*
and have his slaves forfeited; that it is not left to
the court to determine, but that he shall be pun-
ished one way or the other, and ho assumes that
the. traitor will elect. It would seem, on the prin-
ciple that seems to be advocated by some Sena-
tors, as property is much more valuable than life,
that he will probably elect to bo hung and save
his land.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. And his
negroes,
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he does not save his
negroes by being hunsr. His negroes are forfeited
even if ho is hung. However, I do not suppose
that is the meaning of the section,and I design to
treat it fairly. I presume the intention is that the
court, in its discretion, should determine which
kind of punishment should be imposed under this
section of the bill.
But here is the provision that is unconstitu-
tional,ifit be true that Congress has nopowei to
prescribe a punishment for treason which shall
take the leal estate of the traitor from his heirs:
Paid line shall be levied and collected on any oi all of
the piopertv. real and personal, excluding slaves,of which
the said person so convicted was the owner at the time of
committing the said ciime, any sale or conveyance to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Now, whatdoes the bill propose ? It proposes
to punish treason, nothing else. It proposes to
punish treason by a judicial conviction; in no other
way. It proposes as a punishment for treason to
take the real estate of the traitor forever. What
does the Constitution say ? No attainder of trea-
son shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture
beyond the life of the person attainted; that no
conviction of treason shall have that effect. I do
not propose to argue this subject. I have given
my views to the Senate upon this point, and I
should be disposed to be governed very much by
the vote of the Senate. I admit that I have had
great difficulty in understanding what this clause
of the Constitution means; but I am very clear
that if you can take the real estate of a traitor ju-
dicially convicted under the name of a fine, you
may take it in any other way. It does not alter
it, whether you say he shall forfeit all his real es-
tate, or whether you say he shall be fined a sum
sufficient to take all his real estate. It can not make
any difference whether it is under the name of a
fine or forfeiture. The language of the Constitu-
tion is, it shall not work a forfeiture; and it docs
not matter whether it is by declaring a forfeiture
or by assessing a fine which shall take the whole
of the real estate.
Mr. CLARK. I expected an assault to he
made upon the bill by those who wanted to take
property without any trial. I did not suppose a
trial would suit such persons; it is not quick
enough. But I hope, notwithstanding, the Sen-
ate will not consent to strike out this section. By
the old law, the punishment of tieason was death,
and is death by the law now. In the circum-
stances of this rebellion, where there is a great
variety of shades of guilt, where there is the man
who leads on and incites the rebellion, and the
man who is drawn into it, the committee thought
there should be a difference in punishment; that
in some cases death would not be too severe, and
in other cases death would be too severe, where
some punishment should be inflicted. If the law
should be permitted to stand as it now stands, if
you tiy a person for treason he must be executed
unless pardoned. You cannot imprison him; you
cannot fine him; but you must take his life, or
pardon him. W\i desired to give discretion to
the court, not to the traitor, as the Senator sug-
gests, though he says he was not serious in that.
Mr. WADE. Then why not say, in the dis-
cretion of the court?
Mr. CLARK. Because every lawyer under-
stands who inflicts judgment, who inflicts punish-
ment. It is not necessary to say that the court
should render the judgment. The court always
do that. He is to be punished. Who inflicts the
punishment.'' The court. He is punished by
death and the liberation of his slaves, or punished
by imprisonment and fine, and the liberation of
his slaves. Wc inserted the words about the lib-
eration of slaves twice over, because there are
two punishments declared here, and we meant
that that expression should apply to each of them;
that there should be no mistake about it, but
should be distinct; that the punishment should
either be death and the liberation of slaves, or
impiisonment and fine and the liberation of the
slaves,
I wish to say a word upon the other point. I
do not mean to follow the Senator in his line of
argument. I do not mean to wander away from
the'section, for I desire to say to the Senate now [
that if, after spending a day or two upon the con- I
sideration of this bill, the chairman of the Com- I
mittee on Finance deems it his duty to antago- i
nize and call up the tax bill against this one, I
shall feel bound to yield, and "I shall yield. I
therefoie desire the friends ofth is measure to stand
by me and see if we cannot push it through early.
I do not intend to take up the time in debate. But
now to the other point, that you cannot take real
property under the last clauseof the first section.
Does not the Senator from Illinois know that a
fine is not a forfeiture' There is no pretense of
forfeiture in this bill—not the least in the world.
It says the man shall be fined. If the man pays
his fine, you do not touch his estale further. You
hold the estate as secuiity that he shall pay his
fine. That is all there is of it. It is the refusal
to pay the fine that works the forfeiture of the
estate in any case, not the imposition of the fine.
You take a man's estate for assault and battery;
you fine him and collect your fine. So a judgment
on a civil debt works a forfeiture in just the same
way. You sell his estate if he does not pay the
debt. So here, ifa man does not pay the fine, you
sell his estate. That is all there is of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not intended to assess
a fine that shall be equal to everything he has?
Mr. CLARK. Exactly as the court shall say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I undeistood the author
of the bill to state in his argument that that was
the intention.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont may have said this—I do not now recollect
his precise language—that a man 'sestate might be
taken under that, if he did not pay his fine, and
the whole of it. There is no doubt of that. You
can take it for an assault; you can take it to sat-
isfy a judgment for a debt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can you take it for trea-
son? That is the question.
Mr. CLARK. In this form I undertake to say
you can; I have not any doubt about it. The
couit say this man shall pay this fine. He says
he will not; he is in contempt of court, and then
we can take his real estate and make him pay the
fine. This is all there is about it; all the com-
mittee understand by it.
Now, I appeal to Senators whether it is not wise
in this rebellion to make these two punishments
in regard to treason. You do not want to hang
everybody; you may want to punish, by fine and
imprisonment, some men that you do not want
to hang; and let me suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that if he desires that these rebels shall be
punished, he will be much more likely to punish
them by having the alternative punishment in the
discretion of the court, than he will by having it
death alone, because the court will have some
discretion in regard to it, and fsubmit that he had
better retain it in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand that the sec-
ond section provides for that class of cases. The
second section provides—
That if any person shall hereafter incite, set on foot,
assist, or engage in any rebellion or insurrection against
the authority of the United States, or the l.rn-s thereof, or
shall give aid or comfort thereto, oi shall engage in, or give
aid and comfort to, any such existing rebellion or insm-
lection, and he convicted thereof, such person shall be pun-
ished by the foi feiture of ail his personal properly of eveiy
kind whatsoever, including choses in action, &c.
You have another section providing for that
class of persons who are not so culpable, or who
are not the worst of the traitors. I think that is
covered by the second section of the bill, but I am
not disposed to lighten the punishmentfor treason
at tins particular time.
Mr. CLARK. That might be so, or it might
not be so. The offense described in the second
section is a new offense—the offense of inciting
and setting on foot rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Or assisting it.
Mr. CLARK. Or assisting it in any way. It
might amount to treason, or it might not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How "not?"
Mr. CLARK. There may be a rebellion which
may not amount to a levying of war. It may not
be an armed rebellion. It may be an insurrection
that does not amount to levying war. I do not
say that it would be so in the case of the present
rebellion. If a man is indicted for treason, I want
the court to have some discretion in regard to it,
because it may turn out on the trial that there are
circumstances mitigating it which the attorney
who indicted him for treason did not know of. If
there are none, let the court inflict such punish-
ment as they think he deserves. It certainly can
do no harm, and may do a great deal of good.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is #f vast importance,
as I understand the purport and effect of a recent
decision of the circuit court of Hie United States
for the southern district of Ohio, where Judge
Swaynehas recently pronounced judgmentquash-
ingem indictment against certain persons who were
indicted for aiding and assisting in this rebellion.
The court, in quashing the indictment, held that
those words in the Constitution are solely appli-
cable to aiding and assisting a foreign enemy, and
do not apply to aid and assistance rendered now
to persons in rebellion within the limits of the
Union. Therefore these words in the second sec-
tion, which give this new punishment for aiding
and giving comfort to the existing rebellion, are
