1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3127
hope of success. I do not view it as an abolition
or as an emancipation question. I view it as the
means, and the only means, of putting down this
rebellion; and if in doing that we extinguish the
cause of the rebellion, I shall not mourn for it—I
say the cause of the rebellion, which is slavery.
Do we not all agree to that except slaveholders
and a few other gentlemen who sympathize with
them, whom I could name? Every religious de-
nomination in the free States has within the last
six months so pronounced it. The Methodists,
that most numerous and not least pious of sects,
have in their association, borne decided testimony
that slavery is the real cause of this rebellion.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to say just here that
I am as anxious as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania can be,.and I think from a stronger motive
than self-interest, to put down this rebellion.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt of it. I do
not doubt it.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say one word.
Mr. STEVENS. We differ in opinion as to
the mode. That is all.
Mr. MALLORY. I believe that the slaves of
southern rebels should be used by our Army as
our Army advances. I believe that they should be
taken and used for all the menial services of the
camp, and to work upon fortifications and every-
thing of that sort. I consider their uses for such
purposes legitimate; but I object to arming them
for two reasons which I want to state to the gen-
tleman for the purpose of putting myself right.
The first of these reasons is, that when armed, they
■will be turned loose against those who have been
heretofore their masters, and that when they get the
ascendency their practice will be the indiscriminate
slaughter of men, women, and children, wherever
they go.
The second objection that I have is this: thatyou
can not for your life make of the slaves of the south-
ern States an army whose services in the field
will pay for the expenses of organizing them. One
shot of a cannon would disperse thirty thousand
of them.
Mr. STEVENS. Then they will do no injury
to the rebels who light them. Why, then, object
to them as asavage and barbarous racc, if one gun
will disperse an army of them?
Mr. MALLORY. I have just stated the reason.
Mr. STEVENS. I know, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentleman from Kentucky is sincere. He and
I only differ about the mode. That is ail. I say
that 1 am in favor of employing slaves against
their former masters. I am glad that the gentle-
man from Kentucky is for employing them for
some purpose. For what purpose? Why, for
some menial purpose. I suppose they would be
kept employed till after peace is made, and then
sent back to their masters unhurt, under the fugi-
tive slave law. In the mean time I am for putting
them in the front rank of this battle. 1 would
raise a hundred thousand of them to-morrow, and
have them drilled. History tells us that they make
the best and most docile soldiers in the world.
They arc not barbarians in nature. They are a
people as well calculated to be humanized as any
other. Prom the time of Homer to the present
time, the " blameless sons of Ethiopia" has been
a proverb. It is false to say that they are not ca-
pable of being made good soldiers and humane
soldiers. In St. Domingo the slaves, while fight-
ing for liberty, saved their white masters, and c>ent
off many who escaped. Where they could not
help it, they killed their masters, as they had a
right to do. Sir, I would put these slaves in the
front of the battle. 1 would take away all those
who help the rebels to raise grain through the
heats of summer, and then the rebels would starve.
I would put these slaves where they could fight
their former masters. If men are to be shot in
this war, let it not be our cousins, relatives, and
friends. Let it be the slaves of those traitors who
have caused this war. I would to God that a hun-
dred thousand of them had been at Richmond to
receive the first fire of their villainous masters.
Instead of that, the policy which this Government
has pursued, and which this Congress has pur-
sued—compelled to it by such sentiments as I hear
on that side—has desolated Pennsylvania. The
flower of our people are moldering in the swamps
of Virginia because we will not employ those who
ought to be fighting this battle. New England in
every hamlet mourns her dead. So do the middle
and western States. And I am to stand here and
to be told that it will not do to let black men shoot
and be shot instead of white men ! I abhor the
doctrine, and I abhor and despise the policy which
has murdered my neighbors and my friends. The
blood of thousands and tens of thousands of free-
men who, throughout this land,are moldering m
untimely graves, is upoiv the souls of this Con-
gress and Cabinet. ["Hear!" "Hear!" from
the gallery.] God forbid that I should withhold
this expression of sentiment.
I was going on to say that slavery was the cause
of this war. I have said that one lehgious sect,
which I have named,had sodecided. I havelooked
into the matter, and I see that the Baptists, the
next most numerous sect, the lineal descendants
of the Puritans and the inheritors of their stern
and honest principles, have proclaimed that sla-
very is the sole cause of this war. The Lutherans
and German Reformed, who met recently in synod
in my own town and in Allentown, came to the
same resolution. Those benevolent sects, the
Univcrsalists and Unitarians, have lately passed
the same decree. The New School Presbyterians
most emphatically, and the Old School Presbyte-
rians, that powerful church under the lead of that
noble son of Kentucky, that eloquent divine, Rob-
ert J. Breckinridge, have passed a decree as em-
phatic as language could make it, that slavery is
the cause of this war. The United Presbyterian
church, embracing the Associate and the Asso-
ciate Reformed churches, have announced it as
their judgment that slavery is the cause of the war.
I have lately read the pastoral letter, written in
Passion week, of the Bishop of Orleans, in Prance
—a great and good and wise bishop—in which he
takes up the question of this insurrection and of
slavery, condemns the insurrection and slavery as
the sole cause of it, and enjoins on those who be-
lieve in that church to follow his example. He
sets forth as a dogma of the church, which is not
to be disputed, the unity of the human family.
His letter contains as follows:
" That is the pure spirit of the Gospel and of Jcmis Christ;
is it not thus that the divine Redeemer of mankind an-
nounced his mlsMonto the woild? ' The Spirit of the Lord
is bestowed on me,'said lie, 'to teach the Gospel to the
poor, to console those who weep, to cine the hioken-
heattod, to preach deliverance lo the captives, and to tho>o
who aie in bondage, libeity.?
"And, alter the divine Master, is it not Saint Paul, one of
his most let vent disciples, who shouted foith to the Pagan
world the sublime outcry, 'There exist no longer either
masters or slaves, for we all are brothers m Jesus Christ.'
Well, even at tins day, in Christian lands, after eighteen
centuries of Christianity, after those words of Jesus Christ,
after that ciy of Saint Paul, theie sttli are slaves!
'•Gentlemen, it is for this miserable and cruelly-oppressed
portion of humanity that I coinc to ask your pinyer.-. Ye*,
let us piay; let us pray for those pool slaves. And if I feel
inyrvell impelled, at this hour, to commend to you this i>ad
and holy cause, and to beg your prayers, n is because of the
holy season in which we are, and also of now* recently re-
ceived Irom distant eountiies, where this grave question is
sorely agitated, and toward which the attention of all Eu-
rope is directed.
"The faith is, that the old and the new continents are
disturbed. Politicians harangue foi and against; tiade is
interrupted ; blood Hows in civil war. We, gentlemen,
pray. In great social en«e>, in which we cannot remain
indifferent lookers-on, it is piayer alone that becomes our
great duty.
" Do not suppose, sirs, that I may take part in the lament-
able quariel which divides the United States of Ameiiea.
f am told the North nieut.- little more of sympathy than the
South; that questions of coinmeieial tariffs, or of political
predominance,have had more influence than the question
of slavery on the secession out of which the civil war has
issued. 1 am assured that the abolition party has rendered
itself odious by its extravstganccs, while the slave-owner.-*
often are men of good faith and of good hearts. I ain told
of more Catholics at the South than at the North, and of
citizens enlisted in both armies, animated by equal patriot-
ism, who, on either -tde, sincerely believe that they aie
acting jtL-tly.
u It is said if the Union be reconstructed the emancipa-
tion of the slaves it. not certain, and if the separation be-
comes complete, that emancipation is not impossible. It is
wished to persuade me that the interest®, of our manufac-
turers arc with the South, of oui eommeice with the North ;
that we ought to desne the upholding and the union of n
people whom we aided to set fiee, and which serves to
eountPipoise other nations ; oi, on the other side, that we
should tear the airirraiuiizement of a people whose example
and cneioaclnng spnit menaces the woild.
'•I do not know all that. But what I do know is, that
there arc still four million slaves in the United States, two
million in the re<t of America, together si\ million slaves in
Onristian countries eighteen hundred years alter the cruci-
fixion. What I do know is, that the horrors of civil war have
been lei loose by this fearful question, and that the -peace of
the wo)Ul is threatened, and is aheady disturbed."
X undcistand the objections of those who plead for sla-
very ; I do not desire to th>cu<H them at length. Not that
they do not tell me that slaves arc happy, and besides that
established facta become lawful through duration of time.
Slaves are happy. Yes, perhaps, under good masters; they
eat, they sleep, they have some hours of repose, perhaps
even may be dissipated at pleasure; but have they the do
mesne hearth, have they the family, have they freedom?
Poor disinterested ones of the human family, they have lost
not only the right of primogeniture, but all rights, and be-
cause they are sometimes allowed a plate of lentils, proc-
lamation is made that they are happy!"
None but hcretics will deny these truths, for
they but expose the well-known sentiments of the
Holy Father.
Now, sir, I say that General Hunter has done
that for which,if this Administration rebuke him,
it would deserve to be driven out—not as some
gentlemen in this House would drive them out,
at the point of the bayonet, but it would deserve
to be driven fiom its position, and another Cab-
inet taken which would save the white man's life,
end this war, and, if it must be, as a consequence,
extinguish the cause of it.
Sir, I can no longer agree that this Administra-
tion is pursuing a wise policy. I am sorry to be
obliged to agree with the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in condemning the policy of the Adminis-
tration, although it is for a different cause entirely.
I cannot agree to the policy which is forbidding
the employment and liberation of these men. Its
policy ought to be to order our Army wherever
they go, to free the slaves, to enlist them, to arm
them, to discipline them, as they have been en-
listed, armed, and disciplined everywhere else, and
as they can be here, and set them to shooting their
masters if they will not submit to this Govern-
ment. Call that savage, if you please. Sir, I can
hardly desire to see more of my countrymen called
into this war to help to shoot these masters and
be shot themselves, until this policy is adopted,
and until the South shall have rendered up her
full share of men—freed men—ere others can be
expected to fight for the liberties of the country,
and shall have rendered up her full share of life
and treasure. I would not only liberate them, but
I would seize every foot of laud, and every dol-
lar of their property as our armies go along, and
put it to the uses of the war and to the pay of
our debts. I would plant the South with a mil-
itary colony if 1 could not make them submit
otherwise. I would sell their lands to the soldiers
of independence; 1 would send those soldiers there
with arms in their hands to occupy the heritage
of traitors, and build up there a land of free men
and of freedom, which, fifty years hence, would
swarm with its hundreds of millions without a
slave upon its soil.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the gentleman to
yield until I can offer a resolution,
i Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Oh ! we
| have fought this warwithrcsolutionslongcnough.
! For God's sake let us stop that mode.
! Mr, MAYNARD. We have heard enough of
j this on both sides. I hope the demand for the
! previous question will not be withdrawn.
I The House divided ; and the Speaker an-
I nouncrd—ayes Gl, noes 36.
| Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the motion
| to reconsider on the table,
j Mr. WICICLIFFE. I raise the question of
| order that the motion to lay on the table could
I not be made while the House was being divided.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
: motion to lay on the table is in order.
: Air. WICKLIFFE. While the House is
! dividing on the pending question ?
| The SPEAKER. Not until the count is com-
| pleted, but the House %vas not dividing at that
i time. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh ! I knew you would.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AMtich, Alle\, Ashley,Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Butlinton, Campbell, Chamberlin, Clark, Colfax,
Itoscoe Oonkling, Cutler, Dawes, Diven, Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fes^enden, Fi an k, Granger, Gurley, Hale. Han-
cbett, Hutchins, Julian, Fianeis W. Kellorrg, William Kel-
logg, Lansing, Loomi^, Lovejoy, Low, McKuight, MePher-
son, Maynard. Moothead, Anson I\ Moirill, Justin S.
Morrill, 01m, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, John U.Rice,
Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabar-
ger, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldnig, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Wallace, Walton, Wa.shbutne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Woicester—74.
NAYS William AJI'mi. William J. Allen,. George
