1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
the Government he proposes to swear to support.
If that is notcnough, prima facie, to do away with
his right to a seat upon this floor, the whole of our
sessions are mere mockeries, if we may notpurify
ourselves by an inquiry at least into the facts of
the case. I do not prejudge them; I do not know
whether they are true or false; I simply know that
it is our duty, under the circumstances, to admit
no man to a seat on this floor whose loyalty is
impeached by gentlemen of high credit and char-
acter under oath. It seems to me that our right
and our duty to investigate this matter are clear
and conclusive.
A word in regard to the allegation of the want
of a precedent in a case like this. I suppose there
is 110 precedent, and I trust in God there may be
no occasion hereafter for any similar precedent.
There is no precedent for much of our action in
reference to this rebellion; there is no warrant in
the Constitution for much of it, and why? Simply
because no Government provides for its own dis-
solution ; hence no precedents will reach this case.
The distinguished Senator from Delaware says
that in 1812 there were Senators upon this floor
who opposed the whole action of the Government
in reference to the war of 1812. Suppose there
were Senators opposing the action of the Govern-
ment in reference to that war, were there any Sen-
ators holding seats here then who were striking
at the very existence of the Government? We
may differ, and honestly differ, in reference to the
policy of a foreign war; but can any two patriots,
can any two honest men, here or elsewhere, differ
in reference to this rebellion, which strikes at the
very existence of the Government? Is there, can
there be,any analogy between the two cases? The
policy of the war with Great Britain in 1812 was
a proper subject for investigation, for deliberation,
for honest difference of opinion; but no such case
is presented to the Senate to-day. There are no
two patriots in this body who can differ in lefer-
ence to the wicked character of this rebellion, and
our duty to put it down by the strong arm of the
Government.
It seems to me that it is not only proper to refer
these credentials, but that we shall be recreant to
our duty as American Senators if we refuse to refer
them, and to investigate the case of the Oregon
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware submit a motion?
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the subject lie
upon the table for the present; I will call it up to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying that some action be
taken for the exchange of prisoners; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented the petition of John Nelson
and others, of Leicester, Massachusetts, praying
for the total abolition of slavery throughout the
country; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that General Fremont be
promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General; which
was laid on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, remonstrating against the longer impris-
onment of General Justus McKinstry, alleging
" that he was arrested and confined withoutbeing
advised of the nature of his offense, whereof he
still remains in ignorance after forty days' incar-
ceration; that his papers have likewise been seized
and placed beyond his custody and control, with-
out explanation or assignment of cause; thatdur-
ing that long period he has not received the visits
of his family, communicated with his friends, nor
has any authoritative statement of the grounds of
General McKinstry'sanest been made to the pub-
lic," and praying that he be at once tried; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of North Bridgewater, Massachusetts; a petition
of citizens of Essex county, New York; a peti-
tion of citizens of Chester county, Pennsylvania;
two petitions of citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania; a petition of citizens of Nashua,
New Hampshire; a petition of citizens of Jeffer-
son county, Pennsylvania, and a petition of citi-
zens of Milford, Massachusetts, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
citizens of Hancock county,State of Maine, pray-
ing the abolition of slavery throughout the coun-
try; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Austin Beecher and three hundred and eleven
others, citizens of Hinesburgh, Vermont, pray-
ing the abolition of slavery, and to provide by
law for calling on all the inhabitants of the United
States, bond and free, to aid in suppressing rebel-
lion; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK presented a petition of citizens of
Hillsboro'county, New Hampshire, praying the
abolition of slavery, and to provide by law for
the calling on all the inhabitants of the United
States, bond and free, to aid in suppressing re-
bellion; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of ninety-
two citizens of Ulster county, State of New York,
praying for the abolition of slavery under the
war power; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of John
P. Dodds and others, citizcns of Morris county,
State of Kansas, praying for the establishment of
a tri-weekly mail route from Council Grove to
Topeka; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of J.
G. Devoe and two hundred others, of Rock Island,
Illinois, and the petition of H. C. Ford and one
hundred and forty others, citizens of Rock Island,
Illinois, praying for the establishment of a na-
tional armory at that place; which were ordered
to lie on the table, a bill on the subject having
been reported.
Mr. BROWNING presented seven petitions of
citizens of Rock Island county, Illinois, praying
for the location of a national armory at Rock
Island; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the citizens of
Keokuk, Iowa, praying for the establishment of
a national armory at GUiincy, Illinois; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a memorial
of the members of the late tribe of Wyandotte In-
dians, praying an appropriation for an amount
lost by discount on State stocks, and indemnity
for depredations committed on their property by
citizens of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a petition of the official mem-
bers of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Wyan-
dotte, and Quindaro Missouri-Kansas conference,
praying indemnity for their church property de-
stroyed by citizens of Kansas during the troubles
in that State in the year 1856; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of Q,uitidaro Nancy Guthrie; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of
Isaac Warwick, of Oregon, praying compensa-
tion for cattle used and driven off by United States
troops; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. KING. I present the petition of the mayor
and many citizens of Rochester, New York, in
which they respectfully represent that negroes are
capable of enduring all seasons of a southern cli-
mate, and pray that the example of Washington
and Jackson in using them for war purposes may
be followed. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING also presented the petition of the
twenty-second regiment, New York State militia,
signed by Colonel James Monroe and the other
officers of the regiment, asking a remission of the
duty on their arms; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the location of a na-
tional armory at Rock Island, Illinois; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions from citizens
of Iowa, praying the passage of an act making
homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at least one
eighth of the regular appointments in the Army
and Navy; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia..
Mr. CARLILE presented apetition of citizens
of Erie, Pennsylvania, praying that the further
agitation of slavery shall not be tolerated in either
branch of the national councils until the homes of
the free are made fully secure; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eunice Church, widow of
Joshua Lambert, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Isaac H. Randall, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George Briggs and Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 126) in relation to the arrest of
persons claimed to be held to service or labor,by
the officers of the military and naval service of the
United States, reported it with an amendment.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was recommitted the report of
the committee upon the memorial of Frederic P.
Stanton, claiming a seat on this floor as a Sen-
ator from the State of Kansas, have instructed me
to report the same back, and to state that the com-
mittee are unanimously of opinion that the addi-
tional evidence introduced affords no reason for
changing- the former report.
The resolutions reported by the committee are
as follows:
Resolved, That James H. Lane is not entitled to a seat
in this bodv.
Resolved, That Frederic P. Stanton is entitled to a seat
in thi«j body.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish the franking
puvilege. BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 27) explanatory of the "act to
increase the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar,"
approved December 24, 1861; which was read
twice by its title, and leferred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 28) in relation to the exchange of prisoners
captured on the privateer Jefferson Davis; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 138)
repealing all laws allowing bounties on the ton-
nage of vessels engaged in the bank or other cod
fisheries; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained,leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 139)
to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of the Array, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title,and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
BRIGADE SUTLER.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to repoit
to the Senate by whom, and by what authority, Silas
Seymoui was appointed brigade sutler of the brigade com-
manded by General Daniel E. Sickles.
TAX ON TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE.
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commftee on the Post Office and
I'ost Roads be in&trneted to inquire into tile expediency ol
collecting a tax on the conveyance of intelligence by tele-
giapii.
