186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
EXTRACTS OF COFFEE.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlicSceictaryof War be requested to fur
nlsh the Senate all orders, instructions, and correspondence
relating to the purchase of extracts of coffee for the use of
the troops.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,1us Secretary,
transmitting a copy of a letter to the Secretary of
State, from James 11. Partridge, secretary to the
executive committee to the industrial exhibition
to be held in London in the course of the present
year, and a copy of the correspondence to which
it refers, relative to a vessel for the purpose of
taking such articles as persons in this country may
wish to exhibit on that occasion; which was read,
and ordered to lie on the table.
SURRENDER OF MESSRS. MASON AND SLIDELL.
A message was also received from the President
transmitting copies of a correspondence which has
taken place between the Secretary of State and the
authoiities of Great. Britain and Fiance on the
subject of the recent removal of certain citizens of
the United States from the British mail steamer
Trent, by older of Captain Wilkes, in command
of the United States war steamer San Jacinto;
which was lead.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the printing of those
papers; and I also make another motion, on which
at some future day I shall desire to be heard. I
move that the papers be icfcrrcd to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. There is, Mr. President,
an important question of internalion.il law dis-
cussed in them, interesting not only to our own
country, but to all foreign countries As a pre-
cedent, it will be of great value. Without saying j
anything more now, I content myself with one .
remaik: if Great Britain has been well sustained I:
m her leecnt course, it is only because she has li
turned her back upon the practice and precedents ]|
of her history, and adopted for the moment the ,1
piactice and the precedents of American history, i!
If agreeable to the Senate, I should like to have I
the motion for the lefetence of the papers to the
Committee on Foreign Relations made the special
order foi next Thursday, at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the motion to print.
The printing was ordered; and the motion to
refer was made the special order for Thursday
next, at one o'clock.
ARMORY AT ROCK ISLAND.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill upon
the Calendar is the bill (S.No. 10) to establish a
national armory on Hock Ioland, in the State of
Illinois.
The bill was consideied by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. Tt proposes to estab-
lish on the property belonging to the United States
on Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, a national
armory for the fabrication and repairof armsand
other munitions of war, in which shall be employed
on-' supo i intendent and one master armorer, to be
appointed by the President, of the United States,
and as many workmen as the Secietary of Wai
may, from time to time, deem necessary; the su-
perintendent and master armorer to leceivo the
same compensation as is now allowed by law to
similar ofiieeis in the national armory at Spimg-
field, Massachusetts. For the pmpose of can y-
ing the act into effect, the sum of $100,000 is to
be appropisated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that J have
any objirium 10 this bill; but it comes up very
suddenly, and I think it ought not to pass with-
out consideration. It appropi lates a large amount
of money.
T. he V 1C E PRESIDENT. The question is on
the engiOb-riK'ii t, and third reading of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I was waiting to see whether
any motion was to be submitted in reference to
this hill, I certainly am not prepared to act on
it now. The bill is uilhe^an important one. Cer-
tainly it is so regardf d by the whole country if
the crowd of memo) ials whit h have been ponied
in upon the Senate ftom evei y poi tion of the kind
be any indication of interest in it. I was not aware
that the bill was coming up to-day. I move that
it lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. What is its stage now'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr."GRIMES. I should like to have it fixed
for some day certain. If the Senator will name
some day on which it shall be taken up for con-
sideration, I will not object to a postponement.
This bill is merely a carrying out of what has
been recommended by the Army authorities for
the last twenty years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the table is not open to debate.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 know it; but J have heaul
Senators remai k that they were not familiar with
the bill and did not know it was here; that it was
a new subject. It is not a new subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Wisconsin withdraw his motion5
Mr. HOWE. I shall not insist upon laying
the bill on the tnble. 1 have no objection to a day
being fixed for its consideration. What day will
suit the Senator?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care what day is fixed.
Mr. HOWE. Will Monday do?
Mr. GRIMES. It will suit me.
Mr. HOWE. I change my motion, then, and
move to postpone the further eonsideiation of the
bill until Monday next.
Mr. TEN EYCIv. If it is in order, I renew
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin that
the bill be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the table is first in order
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope that will not be
done. Let us fix a day for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the table is not debatable either by the Senator
who makes it or by any other Senator.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That was the reason I ab-
stained from giving the reasons why I desire that
the motion shall prevail.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 5, noes 21; not a quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are many Senutois
in the Chamber who have not voted. If the Pres-
ident will allow me, I will state that the motion
is to lay on the table a bill to establish an armory
at Rock Island. Now, the friends of the bill have
no objection to its consideration being postponed
to a day certain, but we do not want it disposed
of by laying it on the table without an opportu-
nity to discuss it. We merely ask to have it post-
poned to some day. I hope. Senators will vote
down the motion to lay it on the table, and let the
bill have its chance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question again.
On a recount, there were—ayes 4, noes 21; not
a quorum.
Mi. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON and others. Wc cannot with-
out a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion is now
in order except for a call of the Senate or to
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that there be a
call of the Senate. Let us find out who are absent.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secietary will
call the roil.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think there is no rule authm-
lzing a call ot the Senate. 1 never heard of it
before When it is ascertained that there is not a
quorum present, the only motion is to adjourn,
or to send foi the absentees. If we aie without
a quorum, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nnys.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
Aftei a lapse of ten minutes—
Air. BRIGHT. The call of the roll discloses
the fact that there is not a quorum present. The
next motion, I take it, is to send for the absentees
or to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT The yeas and nays
have just been taken on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BRIGHT. And no quorum appears.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result has not
yet been announced-
After the lapse of a few minutes, the result was
announced—yeas 2, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee, and Saulsbuiy
 o.
NAYH—Messrs. Bright, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Ckuk, Coliamer, Cowan, Davis, Doolittlo, Ffcs^cndeu,
Foster, Gumes, Haiku, Harris, Howe, Kennedy King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham. Nesnnth,
Poujeiu}', Powell. Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Evck,
Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—32.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a quo-
rum voting; but the Senate refuse to adjourn.
The question recurs on directing the Sergeant-at-
Arms to notify the absentees and request their
attendance.
Mr. BRIGHT. I more that the absentees be
sent for, though I doubt whether there is a quorum
in the city.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is proposed
only to send for absentees who are in the city.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is all; but no doubt the
Senate will adjourn befote we get them.
Mr. Morrill entered the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now a
quorum present. With the unanimous consent
of the Senate, the Chair will recall the annuncia-
tion of the vote on the motion to adjourn, and the
Senator from Maine will be called.
Mr. Morrill's name was called, and he an-
swered " nay."
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion to
adjourn, ihc yeas are and the nays 33. So the
motion does not prevail. The question now re-
curs on directing the Sergeant-at-Arms to notify
absent members and icquest their attendance.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw that motion, as
there is now a quorum present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs then on the motion that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I withdraw that motion
with the view of making another, and I beg leave,
before I make the motion, to state that I have no
particular objection to this bill, and do not wish
to occupy that position; but I was desirous that
the bill should not be hurried through on the first
morning when the Senate met oftei Christmas,
when we were expected to transact no business
whatever. I now move, and I hope it will be
agreed to, that this bill be postponed until Monday
week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that
on my part, and I beg leave to say to the Senator
from New Jersey that there was no disposition to
hurry the bill through. The motion was to post-
pone it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I did not suppose there was
any such disposition, but the fact was that it was
going through without any motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Jersey is laboring under a misapprehension. The
bill was not going through. The motion was to
postpone it till next Monday, and make it the
special order for that day; but so far as I am con-
cerned I am quite as willing that it should be made
the special order for this day two weeks as for
this day one week; hut I hope the Senator will
make it a part of his motion that the bill be the
special order at the tune fixed for its considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator him-
self can make that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL I move to make it the spe-
i cial order for that day at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
motion of the Senator from New Jeiscy.
The motion was adopted; and the motion, as
amended, was agreed to.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
) Mr. FESSENDEN. If th ere is nothingbeforo
the Senate, 1 should like to take up the bill making
appropriations for pensions, which has been re-
ported from the Committee on Finance. I presume
there will be no objection to it.
The motion was'agreed to, and the bill (H. R.
No. 149) making appi opriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill makes the usual appropriations for pensions,
and contains a proviso that no pension shall be
paid under it to any person who has been engaged
in the present lcbelhon against the Government
