3X28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
H. Browne, Calvert, Corning, Cox, Cravens, CrisficM,
Crittenden, Dunlan, Grider, Harding, Holman, Knapp,
Law, Mallory, Mewzies, Morris, Norton, Pendleton, .John
S. Phelps, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Shiel, William G.
Steele, Voorhees, Ward, Webster, and Wiekliffe—29.
So the motion to reconsider was laid oil the
table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. RICHARDSON said: Mr. Speaker, I am
paired off with my colleague, Mr. Arnold, on all
subjects relating to the negro; otherwise I should
Upon this question vote in the negative.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Rice, of Massa-
chusetts, was paired with Mr. Wadsworth.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Franchot had paired with Mr. Smitii.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Delano was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleagues,
Mr. Baii.y and Mr. Covodk, had paired.
Mr. WINDOM slated that Mr. Potter was
necessarily absent from the House.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleagues,
Mr. Vai-landioiiam and Mr. White, were both
absent, and paired with some gentlemen, he had
forgotten with whom.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickev, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed joint resolutions and
bills of the House of the following titles:
Joint resolution (No. 87) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
Dennis Cromins;
Joint resolution (No. 88) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of T.
S. J.Johnson;
Joint resolution (No. 89) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of the
executor of Lewis Warrington and others;
Joint resolution (No. 90) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the ease of
Abraham King, administrator of John Mande-
vi He;
Joint resolution (No. 91) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
Richard Irwin, trustee of tho Mechanics' Bank,
Now York;
Joint resolution (No. 92) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of C.
J. Jenkins and W. W. Mason, assignee of John
McKinme;
An act (No. 5'J0) conoorningcertain lands here-
tofore granted in the Stale of Iowa;
An act (No. 54!i) ielating to schools for the ed-
ucalion of colored children in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in ihe District of Colum-
bia;
An net (No. 545) lo auihorize the Secretary of
the Tmisury lo appoint a deputy collector of tile
runtoms at Chincoteague island, in the Slate of
Virginia;
An act (No. f>4y) lo abolish certain ports of de-
livery in the Mississippi valley, and
An act (No. 540) making ajipiopriations for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the sixih
Section of an act entitled 11 An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (M. R. No. 550) to further provide
for the collection of the revenue upon the northern
frontier, with Amendments; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the (louse.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles; in winch
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (No. 318) for relief in the land claim in
California, known us the land claim of Froncisco
&oberanes, to a tract of land known as Saujon de
Santa Rita; and
A bill (No. 380) repealing the law requiring
bonds of paymasters and assistant paymasters to
be approvecf by tho judge or attorney of the dis-
trict m which such paymaster shall reside.
EXKGOLED BILLS,
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that tho committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; to which the Speaker thereupon affixed his
signature:
Jointresolution (S. No. 83) of thanks to Captain
David G. Farragut, of the United StatesNavy, and
to the officers and men under his command; *
Joint resolution (S. No. 66) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. "Worden,
of the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command in the Monitor;
A bill (S. No. 256) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress;
A bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of D. G. Far-
ragut;
Jointresolution (S. No. 61) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Louis M. Goldsborough
and officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for the victory at Roanoke
Island;
Jointresolution (S. No. 77) for the relief of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
of the battalion of marines on board the transport
Governor, on the 3d of November, 1861;
A bill (S. No. 362) in relation to the Post Of-
fice Department;
A bill (S. No. 307) to grant the right of pre-
emption to settlers on certain lots in Wisconsin;
and
Joint resolution (S. No. 85) to compensate the
crew of the United States steamer Varunafor cloth-
ing and other property lost in the public service.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Moans, House bill No. 187 to author-
ize an additional issue of United States notes and
for other purposes, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS, X have not been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to make
any recommendations to the House relative to
these amendments, but in accordance with my
own views, and at the request of the Secretary of
tho Treasury, I will move to non-concur in all the
amendments,andcall the previous question upon
the motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will not call the previous question at this
time. I hope the amendments of the Senate will
be concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose these amendments
are well understood. I do not propose myself to
discuss them at all.
The previous question was poconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 wish to suggest that as the
amendments are ail somewhat similar m charac-
ter, a single vote be taken upon all of them,"and
that it he taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, i will merely say
in respect to one of the amendments, that it limits
the issue *6f Treasury notes of a less denomina-
tion than five dollars to $25,000,000, and that
many gentleman behove that amount to be aslarge
as we ought to authorize.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman desires, he
has the right to call separate votes upon the sev-
eral amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will not insist
upon separate votes, I shall, however, vote in
favor of concurring in the amendments of the
Senate.
No objection being made, the proposition that
the amendments of the Senate be disponed of by
a single vote was assented to.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
First amendment:
Pace 1, line seven, strike out" fifty," and insert " twenty-
five," so as to imilw the clause rrad ;is follows :
Prowled, That no note thall be issued for the fractional
part of a dollar, and riot mote than $£>,000,000 shall be ot
tower denominations than five dollar.
Second amendment.
Page 2, June eight, after the word " thereof,"' insert as
follows:
Provided, however, That any notes issued under this act
may be paid in coin instead of being received in exchange
for certificates of deposit, as above specified, at the discre-
tion of the aecietary of the Treasury.
Third amendment:
Pago 3, strike out after the word <{ deposits," m line
eighteen, to the woid certificate, in line twenty-four, as
I follows:
I PiQvUleJfhou'cver, ThatUnltedStatesnotestoanaraount
not less than one third ot the aggregate sum of said depo&its
shall at all times be reserved in tiie Treasury of the United
States, or from issue under tins act, for the purpose of se-
curing prompt payment of such deposits on demand.
Ana insert instead thereof as follows :
And of the amounts of United States notes authorized by
this act not less than $75,000,000 shall be received lor the
purpose ot securing piompt payment of such deposits when
demanded, and shall be issued and used only when, in the
judgment of the Secietary oftheTreasony, the baine, or any
part thereof, may be needed for that puipose.
Fourth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secietary of
tho Treasury be, and he is heieby, authored, undei &uch
regulations as he may prescribe, to make any officer or de-
positary designated to receive and keep any monejs col-
lected under and by virtue of an actentitled"Anact topio-
vide internal revenue to support the Government arid pay
interest on the public debt," a disbursing agent of the Treas-
ury for the payment of all interest due to the citizens ot any
State wheic such place of deposit may be established, upon
Government securities issued by authority of law.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendments of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays bS; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. William Allen, Baker, George H.
Browne, Buflinton, Calvert, Roscoe Conkhng, Corning,
Cox, Cravens, Diven, Eliot, English, Fouke, Goodwin, Gri-
der, Ilolman, Knapp, Law, Mallory, Menzies, Justin S.
Motrin, Morris, Olin, John S.Phelps, Pike, Poi ter, Riehaid-
son, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, John B. Steele, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Voorhees, Walton, Webster, Wiekliffe,
and Wilson—36.
NAYS—Messis. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Campbell,
Chambeihn, Claik, Coltax, Cutler, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Ely, Fiank, Gianger, Hale, Hutchins, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mc-
Knight, Mcpherson, Maynard, Moorhead, Morrill, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, John H. Rice, Riddle, James
S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheiheld,
SheJlabaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Tram,
Trimble, Tiowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wal-
lace, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and Worces-
ter—58.
So the amendments of the Senate were non-con-
curred in.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mr. KELLEYhad
paired with Mr. Stiles upon this question.
Mr. IIOLMAN stated that Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey, had paired with Mr. Verree.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were non-concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 379, for the purpose of putting it on its pas-
sage. It merely makes provision for the first meet-
ing of the corporators of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
There being no objection, Senate bill No.379,
to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes,'5 approved July 2,
1862, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the first
meeting of the commissioners named in the act en-
titled " An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri liver to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
put poses," appioved July 2, 1862, and of the live
commissioners directed by the act to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, shall be held at
Bryant Hall, in the city of Chicago, Illinois, on
tho2d Thursday of August next, at twelve o'clock,
noon. A notice of the meeting, to be signed by at
least ten of the commissioners named in the act,
is to be published once a week, during the six suc-
cessive weeks commencing on the I2th of July,
1862, in one daily newspaper in each of the cities
of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati,
Chicago, and St. Louis, and no other notice is to be
requisite.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
