1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
of the United States, or who lias in any way given
ciid and comfort to those engaged in the rebellion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 89.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of
March, 1837, entitled " An act supplementary to
the act entitled ' An act to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States.' "
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thebill willberead.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what the bill
is, and perhaps the Senate will get a better idea of
it from a short statement than from the reading of
the bill, and if not, the bill can be read subse-
quently, perhaps more understandmgly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us have both.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I will make a brief
statement that perhaps will aid Senators in appre-
ciating and understanding what the bill is. The
bill proposes to equalize the judicial circuits of
the United States. We have, as all arc aware,
nine judicial circuits presided over by nine judges
of the Supreme Court m connection with the local
judges in the districts. Several of the new States
are not withm this judicial system as it now exists.
Florida, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, and Kan-
sas do not have the benefit of this circuit system.
The biil which is now under consideration was
originally introduced by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr.Sherman;] and thecommitteehave proposed
a substitute for the first scction of the bill as he
introduced it. The bill, as introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, equalized the circuits to some ex-
tent, and broughtin the new States; but the amend-
ment which is pending equalizes them, as the
committee thought, more fairly, and is based
chiefly upon population. The population of the
United States is about 30,000,000, Icavmgout the
Pacific States; and it will be found that the New
England States and the middle States (with the
exception of Delaware,) which have three circuit
]udges residing in that part of the Union—Judge
Clifford, Judge Grier,and JudgeNelson—contain
a population of a little over 10,000,000. I have
the exact figures. The three northern circuits
contain a population of 10,G01,244, and the differ-
ent circuits contain the following population: the
first circuit, as now arranged by law, consists of
Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
and Maine, and has apopulation of 2,360,034; the
second circuit consists of Vermont, Connecticut,
and New York, which together have a population
of 4,(j62,809; the third circuit consists of New
Jeisey and Pennsylvania, which together have
a population of 3,578,401. Neither the bill as
originally introduced, nor the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, altei s these circuits at all,
but leaves them as they are.
The three southern circuits, as the committee
have arranged them, would contain a population
of 9,902,266. The fourth circuit, as organized
under the present law, consists of Maryland,
Delaware, and Virginia, with a population of
2,395,331. The committee propose to enlarge
that circuit and make the fourth circuit consist of
Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, and North Caro-
lina. Judge Taney resides within the limits of
that circuit, and those four States contain a popu-
lation of 3,387.998. The fifth circuit, as at present
organized, is Alabama and Louisiana, containing
a population of 1,673,586. The committee pro-
pose to constitute the fifth circuit of the districts
within the States of South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, (which would
be for the first time brought within a judicial
circuit.) Those States contain a population of
3,657,272. The sixth circuit, as at psescnt organ-
ized, is North Carolina, South Catolina, and
Georgia, the population 2,753,808. The com-
mittee propose to make the sixth circuit consist
of Louisiana, Texas, (which is for the first time
brought within a circuit,) Arkansas, and Tennes-
see, which together h<ivo a population of 2,856,996.
The three southern circuits, as thus arranged,
would have a population of not quite ten million—
9,902,266 in exact numbers.
The seventh circuit, as at pnscnt organized,
consists of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan,
with a population of 6,151,405. The committee
propose to m ake the seventh circuit consist of Ohio
arid Kentucky, which together have a population
of 3,495,312. The eighth circuit, which now con-
sists of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri, with
a population of 3,447,877, the committee propose
to make consist of Wisconsin and Minnesota,
which are for the first tijne brought within a cir-
cuit, and Indiana and Michigan, with a popula-
tion of 3,047,948. The ninth circuit, which now
consists of Mississippi and Arkansas, and has a
population of 1,226,823, is thrown, by the arrange-
ment of the committee, into the circuits in which
Judges Catron and Wayne reside. The commit-
tee propose to make the ninth circuit consist of
Illinois and Missouri, Kansas and Iowa, which
latter two States arc for the first time brought into
the circuit system, and which together contain a
population of 3,676,128. The three western cir-
cuits, including Kentucky and Missouri, as pro-
posed by the committee, together have a popula-
tion of 10,219,388.
It will thus be seen that if the amendment of
the committee should be adopted by the Senate,
the new States will all be brought within the cir-
cuit system; the three northern circuits will have
in round numbers about ten million of popula-
tion, the three southern circuits about ten million
of population, and the three western circuits about
ten million of population; and the circuits will
contain a little over three million each—not ex-
actly that; but the amendment, though drawn
with reference chiefly to population, has also some
reference to business as well. Most of the busi-
ness of these courts—I say most; it is not, per-
haps, the case in the West, because a great deal
of the business of the courts there relates to land
titles—but much of the business of the courts of the
United States arises in the large commercial cities.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire of the gentleman if
there are not three vacancies on the bench now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the cast the committee
have made of.the circuits, which of those circuits
would be without any resident judge ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The three western ones.
The seventh, eighth, and ninth circuits would
have no judge residing within their present limits.
Mr. COLLAMER. Each of the other circuits
would have?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. The seventh,
eighth, and ninth circuits aie made up of the
Slates west of Pennsylvania, including Kentucky
and Missouri. California and Oregon are left out
of this arrangement entirely. They have a pecu-
liar system there. They have a circuit system of
their own with a circuit judge, who is not a judge
of the Supreme Court, and that is not brought
within the system, and could not be unless we
were to add another judge to the bench; and then
it would be a very small circuit compared with
the others. If this amendment be adopted, iheie
will be no judge residing within the limits of the
three western circuits; there is no judge at this
time residing within a country of ten million peo-
ple in that section of the Union.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand it aright,
the circuit? are so districted that in point of fact
there is now living a judge on the bench in each
of six circuits. No two "of them fall within any
one circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. They aie districted in each5
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is fortunate, I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the people
of Ohio take a great deal of interest in the organi-
zation of the circuits in that region of the coun-
try. The organization proposed, by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, I think, would be a very
unfair one. The bill introduced by me would be
a simpler, and, I think, much better bill than the
proposition of the committee. Under the present
organization of the Supremo Court, the filth cir-
cuit is composed of the States of Alabama and
Louisiana, containing a population of 1,673,586:
the ninth judicial circuit is composed of the States
of Mississippi and Arkansas, containing a popu-
lation of 1,226,823; the seventh circuit is com-
posed of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and
Michigan, containing a population of 6,151,405.
Mr. COLLAMER. i will inquire of the Sen-
ator whether he is making now a contrast between
the bill proposed by himself and that proposed
by the committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my purpose.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the Senator giving us
the present organization, or thatproposed by hirft?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state both! Under
the bill as introduced by me, the fifth circuit and
the ninth circuit are combined into one, and the
State of Texas is added, making altogether a cir-
cuit with a population of 3,500,000. The seventh
circuit, including two or three new States,is divided
by me into two circuits. The main difference be-
tween the bill of the Committee on the Judiciary
and the bill offered by myself is this: that in the bill
proposed by the committee Missouri and Illinois
are put together, Ohio and Kentucky are put to-
gether, and Judge Catron's district is divided up.
I think that wrong. I do not think it will be pleas-
ant. Kentucky and Ohio were once attached to the
same judicial circuit, but it was divided; a change
was made, and I think that change was satisfac-
tory. Our communications are chiefly with the
States of Indiana and Michigan. I propose a cir-
cuit composed of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Michigan, containing apopulation of 4,439,652
—rather a large circuit; and also that a circuit be
composed of the States of Illinois, Wisconsin,
Minnesota,Iowa, and Kansas, containing a pop-
ulation of 3,441,706. I do not propose to change
any of the other circuits, or affect any of the other
circuits in the slightest degree. The bill of the
Committee on the Judiciary affects several of the
circuits. It divides up Judge Catron's circuit,
attaches two southern districts to the State of Ten-
nessee, attaches Kentucky to Ohio, separates In-
diana and Michigan from Ohio, attaches Missouri
to Illinois, and I think would make a complex and
inconvenient arrangement.
Since the proposition of the committee has been
presented by the Senator from Illinois, I have re-
ceived many letters from the State of Ohio from
gentlemen who practice in the courts of Ohio, and
also in Michigan and Indiana and Illinois, repre-
senting that the arrangement proposed by him is
not satisfactory to the people of those States, or
at least not to the people of my State; and I trust,
therefore, it will not be adopted. The bill offered
by me was prepared by a distinguished lawyer,
one perfectly familiar with the business of the
western country, who has practiced in the courts
of all the northwestern States, and who has also
practiced in the courts of Kentucky and Missouri.
He says—-and I agree with him—that the arrange-
ment proposed by the bill presented by me. will be
satisfactory to the people of those States, and will
not be inconvenient. 11 will not interfere with the
present organization of the Supreme Court at all.
Under it, Judge Catron will retain his present cir-
cuit; and there will be three judges to be ap-
pointed—one in the extreme southwestern circuit,
vacated by the resignation of Judge Campbell,
and two for the two circuits composed of the
Northwest, to be filled by the President. If the
bill reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
shall be adopted, Kentucky and Ohio will be at-
tached together, and so will Missouri and Illinois.
If that be done, T am satisfied that the President,
in his selection of judges, will not be able to give
that satisfaction that he could if he appointed one
judge for the southwestern circuit, and two judges
for the northwestern country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in prepar-
ing the amendment, I had no reference at all to
the judges, or to who might be appointed judges,
so far as I was concerned, and I have no feeling
as to Kentucky being with Ohio. It would be
just as agreeable to me, if that is not satisfactory
to Ohio, thatOhio should be with any of the other
States, if you can make the circuits of reasonable
shape, and give them about the requisite popula-
tion and business. That was the governing mo-
tive with the committee. The Senator from Ohio
in his bill inadvertently left out Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
Virginia is already attached to and forms a part
of the fourth circuit. That circuit is now com-
posed of Maryland, Delaware, and Virginia, ac-
cording to the statement of the organization which
I have in my hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Virginia and North Car-
olina constitute the fifth circuit as now organized,
according to the statement I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. Alabama and Louisiana
! constitute the fifth circuit. There has been a
