1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3129
SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to furnish extra clothing to sick and wounded
soldiers; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of War to furnish extra
clothing to sick and wounded soldiers, and others
who may have lost the same by the casualties of
war, under such rules and regulations as the De-
partment may prescribe, during the existence of
the present insurrection.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and readathird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and parsed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the last joint resolu-
tion was adopted. I desire to move a slight
amendment, in order to make the resolution more
definite.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move to
amend by adding the word " soldiers'' after the
word " other;" so that it shall read, " sick and
wounded soldiers, and other soldiers,'* &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was then passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, stated that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.
540) making appropriation for the payment of the
bounty authorized by the sixth section of an act
entitled " An act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property," approved July 22,1861,
and for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CONTRACTS WITH THIS GOVERNMENT.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask consent to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 358, to prevent
members of Congress and officers of the Govern-
ment of the United States from taking considera-
tion for procuring contracts, office, or place from
the Government, for the purpose of having it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.WASHBURNE. I object to its being taken
up for that purpose. I want to put it upon Us
passage now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to hav-
ing it taken up and put upon its passage.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to its being taken yp
for consideration at this time.
SOLDIERS IN TUB PENITENTIARY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with sun-
dry amendments, the bill (II. R. No. 524) pro-
hibiting the confinement of persons in the military
service of the United Slates in the penitentiary of
the Disti ict of Columbia, except as a punishment
for certain crimes, and to discharge therefrom
certain convicts by sentence of courts-martial.
The bill was referred to the committee, with leave
to report at any time.
The amendments reported from the committee
were reported.
The first amendment was, to insert, in line ten,
section one,after the woid " mutiny," the wordy
" or desertion or attempt to incite a mutiny."
The .second amendment was, to insert, in the
fourth line of section tsvo, after the word " mu-
tiny," the words ''or deseition or attempt to
incite a mutiny."
The third amendment was, to insert, in the fifth
line of the third section, after the word " mutiny,"
the words "or desertion or attempt to incite a
mutiny."
The fourth amendment was, to strike out in
line six, section three, the word " so," and insert,
after " punishable," the woids "imprisonment
in the penitentialy."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from Ohio that I have not examined
this bill, as I desired to. When the matter was
under discussion some time ago, 1 thought there
was no necessity for this legislation. But the bill,
in the main, will accomplish the purpose which
is desired by those who differ with me, and is not
objectionable.
There is one other matter which has oceuired
to me. The crime of forcing a safe-guard is pun-
ishable with death or such other punishment as a
court-martial shall inflict. Forcing a safe-guard
is one of the offenses which ought to be added to
this bill, after "attempting to incite a mutiny,"
because a court-martial might, instead of inflicting
death, subject the offender to imprisonment.
Mr. BINGHAM. As this is not one of the
indictable offenses under the laws of the United
States in the civil tribunals of the country, and in-
asmuch as it was the intention and purpose of the
Committee on the Judiciary to conform the bill to
the express will of the House, I have no objection
to the gentleman having an opportunity to offer
the amendment. L'et the question, however, be
first taken upon the amendments reported by the
committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
The several amendments reported from the com-
mittee were adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not move the amend-
ment I indicated, because on reference to the ar-
ticles of war I find the punishment of that offense
is death. I had the impression that it was death
or confinement in the penitentiary—in the alterna-
tive. Therefore a court-martial has no discre-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man what particular philosophy there is in pro-
hibiting these persons from being confined in the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia? If there
is any reason for the passage of this bill, that
reason would apply in favor of their not being con-
fined in any penitentiary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not been informed
that persons convicted by court-martial have been
imprisoned in any penitentiary except the one in
the District of Columbia. There are about a hun-
dred in the penitentiary here. We were advised
by the House that it was advisable to have such
persons discharged from the penitentiary, in all
cases where they were sent theic for offenses which
were not punishable under the civil laws of the
land by a like imprisonment.
Mr. DAWES. It will follow, if this bill pass,
that all that is necessary to be done, will be to
erect a penitentiary in some State, or in some
other Territory under the exclusive jurisdiction
of Congress, and confine these offenders there;
and that will follow very soon.
I do not advocate the bill, because I had no ob-
jection to using the penitentiary in the District of
Columbia; but I have objection to confining men,
for certain offenses, in any penitentiary. It is
true, I think, as stated by the gentleman from
Ohio, that until the present time, it has not been
the custom to confine such offenders in any peni-
tentiary; but the moment this bill is passed, I
think thev will be confined in other penitentiaries.
Mr. Pl'IELPS, of Missouri. When this bill
was underconsideration sometime since the atten-
tion of the House was called to the fact that a
chaplain of the Army of the United States was
confined in the penitentiary of this District. Since
then I have been ciedibly informed that that ehap-
lam wasimpnsoned because lie had been convicted
of the crime of mutiny, or inciting a mutiny in the
face of the enemy.
Mr. DAWES. To whom docs the gentleman
allude?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not know
the individual's name. 1 understood that at the
tune this matter was under consuleiation before,
some gentleman who engaged m that discussion—
I do not know who ho was—referred to that fact,
and it was thought by some a great disgrace that
a man of his cloth should be sent to the peniten-
tiary. As I am informed, that chaplain was con-
victed by a court-martial for the crime of mutiny
when the Army was in the facc of the enemy and
a battle imminent. He who at such a time incites
a mutiny ought to have his life taken upon the
spot.
Mr. DAWES. Iam confident that during that
debate, at least, no one stated that a chaplain was
confined m the penitentiary.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouii. I understood that
such was the statement.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It was a minister of the
Gospel belonging to a company.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When this ques-
tion was under consideration before, I took occa-
sion to express my views in opposition to the le-
gislation, because I believed the courts-martial
ought to have jurisdiction,and had jurisdiction of
offenses committed in the Army. And now, while
I have some doubts in relation to this matter, I
do not feel disposed to offer any opposition to it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman-from Missouri
should not undertake to put the advocates of this
bill in the lightof attempting to weaken the disci-
pline of the Army, or of attempting to incite mu-
tiny or to countenance it, whether it be in chap-
lains or in anybody of any cloth. No man who
advocates this bill advocates it from any such mo-
tive, but from a desire that, while proper punish-
ment, such as the articles of war may prescribe,
shall be visited upon any such offenses as that, the
power which attaches incidentally to courts-mar-
tial shall not be abused against the liberties of the
citizen. That is all, and the gentleman's attempt
to put those who advocate this bill in the position
of seeking to weaken the discipline of the Army
is entirely gratuitous.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am making no
imputation of that kind at this time. I believe I
did some time ago say that I thought these dis-
cussions unfortunate, and that they would lead to
the weakening of the discipline of the Army. 1
still believe that the passage of this measure will
have that effect. The punishment of a sentinel
for sleeping on his post, for instance, is death, or
such other punishment as the court-martial may
see fit to inflict. Under the present rules and arti-
cles of war a sentinel found guilty of so doing may
be sentenced to imprisonment in the penitentiary;
but as sleeping on his post is no offense against
the criminal code of this District, or of any of the
States, nothing will be left to the court-martial, if
this bill shall pass, but to find the man guilty, and
sentence him to be shot. You are making the
rules and articles of war more rigorous than they
now are, because you leave no discretion to the
court-martial, and the only way in which a man
can avoid the sentence is by addressing the Pres-
ident of the United States, who has the power of
pardon; and if the offense is committed in the State
of Tennessee or elsewhere where it may be diffi-
cult to communicate with the President, the sen-
tence of the court-martial would be executed be-
fore there would be an opportunity to appeal to
the clemency of the Executive.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, in reporting this bill, confined themselves
to the instructions of the House. The first pur-
pose seemed to be to lelieve from imprisonment in
the penitentiary soldiers of the United States com-
mitted for six months or a year or more, not
charged with indictable offenses, or with any of-
fenses known as crimes under the laws of the
United States. Among the listof prisoners in the
penitentiary returned to this House by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, are those who have been
committed for six months or a year, and the charges
against whom are " unknown," according to the
repoi t of the Secretai y of the Inteiior. To relieve
those persons from this unjust imprisonment was
one of the purposes the House had in view in
referring this matter to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The committee have fully met that require-
ment of the House in the second section of this
b:li, but the committee believed thatforsuch high
offenses against military law and discipline as mu-
tiny, desertion, or an attempt to incite to mutiny,
although not indictable at law, the paities ought
to be subjected to imprisonment m the peniten-
tiary, because, as the law stands, courts-martial
have the right of imprisoning in some othermode,
or of condemning them to death.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman to offer the following amendment, for the
purpose of securing the aim of the bill:
Slc. 3. Jlnd be it further cnacterf, That no pel son lieie-
aftcr upon the decision of a court-mania! >!ml) be confined
in any penitent iasy m the United Suite;-, except under the
condition.- ol tlitsaet,
Mr. BINGHAM. I see no objection to that
amendment. If the bill is right for the District of
Columbia, it is right for every State and Territory
in the United States.
Mr. Dawes's amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to.be engrossed,and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to leconsidcr upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
