SI 80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to amend the title of
the bil! by adding thereto the words " and for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. PORTER, t ask ihe unanimous consent
of the House that Senate bill No. 342, in relation
to a national armory, be taken from the Speaker's
table and considered now.
Messrs. MOORHEAD, and KELLOGG of
Illinois, objected.
Mr. PORTER. I move, then, to go to the bus-
iness on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order. There has been no morning hour.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED IN CONTRACTS.
Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary* of War is hereby directed
to communicate to this Uoiimj nil the evidence on file in
his Department Hint relates to the question whether any
member or members of Congress have or have had any in-
terest in contiaets since the 1st day of April, 1861.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report a short bill
in relation to the Indian trust bonds.
Mr. DUNN. I must object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr, HOLM AN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
.Thcmolion was disagreed to—ayes fifteen, noes
not counted.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Comrnitteeof the Wholeon thestateof the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself inlothe Comrnitteeof
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Asu-
x,ur in the chair.)
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that by unanimous
consent we pass over the first three bills upon the
Calendar, and take up bill No. 242, in relation to
the establishment of a national foundery. I do
not mean to ask any action upon it to-day, but
there is a gentleman here who desires to make a
speech.
Mr, WA8HBURNE. I object to that. We
had better go on in the regular order.
bandkhhon'h breech-loading cannon.
The, committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the first business upon the Calendar,
being a joint lesoluiion of the House, authoris-
ing the Seeietary of War to tost Sanderson's
br^cch-loading cannon.
Mr. HUTCUINS. Mr.Chmnmm, mycoiloaguc
[M . Cox] from the Columbus district, on the 6th
of June, in the Committee of the Whole, made
a most extraoidmary speech, intending thereby
to damage the fair reputation of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, whose epitaph, after a fashion, he
took the pains to write out. The most cruel epi-
taph he could have written would have been the
following;, inserted at the close of his speech:
" This Rpeech was listened to with patience by the
House." In justice to the House, it should be
stated that during its delivery there were but few
members present, and most of them his political
friends. There js one other fact that it may be
important to notice in connection with this speech:
that it was delivered late Friday evening, and that
it was distributed in pamphlet form early the next
morning,and consequently, I suppose, most of it
must have been in type befoic it was delive ed,aud
this wtllaccountfor " laughtcr"coming in very fre-
quently, and at proper places. It is sometimes dif-
ficult to get the laugh in when one wants it, for it
will not always come at a speaker's bidding, and
this mode of my colleague supplies this defect, and
shows when the auditors should have laughed, if
they did not. I will briefly notice some points ofthis
carefully written out speech. I cannot consent to
follow his style of argumentation, for I cannot do
it withou t getting into the muddy element in which
he delights to sport. He takes to the turbid wa-
ters of low ridicufe as naturally as the polliwog
does to the dirty waters of the ditch. In these
riled waters he swims without a rival, and is un-
questionably without a peer in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. He arraigns this Congress before the
grand inquest of the nation, and the gravamen of
his charge is, that the interest of the white man
is neglected for the benefitofthenegro; that Con-
gress puts in peril the Constitution and the Union
to carry out tne Utopian idea of negro equality.
My colleague this session has introduced and
spoken upon the negro question oftener than any
member on this side of the House. Negro equal-
ity seems to disturb his meditations by day and
his dreams by night. Can it be that he fears the
competition of negro equality? The bitterness of
some men towards a rival is measured by their
fear of that rival. I will not say this is the case
with my colleague, but a circumstance to which
I will soon refer gives color to the suspicion.
My colleague takes special pains and peculiar
delight, on all occasions,to prejudice and slander
colored men, and to ridicule all men who are dis-
posed to do-them simple justice. He is quick to
take advantage of a prejudice which the accumu-
lated oppressions and wrongs of ages have created
against the African to crush him still lower in the
scale of degradation. He ridicules all efforts to
better his condition by low appeals to a prejudice
which slavery has intensified, if it did not create.
His speech snows him to be in favor of the per-
petual slavery of the African. He is opposed to
colonization or the liberation of the slaves of reb-
els, fearing it may result in general emancipa-
tion. He fears that unless enslaved and held in
the degradation of caste, Africans will somehow
or other work themselves into dangerous compe-
tition with the Anglo-Saxon. The justice and
the logic of his position are on a par. The bit-
terness and the meanness of his attack upon the
colored race will appear in a few characteristic
extracts from his recent speech, which I will de-
nominate, by the use of one of his classic expres-
sions, the ♦'cesspool of iniquity/'
Speaking of the colored people of Ohio, he said,
" as a general thing they are vicious, indolent,
and improvident."
After quoting from a speech of Senator Sher-
man, my colleague said:
" If the Senator could visit Green's Row, within the
shadow of this Capitol, henceforth ' Tophet and black Ge-
henna called, the type of hell,' and note the. squalor, desti-
tution, laziness, crime, and degradation there beginning to
fester; if he could visit the alley* in whose miserable
hovels the blacks congregate, he would hardly be reminded
of'tho paradise which Milton sang, with its amaranthine
flowers, [laughter,] its blooming trees of life, its golden
fruitage, its amber livers rolling over elysian flowers, its
hills ana fountains and fresh shades, its dreams of love, and
its adoration of God. Alas! he would find nothing here to
remind him of that high estate in Eden, save the fragrance
of the fcpot and the nakedness of its inhabitants. [Laugh-
tor.]
" it the rush of free negroes to this paradise continues,
it would he a blooms it i'iovidenee should send Satan heie
in the- lorm of a serpent, and an angel tod rive the descend-
ants of Adam and Eve into the outer world. If it con-
tinues, you will have no one here but Congressmen and ne-
gioes, and thai will be punishment enough. [Laughter.]
Von will have to enact a fugitive law to bring the whites
to their capital. [Laughter.]"
Referring to another colleague, [Mr. Edger-
ton,] he said:
" U is recorded that in his county a white woman of Akron
sued out a habeas coipus, (for the writ runs there yet, at
least where there is color of right,) to take a mulatto baby
from a Mrs. Jones, it negro woman, under whose care it had
been placed by its white mother, and who had become at-
tached t<> the pickaninny. In the course of the discussion,
Mrs. Jones told the white woman that she thought,' if the
white folks were mean enough to have negro babies, they
ought to he willing to let colored people bring them up.'
[Laughter.] So the judge decided. These little straws
show how to account fot the pteponderance of mulattoes
North."
Speaking of his new congressional district and
the Western Reserve, he said:
"This new district, sir, is rich in colored materials. A
very pretty mosaic 1 A sweet, flagrant nest! And this is
the Afiic's coral strand to which my missionary labors are
to he directed. [Laughter.]
" Or.e would suppose that, in the Western Reserve, where
the profession of philanthropy is ever arising in prayer, m
speech, and in print, where for years they cultivated no civil
discipline which interfered with their notions of slavery,
theie would be throngs of blacks. Is it so? Thou iron-
tongucd census, speak!
Colored persons in Ashtabula  25
Cuyahoga (Cleveland)  894
Lake  36
Mahoning  61
Portage  76
Trumbull   80
Geauga       7
Lorainc (Oherhn)  549
Medina    53
Summit  88
Total 1,854
" So that, in these ten counties of the Western Reserve,
theie are but a few more Africans than in one county of my
district! Why they especially avoid Ashtabula I cannot
say. Is it the prodigal profession and scant practice of hu-
manity? [Laughter/] Or hasGiddings, with a view to pro-
tect property and keep up its price, coaxed them into Can-
ada, where happily he is now domiciled? And there is
Geauga, with not as many negroes as Fulton county lias In-
dians 1 What a commentary on representative fidelity is
here! The member from Ashtabula, Mahoning, and Trum-
bull, [Mr. Hutciiins,] speaks for one hundred and sixty-
six negroes; but from his piteous ado, one would suppose
that he represented at least as many Africans as the king
of Dahomey. [Laughter.] And there is my smiling col-
league from the northwest, [Mr. Ashley,) whose rotund
form is ready to become, like Niobe, all tears by his grief
for the poor negro, [laughter;] whose gushes of eloquence
in their behalf remind one of the Arab lyrics in praise ofthe
dark maidens of Abyssinia when they sung:*Oh I the black
amber! the black amber 1 Its perfume, by far, is sweeter
than all else on earth or in star; the lotus of Nile, the rose
of Cashmere, my senses enthrall, when thou art not here.'
[Great laughter.] Yet, from the whole eleven counties of his
district he cannot count as many negroes, by half, as live
in my own county.
" I am not particularly proud of representing a greater
11 umber of Afi icans than my colleagues. I think, so far as
the chattering goes about their inalienable rights and ever-
lasting wrongs, I am entirely unsuited to representthem."
Upon the principle by which his political action
is controlled, my colleague [Mr. Cox] cannot un-
derstand why it is that a Representative should
strive to do an act of common justice or an office
of common humanity'to a class of human beings*
who do not happen to be his immediate constit-
uents. The whole secret of his abuse of the ne-
groes is, that they cannot vote. Hud they the
right of suffrage, I have no doubt he would situp
nights to compose peans to their praise.
My colleague at the extra session took occasion
to unjustly reproach the Western Reserve for not
raising its proportion of troops for this war. Sta-
tistics from authentic sources show that Ashtabula
county, with a population of 31,814, has sent over
fourteen hundred men. Trumbull county, with
a population of30,656, has sent nearly, if not quite
the same number, and this does not embrace some
companies made up, and now in the service, under
the recent call of the Governor, in response to the
Government at Washington. I have notseen the
statistics from Mahoning county, but 1 believe she
has sent as many men in proportion to her popu-
lation as either Trumbull or Ashtabula county.
The same is true of the other counties of the Re-
serve. Franklin county, in which my colleague
[Mr. Cox] resides, and m which is situated Co-
lumbus, the capital of the State, with a population
of 50,361, according to a recent statement has
only sent between nine hundred and a thousand
men. This may be accounted for, in part, from
a.fact stated in my colleague's speech, that there
are in his county many more mulattoes and ne-
groes t han in the counties of the Reserve, and when
the Govern mentis willing to receive such aid, very
likely his county will furnish her j^uota.
My colleague has been some time before the
public as a politician, and he has figured some-
what in other departments of human enterprise.
He has traveled, and added to the contributions
of literature by making a note of his travels. In
other words, he has written a book. There was
wisdom in Job's desire that his " adversary had
written a book." I quote from the title-page of
my adversary's book: " A Buckeye Abroad, or
Wanderings in Europe and in the Orient, by Sam-
uel S. Cox." This is grandiloquent and eupho-
nious. 1 make no criticisms upon the book or the
subject-matter of it. In sentiment it is average,
and in literary execution it is respectable. The
first chapter shows a turn of sea-sickness, but this
is said to be good for the stomach. A turn just
before my colleague composed his speech might
have relieved it of much foul matter. To show
the House and the country the difference be-
tween "A Buckeye Abroad" and a Buckeye at
home, I will ask the Clerk to read a passage from
my colleague's book, in which he described the
Pope at service, in Sistine chapel.
The Clerk read the following:
" While waiting the entrance of his Holiness, the mind
can find delight in examining the i last judgment of Angelo
frescoed upon the wall of the chapel.5 Every variety of
hope, doubt, despair and beatitude, beam upon us from the
figures upon the wall. Within a sacred inclosure, over
which tip-toed curiosity can barely peep, is a green car-
peted floor and tapestry hangings,with an altar and a throne.
Seats are anangedfor the cardinals, who soon begin to pour
in, dressed in great red gowns and scull-caps, attended by
servants in purple. After bows and crosses the servants
proceed to unroll the trains and seat the cardinals. A very
hearty array of old Romans they seem, with their arms under
cover, their gaudy hair shining, their lofty brows and intel-
