1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
tive opponent. A majoiity in both blanches of the Legis-
lature of the same political proclivities with the Governor
had been returned. The great head and idol of the Demo-
cratic party, John C. Breckinridge, was plying his followers
with artful suggestions, preparingtheir minds for resistance
and driving them to fury by his great and popular elo-
quence. The senatorial representation in Congress was
upon the side of the rebellion. Emissaries from the south-
ern States were freely admitted to address the popular as-
semblies and to make their impress hi the social circles,
and even Yanccy himself, who had been successful <in
firing the southern heart,' was received with almost con-
sular honors, and introduced to the people by the highest
official dignitary in the State. The beneh of the Federal
court, too, was occupied by an eminent lawyer, who was
all for the South. Add to this, that much of the wealth of
the State was really in the southern States—many of our
richest men being owners of large and valuable cotton and
sugar estates. Moreover, our trade had been chiefly in that
direction, and the manufacturers ot hemp fabrics, the glow-
ers of corn and tobacco, the breeders ot blooded stock, the
raisers of fat cattle and mules, and almost eveiy variety of
occupation found a market in the very hot-bed of lebelhon.
Self-interest ted most of them into southern sympathy. As
if all this was not enough, theie was superadded to it all a
military organization known as the State Guard, under the
command of Simon Bolivar Bucknei, and into the custody
ofthatguard the entire armamentof the State was confided;
the muskets, the cannon, the ammunition, and every im-
plement of war. This warlike force was disciplined and
drilled at State expense, and caiefully and systematically
prepared for treason.
" Such was the political and social status, and the patri-
otic ICentuckians had to meet it, without a Governor, with-
out aLcgisiatuie, without a soldier. When one looks back
into this red sea of trouble* it seems a mnaeulous duhvei-
ance. How that delivciancc was effected, and by whom,
will hereatter appear in the histoiv of Kentucky, and the
momoiies of the men who achieved it will be held in grate-
ful remembrance. Suppose they had faded, and Kentucky
had gone into the southern confederacy, what would now
be our condition ? Being immediately on the bolder, the
confederates would have occupicd it at the very beginning
of hostilities. Their ttoops would have been quaiteiod in
ail our principal towns, and theircavahy would have taken
possession ofthe richest fauns. It they paid for such things,
it would have been in confederate soup, not now worth a
doHar a bushel. They would have dtiven out every man
who did not indorse then actions, and confiscated the piop-
erty ot all who wished succe^ to the Union.
k< Would they have been enabled, by occupying Kentucky
and with such additional strength as Kentucky could have
brought to then aid, to successfully contend with the nation?
The qucbtion is almost answered in the putting it. They
would have brought the wai that much neater to the point
where the stiength ofthe Government toally was, and that
much Anther from theii own resouiees; and instead ofthe
powerful and inexhaustible torces of the Northwest having
to march hundreds oi miles to meet the enemy, they would
have had him in sight all the tunc. As it was, the South
showed miserable generalship in seizing on Columbus and
Bowling Gieen, and tiansfenmg the theatei of operations
from the Potomac ami the Atlantic to tjie \V<^t. They have
been able to hold their gtound thoie, and gained >ouh; ie-
nown in arms; but on the westei u field they have Mistaincd
nothing buuhs-aster upon disastei, and now, letreating from
fortification to fortification, losing whole aimics byeaptuie
or panic, they sec the ting of the Union Moating fiom the
capitol of Tennessee, and the whole burnt of battle cairied
down upon Mississippi, Alabama, and Geoigia.
" Did not those do wisely who kepi oui State fiom being
the battle-ground, and from being oiushed between themill-
" stones of war?
"This maybe called the physical aspect of the question,
but looked atm its moral aspect and how giandly does not
our Old Commonwealth loom up in the eyes of an admiring
nation? Instead of being seduced from her allegiance by
the allurements of inteie&t, 01 the persuasions of dema-
gogues, or the menaces of power, she has runained tine
and steadfast in loyalty to the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws. She has m the field moie
than her quota of aohhcis, and is lending au ollicient aid to
the Government in all its constitutional" effoits to keep the
nation together. Had she, in madness and folly, gone with
the South, she would now have the unenviable distinction
ot being the first Statethat had to haul down the (lug of re-
bellion. while the smoking turns of all that gatni-lies this
lovely land—making it au eaithly paradise—would be all
that was left her as the rew.nd of trea-on. As it i-, *ho
will come out of this civil war with untarnished honot, and
her people will soon be once more united, piosperous, and
happy."
Mr. President, it was a dreadful, and for along
time a doubtful, struggle in that State which party
would prevail and control its destiny. The pop-
ular mind of the State of Kentucky had to be
educated against all their sympathies all their in-
terests, all their business connections, and against
the feelings and sympathies of their brethren in
the South, before they could be induced to take
position in favor of the Union and of their Gov-
ernment against them. They had a pei ilous and
a difficult duty to perform, and the men who weie
most prominent in its performance met daily with
the denunciations and obloquy of'the secession-
ists. They were threatened from day to day,
openly and by anonymous letters, and m every
form, with violence and death, merely because of
their fidelity to the Union and to their Govern-
ment. I speak from personal experience. If the
question had been taken eight or nine months ago
in the State of Kentucky upon the general prop-
osition to go South or to adhere to the old Union,
I have no doubt that a majority of the people of
that State would have decided to go South, and
would have seceded with the other States, where
they had their markets, their sympathies, the
profits of all their industry and trade. It was only
by a series of measures that caused the suspen-
sion of their judgment, and gave them an oppor-
tunity to be addressed by truth and sound argu-
ment and their minds to be instructed, that that
wholesome change was wroughtin the public rnind
of that State which eventually brought two thirds
of its people to loyalty and duty in support of the
Constitution ofthe United States.
Mr. President, what was the duty of my col-
league at that time, that eventful and doubtful
time? His position, his principles, his moral
power as an ex-Governor of the State of Kentucky
and as a Senator representing that State in the
Senate of the United States, were all thrown against
the Government of the Union and in favor of the
rebellion and of the secessionists. I challenge him
to produce a single act of his, public or private,
from that time to the present that ever evinced the
least interest in or sympathy for his own Govern-
ment, or the smallest purpose to support and up-
hold that Government according to the obligation
of his constitutional oath. I challenge lum to
produce a single act, public or private, of his,
the tendency of which was not to strengthen the
rebellion, to give it complete and final succcss, to
disrupt this Union, and to overthrow the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. President, I know full well the popularity
of the honorable gentleman. I know his power
in the State of Kentucky, and especially in his own
region of it. I never have seen a man who was
the enemy of my colleague personally. I never
have met an individual who cherished againsthim
an unkind feeling. If there be such an individual
in existence upon this earth, I know him not. If
in that hour of our trouble, of our trial, of our
doubtful struggle, the honorable gentleman had
thrown himself into the cause of the Union and of
the Government, and had come out manfully and
actively and heroically for that Union and that
Government, he would have been hailed with
shouts of gratitude and admiration by the whole
Union paity ofthe State. There was nothing in
relation to him that they more desired. They
would have cheered his advent into their ranks;
they would have been prepared to receive him
with ail the gratitude and honor that they could
have manifested towards him. But, sir, instead
of acting that patriotic, manly, and noble part, my
colleague has acted a part diametrically the oppo-
site iii all the passages of his life, public and pri-
vate, so far as they have come to my knowledge
or I have information of them.
The Senate was in session in March, 1861—this
month a year ago. The work of rebellion and of
civil war had then been initiated. This grave and
momentous subject was before the Senate of the
United States-, and my colleague was called upon
to act and to express himself in relation to this
great struggle then; and how did he act and ex-
press himself? I wiil lead from a speech which he
made. On the 2d day of March last my colleague
said in a speech addressed to the Senate from his
scat:
" [ say now that I am Air enforcing the laws in all the
States that ai einlliin the Union ; but 1 am opposed to mak-
ing war on States that aic u about the Union. 1 am opposed
to coeicmg seceded States. That I have deelaiod in this
Chamber on moie occasions than one, hcreiof'oic. I am
utteilv and entirely opposed to coeicion. I have distinctly
and explicitly declared that I believed that war on the se-
ceding States would put an end to all hope of any recon-
struction of the Union, and hold that no true lovei of the
Union can be in favor of coeicion. I hold that we have
no right under the Constitution to make war upon those
States.J'—Conp cssional Globe and Jlppendix, 1860-01, part
2, page 1370.
At that early day, when the opinion and sen-
timent of the people of Kentucky were wholly
Union, before the emissaries of the South had in-
structed the Kentucky mind on behalf of treason,
when there was not avoice in that noble State ut-
! teied but what was for the Union and for uphold-
ing the Government of the United States in all its
| constitutional authority, when the mind and opin-
jj ion and patriotism of that people were unseduced,
j; and before they were corrupted, what were the
!! principles announced by my colleague on this floor
i; in the extract which I have just read ? What does
jj he term "coercion?" The Constitution of the
:! United States says that the Constitution and the
laws of Congress passed in pursuance of it and
the treaties of the United States shall be the su-
preme law of the land, and it directs that every
officer, executive, legislative, and judicial, of the
Federal Government, and of all the States of the
Union, shall take an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States in this its expressed
supremacy. What was the position of my col-
league? Here was a wicked and a causeless re-
bellion; it had attained to extensive and stupen-
dous proportions; it had debauch-ed and corrupted
almost one ha3f of the United States, mainly by
the connivance of your Secretary of War and your
Secretary of the Navy, who had so disposed of
the navies and armies and guns and munitions of
war, that the energies and power of the General
Government could not be promptly summoned to
quell the rebellion. You had an effete, driveling
President, if not a traitor, with full knowledge of
all their treasonable projects. His confidential ad-
visers, the members of his Cabinet were in daily
consultation with him, and two of them had then
boldly entered into this great conspiracy to over-
throw the Governmentand to dissolve the Union,
and had prostituted all their official power for the
purpose of disabling the Government and putting
it in a position to be subjugated by this mighty
rebellion. All this was under his immediate in-
spection and with his knowledge. The outbreak
was without cause, or with a cause so slight as to
amount to nothing on the question of rebellion and
revolution. These men raised the standard of re-
volt; they seized upon the forts and arsenals and
ships and other property of the United States of
America; they instituted their own State govern-
ments in subordination to tfie new position which
they assumed, and they organized a provisional
government, and elected one who was a member
of this body at that time their president. They
fired upon a ship of the United States in the public
service sent to relieve one of its beleagured forts;
and in a few days thereafter they opened their
formidable and long and deliberately prepared bat-
teries upon that fort itself, and they reduced it
and compelled the flag of the United States for the
first time to trail the ground to a domestic enemy.
What was the position of my colleague then?
What lesson was he teaching his constituency in
the State of Kentucky? What treason was he
indoctrinating or attempting to indoctrinate that
noble and gallant people with ? Notwithstanding
this wau the condition of public affairs, and eleven
ofthe States had seceded nnd thrown off then* al-
legiance to the Government of the United Stales
and reared the standard of rebellion and were try-
ing to taise an alien and hostile government, " I"
said he, "hold that there is no constitutional
power to coerce these insurgents and rebels to obe-
dience to the laws of Congiess,and to the author-
ity and Constitution ofthe United States!"
Was there ever a position of treason taken more
boldly—ticason flagrante delicto? Here, in the
dawn of this mighty rebellion, before it had as-
sumed its largo and gigantic proportions, before
many ofthe people ot the United States, and es-
pecially the people of Kentucky that eventually
j sympathized with and took part for it, had taken
! their position—here is the principle winch my col-
league is teaching to his constituency and to the
American people, he acting here the part of an
American Senator. What did he make his speech
for? It was to be read by his constituency—the
people of Kentucky. It was to instruct the Ken-
tucky mind, and to fire the Kentucky heart for
the purposes of southern treason. It could have
hod no other effect; it was intended to have no
other effect. If my colleague were a private in-
dividual, he would not have been so culpable; but
he, a component part of the Government of the
United States, a member of the Senate, represent-
ing the qualified and restricted sovereignty of the
State of Kentucky upon this floor, was teaching
that principle, and avowing that he was totally
opposed to the whole principle and doctrine of co-
ercion, and giving forth that political teaching to
his people and to the nation! What greater derelic-
tion to duty, to patriotism, to the obligations of
his oath, could my colleague have enacted short
of the overt act of treason ?
But, sir, I shall proceed with as connected a
narrative of the political life of my colleague, both
in the Senate and out of it, as I have been enabled
to get hold of; and I ask leave to bring to the
attention of the body the proceedings of a State
