1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3181
ligent faces bespeaking good living, aa well as study and
reflection. jVfo<t of them kept up an inaudible prayer. One
fine, old, tremblingly fat gentleman seemed to be beyond
the age of piety, but his habitual piayerfuiness still played
upon his lips. He reminded me of Chaucer's monk, who
repeated ail his terms,
'That he had learned out of some decree,
No wonder was he heard it all the day.5
"Directly, buff soldiers, with gilt helmets and dtawn
swoids, ius>h in to guard the door. I thought at first that
there, was a sudden insurrection, knowing thai in matters of
power, as poor Piuajias learned,£ there is but one step from
the Capitol to the Tarpean Rock.' But no j the choir strike
the high notes, the doors beyond open, and * Viola,5 the vice-
gerent of God appears in his tiara and cloth of gold. Around
him swarm ministers of every degree and shade of color,
lie kneels; the rustle of red cardinals shivers in the hallowed
air, and all kneel. Then he ascends to the throne, a fine
looking, full-faccd man, graceful and dignified m his bearing.
L'ower he seems to wear as a iatniliar garment, flow gra-
ciously he extends to the cardinals, who severally leave
their seats, attended by their attendants in purple, carrying
their trams. They, bowing, kiss the hand, or, as I was in-
formed, the diamond brilliant upon the Pope's ring, as a
token of > everence. An inferior oider prostrate themselves,
and tip their labia at the shoe of his Holiness, upon which
is a cross of silver. In the mean time &eiaphic music from
the Pope's select choir lavishes the ear, while the incense
titilates the nose. Soon there auses in this chamber of
theatrical glitter a plain, unquestioned African, and utters
the sermon in facile latinity with graceful manner. His
daikhandsgestur&i harmoniously with the rotund periods,
and his swart visage beamed with a high order ol' intelli-
gence. He was an Abyssinian.
"What a commentary was here upon our American preju-
dices! The head of thegreat Catholic Church, surrounded
by the ripest scholars of the age, listening to the eloquence
of the despised negro, and thereby illustrating to the world
the common bond of brotherhood which binds the human
race." * * * * "The sermon of the Abys-
sinian, in beautiful print, was distributed at the door. I
bung 0110 home as a trophy and as a souvenir of a great truth
which Americans arc prone to deny or condemn."
Mr. HUTCHINS. This Abyssinian admira-
tion of my colleague, which he has so graphically
described, may have suggested to him the pro-
priety of having his speech mostly in type, ready
for distribution as soon as delivered.
The quotations from my colleague's speech
which I have read show " the Buckeye " at home.
The extracts just read by the Clerk show the
11 Buckeye abroad." This Buckeye shrub flour-
ishes best in exotic soil. There it grows to re-
spectable height, and its foliage is quite beautiful;
but at home it grows low and scrubby, and its
foliage is scabby. I would suggest to my col-
league to become not a " wandering Jew," but a
wandering "Buckeye abroad." In his case,"dis-
tance lendsenclmntment to the view." In justice
to my colleague, I will state that these quotations
from his recent speech are taken from the lt sun-
Net" side of ins political life, when he is in " the
sere and yellow leaf." A few words in reply to
his indictmentagamstthis Congress. The events
which have occurred up to this time during the
life of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, arc the most
eventful in our history. The Government, of
which the Congress is a part, since the 4th of
March, 1861, the day on which Mr. Lincoln was
inaugurated President,1ms had forced upon it per-
plexing questions and embairassing duties to a
greater extent than in the same length of timedur-
Jn£ any former period since the adoption of the
Federal Constitution This Congress, as the legis-
lative branch of the Government, has had to meet
those questions and discharge those duties, and
history will record in the main that it has met its
responsibilities and performed its duties wisely
una well. From the persistent opposition of my
colleague [Mr. Cox] and those who act with him
politically, this Congress has failed to do some
things which it should promptly have done, and
whathc mostcomplainsofwill liveou the historic
page as among its most noble and beneficent acts.
Tins Congress found the Government in debt
4120,000,000, caused by the frauds, stealings, and
imbecility of a Democratic Administration, which
my colleague helped to elect, and which'he sup-
ported. It found its Navy scattered to distant
seas by the orders of that Democratic Administra-
tion. It found its munitions of war, arms, and
ordnance, and most of its treasure, in the hands of
traitors and rebels by the connivance and treach-
ery of the members of the Cabinet of that Admin-
istration. It found many of the Government forts,
arsenals, dock-yards, navy-yards, custom-houses
and mints in possession of armed rebels, a large
majority of whom were members of the party to
which my colleague belongs. The Government
securities were selling at a discount of sixteen per
cent.; public, confidence abroad in the integrity and
stability of the Government was gone, and at home
it was materially weakened and well nigh de-
stroyed, and nearly all the Democratic party in
the slave States, and many of its members in the
free States, were openly or secretly conspiring to
overthrow the Government and destroy the unity
of the nation. A majority of the Army officers
who were Democrats had turned traitors and had
basely deserted their flag, and were in arms against
the Government which had educated them.
The foregoing is a general and brief statement
ofthecondition of affairs when the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, on the call of the President, on the 4th
day of July last, was summoned to a discharge of
its duties. So energetic, prompt, and thorough
was the action of the Thirty-Seventh Congress at
the extra session, that it inspired hope and revived
confidence throughout the loyal sections of the
country. Laws were promptly passed, on the rec-
ommendation of the Executive and his Cabinet,
to provide ways and means to raise an Army and
provide a Navy; and forthwith, in response to
these measures, six hundred thousand citizen
soldiers were in the field, armed, equipped, and
supplied with all requisite munitions of war. The
scattered Navy was collected as soon as possible;
new and improved vessels of war were built; the
Navy was reorganized, and its glorious achieve-
ments at Hatteras, Roanoke, Forts Henry, Don-
elson, Pulaski, Phillips, Jackson, at Island No.
10, at New Orleans, at Memphis, and at other
places, in cooperation with the Army, are the
grand results. The action of Congress was but
the echo of the patriotic voice of the people. On
the authority of law money flowed into the Treas-
ury at the call of its Secretary sufficient to meet
all those extraordinary expenses, and to-day the
Government securities are selling at a premium.
So far as the raising of money, means, materials,
and munitions of war is concerned, the success in
the same length of time is without a parallel in the
history of any nation. The Government of Eng-
land, in 179G, under the ad ministration of Mr. Pitt,
affected a loan, known in history as the Loy-
alty Loan," being raised by the voluntary sub-
scription of loyal persons, of <£18,000,000. This
fact has been proudly chronicled by Englteh
writers as a remarkable instance of the patriotism
and of the exhaustless resources of the English
people. The loyal American capitalists as quickly
responded to the amount of $150,000,000! Na-
poleon, in the zenith of hispower, and in the pride
of his military success, and in the height of his
military glory, never raised and put into the field
an army ofyix hundred thousand men as promptly
as did the President of the United States on the
authority of the legislation of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress.
The nations of Europe have beheld these results
with wonder and amazement, and some of them
with chagrin. Our national symbol, the American
flag, with no star obscured and no stripe erased,
will soon float in triumph over every lood of the
Republic, and it will again command respect on
every sea and at every port where commerce, en-
terprise, and civilization have a habitation and a
name. Whatever has been found defective in the
legislation of the extra session has been corrected,
and is being corrected, at the present session.
Congress has matured a system of taxation com-
mensurate with the high duties which u has been
compelled to discharge. This has been a most
arduous and difficult task. There are, doubtless,
defects m this system which experience will de-
velop and which future legislation will correct.
The patriotism of the people has been tested in
surrendering the flower of its population for the
defense of the Government, and tne croakings of
demagogues and traitors at the tax bill will not
swerve them from their integrity or frighten them
fiom their patriotism. The soldiers mustbepaid
—their families must be provided for. This Con-
gress has had to act upon embarrassing questions,
some of them without precedent in the history of
the Government. There has been occasion for
honest difference of opinion among loyal and pa-
tiotic men as to the legality and policy of certain
measures. Upon many questions each member,
in obedience to the judgment of the whole, has
been obliged to yield up, to some extent, his indi-
vidual opinions; and the individual ideas of mem-
bers of what is light and proper cannot always be
carried out.
In discharge of those high duties which this re-
bellion has devolved on this Congress, it has freed
the capital from the disgrace and the crime of sla-
very, and looking upon slavery in the States as
the immediate cause of this wickedwar against the
Government, on the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, Congress, in aliberaland friendly spirit, has
proposed to aid by pecuniary compensation such
States as may desire to rid themselves of this ter-
rible incubus. As a punishment for crime, as
means of putting down the rebellion, Congress is
proposing to confiscate the property of rebels, and
to deprive them of their slaves. Following the
teachings of Jefferson, and the example of the
Congress of 1787, this Congress has forever pro-
hibited slavery in the Territories acquired and to
be acquired.
Against these and other kindred measures of
obvious policy and justice my colleague of the
Columbus district protests by voice aryi vote,and
because Congress entertains them, he hurls at it
his bitterest denunciations. I am grateful to my
constituents for an opportunity to vote for and
advocate such measures. Few men in any age
have had, or will have an opportunity to do so
much good in a public way as the members of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress. These measures,
against which my colleague wags his tongue with
such hatred and bitterness, will be regarded in
history as the noblest acts of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. They recognizc the inalienable right
of man to life, liberty, and justice. One cannot
fail, in reading my colleague's tirade against these
acts, to be reminded of the burning words of Mark
Antony over the dead body of Caesar:
" Oh judgment! thou art fled to brutish beasts,
And men have lost their reason."
History will be true to justice, and will not" own
such judgment" as my colleague has pronounced.
He interposes against these measures with all his
powers of ridicule "the raw-head and bloody
bones" of negro equality. These measures have
no relation to political or social equality, and have
no tendency to regulate the one or to interfere with
the other. Because we are willing to do justice
to the humblest in society, does it follow that wo
are bound to extend to them the same social and
political privileges which we enjoy? Because my
colleague is disposed to pay his humble washer-
woman a just compensation for her labor, shall I
reproach him with the inclination to marry her,
or to invite her to his table ? The right of suffrage
is a political right, and a State or political com-
munity may withhold it from a class of persons
without an interference with their natural rights.
It is withheld in most of the States from foreign-
ers till they have resided in the country five yeais.
lt may be granted conditionally to, or withheld
entirely from, colored persons, without injustice
to their natural rights. The people of each State are
entirely competent to regulate that matter, and most
people are competent to control their social rela-
tions. Should the gradual emancipation plan be car-
ried out in the States, and should confiscation lib-
erate the slaves of rebels, if my colleague really fears
he shall be brought down or up to a social equal-
ity with liberated Abyssinians, such as he saw at
Sistuie Chapel,onf he fearsany tendency to amal-
gamate with that race which he so despises in this
countiy, but which in Home so charmed him, I
will not object to a special law for his benefit. Such
a bill would be in order on private bill day, if no
objection is made, and 1 am sure no one on this
side of the House will be so unkind as to inter-
pose an objection. My colleague seems to have
but little prejudice against the society of traitors,
and from his votes here he would seem desirous
of cultivating it. This may be attributed to the
fact that his system is so full of prejudice against
the negro that there is no room for justice to trai-
tors. The space is limited.
A bill passed the House, a few days since, en-
titled $< An act to prescribe an oath of office."
This bill provided in substance that all United
States officers shall take an oath that they have
not voluntarily engaged in this rebellion, or borne
arms against the United States. Without such
a law, at the close of the war this House might
be mainly filled, from the States now in rebellion,
with traitors. My colleague showed by his vote
that he was willing, as a member of this body, to
set alongside of traitors, whose'hands are rod with
the blood of his murdered constituents. My col-
league, and all his Democratic associates, voted
against this bill. They do not object to the so-
ciety of traitors, but they do oppose acts of com-
