1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rights meeting or convention in the city of Hen-
derson, where my colleague has his home, and
over which he presided, that took place in June
last. I have here a notice of it in the Reporter,
a secession State rights paper, published in my
colleague's own town, giving a summary of its
proceedings in a short paragraph. After reading
that, I shall read the resolutions and the official
account of the proceedings of the meeting. The
editor says in an editorial:
" On Saturday last a large crowd assembled at the court-
house in pursuance to the call for a mass convention to
nominate a southern rights candidate for the Legislature.
The meeting was the largestandmostharmonious wehave
attended for many a day. Governor L. W. Powejx was
called to the chair, and biiefly stated the objectof the con-
vention. A committee of seven wa« appointed to draft res-
olutions expressive of the sentiments? of the convention,
and to repoit a plan for choosing a nominee and suitable
peisons to be put in nomination. The committee then re-
tired to tiansact theii business.
"Being called upon, S. B. Vance, Esq., candidate for
the State Senate, took the stand, and deliveied one of the
most powerful, convincing, and eloquent speeches we ever
heard. He followed the couite of the unconditional Union
party"—
You see there was an unconditional Union
party in Kentucky at that time. I belonged to
that party then; I belong to it now, and I will
belong to it ever. I was born undei the stars and
the stripes, within the ark of the Union, educated
religiously to maintain and support the principles
of that immortal system of government. I have
lived to my age in their support, and, with the
blessing of God, I will die in their support. [Man-
ifestations of applause in the galleries, which were
checked by the Presiding Officer.]
" He followed the course of the unconditional Union
patty through its various changes, reading their resolutions
Horn Januaiy to the present ume, holding up their time-
serving inconsistencies and gross hypocrisy, to the minds
of his attentive audience, in a style peculiarly Ins own. lie
read a miseiable and slandeious ciieular, which charged
candidates ot the southern rights paity with talking one
kind of sentiment5: and eutei taming anothei; that the dec-
laiatton5* of their pi mciplcs trom the stump weie but Mtol-
low pretense* to deceive the people.' He administered a
veiy couiteous but telling rebuke to the unscrupulous au-
thois of the citculai. The conclusion ot his speech was
truly beautiful and eloquent. He gained many tiiends and
suppoitors, as he will undoubtedly do wherevci he goes.
IIis election bv a targe majouty is a fixed lact.
tC After Mr. Vance concluded, the committee made their
leport; which was unanimously adopted."
A number of speakers followed; and, at the
close, " Governor L. W. Powei.i/' then arose.
After the speeches of the persons present had been
made and listened to and drunk in, like the hart
who pants for the water-brooks, as the desert of
Sahara does for the meager shower that falls upon
its parched sand; when they had drunk in these
treasonable sentiments with the same aridity, my
colleague, not satisfied, must needs address that
body of conspirators himself:
<• Governor L. W. rowni.Lthen arose and addressed those
who had not letlied lioni the house in a short but appio-
piute speech of about fifteen minutes, vvlien the conven-
tion adjourned, nil pleased with its pioceedingt, except,
perhaps, the eoereiomsts."
No doubt that is true. I have here also the
official account of the meeting:
"At a southern rights convention, held in the city of
Henderson on the J5th instant, at the court-house, foi the
puipose of nominating a suitable person to lepresent the
county of Henderson m the lower House of the next Gen-
eial Assemblv of Kentucky—
" Oil motion. Governoi L. \V. Powell was called to the
chair, and J. F. Clay appointed secretary."
The most honored name on earth is sometimes
carried by an unworthy and ignoble person. This
appeared and tendered the following lesolutions,which weie
leeeived, and unanimously adopted:
" Resohed, That the State governments in this Republic
are founded on the consent of the free people thereof re-
spectively, and the will of a majority of such people law-
fully expressed is binding upon all, and that the Federal
Government, being instituted by the voluntary association
of such sovereign States "—
What sovereign nonsense!—
" united undei the Federal Constitution for the purpose of
common defense and general welfare, is but the agent of
the States within the sphere of enumerated powers con-
tained in the instrument and bond of such Union, and pos-
sesses no power to subjugate or coerce such States."
When South Carolina, or any other traitorous
State, by its State authority organizes rebellion
and rises in traitorous opposition to the Constitu-
tion and Government of the United States, the po-
sition of my colleague is that the Government of
the United States has no power to repress and to
put it down by military arms. Why, sir,it was
to invest the General Government with this identi-
cal power that our fathers, with that godlike man,
Washington, at their head, repudiated and put
aside the old Articlesof Confederation, and framed
and adopted by the people of the United States,
acting by States—as the people of a State act by
counties in the adoption of their State constitution
—the Federal Constitution, and it became the in-
strument and form of Government of the people,
and not of the States. It was to stamp upon it the
character of a Government that would not operate
through the agency of the States, but directly upon
the people, through laws against treason and other
penal laws, that the present system of Govern-
ment was formed. It was to embody and to carry
into effect those indispensable powers of Govern-
ment, without which any system of Government
would be but a mockery and a dream, that this
Constitution was framed and adopted by the peo-
ple of America after seven years of experience
under the old Articles of Confederation, when it
had no longer the energy that was imparted to it
by the struggle for our independence with the
mother country.
These resolutions go further:
••2. That the war now being waged by the Federal Ad
ministration against the southern States is in violation of
the Constitution and laws, and has alieady been attended
with such stupendous usurpations as to amaze the woild
and endangei evcrv safeguard of constitutional libeitv.
" :i. That Kentucky piotests against sharing any part of
the enormous buidcn of debt created m the piosccutiou of
this wicked, unneeessaiy, and umiatutal war'1—
No part of Kentucky ever assumed that position
but that arch-traitor John C. Breckinridge, and
his followers in treason. The Union party of that
State knew better, thought better, felt better, acted
better, and upon the contrary proposition
" That Kentucky piotests against sharing any part of the
enormous bmden ol debt created in the piosecution ol this
wicked, unnecessary, and unnatural wai "
Sir, the war was correctly characterized; but
they sought to put the saddle on the wrong horse
they sought to put the boot upon the wrong leg.
The responsibility for this war was upon the reb-
els, the seceshers,and their sympathizers, and not
upon the Government of the United States or the
Union people of Kentucky or of America. The
resolution continues:
" She did nothing to bring it about, but eveiything in liei
power to avert it"—
| I shall speak on that point directly—
li "and she protests against it as destructive of the sover-
I eignty of the States, subversive ot the libeities ol the peo-
ij pic'"—
II I should like to know how much liberty is en-
lIUvU UV till illlUUlMlJI UUHAJjI.w.v |-  _ , ,    _ .
was the casein relation to the secretary of this ■! joyed by the people of the South in secessia under
convention. || "'he iron mill tai y iule and despotism of Jeff Davis
■! On motion of F. H. Dallam, Esq.. the following leso- e  and leading to a svslcm of direct taxation, which, if sub-
hitions* ere adopted: !! nutted to, must speedily desolate and beggar the Common-
"Rc'olrcd, That a committee composed of seven per- , wealth."
sons be selected by the chaii to leport the names of suit;
nhi  nm-snns to he nut. in nomination for leuiesunUtive ot ,
able persons to be put 111 nomination for iepi
Urn countv. , , . . . ,,
"2. That said committee repoit a plan by which the
votes of the convention shall be cast, so as to deteimiue
the nomination.
<£ In aecoidance with the foregoing lesolutions, a com-
mittee of seven was appointed, composed ol the following
named gentlemen : F. II. Dallam, Solomon ?tzem<ne. John
S. McCoimiek, Robert Dixon, J. P. Breckinridge, and J.
15. Lester, who letiied for the purpose of piepaung their
report.35
I trust this Dixon is no relation of my hon-
ored friend from Connecticut.
" Mr. Vance, candidate for
for, took the stand and picsented
effective, and eloquent addicts.
u After which the committee, through their chaiiman
I admit the prospect of enormous direct taxa-
tion. Who is responsible for it? Who made that
great national burden necessary ? By whose act
was it that the industry of this nation is borne
down and ground into the dust by the enormous
taxation that has been and is to be imposed to
i cany on this war? Who but Jeff Davis and my
i colleague and their followers and sympathizers?
: I do not complain of the burden to defend the
i nation and the Government, and to extract it from
' the clutches of this treason, and to crush ltm the
  dust and in ignominy. I would be for waging
the State Senate, beingcalled war for twenty years and giving up all the
ted Ills positions in a very able, ' , subgif.tence that the nation has, and all of its lie-
!fS" 11 roic blood, sooner than compromise with the trea-
son and these traitors, by allowing them one right
outside of the pale of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
But, sir, I did not read the whole of the.pre-
vious resolution of this convention. Here it is:
" Resolved, That the State governments ill this Republic
arc founded on the consent of the ftee people thereof re-
spectively, and the will of a majority of such people law-
fully expressed is binding upon all, and that the Federal
Government, being instituted by the voluntary association
of such sovereign States, united under the Federal Consti-
tution for the purpose of common defense and genei ai wel-
fare, is but the agent of the States within the sphere of
enumerated powers contained in the instrument and bond
of such Union, and possesses no power to subjugate or co-
erce such Slates."
Then they continue:
" 2. That the war now being waged by the Federal
Administration'1—
not by Congress, not by the United States, but
the war now being waged by the Federal Admin-
istration—
" against the southern States, is in violation of the Con-
stitution and the laws, and has already been attended with
such stupendous usurpations as to amaze the world and
endanger every safeguard of constitutional liberty.
" 3. That Kentucky protects against sharing any part of
the enormous burden of debt created in the prosecution of
this wicked, unnecessaiy, and unnatural war; she did noth-
ing to bring it about, but everything m her power to avert
it, and she protests against it as destructive of the sover-
eignty of the States, subversive of the liberties of the peo-
ple, and leading to a system of direct taxation, which, if
submitted to, must speedily desolate and beggar the Com-
monwealth.
"4. That the military usurpations by which our sister
States of Maryland and Missouri are trampled in the dust
aie utteily fatal to State sovereignty, and have been en-
forced under eiicunistances ot cruel ferocity disgraceful to
a civilized age.
" o. That the recall of the invading armies, and the rec-
ognition of the separate independence of the confederate
States, is the true policy to icstore peace and preserve the
relations of fraternal love and amity between the States."
There, sir, is the position of my colleague. He
is against coercing the seceded States. He is not
only against that, but he is for their recognition
as the only mode and means by which amity and
peace can be established between them and the ad-
hering States. What else do the seceding States
ask for, or did they ever ask for? To be let alone;
to have their separate existence and independence
recognized. It was what they rebelled for. It
waslhnt for which they have raised and embodied
their vast military power, with which they have
resisted the execution of the laws of the United
States. My colleague takes the position that their
separate existence and independence must be rec-
ognized as the only mode by which peace can be
established. Sir, that is a treasonable sentiment,
and that would be the great consummation of the
treasonable purpose of these States. But my col-
league was mistaken. There are other means and
other modes by which peace could be established.
Those modes are now being resorted to, and they
arc heard in the shout of battle and in the acclaim
of success by the heroic Union hosts who are
now in the tented field struggling for the existence
of their Government. It is heard in the complaints
and in the wail of distress, and soon it will be
heard in the cry of submission and peace that the
confederates themselves will send up to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
But, sir, I will read on these resolutions:
iff). That we heartilv approve the refusal of Governor Ma-
goffin to furnish Kentucky troops to subjugate the South"—
I never approved of that. 1 admit that many of
our people did; and I admit that a majority ot
the old Breckinridge Legislature that was elected
before this difficulty commenced did; but I will
speak of that, its breadth, scope, and meaning
after a while—
" and we coidially indoise liis lecent proclamation defining
the position of Kentucky, in aceoidanee with the sentiment
of her people, and forbidding the invasion ot Kentucky by
Federal 01 confederate troops."
I sty that that was a wholly untruthful and un-
just interpretation of the sentiment of the people
of Kentucky. They never intended nor will they
ever indorse the neutrality of Kentucky as it was
laid down and explained by the Governor. Let
us look at that and see what it is. Here is that
very noted proclamation:
"Now, therefore, I, Bciiah Magoffin, Governor of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky, and commander-in-chief of
all her military forces, on land or water"—
1 do not believe she had any on water at that
time—
" have issued this my proclamation, hereby notifying and
warning all other States, whether separate or united, and
