1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
vote against striking out this first section and for
retaining it in the bill do thereby affirm the power
of Congress to forfeit the estates of persons con-
victed of treason. I am not willing that any one
shall by the opinions he entertains and chooses
to express put me upon the record in that way,
and I therefore wanttoentermy disclaimeragainst
that.
The first section of the bill has not a single feat-
ure or element of a forfeiture or confiscation about
it. It is said, however, that we are attempting to
do indirectly what we are forbidden to do directly.
It is conceded by my colleague that under the
Constitution we cannot make a forfeiture of the
real estate of a person convicted of treason a part
of the punishment; the Constitution forbids and
prohibits it; but he says we are seeking to do by
indirection what the Constitution forbids us to do
directly. How are we seeking to accomplish that
by indirection? Will the Senator contend that we
possess any power to make forfeiture of estate a
part of the punishment for assault and battery ? I
apprehend not. I do not suppose he will insist
that it would be competent for Congress to make
forfeiture of estate a part of the penalty and pun-
ishment of any other crime; and yet under the
laws of Congress persons in the District of Co-
lumbia guilty of assault and battery maybe pun-
ished. How? They may be punished by fine
and imprisonment if Congress chooses so to de-
clare. If that fine is paid, as in this case if the
fine that is imposed by this section be paid by the
party convicted after his conviction, there is an
end of it; there is no forfeiture of his estate; we
do not touch his estate; he may take the money
from his pocket and pay his fine and there is an
end. of it.
But the gentleman chooses to say that because
he is punished by fine, it is indirectly a forfeiture
of his estate. How, sir? The presumption is,
and that is the purpose of the law, that when the
fine is imposed, the fine will be paid, the judgment
of the court will be submitted to and complied with.
If it is, there is an end to it. So it is with the per-
son that you convict of assault and battery. But,
sir, suppose he does not pay his fine, what do you
do then ? Forfeit his estate ? No. You do in this
case just as you do in the case of assault and bat-
tery or any other case where there is a judgment
against a party which he will not satisfy volun-
tarily—you coerce payment of what he will not
pay without coercion; you issue an execution and
levy it upon his property. It is not necessarily
to be levied upon his real estate; it may not touch
it; he may have personalty enough accessible to
the execution to raise the whole amount of the fine,
and when it is levied on the personalty and paid
there is an end of it. There is no forfeiture of his
estate. You do not touch his estate.at all in any
other way than you touch his estate upon any
other judgment. And yet it is said because we
may reach it ultimately—it may come to that, I
concede; it may ultimately take not only all of his
personalty, but all of his realty to pay the fine;
but does that prove that we have thereby forfeited
it as a part of the punishment? No, sir; because,
returning again to the case of assaultand battery,
you do precisely the same thing theie; and yet I
repeat once again, that I apprehend no Senator
will rise in his placc and assert that, as a part of
the punishment for assault and battery committed
in the District of Columbia, we may declare a for-
feiture forever of all the real estate of the offender.
Mr. HOWARD. I declare it most distinctly
and confidently that we have full power to forfeit
estates, real and personal, for the crime of assault
and battery in this District. .
Mr. BROWNING. I should be glad if the.
gentleman at some time would tell us where he
gets the power.
Mr. HOWARD. I will do so.
Mr. BROWNING. I shall bo happy to hear
you; I shall be glad to be enlighened on that sub-
ject. Now, let me put another case. Suppose a
judgment is recovered in any of your courts in
the District of Columbia by one person against
another for a debt of $100, and the defendant does
not pay the money, may Congress pass a law for-
feiting his estate because he does not pay it? I
apprehend the Senator will hardly contend that
we can do that. We cannot do that directly; wo
cannot go directly and forfeit his estate because
he has failed to comply with the judgment of the
court by discharging the debt that the judgment
has ascertained to be due from him to another.
Now, sir, will the Senator assert that in the event
of his failure to do that, Congress may pass a law
forfeiting all his estate as a punishment for his
failure ?
Mr. HOWARD. I will not assert that, be-
cause we lawyers generally suppose there is some
slight show of distinction between a penalty im-
posed in the shape of a fine or a forfeiture, and
the recovery of a simple debt as between individ-
uals.
Mr. BROWNING. The fine is a debt.
Mr. CLARK. Nothing but a judgment debt.
Mr. HOWARD. A fine is punishment; it is a
penalty. It is not merely a debt, although it par-
takes somewhat of the character of a debt; there is
superadded to it the character of a punishment for
crime.
Mr. BROWNING. A judgment when it is
rendered is a debt as much as anything else; it is
a debt of record; it is a debt of the highest possi-
ble dignity; but it answers my purpose just as
well whether it be a debt or not; I do not care a fig
about that, because the argument is the same and
the strength of theargumentis the same. The gen-
tleman concedes that we cannot forfeit the estate
as a punishment for failing to pay the debt. Why?
We have no power to do it, we cannot do that
directly, he says; but can we collect that debt by
levying upon his estate? No, sir, if the argument
is of any value that has been made against this bill;
because to do it by levying upon his estate is to
do that indirectly which the gentleman admits we
have no power to do directly, just as much as it is
in this case. Is there any difference or any dis-
tinction in the force of the argument and in its ap-
plication to the one case and to the other? When
we have recovered a debt, he concedes that we
have no power directly to forfeit the estate for it,
but we proceed to do it indirectly by authorizing
an execution upon the judgment and the levy of
that execution upon his estate, and we sell his
estate, and all his estate, for the satisfaction of the
execution, and deprive him and his heirs of it for-
ever. Therefore, according to the argument, we
have done indirectly what the Constitution forbids
us to do directly, and I do not care whether you
call it a fine or anything else.
But, sir, put another case. Suppose an action
in tort to be broughtby oneperson againstanother
in the Districtof Columbia. There is no debt due,
but the plaintiff recovers damages, and these dam-
ages are as a punishment, not only as a satisfac-
tion to the one party, but as a punishment of the
other for his wrong. The damages are unliqui-
dated; the verdict of the jury ascertains them; the
judgment of the court declares it a debt of record
against the defendant. We cannot for that as a
punishment upon him for his tort committed
against his neighbor forfeit his estate directly, but
we issue an execution, and do indirectly, gentle-
men say, what we cannot do directly. Why, sir,
the truth is, and there is the whole of it, it is just
like proceeding in any other case of punishment
by fine; if the fine is paid, the estate is not touched;
if it is not paid, we coerce payment by takingany
estate we may reach.
Now, sir, one word in response to a suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, and I shall be done,
because I have no intention, at this stage of the
case, to enter upon any discussion of constitu-
tional or other questions; my only design was to
throw out a suggestion to exclude a conclusion
that we have all been converted suddenly to the
doctrine that the power of Congress is omnipotent
to forfeit estates, if we choose to do it, notwith-
standing the Constitution. The Senator from
Ohio insists, however, that,the Constitution never
intended to prevent a forfeiture forever of all the
estate, real and personal, of a person convicted
of treason; and he dogmatized with a good deal
of emphasis upon the subject, and said that no
lawyer ever believed so. 'Well, that unfrocks a
good many of the profession upon this floor. We
may not be lawyers m anything else than name;
but there are those who wear the name, and some,
I am happy to say, ^vho have worn it far longer,
1 apprehend, than the Senator from Ohio has, and
wore it with distinguished honor, who do believe
that it was the puipose of the frameis of the Con-
stitution to prevent that very thing. ^The mistake
the Senator from Ohio makes is in insisting that
realty and personalty, in the contemplation of the
Constitution, stand upon the same basis, and that
the same power that can reach one can reach the
other, and that itwas intended thatitshould be so.
Now, Mr. President, is that so ? Just examine
for one minute only the premises from which the
Senator from Ohio starts on his argument, and
hin argument falls to the ground; it is baseless.'
If we concede his premises, that the Constitution
places the realty and the personalty in the same
category, subject to be dealt with in the same way,
his conclusion follows; but his premises are not
conceded. What is the language of the Consti-
tution ? If the gentleman had taken the pains to
read it, I think he would not have fallen into the
error which 1 very respectfully submit he has
fallen into:
" Congress shall have power to declare the punishment
of treason, hut no attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood, or forfeiture, exccpt during the life of the person
attainted.!}
Why was that inserted? "No attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeit-
ure." Forfeiture of what? Hereafter, after the
adoption of this Constitution, no attainder of trea-
son shall thenceforward work a forfeiture of such
property as attainder did before the adoption of
this Constitution. What was that? What prop-
erty was forfeited by an attainder of treason? Not
the gentleman's three-year old colt. That was
not touched; that was in no danger; that was in
no peril. The personalty, by the English law,
was never forfeited by an attainder of treason; it
was the realty and the realty only that the attain-
der acted upon; and when they say no attainder
shall hereafter work a forfeiture, they mean that
no attainder shall hereafter work a forfeiture upon
the same estate that it heretofore acted upon. An
attainder never did act upon the personalty at all,
never touched it; it affected the realty only; and
to prevent that hereafter ensuing as a consequence
of the attainder of treason, this provision of the
Constitution was inserted; but it left the person-
alty to be dealt with as in the wisdom of Congress
it might sec fit; if it chose to do so, to be acted
upon by the conviction of treason hereafter as it
had been acted upon by the conviction of treason
heretofore. That is the whole of it; and this pro-
vision of the Constitution, therefore, relates to
precisely that class of property, and that class of
property only, that was affected by the attainder
of treason before the adoption of the Constitution.
I have wandered, Mr. Piesident, very much fur-
ther into this subject than I intended. I rose only
to enter my protest against being put against my
will upon the record as a convert to the doctrines
of confiscation that have been urged here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to pro-
long this debate, and am sorry to have to say any-
thing, but the views which gentlemen take seem
to pie so singular that I must be pardoned for re-
peating, in fi few words, what I understand this
question to be.
My colleague assumes that it is incompetent for
Congress to prescribe a forfeiture as a punishment
for crime. 1 think he is entirely mistaken. He
puts the question whether for assaultand battery
we could prescribe forfeiture as a penalty. Un-
doubtedly wc could within this District where we
have jurisdiction over assaults and batteries,and
any Legislature of any State of the Union may
make the forfeiture of rights the consequence of
conviction forcrime. Nothing is more common.
There are numerous statutes in my own State that
do it. I appichend there is not a State in the
Union that has not a statute which, for some of-
fense or other, prescribes a forfeiture either as the
whole or a part of the penalty. This very first
section provides that the slaves of a person con-
victed of treason shall be freed. Is not that a for-
feiture of the right of the owner to the labor and
service of those slaves? It does not propose by
a fine to do it.
Mr. BROWNING. Will my colleague permit
me to say one word?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I have never questioned,
that I know of, ai any period of my life since I
began to know what law was, the power of Con-
gress to forfeit the personalty if it chose to do so,
under our Constitution, for treason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there is a power to
forfeit. A few moments ago I understood my
colleague to ask the question with a great deal of
triumph, if it was in the power of Congress to for-
feit a risht for the conviction of crime. It is con-
