2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
ceded now that Congress may forfeit for the con-
viction of crime, not by way of fine.
Mr. BROWNING. I do notdesire to interfere
with my colleague, but I do think that ordinary
fairness wouldrequire thatl should be represented
as applying my remark to the realty. I do not
think that I could have been grossly misunder-
stood.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thenitcomcsto this: that
the power of Congress to prescribe as a punish-
ment for crime a forfeiture, exists not a forfeiture
of realty, but a forfeiture of personalty at any rate.
There is, then, not much force in the question that
was asked if it was possible to forfeit property for
the commission of the offense of assault and bat-
tery. Now, sir, there is a very great distinction
between the rights arising to private individuals
upon contracts or upon torts, injuries done by one
individual to another, and punishments for ciime;
and when my colleague insists that bccause on a
judgment obtained by one individual against an-
other he may sell the real estate of the defendant,
therefore a fine when it shall have ripened into a
judgmentstands in the position of a debt, and that
in that way you can take the real estate of a con-
victed traitor, bccause the consequence of that
conviction has been entered up in a judgment for
a fine, I think he does violence to the meaning of
the Constitution, if it means what he insists it
means, about which I have said once 01 twice that
I was not very clear.
I have had trouble in construing this language
in the Constitution. I think for an instrument
which is so singularly well worded and clear as
the Constitution of the United States is, it is re-
markable that there should have been this con-
fusion in this clause. This clause of the Consti-
tution speaks of an attainder for treason, when a
previous clause had provided that no bill of at-
tainder should be passed; and I suppose we all
agree that the word 11 attainder" hrue is not in-
tended to mean attainder in a technical sense, but
rather conviction. I suppose evciy one assents
to that. But if the Constitution does mean that
the real estate of a convicted traitor shall not be
forfeited except for life, as my colleague insists,
does he believe, does the country believe, floes
anybody believe, that the wise men who niado the
Constitution meant to prohibit words and not
things; that they did not mean to protect the pos-
terity of the traitor in the real estate of his an-
cestor, but they simply meant to say that, by way
of forfeiture, you should not take the real estate
away from the children of the traitor, but by way
of fine you might do it? Were tin? wise men as-
sembled in convention engaged in providing that
the means by which you should deprive the pos-
terity of a traitor of the real estate of the ances-
tor should not be by forfeiture, but might bo by
fine? I cannot think so. If others can, well and
good. I am willing that the Senate should so vote,
f should be glad to understand the Constitution
in that way myself; and not having veiy clear
ideas, and being unable upon much reflection to
ascertain precisely what this language was in-
tended to mean, 1 shall be very much inclined to
fall in with the decision which the Senate shall
make.
Now, sir, one other word, and I hope not to
have occasion to say anything further in reference
to tiiis matter. This section of the bill vests in
the judge before whom the tiaitor shall be con-
victed the disci etion as to the mode of his punish-
ment. Are you prepaitd to do that? Who is to
exercise that discretion upon your Jeff Davises,
your Beau regards, your Toombscs, and the men
who have plunged this country into eiul war,
who have brought all this desolation upon us?
Who is to exercise it? The judges of your courts
in the southern States. And do you want to put
it in the power of the judge of the d isti ict of Geor-
gia, who yet holds hts office, as I was informed
to-dav, and who has probably done no act for
which you can impeach him—do you want to put
it in his power to say whether he .shall fine and
imprison Mr. Toombs, or whether he shall make
him answer on the scaffold for the at rociou.s ciimes
he has committed against this country ? Will you
put it in the power of the judge in Mississippi'
Do you want to vest the discretion in the power
of thesejudges in the southern States to let off the
very chief of the rebels with fine and imprison-
ment? I do not. If convicted of treason by a
juiy, I would leave no discretion in the judge to
mitigate the punishment for this highestof human
crimes. It is enough that the power remains in
your Chief Magistrate to pardon; and if an indi-
vidual shall be convicted of treason underthelaw
as it now stands, who is a fit subject for clemency,
I doubt not the Chief Executive of the nation will
extend it to him, and commute his punishment or
pardon him altogether. I am satisfied to leave the
matter there in regard to the punishment of trea-
son.
Mr. CLARK. There may be things that have
been said by various Senators in debate that may
require some reply; but I prefer that we should
come to a vote, if Senators are willing, upon the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] to strike out the first section of the
bill after the enacting clause, and upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Howard, IVatce, Towcll. Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson
of Mis-ouri—10.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony. Brovvmnp, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon. Doohttlo, FcV^enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Il.ulau, HauK Ilendeii-on, IJowe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Laue ot Kansas, McDougall, Morn!!, Nesimth, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Simmons, Sumnn, Tun E>ek, Willey, Wilson
of Mar-saeliur-etts, and Wnglu—29.
So the Senate refused to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Let us go
on with this bill. We can have an executive ses-
sion by and by.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly willing to re-
main and vote on all the sections of this bill, if
there is any probability of our making any prog-
ress.
Mr. CLARK. We have got two votes already.
Lot us go on.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very important that wc
should have an executive session, and with an
understanding that we shall have one after awhile,
I withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr. HOWARD. I move 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to make a mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish to move that the sec-
ond section of the bill be stricken out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to allow me to make a motion, that
when the Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, I yield for that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 make that motion.
Air. CLARK. I hope that will not be agreed
to. We may use this day and to-morrow to dis-
pose of this bill, and give Monday to the tax bill.
1 think we had lietiei do it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the peculiar friends
of this measure will treat those of us who are op-
posed to it with fairness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit that the motion
of the Senator from California cannot be in order
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair un-
derstood the Senator from Michigan to give way
for the purpose ofallowmg the motion to be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At any rate, I hope the
motion will not be agreed to. It js near the end
of the session, and there arc important measures
jj before us leqmring prompt action.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask if this motion is in order
j while another question is before the Senate. Ccr-
j1 tamly I think a motion of thus sort is not now in
,! order without common consent.
'J Mr. McDOUGALL. This is the first motion
<\ to adjourn out I ever made in this Senate or in
; the other buinch of Congress, but I think it is a
1 good inic to give us Saturdays and Sundays for
; consideration and reflection.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion
I of the Chair is, that while the motion of the Sen-
i atorfrom Michigan is pending, the motion of the
j Senator from California is not m order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean to say that
i i am for adjourning over to Monday, but I should
be sorry to have it adopted as a precedent here
that it required unanimous consent to make this
motion. We have been in the habit of making the
motion to adjourn over as a sort of privileged mo-
tion; but if you adopt the rule that it can only be
made by the consent of every member of the Sen-
ate, it would embarrass us sometimes. I hope we
shall be allowed to take a vote on the motion and
that the point of order will not be insisted on. The
Senate can vote down the motion if they see proper
not to adjourn over. It will take but a moment
to decide it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the Senate will do
more business by pursuing the customary course,
and notrequire members to come here to-morrow.
Mr. BROWNING. Many of us are compelled
to do business at the Departments, and we have
only Saturday in which to do it. It would be a
hardship I think to deny us that day to devote to
impoi tant business of our friends in the Army and
in other public positions remote from here, who
are compelled to intrust their business to us. I
doubt whether a quorum will be here to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides the motion to adjourn over to be out of order
while other business is pending. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not intend to detain the
Senate but a short time with what I have to say
in favor of the motion I have made; but I think
it a very proper motion, and one which ought to
be sustained by the vote of the Senate. We are
in the midst of one of the most furious wars
with which the woild was ever desolated; a war
in which the people of the United States are en-
gaged; a civil war, a description of war the most
fierce and bloody and merciless, as every one
knows; a contest in which, upon the one side,
there is arrayed a military force certainly notlcss
than six hundred thousand men defending the
Constitution of the United States and the liberties
which it guaranties and the flag which has ever
been our glory, and on the other an almostequal
foice banded together for the purpose of over-
throwing the authority of the United States in
certainly nine of the States belonging to the Union;
a force commanded by some of the most distin-
guished military characters that our country has
overproduced; men of talent, men of determina-
tion, men of vigor, resolved to establish their in-
dependence of the. old Government, and to setup
one for themselves: Battles, numbering almost
! hundreds, have already been fought,and the whole
I hostile line, from the Atlantic to the Rocky mount-
ains, has become, as you may say, reddened with
fiatemal blood, it is a war of rebellion against
established government—a war of insurrection,
causeless, wanton, wicked, as weall admit, every
hostile act irj which is in and of itself an act of
tieason against the Government of the United
Slates—treason as defined by the Constitution and
as punished by the first act passed by Congress
for the punishment of crimes against the author-
ity of the United States.
As a measure of war, as a means of prosecu-
ting this war effectually, putting down this armed
insurrection and rebellion, a certain portion of the
Senate have been anxious to sec an act of confis-
cation passed by which the property of these atro-
cious and wanton rebels could be seized upon, and
confiscated and used for the purpose of aiding and
assisting the loyal people of the United States in
effecting the restoration of peace, and the reign of
the Constitution. We havelooked'upon it, I have
looked upon it as a measure of war, as a military
measure, taking the clear distinction which ever
exists m all human, societies between a state of
war and a state of peace. In reply to our urgent
arguments upon this subject, in reply to our so-
licitations made to our brethren in this Chamber,
to pass such an act for the purpose of crippling,
humbling, and subduing the enemy, we are met
habitually, daily, with the leply that it is not per-
mitted by the Constitution; that the Constitution
itself does not permit the seizure and confiscation
of property, whether personal or real, until after a
conviction has been had m a court of justice; thus
totally ignoring the n^ht of tins Government,
under such cncumstances, to resort to any war
I measure, properly speaking, but compelling the
I loyal people of the United States to resoit to the
courts of justice in some cases, and to arms m
others, for the purpose of putting down this re-
bellion.
