1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
lucky should 'preserve her neutrality to this ex-
tent, and for this purpose; that she would not send
any men upon the requisition of the Presidentin
April last to defend the capital when he called
upon the Governors of the different States for
seventy-five thousand volunteers. Why did she
not respond to that call as her loyalty, as her past
history, as her faith to her obligations, and to the
Constitution required? The reason was that a
bosom, political, and personal friend of my col-
league, whom he had aided to elevate to the office,
was then as now the Governor of that State—
Magoffin. At the previous gubernatorial election
he had beaten Bell by six thousand votes. If
Bell had been elected to that office, no State in
this Union—not even the gallant State of Indiana
and the other gallant States of the Northwest—
would have been more prompt to respond to that
call, and to send her full quota, anu more than
her full quota, than my native State would have
been.
Sir, I was a boy of ten years of age when the
war of 1812 was declared. 1 remember its inci-
dents. 1 remember the occasions upon which the
hardy and brave men of Kentucky were called
upon to volunteer in defense of Indiana and Michi-
gan and the whole Northwest. I have seen entire
counties, en masse, without a solitary exception,
turn out to meet those calls upon the patriotism
and bravery of Kentucky. I recollect, a few
years ago, when we had a difficulty upon the Rio
Grande, and General Gaines made a patriotic call
to Kentucky and some of the western States for
troops, Kentucky sent forward, almost as prompt
as the reveille itself, three times the number of
men that had been called for fiom her.
Kentucky was as prompt in furnishing volunteers
in the war with Mexico—a war that was com-
menced by usurpation and in flagrant violation of
the Constitution oftheUnited States, by Mr. Polk
—Congress itself being in session—by ordering
General Taylor upon Mexican ground to take pos-
session of Corpus Christi. Polk had predetermined
to have that war. He and the southern counselors
and their allies were looking covetously to some
portions of Mexico, and especially to the gold
mines of California, and to that great port, San
Francisco, that is to be the gate of the mighty com-
merce between the eastern and the western world
in the bourse of time, and which is to grow up one
of the greatest and grandest cities of the earth.
Polk had his eye upon that acquisition. He knew
that he could not accomplish his purpose unless
there was a war between Mexico and the United
States. As Benton had proved, in a speech that
he made against the treaty negotiated by Mr. Cal-
houn for the acquisition of Texas, he knew, as
well us any man that Corpus Christi was not m
Texas, but was a part of one of the lower prov-
inces of Mexico upon the Rio Grande that ex-
tended across the Rio Grande to the river Nueces.
Every man of information on the subject knew it;
but he was determined to have that war. An
adventurous man, in digging out for the construc-
tion of a saw-mill, had discovered gold m Califor-
nia; and Polk knew of the position and capacities
and the future availability of the port of San Fran-
cisco as the great gate and emporium of trade.
The southern statesmen knew it; and m their
grasping avidity for terutory and empire, they de-
termined to have it. They knew that they could
have it only by war. Therefore it was that Polk
directed General Taylor to march with the Amer-
ican army to Corpus Christi; and the collision
then commenced between that weakened, dis-
tracted, divided, and almost dissolving republic
of Mexico and the young and mighty power of
the United States. What did Polk do then ? He
sent a message to Congress that war had been
commenced by Mexico against the United States
by shedding American blood upon Amencan soil.
My honorable friend from New York [Mr. King]
and myself were present in Congress at that time.
I allude to the Mexican war to show the fact
that when Kentucky was called upon for her quota
of men in that war—I cannot give with any cer-
tainty the number of companies required, but it
was some fifteen or twenty—she sent to the call
of the United States over seventy companies, the
very elite of her land, the noblest and the bravest
and truest of her young men of evei y grade of life.
Better materiel for soldiery was never assembled
upon God's earth since it commenced its diurnal
revolution. A State with such a history as this
never intended to assume a position of active
treason against the Government that it had been
so prompt always to defend.
With this short digression,I will proceed with
my narrative. On the 10th of September last, the
Legislature of Kentucky was in session, and 1 was
proceeding to state the issues in the Kentucky
elections between the Union men and the Breck-
inridge secession party; and in alluding to that
party I hope I shall not wound the sensibilities of
any gentleman upon this floor. 1 have no such
purpose. I know that there are many Breckin-
ridge Democrats-outside of the State of Kentucky
who are true, loyal, and most reliable Union men;
but in Kentucky, such instances are rare indeed.
I do not know one in a hundred within the whole
bounds of my acquaintance in that State; but at
the same time I do know a few who are as true,
as loyal,as gallant, and as heroic in their devotion
to the Union and the maintenance of the Govern-
ment as men of any politics whatever. There is
a member of the Kentucky Legislature, Mr. Ja-
cobs, who is as much above suspicion as any liv-
ing man. The State senator from my own portion
of the State, Colonel Prall, was a Breckinridge
Democrat; but there is no truer Union man than he.
The number of Breckinridge men in that State,
however, who are Union men are few, few in-
deed. I wish they had been more numerous. I
wish that my colleague had taken his position
among that glorious few, and had spared me the
performance of this unpalatable duty of asking for
his expulsion from his position and place.
But, Mr. President, I was remarking that the
Union men of Kentucky were at that time fight-
ing to instruct the public mind. They assumed
this position: that Kentucky would not respond
to the call of the President of the United States
for her quota of the seventy-five thousand men
that he called for in April. I was telling you why
that had not been done. It was because there was
a secesher and a traitor in her executive chair, by
whose instrumentality alone the act could be done.
At that tune all was doubt, all was uncertainty,
all was commotion and perturbation in the public
mind of Kentucky. If she had been called upon
to decide the great and momentous question,
whether she too would traitorously secede or loy-
ally uphold the stars and stripes and the Govern-
ment of the United Staffs, I have every reason
to believe that she would have decided in favor of
the right. But we bore with our doubting friends;
we counseled together; we reasoned with them;
we reminded them of our past history, of the un-
broken and unsullied fidelity of Kentucky to her
allegiance, and to her ancient faith to the Union
and the Government. In that way we increased
oui friends and our numbers, and eventually be-
came the majority in the State. But the extent of
the neutrality which Kentucky then declared was
this: Lhat she would do no act short of her duty,
except refuse to respond in the men that were
called for by the President. She never placed
herself in direct active hostility with the Govern-
ment of the United States—at least the Union men
did not; all the secesheis did. She assumed the
contrary position. Her Union men knew that it
was the duty of the Geneial Government to pio-
tect them against their own domestic traitors and
the traitors of the South, and whenever they were
assailed by such enemies, it was their firm, fixed,
and express purpose to call upon the Government
of the United States for protection.
When our first election for the border State con-
vention took place in April or May last, the two
parties made their issue, and my colleague knows
it just as well as I do, and as every man in the
State of Kentucky knows it. Here were two par-
ties both using the word neutrality—one in the
sense of my colleague and the other in the sense
of the Governor. That neutrality was explained
and expressed in his proclamation, which I have
rend That was my colleague's neutrality. That
was the neutrality of John C. Breckinridge and
of all his followers; but the neutrality of the Union
men was this: that they would meet all the de-
mands of the Government upon them for taxation
to maintain this war; that they would offer no re-
sistance, military or civil, or in any other form,
against the just authority of the United States.
The United States had a post then at Newport. Its
post office system was in operation throughout
all our State, and was dispensing its ample bless-
ings to us at a greater cost than it returned to the
Department in that State« We had custom-houses
at Louisville and at Paducah. Wehad collectors; .
we had district attorneys; we had district judges,
we had these learned officers of the law—one of
them a traitor, the district judge; but the enremt
judge was.a loyal and a true man,although he was'
from Tennessee—duly administeringin our midst
the laws of the United States,-and thus giving
peace, security, and protection to our people, se-
curing those great ends of government.
No part of the Union party ever took position
actively against the United States Government,
The whole extent of their default in the perform-
ance of their duty was,.for the time, alone to refuse
to send men upon the requisition of the President
Well, my New England friends, and especially
my friend from New York, [Mr. King,) know
that in the war of 1812 some three or four of the
New England States were guilty of precisely the
same fault. YourGovernorStrongand yourGov-
ernor Chittenden—one of Massachusetts and the
other of VermojU—and the Governor of one of the
other New England States, all took that ground.
It was an error with them; it was an error with
us. With us it was an error of necessity, and it
was an error that we intended to reform so soon
as we got the ability and the power to reform it;
and nobly have we reformed it, for Kentucky
now, in addition to the secession host of about
eight thousand sent to the southern confederacy,
has upwards of thirty thousand true Union sol-
diers in defense of the stars and the stripes; and
may God give them victory. [Manifestations of
applause in the gallery.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr. DAVIS. Now my colleague will seek to
dcceivc and to delude Senators, as he and his
friends sought to delude and deceive the people of
Kentucky, by his idea of neutrality. His neu-
trality was never my neutrality. The neutrality
of the Governor as fulminated in his proclama-
tion and in his threats of resistance and rebellion
and war against the United States, was never the
neutrality of a solitary Union man in the State of
Kentucky—never! Upon the question of Union
neutiality and of Magoffin's neutrality, the first
political battle of the last year was fought in Ken-
tucky m the election of border State convention
men; and my colleague, his candidate for the
Presidency, his Governor, and his party in that
State were overthrown by a vote of more than two
to one. The people of the State of Kentucky, then
and there, in the most emphatic manner, decided
against the political position and principles of the
gentleman. They decided that they never would
become rebels against their Government. They
decided that they never would resist the march of
United States troops into the State of Kentucky;
they decided that they never would attempt to
expel the garrison at Newport from the borders of
that State. They decided that they never would
throw off the Post Office Department and the pro-
tecting shield with which the laws and power of
the United States covered the people of that State
and all the States of the Union. They never de-
cided, as the gentleman has so often announced,
that they would pay nothing to the support of this
war; but so soon as there was another election,
and we obtained a majority in the Legislature,
they came out and passed resolutions declaiing in
emphatic language that they would pay their por-
tion of the tax imposed by Congress at the July
session, and that they would rally to the support
of the Government in this terrible conflict.
Weil, sir, the President ealled an extra session
of Congress, and we had an election for members
of Congress in Kentucky. The same issues and
the same contest came up. When I was a boy
I livedsomewhatina frontier country,and lused
to hear men from the settlements say that one
wolf could make as much noise as ten dogs. We
found m Kentucky m all these contests that one
secessionist could make as much noise as ten
Union men, and always did. They bragged loud
and high and strong; and before the contest came
off, by the shouts with which men sometimes at-
tempt to excite themselves to brave deeds, I sup-
pose they did create a little courage in their own
bosoms; at any rate they produced a little appre-
hension in ours; and we did not know how strong:
they might be. But the contest came off in the
congressional election upon precisely the same
issue of neutrality according to the Governor's
definition, and according to our definition, and
