192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
in their way. I take it for granted, Mr. Speaker,
that where blunders and errors of judgment have
been committed, that if the officers who commit-
ted. them survive, they will not be intrusted with
commands hereafter. If they are dead, we ought
not to cast any obloquy over their memories.
This House may subject the matter to an inves-
tigation of a committee; it may determine that
certain persons are responsible, but the command-
ing general, the War Department, the officers to
whom we must trust the management of our
armies, may differ with the House of Representa-
tives.
What is the remedy ? What do you propose to
do? To raise an issue between the Army and the
House of Representatives, with which to divide
the country? Who will be successful in that
issue? It will be easy to decide that question. You
will be crippled by this thing, and you cannot ad-
vance the cause in which we arc to engage. You
may imperil our success. You may aid, not in-
tentionally I know, this very rebellion against the
Government. Iam anxious that our Army should
move. I think the time has come when they ought
to make a movement. Our troops have had time
enough to become drilled, and they ought to be
prepared for a movement. Let us not throw our-
selves in the way of those who have the respons-
ibility. Their responsibility is great enough. If
the fiouse of Representatives assumes to direct
our foreign relations, manage our armies, and con-
trol everything which relates to our country at the
same time, they will have more than they can
attend to. They will find enough to do in legiti-
mate matters of legislation, without attending to
anything else.
Now, I am inclined to the opinion that there
arc men in the Army, somewhere or other, who
know quite as much about militaiy affairs asany
member of this House. 1 am sure they have
studied it quite as much, and that they have
thought about it quite as much; and would it not
be better for us and for the country, and more sat-
isfactory to all, to leave those officers who are at
the head of the Army to fight our battles, than to
undertake to do it here? Sir, 1 would not have
this House do anything to lower its dignity and
influence. The time may be in the near future
when we may have to struggle to occupy the po-
sition assigned us under the Constitution of the
United States. I do not think this House, or its
committee, is the proper tribunal to investigate
battles at this time. It is usual, where a com-
manding officer in the field commits a mistake or
blunder, to bring him before a court of inquiry—
a court-martial. We have to trust somebody,
and I would rather trust the commanding general
of the Army than trust a committee of this House,
or of any other House. I am opposed to the res-
olution; I am opposed to an assumption of po wer
over things with which we have nothing to do.
The sooner we stop that comse of proceeding the
better it will be for the country.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
for the passage of this resolution; but still it seems
to me, as did the original resolution, to propose
an inquiry of a very imperfect character, [f I
undoistaml the resolution now before the House,
it simply directs the return of the original resolu-
tion, which was merely an inquiry of the Secre-
tary of War whethc r any measures had been taken
to determine on whom rested the responsibility
of the defeat at the battle of Ball's Bluff. It was
truly said by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roscoe Coviclimg] that a reply that no measure
had been taken would have been a satisfactory
reply, or that a reply simply that some measure
had been taken would have been a satisfactory
reply. But, sir, the reply was made, undoubtedly
inadvertently, from a misunderstanding of the
character of the question. Iam induced to say this,
because the whole responsibility of what the gen-
tleman culls an evasion rests now on the command-
ing general of the Army, General McClellan. It
js there that the Secretary of War places it, stating
that General McClellan had communicated to him
that an investigation of that transaction at this
time would be detrimental to the public service.
We'J, sir, if there were anything in this resolu-
tion which implies a censure on General McClel-
lan, I would withhold my vote from it, although
every other member of the House should vote In
the affirmative. But I do not see in the disclosures
made, or in the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, eloquent as they have been, that they
furnish the basis for any implied censuie on the
commanding genciul. My idea is that he must
have misunderstood the communication made to
him by the Secretary of War. He could not have
understood that he was simply asked whether any
measure had been taken to ascertain on whom the
blame of that disaster rested, but must have un-
derstood that the particular measures,ifany,taken
were asked to be communicated; and if General
McClellan so understood it, and believed that the
interests of the publicservice required him to state
that no measure had been taken, and no result
arrived at, which ought to be communicated to
Congress, I hold that he was perfectly justified in
assuming that position. He is intrusted with the
command of all the forces of the United States,
and on him rests the responsibility of a success-
ful issue in thisgreatcontest. And shall we allow
him no discretion anywhere? Shall we say that
he must disclose everything we choose to inquire
into, no matter what may be the effect of his dis-
closures? I hold that if General McClellan had
understood thoroughly the effect of the resolution
of inquiiy, and had believed it to be detrimental
to the public interests to state who was responsi-
ble for the disaster at Ball's Bluff, it was proper
for him to state so, and to withhold the informa-
tion asked for. That would have been going fur-
ther than if he had merely failed to answer the
question whether any measure to ascertain the
facts had been taken or not, but still would, in my
judgment, have been justifiable.
I make these remaiks, Mr. Speaker, because I
have seen with regret in this House, not merely
now, but on other occasions, a disposition to de-
preciate the position of the commanding general. I
feel that anything of that character is unjust, and
impolitic to the last degree. ] feel that we must
place the most implicit confidence in him who now
leads our armies, if we would come out of this con-
test triumphantly, as we hope to come out of it.
Let me advert, for a moment, to the difficulties
under which General McClellan is resting. He
has not only the immense responsibility of com-
manding six hundred thousand men, but he has
also to provide against, as the events of the last
few days have disclosed, infidelity and treachery
around him, which threaten to defeat the success
of his best plans and arrangements. Being thus
situated he is entitled, I think, to the confidence of
the House. He is entitled to that confidence which
will strengthen his hand and cheer his heart, and
enable him to summon up all that determination
and resolution which are necessary to bear us tri-
umphantly out of the contest.
While, therefore, I justify the reply which Gen-
eral McClellan has made, placing it on the House
whether it will make the investigation in any form
ir chooses, I am willing to call on the Secretary
of War to answer the question in such a way as
the public interests may appear to him to require,
and am willing to vote for the resolution simply
for that purpose, and not as conveying any reflec-
tion or implying any censure on the actions of the
commanding general.
Mi. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, although
the immediate subject presented to us in this mat-
ter may not be worthy of much consideration on
the part of the House, the principle involved in it
is of infinite importance, and I think the House
cannot at too early a period make up a decided
resolution and judgment on the principle involved.
That general question is this: will the House in-
terfere in the conduct of the war and the manage-
ment of the Army, by the investigation of trans-
actions th tough its commit tees, which transactions
are in their nature and character purely military ?
Have you the power to do so? Congress has
power to declare war, to raise armies. What
further power in the matter does the Constitution
give to it? What power over the command and
management of these armies has Congress? The
President is the Commander-in-Chief. When you
have declared war, announced its object, and raised
armies, those armies pass under the command of
the President of the United States, for the execu-
tion of the purpose of Congress.
Now what are we proposing here ? A battle has
been fought. A defeat has been sustained, in con-
sequence,as some gentlemen think, of great blun-
ders, want of skill, ignorance, or treachery on the
part of the military men who conducted it. It is
proposed to have the matter investigated by a
committee of the House. Is not that extending
our jurisdiction beyond the constitutional limit?
Can war be waged in such a way ? Can the Pres-
ident, as Commander-in-Chief, and charged with
the. conduct of the war, do his duty, or can his
subordinate officers do their duty, if we, mere
civilians, not supposed to be acquainted with war
or strategy, sit here to exercise a hypercritical
sort of jurisdiction over them by means of com-
mittees? Certainly not; and, besides, I do not
think we have that power. But if I am wrong in
that, Mr. Speaker, docs not policy forbid such an
interference ? Can war be conducted on such a
principle ?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Co\tki.ing] has given us a very animated picture
of a scene of battle. He has presented to us the
wounded, the bleeding, and the dying. He has
done it in a very eloquent strain, and has given
us a clear description of that battle for the pur-
pose of showing the want of skill manifested in
its management. Such a description may well
excite our feelings. Let us be careful not to al-
low those feelings to lead us into improper meas-
ures on our part. If wrong has been done, if
want of skill has been exhibited—or worse, a
want of fidelity to the good cause—what is the
remedy? Is it to be accomplished by the exercise
of a civil jurisdiction, or is it to be investigated
and punished, if need be, by a military tribunal?
That is the question. It by a military tribunal,
then you have no right to interfere, and there is
no policy in your interfeiing. You break in on
the line of military operations. You break in on
the lineof mihtaryjurisdiction. You throw every-
thing into confusion. You take the business out
of the hands of men supposed to be competent,
and put it into the hands of men supposed not to
be competent. Can this be wise or judicious'
Can we go through with this war in such a way?
If we allow ourselves to be frightened out of our
propriety by the description of a battle scene, we
are not lit for this war. No, sir. We may mourn
over our defeats, but we must be, as this war is,
stern—stern to ourselves, stern in the perform-
ance of our own duty, and leave to other branches
of the public service the performance of their
duties or their responsibility to the proper tri-
bunal.
Begin in the way proposed here, and where will
you stop? In the next battle that occurs, some
gentleman here who may have lost a friend, or
whose State may have lost some brave men, will
think he discovers some great want of skill, or
some great military blunder.
It does not receive, as he thinks, the proper
attention or investigation by military men. How
does he endeavor to supply the proper investiga-
tion and information ? P>y undertaking to raise a
committee of this House to look into the matter
—either a committee to investigate the matter
themselves, or to coerce the military authorities
to investigate it. One is just as bad as the other.
You have no right to do one more than you have
to do the other.
Is not the President of the United States, the
Commander-in-Chief, supposed to be as much
disposed to perform his especial duty in relation
to this war as we arc* Is it not his business, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, if anything
has gone wrong in the conduct of the war, if there
has been a want of fidelity or a want of skill in
the management of our military men, to see that
all proper investigation be made into the matter?
There is some security in the manner in which
these officers in command are commissioned.
They have been selected by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate; and in accordance with the
requirements of the Constitution they have been
assigned to their respective duties. We under-
take duties not assigned to us by the Constitution
when we intermeddle in the duties properly be-
longing to the executive department of the Gov-
ernment. It is as much in violation of the powers
conferred on us by the Constitution as if the Army
were to come here and say to us, 14 Gentlemen,
you do not understand your duty, you do not
pass the laws you ought to pass;" as if they were
to come here—colonels,captains, and lieutenants
—and appoint committees to investigate the con-
duct of this House.
Now,sir, what mustbe the consequence of such
action r There is no description of action of so
much force as that in obedience to law and the
