1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
we again in this conflict defeated them by about
the same majority.
In August afterwards the election for our State
'Legislature came off. A Legislature was then to be
ejected to represent the people of Kentucky, and
to determine her domestic position, and her posi-
tion relatively to this Union so far as it could be
determined by lawless and rebellious acts, or by
acts of loyalty and obedience to the Constitution.
We again defeated them, and we elected about
three fourths of the members of both Houses.
Then we were strong and invincible in our posi-
tion,and we then came out and took the true con-
stitutional ground.
The Legislature were callcd in session early in.
September. What did thethncc defeated secesh-
ers do ? After they had met us in the third battle,
and had been again signally overthrown, did they
acknowledge their defeat? Did they bow to the
sovereignty of the will of the majority ? Did they
exhibit any returning sense of a true understand-
ing and a true and loyal obedience to the Consti-
tution? No. Defeat seemed to have but exasper-
ated and to have rendered them desperate. The
leaders were desperate because they knew that
their last die was about to be cast. What did they
do ? My colleague knows full well what they did.
They again called peace meetings all over the State
of Kentucky, and a grand peace convention of
southern State rights men, to be held in the town
of Frankfort, the seat of our government, where
the Legislature had convened, 1 believe on the 4th
ofSeptember. They rallied there in theirstrength.
My colleague was there as a representative from
the county of Henderson. Humphrey Marshall
was not there, but he was in the neighborhood, in
that county callcd Sweet Owen, the very hot-bed
of secessionist*!, and of everything that is wrong
and vile in politics; he being a resident of Henry,
on the other side of the Kentucky river. He had
been in the Mexican war, and he thought himself
a Napoleon in military capacity and stiategy.
What did he do ? He set to work to organize the
secession host, to drill them, to arm them, to march
upon Frankfort where the Legislature of the State
was, and by force of arms to scatter them and
break up the Legislature. My colleague knows it;
my colleagues of the House know it. I wastheie.
I reached there to attend a session of the court of
appeals on the very evening that it was said Hum-
phrey Marshall was to make his incursion into
Franklin county, and to storm the capital. Some
membeis, especially secession membois of tlx • Le-
gislature, and some citizens of the town of Frank-
fort, and one or two judges of our coui tof appeals,
left Frankfort hurriedly in the expectation that it
was to be sacked that night by Humphrey Mar-
shall's insurgent hosts. i myself, with other gen-
tlemen, provided ourselves with arms to take part
in the defense of the Legislature and the capital of
the State. We sent to Lexington, where there were
encamped three hundred or five hundred Union
troops, who had been enlisted in the Union ser-
vice for the defense of the Legislatuic and the cap-
ital of our State, and had them brought down at
three o'clock in the morning. They were led by
Colonel Dudley, as heroic and as true a man as
ever breathed the breath oflife. Bayard, of France,
had no more of the elements of a true knight than
had Dudley. He has gone to his long home. He
has perished from the diseases of the camp in
nursing his sick soldiers, and the Union portion
of our State is wrapped in mourning on the occa-
sion of his death. The hosts of Humphrey Mar-
shall did not comc, and the reason he did notcome
no doubt was that he had got wind that Frankfort,
with Dudley's command, and the true Union peo-
ple of that State armed, were ready to receive him.
Well, sir, some two or three days after, the se-
cession convention met in Frankfort, on the 10th.
My colleague well knows too that on the 10th they
had planned a great peace barbecue in the county
of Owen, that stronghold of rebellion and seces-
sionist. All the disloyal hosts on the lower
branches of the Kentucky nver weie to meet there
in rendezvous, and they were to feast upon Ken-
tucky whisky and upon my colleague's and John
C. Breckinridge's treason; and from that feast they
were to march with Humphrey Marshall upon
Frankfort. But our friends were informed of it,
and were on the alert everywhere. Nelson with
his four regiments was some thirty or forty miles
off. He resolved to come in. Everybody was
ready to receive them, but they did notcome. But
mycolleagne and his convention of seceshers met,
and what did they dor I will read what they did.
But before I do that I will follow up the senatorial
history of my colleague one step further.
The House of Representatives, at this session,
passed the following joint resolution declaratory
of the purpose of Congress to impose a tax:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
in order to pay the ordinary expense? of the Government,
the interest on the national loans, and foi an ample sinking
fund for the ultimate liquidation of all the public debts, a
tax shall be imposed which shall, with the tariff on imports,
secure an annual revenue of not less than $150,000,000."
That resolution passed the House of Represent-
atives on the 15th of January. It was reported to
the Senate and passed here. What was the vote
in the Senate on the passage of that resolution ?
There were thirty-nine members of the Senate
who voted for it, and one member who voted
against it, and that member of the Senate was my
colleague. He was true to his treasonable sym-
pathies, true to his sympathies with the southern
confederacy, true to his spirit of opposition to his
own Government.
I now return to the account of this famous
peace convention at Frankfort. Just before this
general convention was held, they had what they
termed peace meetings all over the State. There
was one in my own immediate neighborhood, just
back of my house. I could see the treasonable
host from my own door. There was one in Mont-
gomery; there was one in Clark. They had pene-
trated the mountains. They scattered themselves
all over the State, on plain and on mountain, in
city and hamlet and field and everywhere. They
were getting up what they callcd peace meetings,
denouncing the policy of the Union party, with a
viewof overriding the free sentimentsofour Legis-
lature, and to terrify and coerce that Legislature
to pass resolves in conformity to their treasonable
purposes. I know it, sir; my colleague knows
it. We were both actors in these scenes—he on one
side, and I on the other. After these meetings
had passed resolutions, drunk whisky, and been
spoken to by all the secession oiators of the Stale,
and some tour or six days after the session of
the Legislature commenced, they met together in
Frankfort in central convention. My colleague
was there. He was a member of that convention
from the county of Ilendeison. Here is his name
" Henderson county—Governor L. W. Powell,
and Alexander IJ. Major." It was not large in
numbers, but it was powerful m influence and in
position. There was an ex-Governor represent-
ing treason thete. There was a United States
Senatoi representing treason there. Suiely that
was representation enough in that line.
Mr. Cissell, who is now in the secession army
—my colleague knows him; he was then a mem-
ber of the Kentucky Senate—
" Mr. Cissell then offered tho following resolution ; which
was adopted:
" Resolved, That the chairman appoint a committee of
ton, two fiom tho State at laige and one from each conces-
sional district, to prepaid and report a series of lesolutions,
as oApiossive of tlie sense of tins convention.
" Tin* committee appointed by the: chanman, under the
direction of the foregoing resolution, consisted <>1:
" For the State at large—William Preston and B. P. Cis-
sell.55
Preston is now a confederate major general, in
the service of Jeff Davis.
u First district,General Stephens; second district, Gov-
crnm Powkt.t, ; third di.nnct, Jacob Goll.ul.iy, fouith dis-
tncr, A. G. Talbott; fifth di>tnet, G P. Mattmgly ; sixth
district, Squire Turner; seventh distuet, Governoi Moie-
head; eighih district, George W. Johnson; ninth distiict,
James W. Moore; tenth district, A. B. Chambers."
George W. Johnson was the late governor of
thot most absurd of all farces, "the provisional
government of Kentucky." Those fellows ought
to be taken neck and heels, tied in the pillory, and
made to stand there every day for a whole year.
There never was such impudence manifested by
mortal man. At the evening session—
u The convention assembled according to adjournment,
when Colonel William Pieston, from the committee on
icsoliition*, made the following report, which was adopted
unanimously."
T ask the attention of the Senate to the date.
These resolutions were passed on the 10th of Sep-
tember, as late a period as that, when the nation i
was in its greatest peril, when the Legislature of j
Kentucky had just assembled, with a majority of '
acknowledged Union men, and every true heart i
m the State was preparing to wheel her into her !
position of constitutional duty. It was to circum-
vent and to defeat that purpose, that my colleague
and John C. Breckinridge and their hosts sum-
moned this convention of traitors, under the style
of "peace men," and southern State rights men
to Frankfort to intimidate the Legislature of the
State, and to drive them from passing resolutions
in support of the Government and expressive of
their loyal duty. Here are the resolutions of this
convention:
" Whcieas we, the delegates of the people from all parts
of the State in popular convention assembled, without dis-
tinction of past party organization, have met together at a
period of profound interest and public danger to consider
the best means of piesetving the peace of the Common-
wealth, and securing our own lights and liberties unim-
paired: TJicrefoie,
" Resolved, That ever> material interest of Kentucky, as
well as the highest dictates of patriotism, demand that
peace should be maintained within her holders, and this
convention solemnly pledges the honor of its members to
do all in then power to promote this end."
Now, see how they promote the end of peacc:
"2. That it is the deliberate sense of this convention,
and it is believed of an overwhelming majoiity of the peo-
ple of Kentucky"— ,
They were the most trusting people in the world;
there were never people of such faith; they had
been three times successively defeated by majori-
ties in the State of about two to one; and yet, in
the face of all these votes, they claimed two thirds
of the people of that State on their side !
" That it is the deliberate sense of this convention, and it
is believed ot an oveiwhelmmg majority of the people of
Kcntuckv, that the best and peihaps the only mode of ef-
fecting this great object, is by adhering strictly, rigidly, and
impamally to her chosen and often declaied position of
neutrality during the existence of the deplorable war now
laging between the sections, taking sides neither with the
Government nor with the seceding States, and declaring
her soil mu>t he preserved inviolate from the armed occu-
pation of either."
Was there ever such assurance in treason be-
fore? The State had decided by more than two
to one that she would pay her share of the tax,
that she never would put herself in active opposi-
tion to the Government, that the only neutrality
which she would attempt to occupy would be
simply not to send her quota of men upon requi-
sition of the President, and that so soon as the
people could express their true will and true prin-
ciples and sentiments in a general election and
elect a majority of true men, they would perform
their whole duty; after the people had thrice taken
that position, these modest gentlemen, these peace-
loving gentlemen, these southern State rights men,
these diabolical traitors have the audacity to as-
sume that two thirds of the people still are for
maintaining the Governor's position of neutrality,
which declared that if the Government of the Uni-
ted States dared to march a soldier of the Federal
Army into that State, he would expel that soldier
or any number of soldiers by force of arms !
"3. That the oiganization and presence upon the terri-
tory of Kentucky of a military foice of eithei of the bel-
hgeients, is a violation of tho neutrality indorsed by the
peoples-
Why, sir, during this whole time and for long
years the Government had had its troops at New-
port. For three or four months before this time
Nelson had organized five regiments, four of in-
fantry and one of cavalry, every man of whom
was either a Iientuckian or an East Tennesseean;
and this at the express instance and solicitation
of the Union men for the preservation of the peace
and the protection of the Union men of that State.
These gentlemen knew that that was the state of
things—
"and we believe can be attended with none other than the
most fatal and disastious results; and in that belief we earn-
estly advise the immediate leinova), by the piopcr author-
ities, of >dl such foice from the limits ol the State.
u 4. That it is the deliberate judgment of this convention,
and they believe of moic than two thirds of the people of
Kentucky, that4 the policy of coeicion is wild and suicidal,
promising only to deluge the land with blood, and dissolve
the Union metiievably m the crimson tide;' and they,
therefoie, earnestly invoke good and true men of ail panics,
the patuots and lovers of liberty both North and South, to
exert every influence to bring about a cessation of hostili-
ties, in oider that a fair and honest effoit may be made to
agiee on terms toi a pennanent peace.
u o. That it is the deepest conviction of their heart-* that
this is not less demanded by tiie interests of humanity and
the dictates of patriotism than by the pieseivation of that
hbeity which they so highly puze, and upon which such
feaifnl inioads have already been made.
"6. That the late act of Congies« confiscating property
and emancipating slaves as a penaltj lor the crime of the
ownei, is a cross and palpable violation of the Constitution
of the United States, and justly alarming to the freemen of
Kentucky. If such power e.usfs, Congress may, with equal
