1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
right, annex the penalty of emancipation to every violation
of any of its laws.
" 7. That we should not consider ourselves faithful sen-
tinels of liberty if we failed to raise our voice in unquali-
fied condemnation of the open and flagrant violation of the
Constitution of the United States by the Piesident, in arro-
gating to himself poweis vested by that compact of Union
exclusively in Congress; by increasing the regular Army
and Navy, and calling out volunteers for three years; by
regulating at his own will and pleasure commerce between
the States"—
they wanted to send contraband articles to the
secessionists—
" by blockading ports without any declaration of war by
•Congress; by the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus,
the bulwark of American hheity; and exerebuiu power-*
which neither he nor Congress po^ses^es; by authotiznig
bis military commandeis to ptochuni manual law, to ane^t
persons aihitiaiiiy without a legal wauant, to imprison
whomsoever they plea«e without then conviction of any
crime, to deny them a speedy public tual, ami to di^mi&s
the police officer* of cities and appoint others in their place ;
by fettenng the freedom of coinmetce of a tftate within its
own bounds ; by suppiessmg newspaper, and prostituting
the mail of the United States by lefusiug them transporta-
tion, thus destroying the freedom of the pri'ss; by infring-
ing the people's right to hear arms; and lastly, by making
unreasonable seaiches and seizures. We consider these
acts a ciime against the liberty of mankind."
I do not condemn everything this convention
did; but I do condemn most unqualifiedly nearly
everything they did.
"8. That the late proclamation of General Fremont in
Missouri, abohslf^ig and suboidinating the entire civil
power ot the State to his own arbitiary will and emanci-
pating the slaves, is such a manifest violation ot the plain-
est piovisions of the Constitution.ami such a bold invasion
of the liberties of the people, as demands the unqualified
condemnation of eveiy citizen, and should meet with the
determined rebuke of every loyal State, whether siaveliold-
ing or otherwise.
" 9. That we consider it incompatible with the neutral-
ity avowed by Kentucky to vote money for the prosecution
ot the civil war now pending, ot to tax the people of the
State or augment if debt for a purpose so unwise and for
a cause so hopeless, as the military subjugation of the con-
federate States.
iC 10. That having first secured the neutrality of Ken-
tucky, we advise the union of all good men for the purpose
of producing peace between the bolligeient paities, on the
best piacucal ba-si*, uuuuuining the honor and cmbuieing
the interests of each.
"11. That fortius purpose we recommend a truce be-
tween the belligerents, and the appointment of eomims-
sioneis by the United Statc-s and the coutudeiatc States to
ft oaf foi a permanent peace. [
"12. That the exeicise of powers by the President not i
wan anted by the Constitution ol the United States, upon the
plea of necessity, is a pteeedent too dnn^cious to the lib—
ei ties ot the people to be sanctioned oi indorsed by them.
" Upon motion of Mi. Iiarvie, the Chan appointed a com-
mittee composed of Goveuiot U. S. Morehe.id oi Jotleison
county, Gcneial T,uciu« Desha of Hairison coun'y. Captain
Lewis E. flaivieol Louisville city, Govcinoi John & A.
King of McUracken county, and Colonel Thomas ft. Ste-
venson oi'MaMm countv. to piepaie an addicts to the peo-
ple of Kentucky, based upon the pmiciples of the lesolu-
tions adopted by this convention."
I have read all the resolutions reported by the
committee; but here is one,a closing resolution,
offered by my colleague himself. 1 have read
them all, that all might be before such of the
Senate as are piescnt:
'•'Governor Powell offered the following icsoUuiun,
winch was adopted:
" Resolved, That Colonel William Preston"—
the confederate major general—
" Geoige W. Johnson, Esq."—
the provisional governor—
'■'General Lucius Desha"—
who has lately been to secessia—
u Captain Richaul Ilawes"—
who is now in secessia, and who was formerly
member of Congress from the Ashland district—
" and Thomas P. Porter. Esq.'- —
late Lieutenant Governor ofKcntucky—
" be, and thev are hereby, appointed a committee of organ-
ization, in order to cairy out the purposes of this conven-
tion ; and full poweis "are confened upon them for that
object."
Here are the oigans of treason and conspiracy
appointed upon the motion of my colleague.
What did they do when they received this author-
ity? They scattered out into the country; they
commenced either by themselves or by their in-
struments organizing the whole secession host of
the State; they got this host together in small
bands, and in a very short time after they had ic-
ceived this authority to perform the work of trea-
son,they marched with those whom they had thus
enlisted into secessia, ctnd those of them who have
not been captured atFortDonelsonand elsewhere
are still in the secession army battling against
their Government and against the permanency of
the Union.
What sort of conduct is that for a Senator to be
guilty of? What kind of advice and counsel is
that for a Senator in the United States Senate 
one clothed with high and necessary authority in
the Government, in its administration and for its
preservation? Suppose the President had been
loyal, the House of Representatives had been
loyal, and every Senator had voted and acted like
my colleague, where now would have been Abra-
ham Lincoln and the Government of the United
States? Where would have been the Senate?
Where would have been Jeff Davis? He would
have realized the vaunting boast of his late secre-
tary of war: " By May I will plant the confcder-
. ate flag on the Capitol in Washington; I will push
]! on to Philadelphia; ay, to Faneuil Hall itself."
!i If everybody had thoughtand acted and votedand
had counseled the people as my colleague coun-
seled and thought and acted and voted, where
would have been this Government; where would
have been our experiment of popular self-govern-
ment? All, all would have perished, never, never
to be reconstructed Every man sees that. Has
my colleague a greater immunity in his acts, in
his responsibilities, a higher and a broader ex-
emption from his duties and his oath, than the rest
of the Senators here? I suppose he is subject to
the same rules that we all are; to the same re-
sponsibilities, to the same tests, and to the same
judgment of condemnation and punishment that
we ail should have been justly entitled to receive,
if we had acted the part which he has acted. How
then can the Senate exempt him, when the prop-
osition is self-evident that, what he has done, if
right and proper, every Senator might have done;
and when the conclusion is inevitable that, if every
Senator, or a majority of the Senate, had done
this,the Government would have been overthrown
by rebellion and by traitors, and these tiaitors
would have dispeised the Government, and have
possession of the capital of the country > When
these are the consequences which his acts would
bring upon the country and upon the Government,
how can Senators exempt him from the responsi-
bility of such acts ?
Mr. President, it is with no pleasure that I have
appeared in this most unpleasant di#y. I do not
say that I perform it reluctantly, far from it; for
where duty marshals me according to my reason
and my conscience, there will I tread. I act upon
that principle now; but I have said to the Senate,
and in the presence of the Senator, that I have no
unkind feeling, and I never had any unkind feel-
ing for my colleague. I said and I repeat that I
never knew of an enemy he had personally. I
have said in addition that itwould have gladdened
the whole Union heart of my State if my colleague
had taken rank with them. Yes, sir, we would
have opened our mouths, and we would have
shouted for him to the top of our voices; we would
have opened our hearts and our arms, and we
would have received him with all the honors that
could be conferred upon so distinguished a con-
vert. We mourned at the time, and we now
lament that he did not tread this path of duty. If
he had, it would have been better for us, it would
have been better for our land of Kentucky. He
was, as I said, a man of popularity and of power
there. I have no doubt that his example, these
precepts of treason and of crime that he has pub-
lished to the young men and the old men of Ken-
tucky, have seduced hundreds and hundreds into
the rebellion and into the crime of treason. We
wete struggling in Kentucky to preserve the old
State in her constitutional moorings, and to bring
her at last into the harbor of duty. The Govern-
ment was struggling for its existence, and yet no
pulsation of sympathy, no cheering voice does he
give to his Union neighbors and friends m Ken-
tucky, or to his struggling associates, who are
attempting, from day to day, to sustain by arms
and by money, by ways and means, at one time,
the faltering fortunes of the Government, and to
rollback that defeat which threatened to submerge
it into the abyss of ruin. Amidst all the conflicts
and the trials of the Government, everything that
my colleague said, everything that he did, all the .
resolutions that he voted for, ail the principles i
that he enunciated in resolutions or in debate in
the Senate, all the votes he gave, were against his
country and against his Government, for seces- j
sia and for rebellion. If he had consulted Jeff j
Davis himself, and had taken his counsel as to t
what course he should take, and what votes he i
should give in the American Senate, he would
have counseled no other course and no other votes
than those he did take and give.
Mr. President, if here is not sympathy with
crime and treason, if here is not giving alt the aid
to crime and to treason and to the overthrow of
the Government that can be given, short of tihe
most palpable and direct overt act of treason,-!
do not understand the force of the gentleman's
line of conduct, and his votes. Sir,jf it had not
been for him and his associates, one fourth of our
native State would not have been desolated by fire
and sword. One fourth of Kentucky has been
occupied by the secessionists—the rebels. They
have waged a Vandal war in that portion of the
State; they have outraged humanity and all the
rights of womanhood. They have followed as
with the sweep of a destroying AttUa their course
through that lately beautiful but now blighted and
desolate land, in his own neighborhood. My col-
league in the other House, representing that dis-
trict, says that the secessionists have carried from
three counties down there upwards of three hun-
dred thousand dollars' worth of slaves. They have
burned, destroyed, desolated, and stolen every-
thing they could. If you want to see a country
ravaged, ruined, a people exiled, oppressed with
the most grievous and unbearable oppression that
ever existed in our day or generation, short of
East Tennessee, go to the southern part of Ken-
tucky, into thegentleman'sneighborli'ood. There
you will find all these consequences; and you will
find that these things have been done and perpe-
trated by the hosts that the gentleman counseled
and incited to go into armed resistance against the
authority of the United States, and against the
expressed will and opinions of his own State. I
am in earnest in relation to this matter. It is not
unreasonable that I should be. Our people are in
earnest about it. There is many an old father,
many a mother, whose son has died in camp or
fallen in battle, and in the scccsh cause, that are
mourning the loss of their children from their
hearthstones and their country; and my colleague
and his advisers, his conventions, and his resolu-
tions, are responsible for this desolation. They
will call some of these days for vengeance upon the
authors of these crimes; and never will they con-
sent, never will I give my consent, by any voice
that I can utter, that the leaders in this crime shall
be spared. The severest punishment with which
the laws of treason can visit them, it shall ever be
my counsel shall be visited upon them. They no
more merit the halter than, in my honest judg-1
ment, my colleague deserves the judgment of ex-
pulsion. Write it down. I utter it; and "I will
stand upon it and by it.
Two or three days before the convention to
which I have alluded met, on the 10th of Septem-
ber last, at which my colleague figured so largely,
the confederates had invaded Kentucky at two
points. They had taken possession of Columbus
and the Chalk Bluffs just below Columbus, and
they had taken possession of the Cumberland Gap.
I was here last summer in consultation with the
President and a portion of the Cabinet; and Gov-
ernor Wickliffe and myself, in the month of Au-
gust last, counseled the President and his Cabinet
to seize upon Bowling Green and Columbus at that
time, as they were great strong natural strategic
points in Kentucky, and if it had been done, a
great deal would have been saved. I have told
you what ravages the secession armies made in
that part of Kentucky from which they have lately
been driven.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two more, and
I shall have done. It is often inquired what was
the cause ofthis war. The immediate, proximate,
exciting cause was simply no less, no more, than
the election of Abraham Lincoln. Suppose John
C. Breckinridge had been elected, would the south-
ern States have seceded ? Suppose the North had
given up to the southern States in perpetuity the
election of the President of the United States, and
had allowed them to wield all the patronage, office,
honor, jobs, and contracts, enriching so many of
his friends, that the President has to dispense.
Suppose you had given up to them in perpetuity
the election of President, and had debarred from
yourselves the House of Representatives, and the
Senate, and the Supreme Court of the United
States, do you behve that they ever would have
seceded? Never, never. Jeff Davis, in his letter
to the English ministry, read a few days ago by
