1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pregnant with happy influence as an example, I cordially
recommend that Captain D. G. Farragut receive a vote of
thanks of Congress for his services and gallantry displayed
in the capture, since 2lst December, 1861, of Forts Jackson
and St. Philip, city of New Orleans, and the destitution
ofvaiious rebel gunboats, lams, &c.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., May 14, 1862.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I submit herewith a list of naval officers who commanded
vessels engaged m the recent brilliant operations of the
squadron commanded by Flag-Oflicer Farragut, which led
to the capture of Forts Jackson and St. Philip, city of New
Orleans, and the destruction of rebel gunboats, rams, &c.,
in Apiil,lSf>2. For their services and gallantry on those oc-
casions, I cordially recommend that they should, by name,
receive a vote of thanks of Congress.
Lint.
Captains—Theodorus Bailey, Henry W. Morris, and
Thomas T. Ciaven.
Commanders—lienry H. Bell, Samuel Phillips Lee, Sam-
uel Svvartwout, Melancton Smith, Chailes Stewart Bog?-*,
John De Camp, James Aiden, David D. Porter, Richard
Wainvvrighr, and William B. Kenshaw.
Lieutenants Commanding—Abram D. Harrell, Edward
Donaldson, George II. Proble, Edward T. Nichols, Jonathan
M. Wainwright, John Guest, Charles H. B. Caldwell, Na-
poleon B.Hamson, Albert N. Smith, Pierce Crosby, Geoige
M. Kansom, Watson Smith, John II. Ru&sell, Waiter \V.
Queen, and It. Randolph Reese.
Acting Lieutenants Commanding—Selim E. Woodworth
and Charles H. Baldwin.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., May 14, 1862.
HOMICIDE OP ROBERT E. SCOTT AND D0LANEY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War in answer to a preamble and
resolution of the House of the 8th instant, calling
for information in relation to the homicide ofRobert
E. Scott and a man by the name of Dulaney, citi-
zens of Fauquier county, Virginia, by two soldiers
belonging to the Army of the United States, trans-
mitting a report of General J. W. Geary giving
a statement of all the facts of the case.
The report was read, and is as follows:
Headquarters Detached Brigade,
Nlar Rectortown, Va., May 13. 1862.
Sir: Various versions of the recent shooting of Robert
33. Scott and John Mathews, citizens of Fauquier county,
Virginia, having obtained currency,! herewith respectfully
beg to submit to you a coircct statement of thcoceurionce,
a detailed account of which was furnished by me to Major
General Banks.
It was reported to me that two deserters from another
branch of our army weie committing depredations between
Salem and Wairenton. when I immediately detailed Lieu-
tenant Wells, with a detachmentof the first Michigan cav
ahy, to trace them up. Guerrilla cavalry infesting the neighr
borhood, a squad was sent lor ward in advance, who returned
and reported to the lieutenant that Messrs. Scott and Ma-
thews had been killed by the two men in question, when
the whole party hurried to the scene of action, which was
on the farm of Franklin Smith, about five miles from War-
renton. They there found the bodies of the two citizens,
and that of one of the supposed deserters, and ascei tamed
that the two soldiers had been occupying ahouse for some
time, when upon this day, (May 3,) Robert E. Scott, de-
ceased, led a party to capture them, among which were
John Mathews, deceased, Robert Hamce, George Riley,
Winter Payne. Alfred Perkins, Edward Driggs, J. W. Uef-
lm, and Tibley Page, all residents of Warientonand vicin-
ity.
Mr. Scott was shot while entering the house at the head
of the party, gun in hand, and Mr. Mathews in the melee
consequent upon the attempted escape of the two soldiers.
One of the soldiers was shot by a citizen in attempting to
escape. The other escaped to the mountains, where Lieu-
tenant Wells did not deem it safe to pursue him, owing to
the presence of bodies of guerrilla cavalry.
I have since learned that the remaining soldier volunta-
rily gave himself up to the commanding officer at White
Plains. His name was J. H. Bayard, and that of his com-
lade, who was shot, was William C. Franklin. He repre-
sented that they were both privates in Captain A. Goidon's
company of the seventh regiment Wisconsin volunteers, in
Geneial King's brigade.
The initials of the names, and their identity with the
regiment named, are shown upon the blankets found upon
the site of the melee.
Bayard stated that they had been taken pri.soneis by scouts
of the enemy, from whom they had escaped, and That thf y
were in search of the command to which they belonged
when the attempt was made by the citizens to eaptuie them.
It appears, however, that they had been guilty of ma-
rauding in the sections through which they passed.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
* JOHN W.GEARY,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Hon. E. M. Stanton,
Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a report
of the surveyor general, and the accompanying
papers, on four private land claims in New Mex-
ico, Nos. 45,46, 47, and 48; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I have hitherto
avoided troubling this House. Content to be a
listener, without any other participation in its
proceedings than to oppose my sdffcmn individual
negative against measures which my conscience
and my principles would not approve, I have said
nothing. Indeed, sir, I have not had the heart to
rise here and speak. A glance at this Hall, of
itself, has been enough to prevent. When I look
around and see one third of the Union unrepre-
sented here, and find myself in a body, though
purporting to be one branch of the Congress of
the United States, really in fact but a fragmentary
part of it, my heart sinks within me. It appears
to be a sectional body—a gathering of the repre-
sentatives of a sectional party. With these feel-
ings, and with this spirit, I have until now avoided
participating in debate.
Besides, sir, during the earlier period of this
session, disaster had accompanied the efforts of
the Eederal arms. I felt that the hour of defeat
was not a fit one in which to strive to awaken the
great soul of the North to thoughts of peace; I
felt that something was due to the sense of mor-
tification, something to the natural desire to re-
trieve the shame of discomfiture. I hoped, too,
that when victory should perch upon our banners,
otheis than myself would seize the occasion to
urge a plea in behalf of peaceable measures; and
that this Government itself, feeling secure and
strong enough to be magnanimous, would take the
lead and be the pioneer in opening a path for the
settlement of our difficulties without further re-
course to bloodshed. I even hoped that the lead-
ers of the now dominant party, moved by the sore
distress which has visited our country, would re-
lent from the stern rigor of their doctrine of sub-
jugation, and, in the flush of tiiumph, would lean
a little towards a gentler policy than that which
they have heretofore championed with so much
zeal and with so little forbearance.
I hoped in vain. The triumph came; a long
train of successes has relieved the North from its
humiliation. The Government claims now to
stand as a rock against which the tempest of op-
position must waste itself in futile efforts. The
partisans of the ultra war party laugh to scorn the
idea that any effectual resistance can be offered to
the onward march of our triumphant armies, and
yet no single effort has been made in these con-
gressional Halls to stay the effusion of blood. It
has been It ft for me, powerless as I am, to speak
the first conciliatory word in behalf of my suffer-
ing countrymen. And I do it, sir, in the hope that
others, more capable, will not be too much en-
grossed with the lust of conquest and the pride of
victory to follow my example.
Sir, it is an ineffaceable reproach to those either
deluded or wicked men who, in the North, by
their unwearied agitation of abolition schemes,
have stirred the embers of this strife; it is an eter-
nal reproach to them that, through defeat and vic-
tory, throughout every phase of this unhappy
struggle, with the groans of their distressed and
tortured country smiting upon their ears, they have
clung, and still cling, with unpitying pertinacity,
and even with ferocity, to the doctrine which has
been the germ of all the mischief. With the first
exulting shouts of Federal victories they set lip
the echoing cry of emancipation. With all the
energy of fanaticism, with all the subtile arts and
intrigues of scheming demagogues, with all the
appliances of cunning, intellect, and patronage at
their command, even at this eventful crisis, when
every American brain should be at work to bring
about a fair and honorable peace, they have no
thought, no hope, no duty but to propagate then-
creed, extending its influence into every nook and
cranny of the land, and poisoning the atmosphere
of these sacred Halls with its interminable discus-
sion. Openly and in secret, by the agency of the
press, the pulpit, and the political rostrum, in the
camp, in the city, and in the open field, they are
spreading the contagion; they are inoculating the
country with this moral pestilence which has al-
ready brought us where we are, at the very brink
of the grave of our nationality.
Sir, to these apostles of abolitionism will be
traced hereafter whatever of evil has befallen or
may befall our country. They are building its
sepulchcr with the bones of theirslaughtered coun-
trymen. I do believe there are gentlemen within
my vision now, whose sworn purpose, whose
first desire, paramounteven to the preservation of
republicanism is emancipation. They and their
disciples first threw the apple of discord. They
first applied the torch, ana are now more busy
than ever with throwing fresh fuel to the flame.
Should history ever trace, which God forbid, the.
record of this country's ruin, that page will seem
the strangest to those that read which shall tell of
the madness and wickedness of the arch-fanaties
of abolitionism. In the dark recesses of the temple
of infamy, the gloomiest niches will bear the in-
scription of their names.
Sir,I counsel none buta moral interference with
the work of these mischief-makers. I would not
have even fanaticism deprived of the right of free
speech, nor would I, in any emergency, advocate
the slightest infringement by the Government
upon the liberty of the press. Let them sow the
seeds of their infamous doctrine broadcast over
the land. Whatever may be the danger, I will
not countenance the greater danger of establish-
ing a dictatorship over the thoughts of my fellow-
countrymen.
But if the abominable theme must be brought
into the Council Chambers of the nation, for the
sake of decency, if not of justice, let it be at a more
seasonable time. If there remains one Union man
at the South, let us remember that he is unrepre-
sented here; that the subject of slavery particu-
larly concerns him, and that it is ungenerous and
unjust, if not cowardly, to take advantage of his
absence of representation to push forward meas-
ures in regard to the local institutions of his sec-
tion; measures against which, were he present, he
would give his earnest opposition. It will quench
whatever remains of Union feeling in the South,
if it has not already done so. It will destroy the
last hope of a reconstruction of the Union on a
friendly basis. It will prove what lias been so often
intimated, that the first idea of the dominant party
in the North is active and unwavering antagonism
to slavery, and a fixed purpose to legislate it out
of the land at oil hazards. Is it with that theory
advanced that we are to conquer a peace? Sir, we
arc flinging away the last chances of reconciliation
as recklessly as madmen cast their treasures into
the sea. The agitation of the subject has been the
country 'st>ane at every period ofitshisto ry; its dis-
cussion at this crisis is desperate self-destruction.
Is it while the magazine is beneath us and about
us, bursting with the agencies of ruin, that we
must choose to sport with the flaming torch of the
incendiary? Sir, until our beloved country shall
be saved, the word "emancipation" should, by
common consent, be banished from the language of
debate in this assemblage. It is a spell which has
wrought enough already of desolation. It is a hell-
ish formula of incantation which has conjured up
the fiends of discord and civil war; and it never
was so potent in its evil tendency as now, when it
is being passed, like the breath of the plague, from
mouth to mouth, in the Council Chambers of the
country it has ruined. It should be spoken in a
whisper and with a prayer linked to it, as a thing
that brings a curse and spreads a pestilence. I
despair of my country, I despair of ever living
once more in a blessed Union of fraternal States,
when I hear all around me the utterance of that
rum-breeding word, "emancipation," mingling
with the shouts of battle, the fierce hurrahs of tri-
umph over fallen brothers, and the groans of our
dying countrymen.
Sir, if in place of making the negro question
a subject-matter of debate, this Congress would
take into earnest, solemn consideration some ex-
pedient for securing peace, I do believe that suc-
cess would crown our efforts. If they would entei
upon that task, not with hearts embittered and
intellects swayed by sectional antipathies and un-
timely mock philanthropies, but with all their souls
devoted to that one sacred purpose—the recon-
struction of the Union and our redemption from
civil war; if they would do this, in the spirit of
conciliation, of forgiveness, of tolerance, of broth-
erhood, and kindly feeling, it is my conviction
that before the close of this eventful session, the
preliminaries of a peace would be arranged. But
while, with the obstinacy of a blind fanatic, and
the instinct of a brutal gladiator, the first object is
to promulgate a party creed, and the second to
crush an opponent and wear the badge of victory,
