THE CONGRESSIONAL
Bspae
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASMlfaTOK;
 
Thirty-Seyentei Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1862.
NEWS :
Constitution. There is the power of this Gov-
ernment. In the conduct of our officers in obedi-
ence to lawand theConstitution consists the power
of this Government. The law is on our side, and
the country looks upon them to vindicate the law,
and wili hold them responsible for their conduct.
The President, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, is as much responsible to the law as any
other public officer. He is charged with the per-
formance of a particular duty, and if h% fails in
that duty let him stand upon his responsibility to
the country. We have no such responsibility,
no such duty to perform in this matter, and it is
utter impolicy, if we want things to go well with
the country, for us to interfere with the duties of
other departments of the Government. We have
sufficient security in the men who are in charge
of the military arm of the Government, that if this
matter needs investigation it will be investigated.
I ask gentlemen to consider where the establish-
ment of the practice we have inaugurated will
lead. Shall we go to the War Department and
dictate to it when a battle shall be fought, how it
shall be fought, what troops shall be put in front
and what in the rear? No, sir; we should over-
step both our constitutional prerogative an^ all
principles of prudence in the conduct of the war
by such a course.
Mr. Speaker, let us do our own duty, and we
shall accomplish a mighty task. I think it is an
unfortunate thing that this resolution was passed
originally. What is the tendency of proceeding
in such a course of inquiries into military conduct
by men who profess to know nothingaboutmili-
tary science, and yet who undertake to question
the performance of duty bv generals in command
in battle? I am not now alluding to this particular
case so much as to the principle upon which the
House has proceeded in other cases. I say what
is to be the effect of it? We sit here eminent in
our legislative powers, eminent for our station as
the representatives of the people, and our voice
is listened to everywhere; but when we institute
inquiries as to the conduct of generals and into
the conduct of armies upon the field of battle;
when we undertake to pick up matters which have
escaped military attention as to the cause of vic-
tory or the cause of defeat, we not only condemn
our generals, but we weaken our own power by
pronouncing judgment with out having the knowl-
edge upon which alone a correct judgmentcan be
made up. What, I say, is to be the effect of it?
It is to dissatisfy the whole Army. The general
who understands his profession, who understands
properly how to manage and conducta war, says:
" How can I act, how can 1 retain the confidence
of the officers and soldiers of my command if,
when I act in accordance with my best judgment,
based upon the experience of my life spent in the
service, I find gentlemen impatient for a battle,
anxious for a battle; that they censure my con-
duct, and undertake to show me my errors, and
get up committees in the House of Representa-
tives to investigate the matter?5,
But, sir, perhaps these committees may censure
conduct which a military tribunal would pro-
nounce wise and prudent management; still the
judgment of the committee would be calculated to
carry distrust into the country, to weaken their
confidence in our generals, to weaken confidence
in their skill and their fidelity. The judgment of
the committee amounts to nothing, because it is
made by men who profess to know nothingabout
the subject on which their judgment is given, but
it has this effect: your Army will become dis-
trustful and suspicious of the skill or fidelity of
their generals. You get up by this intermeddling
suspicion and fear upon the part of the general,
and he becomes anxious to conciliate your favor
instead of moving forward in the channel which
his military judgment would point out.
That, sir, will be the result of pursuing the
policy you have inaugurated upon this subject.
I do not say that there may not have been great
wrong committed. 1 do not say there have not
been errors. I say nothing about it. It may be
as the gentleman from New York has so elo-
13
quently stated. If it is, it is a fit subject for a
military examination; it is a fit subject for mili-
tary punishment; and we have no reason to sup-
pose it will not be done at the proper time. The
A rmy are the best judges of the conduct of their
officers; the soldiers who are witnesses, the offi-
cers who are witnesses, the whole Army who are
witnesses, are the best judges of the propriety of
the conduct of their generals, and they will not
suffer a great wrong to go unredressed.
I say this course upon the part of the House is
calculated to destroy the confidence of the country
in your generals; and when you have done that
you have greatly weakened your Army itself, for
an army loses us strength when it has lost confi-
dence in its commanding officers. We have an
officer at the head of our Army in whom 1 have
great confidence, and 1 believe the country has
great confidcnce in him. I mean General McClol-
lan. He now enjoys the confidence of the whole
country. There is our strength—let us not weaken
it. Let us not induce the country to believe that
he is either failing to do his duty, or to screen
those who have not done their duty. I believe no
such thing; but I tell gentlemen they had a great
deal better weaken the Army in numbeis than to
weaken their confidence in their commanding gen-
erals, Let us have patience, and let us have confi-
dence in our military officers. 1 have heard it said
that an army of hares led by a lion is more to be
dreaded than an army of lions led by a hare. We
have aman at the head of our Army who is worthy
of confidence; and as long as he shows himself as
worthy of our confidence as he has in the past,
let him remain as he is; let him have the full con-
fidence of the country; and let us help, not by in-
vestigating around, creating suspicion here and
suspicion there, endeavoring to induce the belief
in the country that lie is not fulfilling his duty.
Suppose he should fail for want of ability, how
should we remedy the matter by these intermed-
dling, injurious investigations? Let the Army do
its own business and we do ours. If we are to
enter upon this work it will increase upon our
hands from day to day. Here are two hundred
and odd members. Some oneof them will be ready
to find fault with every battle. We shall always
find cause enough of complaint for a defeat—-be
sure of that. If we are to find fault with every
movement, and appointa committee to investigate
it, why not appoint a committee to attend your
Commander-in-Chief, where they can watch him
better; why not send th< m along with your Army,
and give them the benefit of their counsels, so that
the power of Congress may be felt in battle as well
as in these legislative halls?
In this way you will subvert the Government.
You are turning civilians into military men, and
would, by the same operation, turn military men
into civilians.
I beg pardon of the House for detaining them so
long.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire, with the con-
sent of the distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky, to submit an amendment to the resolution
of the gentleman from New York, which I hope
will be adopted, if the resolution be adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will yield m a mo-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one word further.
Althougli I would rather vote to receive the reso-
lution, yet I cannot help seeing that it contains
other things than are alleged. But I hope I have
said nothing harsh in reference to the proposed
inquiry. I know that these measures are natural.
I feel how natural it is for us to trace these mat-
ters up. We are here the great censorium, as it
were, of the people of the United States. We
look with intense and continued anxiety upon the
prosecution of this war, and not an event occurs
but reaches our feelings. We are naturally
tempted to put our hand into the woik. We have
a great deal to do legitimately in relation to the
war, but such is our anxiety that we are ready to
lift up our hands and to thrust them into every-
thing that relates to it. It is natural. The feel-
ings which so honorably distinguished the gentle-
man from New York this morning*in ,ftf*
the defeatof our arms at Ball's Bluff &r& '*he
that are entertained by all of us. We ar^ tem^fiSi
of our very natures to transgress our *po'iPeN/
Let us resist it. It is necessary that we shpiaM
be delivered from it in order that we may do otSft
duty, and allow this war to go on with all th^
energy and all the military skill and ability pos-
sible. We impair its progress and we impair itb
success by our interference.
Now, sir, although I would rather suppress this
inquiry altogether, and think it entirely wrong,
yet it appears to me that the answer which has
been received is inadequate. It does not answer
the inquiry as to the fact; but it answers by say-
ing that it would be injurious to the public ser-
vice. That is what the Secretary says. Is that
an answer? He is only required to say whether
the answer may be given without injury to the
public service. That is the resolution. If ha
says that it is of prejudice to the public service
to answer now, tnen that will be a full and suffi-
cient answer.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want, with the
permission of the gentleman, to call his attention
to the fact that the criticism which he suggests
now upon the reply which has been sent here, is
not at all the one suggested by the resolution t
have offered. The original resolution requests the
Secretary of War, if in his opinion notincompati-
ble with the public interest, to inform us whether
a given thing had taken place—not any facts, not
the name of any parties, but simply whether or
not any steps had been taken to learn who was
to blame for that battle. I submit to the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky that thatresd-
lution admitted of only three answers. The Sec-
retary mightanswer yes, that such steps had been
taken, and state them. He might answer no, that
no such steps had been taken. He might answer,
as the gentleman now suggests, that, in his opin-
ion, it would be incompatible with the public inter-
est to inform theHouse whether that investigation
had taken place. Those are the three alternatives.
Now what is the answer? Not that it has taken
place; not that it has not taken place; not that, in
the opinion of the Secretary ofWar,itwould be in-
jurious to say whether it has taken place or not; but
that, in the opinion of the Commander-in-Chief,
an investigation on the subject of the resolution
would not in the future be compatible with the
public interest. They might as well answer $ny
otlier thing which has not the remotest reference
to the inquiryin this resolution. Therefore I sub-
mit to the distinguished gentleman that,as hesaid
at the outset, there is a principle of vast importance
lying at the bottom of this resolution.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 14$ 
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
BATTLE OF BALL'S BLUFF—AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
was about concluding when interrupted by the
message from the Senate. I did not mean to tres-
pass so long upon the time of the gentloman from
Kentucky. As he has informed us, there is a prin-
ciple of vital and wide-spread importance lying at
the bottom of this resolution and this discussion,
and that is, whether any department of the Gov-
ernment, and above all, whether the military ele-
ment, shall come here and say to this House,
when they propound a respectful question, "we
do not choose to answer that question, and we
do not dare to stand up and say that, in our
opinion, it would be injurious to do so; but we do
clioose to answer something entirely evasive"— I
say evasive—1 do not mean intentionally so—-I
agree with my distinguished friend here that it
may have been inadvertent—" we choose or we
happen to send to you a totally non-resfpoiisive
; and evasive reply to a resolution which you have
