1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
achieve any victories, because we are not just;
because we are not true to the principles of justice
and truth and human equality which we pro-
claimed in the original structure of our Govern-
ment. We are failing to *'proclaim liberty through-
out all the land to all the inhabitants thereof."
We have stood looking coldly and jeeringly on
the suffering slave, as year after year, lustrum
after lustrum, and decade after decade rolled by.
We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in
that we have seen the anguish of his soul and have
not had compassion on him. We have derided
his woes; we have seen him stripped and spoiled
and lacerated and wronged and outraged—four
million human beings, made in the image of God;
we have derided their sufferings, and now we have
reached a point which that far-seeing statesman,
Jefferson,saw years ago. We are standingin the
front, not merely of rebels, but we are standing
before an incensed God—I prefer using the scrip-
tural term to designate the Supreme Being—if any
one prefers the phraseology, I will say we are
standing in the presence of that divine Nemesis
•who has woven the threads of retribution into the
web of national life no less than into that of indi-
vidual life. We are put to flight because that
divine power is against us. We must repent, and
must proclaim liberty to the enslaved of the land.
Sir, it is said that it is want of brains that pre-
vents our military success. It is not the want of
brains so much as it is the want of heart. We
want a soul in this matter. The generals who
conduct our armies have no soul or earnestness
in the cause. They go with kid gloves on their
hands, and say, " Generous, hospitable South
Carolinians, (the very vipers who hatched out the
accursed rebellion,) we will not hurt you if we can
help it." I believe before God—and if it be fanat-
icism now, it will not be fanaticism when the muse
of history traces the events of the day—that the
reason why we have had Ball's Bluff, Bull Run,
and other defeats and disasters, is that God in his
providence means to arraign us before this great
question of human freedom and make us take the
right position. Where are we now, sir? Just
where a certain crew were, on a vessel whose his-
tory is found in the sacred writings. These an-
cient mariners put out from the shore and a storm
overtook them, like that which came down upon
the Trojans. The billows, foaming and raging,
threatened the destruction of vessel and crew. Af-
frighted they calicd upon their respective deities,
inquiring what had brought upon them the divine
displeasure, and found a certain, refugeeon board
who had proved derelict to sacred obligations.
They cast lots about the matter, referring it im-
mediately to a divine solution, and the lot fell on
the guilty person. What then? Why, the cul-
prit himself said he must be thrown overboard.
The sailors, with characteristic generosity, tried
to save him, but could not, and cast him forth,
and so saved their vessel and the lives of those
on board. I can imagine the commander, the
pilot, and other subalterns, gathering around the
doomed culprit, saying: " It is a pity to throw him
overboard. He has paid his fare clcar through.
He has got some sort of constitutional right to
stay on our vessel, storm or no storm; and be-
sides he is pious withal, says grace and prays."
But the crew, in spite of the officers, in spite of
themselves even, say: " Let us not perish for this
man." So they cast him forth into the sea, and
the sea ceased from her raging.
Now, sir, when we cast this accursed slavery
overboard, God will give us success, and will
crown our arms with victory—for that is just,
that is right. But no: this slavoholding Jonah
has paid his faro, has got gome sort of constitu-
tional guarantied right, and prays and whips
Christianity into its tortured catcchumen; and we
are here to-day, with this old national vessel
drifting wildly amid the maddened waves, every
spar bowing, etery joint creaking, and every
plank bending, while the angry ocean shivers its
crested waves charged with divine wrath against
its sides: and still men say, ''-For God's sake,
do not touch this old slciveholding Jonah !M We
must do it, sir. It must go to the depths or
we must; and when it is cast into the sea God
will save the nation. Then it will be a nation
worth saving. Then it will be a nation standing
proudly where it ought to stand, in the forefront
of the nations of the earth, and leading them on j
to freedom. Men jeer about the " everlasting |
nigger." You cannot get rid of him, sir. He
will not down at your bidding. You might just
as well try to wipe out Jehovah's government, and
crumble the pillars of God's throne. In the negro
just now are embodied and represented here brfore
us the rights of man. We nave disregarded his
rights as long as God will allow us.
Here is the trouble, sir. It is not in Stone, nor
McClellan, nor in Halleck altogether. God uses
these poor instruments to punish us, [laughter,]
and wlien we take the right position he will bring
us the right men and we shall be saved, but not*
otherwise. To this complexion it will come at
last. It is written in the unfolding leaves of that
book chained to the throne. This Jonah must go
down into the depths of the ocean, to the founda-
tion of the lulls. We have refused to vote for the
negro; we have, refused to care for the negro;
we have refused to sympathize with the negro,
and now God has set us to fighting about the ne-
gro; and the man is blind or an atheist who docs
not see the hand of God in it all. History will
tell you that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the people are determined
to put down this rebellion, and I tell the Govern-
ment, without the least ripple or shadow of un-
kind feeling toward a single gentleman—for if I
had it would be groundless and ungrateful—in-
trusted with the administration ofaffairs, and with-
out believing for a moment that they are not true
and loyal and earnest, although, as 1 think, acting
on mistaken theories; I tell them that the people
mean to put down this rebellion, and do not mean
to stand with the rope round their neck always.
This rebellion must be put down by the Govern-
ment or without it. I know how the people feel,
and I know that the slaveholding interest of one
or two border slave States will not be allowed to
control the destinies of this Republic.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois aHow me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOYEJOY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I see, sir, that this House
passed at a former session the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That neither the Federal Government nor the
people or governments of the linn-slnveliolcling States have
a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upon or in-
terfere with slavery in any of the States of thP Union.
Resolved, That those persons in the North who do not
subscribe to the foregoing proposition are too insignificant
in numbcis and influence to excite the serious attention or
at aim of any portion of the people of the Republic, and that
the increase of then number and influence docs not keep
pace with the mcrea&c of the aggiegate population of the
Union.
Jn favor of the passage of the resolutions 1 see
a gentleman's name, "OwenLovejoy." Are you
the man ?
Mr. LOYEJOY. I am that man. [Laughter.]
I thank the gentleman for that word. Before re-
plying to it,'"however, I want to say in pursuance
of the line of thought which I was upon, that the
people have determined, as I believe, to carry on
this war so as to put down the rebellion in the
speediest and most effectual way, and I have4no
doubt that the Government will gracefully yield
to the popular sentiment.
Now, if 1 understand the resolution read by the
gentleman from Kentucky—and myattention was
diverted from the reading of it for the moment—it
asserted that we had no right to interfere with
slavery in the States.
A Member. That's the point of it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir; you will always find
my vote in the affirmative upon any such resolu-
tion as that. But that was when these States were
all loyal to the Federal Government; that was
before slavery had broken out into rebellion; thnt
was before these States had seceded, and cast olT
their allegiance to the Government, to all its
claims, and all its obligations, and of course to all
right of protection and immunity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is one thing, as I under-
stand it, for two combatants to get together in a
duel, for instance, in the ancient sword practice,
and contend according to rule, according to the
code. If they get together even as prize-fighters
they have requirements that will not allow the
combatants to strike certain parts of the body;
but here is a man who is playing foul,and who is
striving to take your life by any and all means;
are you bound by the rules, then? Has not the
Constitution the right of self-preservation?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to ask my col-
league what was the condition of South Carolina
at the time when he voted For'that resolution )
Mr. LOYEJOY. I do not remember the dat£
of it. • ■
Mr. RICHARDSON. It'was inFebtuaryfaitl
Mr. LOYEJOY. It is well understood, that
when this resolution passed no statfe oif
isted, no rebellion had broken out in'drmsi. - c }
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask my colleague
whether the Star of the West lmd hoc beett Tu'eti
into? ' ,3 ;
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it was subsequent M
that, but no matter as to particular dates; I
talking about a state of war and rebellion as con-
trasted with a state of peace. Now, I suppose
the gentleman from Kentucky, as well as others,'
will admit that the Constitution and laws require
us to do a thousand things in the present state of
the country that they would not allow us to do in
an ordinary condition of peace. There is no ques-
tion about that. My simple point is this: I nave
said it once before, but as tne charge is persist-
ently made upon me, and upon those who advoi
cate the policy which I advocate, that we are for
making this an abolition war, an anti-slavery war,
I again take occasion to say that that is not our
purpose as an original, ultimate purpose, but only
as a necessary incidental measure in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman from"Ken-
tucky a question. Does the gentleman prefer thai
slavery should be preserved and perpetuated rather
than that the Union should be preserved and main-
tained?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will answer the ques-
tion. I am for preserving this Union under the
Constitution, regarding its obligations imposed
upon every citizen, every section, and every State
of this Union. I am not for violating the Con-
stitution when it is not essential for the safety of
the Union. The gentleman asks whether I am
for preserving this union in preference to preserv-
ing slavery. If that issue is to be raised, whein
it Ts presented I shall be ready to meet it. I be-
lieve we shall preserve the Union and slavery
under it. I am for the principles as declared by
the gentleman himself in voting for the resolution
I have read, as declared by the President in his
inaugural address and in his two messages to this
House. If these principles are observed, 1 have
no fear that the Union and the Constitution will
not be piescrved.
Mr. LOYEJOY. That is as evasive an answer as
the one complained of by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conicling,] in the resolution
before the House. Now the question I presented
to the gentleman respectfully was, supposing it is
impossible to preserve them both, suppose it be-
comes as apparent to all as it is apparent to some
of us, as we think, that one or the other must go
into the ocean—the vessel or Jonah—which shall
go overboard? That is the question I propounded.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would prefer throwing
the abolitionists overboard. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not doubt it, and that is
tantamount to saying that the gentleman prefers
seeing the Union go by the board rather than sla-
very; for in the sense in which he uses the term
he makes them identical. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
am for preserving the Union, the Constitution,
and freedom. To preserve, to embalm freedom
was the great object of forming the Union and of
adopting the Constitution. Slavery was local,
casual, transient. There is the very point at issue.
Those gentlemen who advocate this policy which
seems now to control the Army, and apparently
the Administration, prefer the preservation of sla-
very to the preservation of the Union, provided
both cannot be preserved.
Now, I am opposed to that policy. I value the
Union; I prize the Constitution; I value the glo-
rious reminiscences of the past and the hopes of
thefuturc—though now clouded and dark. I pre-
fer the Union and these to slavery. It may cry
and shriek, and beg of us in piteous tones, but it
must go down into the depths rather than the
Union shall perish. There is the trouble. With
these men they want to fight for the Union, but
you must not hurt slavery. Let Baker fall, and
hundreds of others fall—as was eloquently stated
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Con'iclino]—they may fall; Ellsworth may die,
Lyon may bleed; no matter, slavery is intact-, sla-
very is unharmed. We must ^ght these battles so
