196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
as to hurt it. The moment our forces advance to
the line of treading on that accursed thing which
lies in their pathway to victory and success, " re-
treat 1" is then the word. There we are held. No,
sir, I prefer that the accursed thing should be
brought to the block. Oh, sir, it is worth twenty
crucifixions. I would be willing to die a thousand
deaths to have the grand opportunity vouchsafed
at the present moment to the President of the Uni-
ted States—an opportunity grand, sublime, rare
in the life of a nation, stilt more rare in the life
of an individual: 1 would lift myself up until I
brought my heart in contact with the great heart
of the eternal God, who loves the slave as well as
he loves you or me; and say, as God lives, and
as my soul lives, the Union shall be preserved,
the Constitution shall be saved, but the accursed
thing, which has destroyed both, shall be brought
to the block! To bo President, to be king, to
be victor, has happened to many; to float down
through future generations, to be embalmed in the
hearts of mankind as liberator, emancipator, to
few.
Mr. Speaker, I must ask pardon for detaining
the House thus long. 1 did not anticipate making
these remarks at all, but I wanted to say what I
have said to the people, for they are feverishly
alive upon this subject. They love the Union,
they love the Constitution; the Republic is en-
shrined in their hearts. Unlike the gentleman
from Kentucky, they love it more than slavery,
and they are not ashamed to avow it. I am not
ashamed to avow it. We have been ruled, tyran-
nized over, by this slave power long enough; I
now demand in the name of the people, I demand
in the name of justice and of God, that slavery
shall not stand in the path, presenting an insur-
mountable obstacle to the success and triumph of
our armies in putting down this rebellion. I in-
sist upon it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the House will excuse
me, as the matter has been alluded to by my col-
league [Mr. Richardson,] I desire to be allowed
a few brief words upon the question of the sur-
render of Mason and Slidell.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. That is not a pertinent inquiry to the
resolution of the gentleman fiorn New York. I
am in favor of the discussion of that question, but
not now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If there is any disposition to
object to the d iscussion of this matter as irrelevant,
I will conclude by reading a portion of thesacied
writings.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. I desire the gentle-
man to understand me that I only desire this Mason
and Slidell affair to come up m a shape where we
can all debate it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well. I will close by
asking the Clerk to read the seventh chapter of
Joshua. (Lan"-hier ]
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I will not raise a
question of order upon the Bible, it is so rarely
introduced here.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that the Bible has nothing to do with the matter
before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Chair cannot decide that question
until ho has heard the chapter read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Chatter VII.
" But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the
ficcur.sed tiling: for Achan, tlie ton ol Carmu the son of
Zabdi, the son of Zeiah, of the tube of Judah, took of the
accursed thing: and the anjjer of the Lord was kindled
against the children of Israel.
"2. An(]Jo*)iu<iv(>ittmen fiom Jeriehoto A I, which is bp-
side iicth-aven, on tiie east Mde ol fleth-el, and spake unto
them, saying, Go up and view tiie count!y. And the men
went up and viewed Ai.
"0. And they letumcd to Joshua, and said uiHohim, Let
not all the people go up; but let about two or three thou-
sand men go up and smite Ai, and make not all the people
to labour thither; for they ore but few.
"4. Bo there went up thither of the people about three
thousand men: arid they fled before the men of At.
5. And die men of Ai smote ot them about thirty and six
men : for they chased them from hdore the gate even unto
Shcbanm, amUtnote them in the going down, wlieielore
the hearts ot the people m died, and became as water.
"6. And Joshua lent hi* clothe*., and fell to the earth
upon his face beiore the ark ot' the Lord until the even-
tide, he and the eiders of Israel, and put du*t upon their
heady.
" 7. And Joshua said, Ala5;, 0 Lord God, wherefore hast
thou at all brought thiy people over Joidan, to deliver us
into the hand of the Amoritea, to destroy us ? would to God
we had been content, and dwelt on the other side Jordan.
" 8. O Lord, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their
backs before their enemies!
"9. For the Canaamtes and all the inhabitants of the
land phall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cutoff
our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy
great name?
" 10. IT And the Lord said unto Joshua, Get thee up;
wheiefoie Uest thou thus upon thy face?
"11. Israel hath sinned,and they have also transgressed
my covenant winch I commanded them : for they have even
taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and di*
sembled also, and they have put it even among their own
stuff.
* " 12. Therefore the children of Israel could not stand be-
fore their enemies, but turned their backs before their ene-
mies, because they were accursed : neither will I be with
you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among
you.
"13. Up, s-anctify the people, and say. Sanctify your-
selves against to-morrow: foi thus saith the Lord God of
Isiael, There is an accursed thing in the midbt of thee, O
Israel: thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye
take away the accursed thing fiom among you.
" 14. In the inoiningthereforcyeshall be brought accord-
ing to your tiibes: and it shall be, that the tribe which the
Lord takcth shall come accotdlng to the families thereof;
and the family which the Lord s-hall take shall come by
households*; and the household which the Lord shall take
shall come man by man.
" 13. And it shall bo, that he that H taken with the ac-
cursed thing shall be burnt with fiic, he and all that he
hath: because he hath trangressed the covenant of the
Lord, and bccause he hath wiought folly in Israel.
" 16. 57 So Joshua iosc up early in the morning, and
biought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was
taken:
" 17, And he brought the family of Judah ; and he took
the family of the Zajlutes : and he biought the family of
the Zaihites man by man ; and Zabdi was taken.
" 18. And he brought his household man by man; and
Achan, the son of Cauni, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah,
of the thbe of Judah, was taken.
" 19. And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray
thee, glory to the Lord God of Israel, and make confession
unto him ; and tell me now what thou hast done ; hide it
not from me.
k'20. And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I
have sinned against the Lord God oi Imui-I, and thus and
thin have I done :
'*'21. When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish
gaiment, and two bundled shekels of silver, and a wedge
of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took
them ; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst
of my tent, and the silver under it.
" 22. IT Bo Joshua sent messengers, and they ran unto
the tent; and. behold, tl was hid in his tent, and the silver
under it.
"23. And they took them out of the mid'tof the tent,
and biought them unto Joshua, and unto all the children of
Israel, and laid thein out before the Lord.
" 24. And Jot>hua,andall Isiael with hun, took Achan the
son of Zerah, and the silver, and the gaiment, and the
wedge of gold, and his sons, and lay daughters, ami his
oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that
he had : and they biought them unto the valley of Aehor.
"25. And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled u  ? the
Lord shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him
with stones, and butned them with fiie, after they had stoned
them with stones.
'♦26. And they raised over him a great heap of stones
unto this day. So the Lord turned from the fierceness of
his angei. Wheiefoie the name of that place was called,
The valley of Aehor, unto this day."
During the reading of the chapter,
Mr. STEVENS moved that all further reading
be dispensed with, and that it be printed [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The chapter be-
ing read is a portion of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois, and he has a right to have it
read.
Mr.WADSWORTH. I do not think that our
soldiers have been stealing anything, and I do not
think, therefore, that it is pertinent.
I The rcadinsr was then concludcd.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, as the House
seems to be unwilling to have any more of the
Bible read, I will not insist on the further reading;
but if gentlemen will read the next chapter, they
will find that when the stumbling-block was re-
moved the Israelites were uniformly victorious.
And when the American Republic destroys sla-
very God will smile upon it, and crown our arms
with success.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, as I under-
j stand the purport of the argument of the gentle-
man, this sin of slavery is weighing so heavily
upon the arms_ of the United Slates at this time
that it will be impossible for those arms ever to
achieve success or victory until this accursed
thing of slavery is removed from it. I suppose if
slavery is a cuise, as the gentleman from Illinois
charges it is, then if there be any engaged in this
controversy responsible for it, they are the rebels
of the South, and therefore the face of the Al-
mighty from the commencement of the rebellion
up to this time ought to be turned against them.
That would be the case if the gentleman's theory
were correct. He states, however, that it is not
so—that the Almighty, whose counsels he seems
to know and undeistand perfectly by a sort of
revelation, I presume, not vouchsafed to many
members upon this floor, is upon the side of the
rebels and against the United States. I think that
the gentleman is in error altogether.
I will say, while I am up, in response to the
question propounded to my venetable colleague,
[Mr. Wickliffe,] that, so far as I understand the
feelings of the people of that State—at least I can
give, without hesitation, my own opinion on the
subject—that if they ever come to regard the in-
stitution of slavery as standing in the way of this
Union, or of constitutional liberty, they will not
hesitate to wipe out that institution. [Applause
in the galleries.] While I state that, I do not,
however, believe that we will ever come to regard
the existence of slavery as incompatible with the
liberty which our forefathers enjoyed, and which
westill enjoyunderthcConstitution oftheUnited
States. We want to preserve that institution, and
to preserve the Constitution, with ail of its rights,
guaianteos, and securities. [Applause.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am very glad to hear the
announcement of the gentleman from Kentucky.
I have no doubt that such an opinion as that he
entertains is sincerely entertained in many of the
border States; but that is not the theory which
guides the counsels of the State of Kentucky, and
induces it to come up here to moid and fashion
the policy of this Government.
Mr. DUNN. Let me say a word.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to answer one gen-
tleman at a time.
I did not say absolutely, Mr. Speaker, that we
can make no forward movement until slavery is
destroyed. I stated that while we are attempting
to fight the battles of the Republic we cannot ex-
pect success by trying to save slavery. I am in
that uttering no new revelation. I have a revela-
tion—a revelation, as the gentleman says—but in
common with others; and the Clerk has read a
portion of it. Duts the gentleman believe that it
is a revelation from God?
Mr. MALLORY. Not if it is a part of your
speech. [Laughter.] If it is a part of the Bible,
I do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman should find
a portion of the Bible in my speech he would not
believe it! That may be witty, but does not strike
me as over sensible. I have a revelation, and there
it is. It is burdened with denunciation of oppres-
sion. Even Jefferson, who relied not so much on
the written revelation as on the invisible to the
heart of man, said: " Until we put away slavery
our prayers will be impious."
Mr. MALLORY. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to put a question to him, which 1 wish
him to answer before he takes his seat. It is this:
if he believes that the Union of these States and
the Constitution secure slavery, would he wish
the Union and Constitution destroyed in order to
destroy slavery?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No; I would not. I have
stated simply that slavery must be destroyed rather
than the Union and the Constitution. That is all
I am claiming.
Mr. MALLORY. That is not an answer to
my question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I say that I would not de-
stroy the Constitution and the Union for the sake
of destroying slavery. That is not the question;
it is evading it. Here is this rebellion; and slavery
is in the pathway of our success; and my com-
plaint js, that we are trying to fight the battles of
the Republic so as not to hurt slavery, and thereby
imperiling the Union. I say that it is better slavery
should perish, that the Union and Constitution
may be preserved. And the Constitution never
protected slavery—never guarantied slavery—but
it only did not give us the power of doing away
with it.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a
few words, with the permission of the gentleman
from Illinois. I do not know whether he under-
takes to be the interpreter of the Old Testament
alone or of the New likewise; but it seems to me
there is a parable in the New Testament much
more worthy of our consideration than the chap-
ter of Joshua which he has caused to be read to
