1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
made a speech oat of order on one side, and the j
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] had made a ;
speech out of order on the other side, I thought !
that it was a fair balance, and did not suppose it j
would be deemed unkind this morning to ask that
debate be strictly confined to the question legiti-
mately before the committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust the gentleman
will permit me to proceed with the line of my ar-
gument. I am not yet very far from the record.
I may give the gentleman evidences why I have
this opinion. Recently, when a general, sent to
the western department, avowed his purpose,
without any military necessity, to violate a law
passed by Congress, supported by gentlemen on
the other side of the House, and resisted by gen-
tlemen on this side, the President modified the
proclamation, and made it conform to the law. I
have watched the President of the United States
with some disposition to find fault. It has been
my misfortune through life, too often probably,
to differ with the Executive which 1 had aided m
placing in power. And while I differ with the
President of the United States as to his policy, I
accord to him perfect integrity of purpose. Gen-
tlemen on the other side told us yesterday that the
preservation of the Constitution and of the Union
was secondary with them; that the primary ob-
ject with them in this war was the destruction of
slavery.
Mr. STEVENS. I again call the gentleman to
order. I think he has got far enough now for the
Chair to determine whether he is in order or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
the words to which he objects.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Illinois
is going on to argue the whole question as to his
confidence in the President and as to the dissolu-
tion of the Union, and for what causes it ought to
be dissolved. Now this bill does not put into the
hands of the Executive one dollar, does not ap-
propriate one dollar to any purpose; and all this
debate is out of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
wait a moment I will make the application of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to wait an hour
or that. I make the point of order, and insist
upon it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman re-
duce to writing the remarks which he considers
out of order ?
Mr. STEVENS. I am not going to make a
personal question with thegentleman from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Il-
linois has a right to demand that the remarks
objected to be reduced to writing-. The Clerk will
read the first part of the 62d rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" If a member be called to order for words spoken in de-
bate, the person calling him to outer shall repeat the words
excepted to, and they shall be taken down m writing at
the Cleik's table."
Mr. STEVENS. I always understood that to
refer to words thatare personally offensive. How-
ever, I object to the gentleman from Illinois for
using, among other things, the following language:
" Gentlemen on the other side told us \-esteiday that the
preservation of the Constitution and of the Union was sec-
ondary with them; that the primary object with them in
this war was the destruction of slavery."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I regret, Mr. Chair-
man, that such ruling was not made yesterday.
Mr.STEVENS. Adustnotthegentlemanhave
the leave of the House before he can proceed?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, without any disre-
spect to the gentleman from Illinois, I object to
his proceeding.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of those
who are better versed in parliamentary rules than
the Chair, that the position taken by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is correct; that the rule
read applies only to indecorous language. At the
same time, the Chair had the right to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to "reduce to writing
the words objected to, so that it might decide upon
it strictly. Thegentleman from Illinois must pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I only
desire, for the benefit of our friends upon the other
side of the House, to say that during the progress
of the remarks made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wadsworth] yesterday, he was sub-
ject to the same interruptions that I am; but during
'the entire remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] no interruption was interposed.
Now, if 1 am to be subjected to these repeated
interruptions, it will be useless for me to proceed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, notifying the House that the Sen-
ate have passed a bill (No. 185) to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes*, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee then resumed its session, and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois that he sustained every
point of order raised yesterday during the progress
of the debate to which he alluded. •
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am coming to that. I
am not complaining of the Chairman; nor have I
the right, I suppose, to complain of thegentleman
who interposes these objections. It is his right
under the rules. But I desire to serve notice now
upon gentlemen on the other side—I have node-
sire to discuss the first section of the bill—so that
I may bring them up by and by to the strict line
of order. I will make them toe the mark, every
hour of every day during the balance of this ses-
sion.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by striking out in the twelfth line,
the words " Secretary of the Treasury," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words " President of
the United States;'5 so that the commissioner shall
be an ofiiccr who shall be solely under the direc-
; tion of the President of the United States, and that
; he^shall do the duties specified in this section un-
! der the direction of the President. And to make
' the section complete, I move also to strike out
1 from the twenty-fourth line the words " and the
! Secretary of the Treasury may assign to the of-
fice." I propose also to insert in the twenty-sixth
1 line, after the word " revenue," the words " shall
■ appoint under the direction of the President of the
United States such number of clerks as he may
i deem necessary or the exigencies of the public
| service may require;" so that thesection willread:
! That for tiie purpose of supeuntending the collection ot
1 internal duties stamp duties*, Jiccm-es, ot taxes imposed by
thi? aet,orwhieh may be hereaftei imposed,andoi assess-
ing the same, an office is hereby cleared in the Treasuiv
■ Department to be called the office of the ('ommi-sionei of
1 internal Revenue; and the Pie-nlentol the United titate-*
1 is heieby authorized to nominate, and, Willi the advice and
: coii.-ent of the Senate, to appoint, a Commissioner of In-
; tenia! Revenue, with an annual salaiy of 000, who shall
1 be ciiarged, and hereby is charged, under the direction of
, the Pie«identof the United States, with pieparnig all the
; instructions, tegulations,duections, forms, blanks, stamps,
and licenses, and distributing the same.oi any pari thereof,
' and all other matters pertaining to the assessment and col-
i lection of the duties, stamp duties, licenses, and taxes as
i may be necessary to cairy this act into effect, with the gen-
] eral superintendence ol his office, as aforc aid, and shall
i have authoiity, and hereby is authorized and lequirod, to
! provide propei and sufficient stamps or dies toi expren>ing
■ ami denoting the sevei al stamp duties, or the amount theteof
I in the case of percentage duties, imposed by tins act, and
; toaltei and renew orreplace such stamps from time to tune,
! as occasion shall leqmre. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may appoint, undei the duection ol the PieMdeut
I of the United Stales, such number of clerks as he may deem
i ncecssar} or the exigencies of tiie public seivice may re-
' quire.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
! the gentleman that it is not in order to offer more
! than one amendment nt a time.
Mi. BAKER. Then I will submitthc first one
I have indicated in the twelfth line.
I will add that this amendment will be m entire
consonance with the provisions of the second sec-
tion of the bill, which provides that the President
of the United States shall divide the several States
and Teriitories and the District of Columbia into
convenientcollection districts. Such duties having
been imposed on the President, I think it is right
i and proper that he should have the whole control
; of the assessment and collection of the internal
i revenue imposed in this bill.
! Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to say
< a word in relation to that amendment. I hope the
1 amendment will not prevail. The President, it is
[ true, in the second section is charged with the
i assignment of districts for the collection of the
I revenue; but it seems to me that in the financial
arrangement necessary to be carried out in the
Treasury Department, the officers for carrying it
out should not be thrown under the supervision
of the President of the United States. It appears
to me that that ofiiccr has now, particularly dur-
ing the continuance of this rebellion, as much on
his hands as it is safe to confide to any one per-
son. I believe that the hill will be better carried
out by the Secretary of the Treasury than it can
possibly be under the supervision^^. tiie Presi-
dent of the United States. It cert'^^^fe; duty
appropriate to the Treasury Departft^j^^
Mr. BAKER. I do not propose by this amend-
ment to separate this matter in regard to the dis-
position of the finances to be collected by this
Commissioner, but to make the Commissioner an
independent officer. The remark made by the gen-
tleman from California that the duties of the Presi-
dent are already very onerous, will, in my judg-
ment, very aptly apply also to the Secretary of
the Treasury. He has q-uife as much as he can
attend to. It seems to me too that the patronage
existing already in his Department under his di-
rection and control is quite sufficient.
Mr. HORTON. I merely wish to suggest that
there may be an incongruity in this matter if the
amendment of my friend from New York should
be carried out. This Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is at the head of an independent bureau
by the gentleman's amendment. "Without going
into the argument, I wish simply to suggest that
the Secretary of the Treasury ought to be at the
head of the Treasury Department. If you are to
have two heads of the Treasury Department it
will be somewhat incongruous. I therefore hope
that the House will vote down the amendment of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ALDRICH. Let me inquire of my friend
from Ohio if the heads of the various bureaus—
the Compttollcrs, the Auditois, and Register, are
not appointed by the President?
Mr. HORTON. That does not apply to the
point at all. The gentleman does not get at the
point.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It seems to me the
effect which the gentleman from New York de-
sires to reach in taking from the Secretary of the
Treasury this patronage, is not accomplished by
his amendment. He will observe, by simply read-
ing the context, that the officers he proposes the
President shall take the supervision of are charged
simply with prepciiing instructions, regulations,
directions, forms, blanks, stamps, and distribu-
ting tiie some. Now, I submit that it would be a
verv singular employment for the President of
the United States to be directing the forms, blanks,
and stamps that are to be used in carrying out this
revenue scheme. It is simply the business trans-
actions in gettingup and operating the machinery
of this bill in all its details that the amendment
proposes the President of the United States shall
take charge of. '
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means what is the precise meaning of the word
"assign," in the twenty-fifth lino? Does it mean
that he may appoint, or that he may simply assign
clerks already appointed ?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the meaning is
that he may assign clerks already appointed, if
there be supernumerary clerks already in the De-
partment, and if not, appoint them. I have no
objection to the word "appoint" being substi-
tuted, if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not,
if that is the meaning of it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to make one or two
verbal amendments. I move, in the seventeenth
line, to strike out the word " as," and insert the
word " which."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, also, in the eigh-
teenth line, after the word " effect," to insert the
woi d " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move, in the eleventh line,
to take out the word "five,"and insert " three;"
so as to make the compensation $3,000 instead of
^5,000. I suppose jt is the fixed policy of the
House to reduce the salaries of all the officers of
the Government, including our own. I hope,
i therefore, they will not begin by fixing a large
