3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia,
excepting as a punishment for certain crimes, and
todischargethorefromcertain convicts by sentence
of courts-martial, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
A joint resolution (No. 98) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish extra clothing to sick,
wounded, and other soldiers—-to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr.Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 5th instant, an act (S. No. 171) to reorganize
the Navy Department of the United States.
EMANCIPATION IN TII13 DISTRICT.
Mr.GRIMES. I desire to beinformod whether
the bill I called up is still on the President's table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was before
the Senate, and is superseded by the special order
of the duy.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to suspend that for ten
minutes. I <lo not think there will be any con-
troversy about this bill. I have drawn up an
amendment which will cover the objection of the
Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee oil the District of Columbia, to insert
a new section as section two, on page 3.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend the next
amendment reported by the District Committee
as the third section. The previous section merely
allows a person who has been claimed as a slave
to file his own petition, in case that no one should
present a claim for him as a slave, in order to get
the benefit of the act now. I move to insert in
the first line ofsection three, after the word" that,"
these words:
Whenever the tacts set tortli in said statement or sched-
ule ahull Ue found by the eommissiom:ra to be true.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa proposes to amend the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to,and the amendment as amended was adopted,
as follows:
Insert ns a new section:
./1ml he it fit) titer enacted, Timt whenever the facta set
foith In until statement or schedule flhnli be lound by the
eointnlriPiotift'H to be tine, the said 'clerk end hit* successors
inotjke Kliult prepare,sign, mid deliver certificates, as pie-
seiibed tn tin1 tfnili Kcctmn ol'tlieiiet to which ihh is sup-
plementary, to such person or persons as -shrill file their
fitfiteiut'iits In ptn&Uimce of the toregomg section, In all re-
spects the same as it stich statements were filed by the
person having claim to theii service or labor.
The next amendment reported by the commit-
tee is in section three of the bill, line six, after the
words " District of Columbia, "to insert" or who
shall be hereafter thus employed;" so as to read:
By the consent of the person to whom such service or
labiir is claimed to be owing, have been actually employed
within the District of Columbia, or who shall be hereafter
thus employed, are hereby declared free.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out section four in these words:
Rec. 4. Jl/ul he it fuitker enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby h, authorized to ap-
point, l>y and with the advice and consent of the Senate, s
solicitor of tile commission appointed under the act lip
proved April Hi, 18G2, entitled " An act for the release of
certain persons held to service or labor in the District of
Columbiaand the compensation of said solicitor shall
be at the rate of $"2,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an additional section:
.hit! be it further cnaeted, That in all tile judicial proceed'
in^s ni the "Distrietof Columbia there shall be no exclusion
of any Witness on aeeoum of color.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas SJ5, nays 11; as follows:
VK\ri—MAnthony, Chaiullei, Claik, Collamer
Dnouttle, I'Ywnden, foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, ll.irlan
liariia, Iimvc, King, Lane of Kansas, Moirill, Sheiiuau
Simmons, Sumner. Ten Joyclt, Tiinribull, Wade, Wilkin
son, WUntot, and \Vri!son of Massachusetts—
N'.W.s—3li's-e. liiownin", Cailile. Cowan, Davis. Hen-
derson, Kcnnedv, McDougali, Powell, Rice, Willev, and
Wright—11.
The bili was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Doolittle, FesSenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howe, King,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Sherman, Simmons,
Sumner,TenEyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Kennedy, Powell, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright—6.
So the bill was passed.
PENSION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate, which is the bill
(S. No. 200) to establish provisional governments
in certain cases.
Mr. FOSTER. Before proceeding with that
bill, I have the consent of the honorable Senator
from New York, and 1 hope to h^e the consent
of the Senate, to take up House bill No. 438, to
grant pensions. It was gone over very fully on
Saturday, and the amendments were concurred
in, so that the bill now stands on its third reading.
It will, I think, meet with no opposition; and as
there are a good many amendments, it is very de-
sirable that the bill should be sent back to the
House of Representatives as soon as possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the biil(H.R. No.
43£> to"grant pensions. The amendments were
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
thjrd time. The bill was read the third time, and
jfossed.
. CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire now to have a defi-
nite vote on the question of a quorum. I move to
postpone all prior orders that we may vote on and
settle that question. ["Ob, no."] lhopethe Senate
will determine that matter, as after to-morrow
probably we shall not have the requisite number.
Unless it is acted upon definitely to-day, the Senate
may not be able to act upon it at all.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 hope that that motion will not
prevail. I really desire that the bill which has been
made the special order for to-day, after so long a
delay, may now be acted upon. The friends of
the bill already think that I have been too indul-
gent in giving way for other measures. I desire
now very much that the bill shall be acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone the special and all other orders, and proceed
to the consideration of the resolution indicated by
him.
The motion was not agreed to.
ADDITIONAL TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 187)
to authorize an additional issue of United States
notes have agreed to recommend that the House of
Representatives recede from theirdisagreemenlto
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendmentstrikingout " twenty,"
and inserting " thirty." That is a compromise,
and allows $>35,000,000 of small notes instead of
§25,000,000. The House recede from their disa-
greement to the second amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same. The House recede from
their disagreement to the Senate's third amend-
ment, and agree to it with an amendment, striking
out " seventy-five,"and inserting " fifty." That
requires $50,000,000 to be retained for the purpose
of meeting the deposits instead of $75,000,000.
The Senate recede from their fourth amendment,
which was in regard to appointing places for the
payment of interest.
The leport was concurred in.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 200) to estab-
lish provisionalgovernmentsincertam cases. The
bill proposes to give authority wherever, within
the territorial limits of the United States, the con-
stitutional authority and laws of the United States
are or may be resisted by arms during the present
rebellion, except in the States of Kentucky, Mis-
souri, Maryland, and that portion of the State of
Virginia the inhabitants of which now acknowl-
edge the authority of the United States, to the
President of the United States, by proclamation or
order, to establish a provisional government, and
to exercise the powers granted by this act, within
such district or districts as he may, in like rnan-
ner, determine, and the limits of any district so
established are to be subject to such modifications
as may be found to be necessary and expedient
by him.
The executive power of every government so
established is to be exercised by a Governor, the
judicial power by three judges, or a majority of
them, who shall constitute the provisional court
of the district, and the legislative power by a Le-
gislature, consisting of the Governor and three
judges, and the Governor and judges are to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and receive for their
services respectively—the Governor $2,500, and
each judge $2,000, per annum.
The executive power is to extend to all such
acts as may be necessary for the due enforcement
of the laws; the legislative power to all subjects
of rightful legislation not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States; and
the judicial power to all causes usually heard and
determined in courts of law.
There is also to be appointed, within each dis-
trict so organized, a secretary, a marshal, and a
district attorney, who are to exercise the powers
usually vested mlike officers by acts of Congress
establishing territorial governments, and receive,
respectively, a compensation of $1,500 per an num.
The court thus authorized is to hold such terms
as it may order, or as Congress or the provisional
Legislature shall direct; appoint its own clei k and
friinisterial officers other than marshal; establish
and modify rules of practice applicable to proceed-
ings within its jurisdiction; and hear and determ-
ine all such causes and matters as are by law cog-
nizable by the circuit and district courts of the
United States, or the supreme or superior territo-
rial courts, and also such as may, by act of the
provisional Legislature of the district, be made
cognizable by such court. And the several judges
of the court are to exercise such jurisdiction as
maybe exercised by the several judges of circuit,
district, or territorial courts, or as may be con-
ferred by Congress or the provisional Legislature;
and the final judgments or decrees of the court are
to be subject to reversal, affirmation, or revision,
on appeal and writs of error, by the Supreme Court
of the United States, in like manner and to the
same extent as judgments or decrees of the circuit,
district, or territorial courts now existing are or
may be.
The President may, by proclamation or order,
establish ports of entry and delivery within the
limits of any provisional government thus author-
ized as he may deem necessary; appoint collectors
and other needed officers, who are to have the same
powers as like officers in other ports, and receive
such compensation as the President may direct,
not exceeding $1,500 per annum to any one offi-
cer, or in the aggregate $10,000 a year; and all
provisions of law relating to other ports of the
United States are tobeapplied,so far as applicable,
to the ports thus authorized.
The execution of this act, or any of its provis-
ions, may, at any time, be suspended by procla-
mation of the President of the United States; and
it is not to be held to be operative in any district
within which it may have gone into effect for a
period longer than three months from the com-
mencement of the session of Congress next suc-
ceeding the termination of the insurrection now
existing m the United States.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was in section one, line three, after the
word " of," to insert t{ any of;" so as to read,
" that whenever within the territorial limits of
any of the United States," &e.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, after the
woid " rebellion," tostrike out " except in the
States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and that
portion of the State of Virginia the inhabitants of
which now acknowledge the authority ofthe Uni-
ted States;" so that the clause will read, " that
