1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21?§
the Government after he had become known to
the officers of the United States as a defaulter in
office, and after the sureties had expressly noti-
fied the Secretary of the Interior of the fact, pro-
testing against incurring any further liability in
the case; and directs the Solicitor of the Treasury
to remit to the said sureties, as credit, the amount
of the sum of $2,500, with the interest thereon
from the date of the recovery thereof upon the
payment of the balance of said judgment by said
sureties.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentlemen from Illi-
nois whether the judge of the circuit court is not
empowered to remit penalties of this nature in such
cases; and if so, whether the proper application
has been made?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will say to the
gentleman that the circuit judge does not possess
that power. Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any
objection to this bill, I will have read the opinion
of the United States attorney who tried the case,
and also the judge before whom it was tried, rec-
ommending that the remission be made. If no
gentleman desires to have these papers read, I will
ask to have the bill put on its passage. It is to
remit a portion of a judgment for moneys placed
in the hands of this marshal after the sureties had
notified the Government that he was a defaulter,
had urged his removal, and had protested against
any more money being placed in his hands. The
judge decided that that was not a legal defense,
but recommends in a letter that the remission be
made by Congress, because there was no power
in the court to do it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask that the papers
be read.
The Clerk read the following letters:
United States District Attorney's Office,
Chicago, December 16, 1861.
Sir: At the present term or this court a judgment was
obtained in lavor of the United States, agauist the sureties
of C. U. Pine, late marshal of tins district, for the sum of
$3,795 80, being the amount on winch he was found in
ariear in his account with the United States as maishai
of this district.
Among the items which made up said arrear was a draft
for $2,500 sent to Tine by the Department on the 5th No-
vember, 1859. ltappeaied in evidence that on the 19th Oc-
tober, J859, two of the sureties, Thomas Hoyne and K. J.
Hamilton notified the Secretary ot the Interior by letter that
Pine was then $-11,000 in default, including his deficiencies
on executions and to the Government, and urgently icquest-
edthe Secretary to take some steps by requiting a new bond,
or otherwise to save them from any further loss or liability.
This letter was received, and by the answer of the Secretary
under date ofOctobei 25ih, relet rod to the Attorney General.
It is claimed by the sureties who have defended this suit,
Messrs. Hoyne, Snowhook and E S. Smith, that this sum of
$2,500, should be remitted by the Government. Thatalter
such a notice as that made on their behalf in good laith,
that no utoie money should have been sent Pine, at least
until these statements made by his sureties .had leceived
careful investigation by the Government, and that it now
appearing that the statements were correct and the Govern-
ment having chosen to remit more money to Pine without
waiting for an investigation, the Government arid not the
sureties, should be the losers.
Upon the tualof the case the judge expiessed great doubt
whether these tacts did not constitute a good defense as to
this §2,500. He doubted whethei a payment of money to
Pine after such a notice was a legal payment, bin in view of
the importance of the precedent and tta effect upon the deal-
ing5? of the Government with its agents, decided to overrule
the defense, staring, however, that in his view justice and
equity required that the sureties should not be charged witn
this amount. Under these circumstances the defendants
design to procure for the proper Department at Washington
authority to me to enter a remittitur of the sum ot $*2,500,
and have desired of me a letter expressive of my views of
the piopnety of their request being granted.
While I entertain no doubt that these facts constitute no
legal defense to the action, and was very strenuous in my
efforts to prevent any different ruling by the couit, I have
no hesitation in saying that it seems to me unfair that these
sureties should be made to suffer the loss of the $2,500 sent
to Pine so soon after a notice was received by the Secretary,
of the nature, and under the circumstances stated, and I
would recommend that upon the deposit with the clerk of
the coutt of the amount of the judgment and costs less the
said sum of $2,300— that authosity be given to me to enter
a remittitur of the saul sum of $2,500.
Very respectfully, yout obedient servant,
* EIHVIN C.LARNED,
United States District attorney.
Hon. Edward Bates, Attorney General.
United States District Attorney's Office,
Chicago. April 3, 1862.
Dear Sir : I inclose to you a copy of a letter addressed
to Hon. Edwaid Bates, Attorney General, m refetence to
the application of Mr. Hoyne to have a pan of the judgment
against himself and others as suteties of C. U. Pine, Jate
marshal of this disuict, remitted. The Attorney Geneial
has decided that he has no power to remit any part of the
Judgment, that u requires an act of Congress, and Mr. An-
noxTd has introduced an act for that purpose, which has
been referred to the Judiciary Committee.
I have seen no rea«on to change the views I expressed In
that letter. There is no doubt that the sureties are legally
bound for the whole amount, and that the facts shown in
regard to the" $2,500 constitute no legal defense. If they
did, of course this'application to Congress would have been
unnecessary; but under the circumstances of the case there
was certainly great negligence on the part of those in au-
thority, in permitting that amount of monev to be sent to
Pine so shortly before his removal from offace, and when
he was so largely in default—after the attention of the Sec-
retary of the Interior had been called to the matter, and the
sureties had so urgently represented to him the condition
of affans here, and expressed such great solicitude to have
their interests protected, it would seem just that the loss
of any money sent to Pine, after such a notice, should be
borne by the Government, and I have therefore no hesita-
tion in lecommending that the act remitting the $2,500
should be passed.
Your obedient servant, E. C. LARNED,
United States Attorney.
Hon. William Kellogg.
April 4,1862.
I concur with Mr. Lamed. At the time the money was
advanced (the $2,50u) to Pine, the Government was notified
that he was a defaulter. Of course this did not establish
the fact, but it could have been easily veiified, and it was
sufficiently nototious to all who had any knowledge of
Pine's affairs It was undoubtedly the duty of the Presi-
dent to remove him at once, as a dishonest and defaulting
officer; instead of that, an additional sum was advanced to
him against the remonstrances ot his sureties, and in de-
fiance of the charge of official delinquency made against
him- THOMAS DBUMMOND,
United States Judge.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Is it in order to ob-
ject to the consideration of that bill?
The SPEAKER. Not unless it appropriates
money. All bills not appropriating money, when
reported in the regular call of committees, are
within the control of the majority of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The history of
this case is fully set out in the bill itself as well as
in the letters which have been read. To my mind,
it is a case requiring the action of Congress to re-
lease these sureties fi ora the payment of this judg-
ment. During the pendency of the suit in Illinois,
the court determined to reject the defense,although
there was a unanimous concurrence of opinion
that it was unjust to recover this money from the
securities after they had so fully, so urgently, and
so fairly notified the Government that this mar-
shal was a defaulting officer, and urged them to
place no more money in his hands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say in refer-
ence to this bill that it is one of those cases that
sometimes occur under this Government where
the fault lies in the disbursing officers of the Gov-
ernment, and not with the sureties. Here these
men notified the Government that this marshal
was not trustworthy. There was no means by
which they could release themselves from their
obligations 011 the bond. They had no power to
prevent the Government from placing 111 his hands
this very money for which he was a defaulter,
and for which this judgment was recovered from
them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois if this was not one of the very liabil-
ities, one of the very responsibilities assumed by
the sureties when they entered into the bond?
Was it not to guard against this kind of losses, as
well as all others, that the bond was required to
1)0 executed ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all. If the offi-
cers of the Government had been honest, as they
ought to be, when they were notified by the se-
curities that this marshal was a defaulter, and that
money should notbe given him, they would have
investigated the matter, and not placed money in
his hands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Right here I desire to repeat
the question, whether this is not one of the various
descriptions of defalcation against which it is the
duty of the Government to protect itself, and
whether it is not one of the responsibilities assumed
by the sureties upon the terms of the bond?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman now
comes back to very nearly the point upon which
the judgment of the court in this case was ren-
dered. Technically, they are responsible; equit-
ably, they are not. It is unjust to demand this
money of the securities when, if the officers of the
Government had acted on the notification made
to them, and withheld the advancement of money
to this man until an investigation had been made,
this claim would nothave arisen, it was certainly
the duty of the officers of the Government, when
the fact came to their knowledge that this man
was a defaulter, to give him no more money. But
instead of doing that, instead of turning out the
untrustworthyofficer, a corrupt Administration
and corrupt officers placed more money in' his
hands, and allowed him still further'tp defraud the
Government and defraud his securities.
That, sir, is this case, and that is all there is
of it. If the officers of the Government had per-
formed their duty this default woufd not have
occurred. You make the sureties in these cases,
by the construction you seek toplaee upon
responsible for the honesty of the officers of the
Government here, and responsible for the •h©n-
esty of the officers for whom they give, security.
That is the effect of it. The gentleman from In-
diana is perfectly correct, technically.. The court
decided that technically the sureties were respons-
ible for the paynrent of this money, and the judg-
ment of the court was accordingly rendered. But
Judge Drummond, one of the bestand purest men
in the State of Illinois, expressed the opinion that,
inasmuch as it was the fault of the officers of the
Government at Washington that the default was
permitted to occur, the sureties ought not to be
required to pay the amount. That is the whole
of this case; nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a word in relation to this matter of
good faith between the Government, its officer,
and his surety. Certainly there is a legal obliga-
tion on the part of the security for the faithful
performance of the duty of the principal, and when
that obligation is assumed on the part of the se-
curity, there is also an obligation taken on the
part of the Government, that while the surety acts
in good faith to the Government the Government
shall also act in good faith toward the surety. I
ask whether there is any gentleman here who
will deny that it is the part of the Governmentto
act in good faith toward the surety, so far as tha
principal is concerned?
How stand the facts in this case? These sure-
ties saw that the principal was squandering tha
public money, that he was faithless to his trust,
that he was a defaulter; and, true to their duty as
citizens of the United States and as sureties, tftey
notified the Government of the defalcation of the
principal. Nay, more; they did more than that.
They urged the Government to remove him, so
that the Government should not suffer further de-
falcation and loss at his hands; arid they urged if
he were not removed that, at least, no more money-
should be intrusted to his keeping to be squan-
dered. In every way they sought to impress the
Government with the fact that he had squandered
money and was a defaulter. Notwithstanding all
this, the Government still peisisted in putting
money into the hands of this man who was a
known defaulter, and who had been palpably dere-
lict in the perfoi mance of his. duty to the Gov-
ernment. On their port what more could the sure-
ties have done ? What more ought they to havo
done? It cannot be doubted, I think, that they
were not wanting in discharging every obligation
imposed upon them. And will gentlemen stand
here and say, when the sureties have acted in good
faith, that the Government should take advantage
of its own negligence; that the Government should
permit the defaulting officer to continue his defal-
cations in order that they might be recovered most
unjustly from honorable and faithful sureties? It
is too monstrous an injustice to expect that this
House will sanction it.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. The gentleman has
asked what more could these sureties do? I will
ask the gentleman in return whether the statute
does not provide means by which the sureties in
such cases may relieve themselves from liability?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not to my knowl-
edge,sir. Iknowofnonesuch. I apprehend that
the gentleman can find no such provision. The only
means open to them, as good citizens and faithful
sureties, was to step in and inform the Government
of the fact that their principal was a defaulter,
which they promptly did. If the Government then
persisted upon placing money in the hands of a
known defaulter when the sureties had protested
against it, is it fair, is it acting 111 good faith toward
these sureties, when they have not failed in the dis-
charge of their duty, to put our hands into their
pockets and take the amount of money which was
wrongfully placed in the.hands of this officer and
for which he is a defaulter? I think not. These
securities have acted in good faith.
Now, what has the Government done? The
officers of the Government were bound to see, not
