1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12i§
salary for this officer. I think $3,000 is suffi-
cient.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. This will be one
of the most important bureaus in the whole Gov-
ernment, and I dunk $3,000 is not perhaps a suf-
ficiently large compensation. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the compensation
$4*000.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope
neither of the amendments will be agreed to. If
there is any policy which is thoroughly humbug
in my judgment, it is the reduction of the salaries
of public officers. The idea of hiring a poor man
because you can get him cheap is a policy which
no man pursues in his private business. The
whole policy of employing public officers at small
salaries is, in my judgment, a humbug policy.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not tlunk
that there has been more truth uttered in so few
words in a long time as in those which have fallen
from the lips of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. The idea of saving money without requiring
the highest talent is ratfter the way of spending
money. I look upon the head of this department
or bureau as etjtfal to any in the Government for
responsibility, and as requiring a man of as high
qualifications and high talents as the position of
the Secretary of State or any other Cabinet office.
[ hope, therefore, the bill will stand as it is in
this regard, and that the salary of this Commis-
sioner shall remain at $5,000 per annum, so that
we may get a fit man, who may perhaps have to
leave a large business. For a good man we ought
to provide adequate compensation.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected; and then the
amendment was also rejected.
Mr. MORllILL, of Vermont. I move to add
to the first section these words:
Anil the piiviluge of franking all letters and document*
pertaining to the duties of his office, and of receiving free
of po- ta<re all such letters and documents is hereby ex-
tended to the said Commissioner.
Of course, Mr. Chairman, while the franking
privilege is extended to the other officers of the
Government, at the head of various departments,
it would be an absurdity to deprive this officer
of it, who will probably need it more than any
other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPJELLABARGER. I move to strike out
the words " he may deem necessary or;"so that
the section will read:
And the Secietary of the Treasury may assign to the
office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue such num-
ber of cleiks as the exigencies of the public service ma\
require.
Mr. Chairman, there seems to be two limita-
tions upon the number of clerks which may be
assigned to this depai tment. One is such misii-
bei as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem
necessary, and the other is such number as the
exigency of the public service may require. One
would seem to give an unlimited discretion to the
Secretary of the Treasury, while the other con-
fines it to the number required by the exigencies
of the service. It seems to me that the intention
of the committee is accomplished by having the
bill provide that he can only hove such number
as the exigencies of the public service may re-
quire. My amendment will take away what ap-
pears to be an unlimited discretion as to the num-
ber. No doubt the intention of the committee was
that only the number should be provided required
by the public service. My amendment best car-
ries out that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman thinks that
his amendment will be a better guard on the pro-
vision leaving the department to the discretion of
the Secietary of the Treasury, I have no objec-
tion to it. 1 have confidence m the Secretin y of
the Treasury; and I think that he would not as-
sign too many cleiks. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is from the gentleman's own State, and he
may know him better than I do; and \ therefoie
agree to his amendment.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER. I have as much con-
fidence in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury as the gentleman from Pennsylvania—
as much confidence in him as if he came from the
> State of Pennsylvania, and no more. I think that
11 is proper in all cases where power is conferred
upon officers to guard them carefully. It is wise
legislation to do so. We ought to endeavor al-
ways to throw proper guards around every one
intrusted with important powers.
The amendment was rejected; only twenty-five
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to strike
out the woids, "an assessor andj" so that the
section would read:
Sec. 2. ^nd he if further enacted. That for the purpose of
assessing, levying, and collecting the duties or taxes herein-
after pie'scnbed by thus act. the President of the United
State* be, and he is heieby, authoiized to divide, respect-
ively, the States and Teintoues of the United States and
the Disuict of Columbia into convenient collection dis-
tiictSj and to nominate, and by and with the advice and
conscnt of the Senate, to appoint a collector for each such
distuct, &c.
I do that for the purpose of hearing from the
committee the reasons that have induced them to
provide for an assessor in this bill. I have looked
through the bill carefully, and I have failed to dis-
cover any sufficient reason for the appointment of
an assessor. The whole duty of collecting this
revenue may as well be devolved upon the col-
lector as to have an assessor. By doing away with
the assessors—if it can be done—we may make a
saving of several millions of dollars in the collec-
tion of this revenue. So far as my experience
goes, I have never known in any State where
there has been provision fixing the collection of
license taxes and taxes such as are provided in
this bill, that it was customary to provide for an
assessor. There are no duties to be discharged
by an assessor under this bill which cannot as
well be discharged by the collector. In the case
of taxes upon malt and spirituous liquors, it is
provided that they shall be paid directly into the
hands of the collector, without the intervention of
an assessor. Those taxes being paid monthly,it
would be impossible to require of the assessor,
and have performed every month, the service of
going through the formula of assessment and re-
turning an account. I therefoie make the sug-
gestion to the committee, and I desire to hear
from the members of the Committee of Ways and
Means the reasons which have induced them to
provide for these assessors. So far as I have been
able to discover, I see no necessity whatever for
their appointment. There are no duties for them
to pciform which cannot as well be performed by
the collectors. By dispensing with these assessors,
three or four millions of dollars may be saved to
the Government. If it can be done, then it ought
to be done. I suggest the amendment for the
serious consideration of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if the
gentleman wili look through the bill, he will dis-
cover that no money can be saved by this piocess.
This labor has to be done by some one, and the
pay of the assessor is so much per diem. If it is
done by the collectors, of course an equal amount
of money will have to be paid by the Government.
In a bill for the collection of so large an amount
of revenue it is important to hold the collectors to
a riflid account of the taxescoming into their pos-
session. These assessors make out lists, give them
to the collectors, and take a receipt therefor, and
they will have to return the same totheCommis-
sionerof Internal Revenue. That makes apeifect
check upon the whole system. If wo desire to
save money, I think that it can be done in this
way, and not by doing away with assessors.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. There is a sug-
gestion about this which 1 desire to make some
tune, and to ask the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to it. I be-
lieve it is strictly in order on tins proposition, and
therefore I make it now. Of course, it is desirable,
it we can, to dispense with all of these officeis,
and if we cannot dispense with all of them, then
to dispense with as many as w can; and I want
to diiect the attention of the committee to this
question, whether we can ingraft upon this bill a
provision the effect of which will be to give to the
States the opportunity of coming forward and
binding themselves to collect and pay over these
imposts by means of their own officers and tax-
collecting instrumentalities? I know that we can-
not impose that duty upon them. That question
was discussed here last summer at theextraoidi-
naiy session. I am aware of that, and make this
suggestion with a knowledge of the fact that if we
otlei them this proposition they have a right to re-
it ct it. We cannot impose upon their officers to
collect these imposts; but what I desire to present
is whether, if we were to say in this bill that any
State might, on or before a certain day, pledge its
faith, give its bond, place its obligation in some
form, that by the instrumentality of the assessors
and collectors of that State, these imposts would be
well collected and paid over to this Government,'
I ask whether by such a provision as that in the bill
we should not either certainly do, or have the op-
portunity probably of doing, a thing which would,
be practically a great improvement to the bill, and
diminish very far the objections to it? These taxes
will be onerous, but I think not so onerousas the
mode in which they are to be gathered. No army
that ever marched through the country was more
hated than that array provided for in this bill, and
which is to go around and do the offices under it.
I have not the proposition in a form to present.
I desire to vote for this bill, and I desire to vote
for it m the best form in which it can be put. I
do not present my proposition now, but only call
the attention of the committee to it.
Mr. ELIOT. I have before me one or two ad-
ditional sections, which I propose to offer at the
proper time, and also a proviso to this section
which I should like to have read. I agree with
the gentleman fully that this is a very important
proposition,and that it is desirable that we should,
as far as may be possible, ingraft a provision upon
this bill to enable and authorize the States to col-
lect within themselves and by their own officers,
the taxes imposed by this bill. I think that should
be done; at any rate, it is worth trying.
The Clerk read the amendments suggested by
Mr. Eliot, as follows:
At the end of the second section, add the following:
Jhxd provided further, That the provisions of this section
shall not apply to any State the Governor whereof shall
officially cause* it to be notified to the President that such
State will, pursuant to the terms of this act hereinafter set
foith, cause to be duly assessed, collected,-and paid over,
the duties and taxes prescribed by this act.
Add at the end ot the bill the following, as additional
sections :
Sec. Ill. •And he it farther enacted, That any State shall
have the light to cause to be assessed, collected, and paid
into the Treasury of the United States, all the duties and
taxes presenbed by this act, and which would otherwise be
assessed, collected, and paid ovet by the assessors, collect-
or, and othei ofticeisafoie^aid, by assessors and collectors
and othei officer* appointed or chosen within said State
for assessment and collection of State taxes : Provided,
That the Legislatuie ot such State shall by law deteimine
<•0 to do ; Jlnd pioi ulcd further, That the Governor of such
State shall notify the President of the United States of such
determination puorto the 1st day of May next. And each
and cveiy State assuming as aforesaid to assess, collect,
and pay into the Treasury of the United States the duties
and taxes prescribed by this act, shall be responsible to the
United States for the due and faithful performance of all
ami singula! I lie obligations so assumed, and for the prompt
and full payment of all moneys collected at the same time
and m the same manner provided in this act for such as-
sessment, collection, and payment, by the seveial officers
tliemn named.
Sec. 112. *dnd he it further enacted, That whenever offi-
cial notice shall be given as aforesaid, by tlie Governor
of any State that the Lcgi-datine ol such State has duly
detoi mined to a-Mtme the obligations afoiesaid, the Gov-
emoi of-uch State shall have authontj to declaie bypioc-
lauiation that the seveial officers within the State clmiged
In law with the duties of at^e^s-mp and collecting State
rave*, ot who shall be appointed puisuant to the provisions
ol anv law of such State to discharge the duties of assess-
or and collectors afoiesaid, shall have full power and au-
tbouty to do and perfoim alt a on and things in the prem-
ises. in making a^esMnents and collecting the same, which
the seveial a^c-sors and collector shall or can have by
foicr of the piovi-nons of this act: Provided always, That
the faith of the State assuming the obligations aforesaid,
shall be deemed to be theieby pledged to the United States*
lor the enactment and enfoieemeiit of all needful laws to
secure piompt and full asse^ment, collection, and payment
of all duties and taxes leviable and collectable from the
said State, and the inhabitants and property theieof, pursu-
ant to the piovision-, of this act; and from the moneys col-
leetpd and p.ud over monthly or from time to time, as may
be requited by the Commissions* ot Internal Revenue, there
shall be allowed to such State, and deducted at said time,
the sum ol  —percent., which shall be ui full compen-
sation loi all laboi and re.-ponsibihty m the premises.
During the reading: of the above amendments,
Mr. RICHARDSON said: I rise to a question of
order. I mquiie whether that amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is germane to the
section of the bill now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN The amendments are only
being read for information.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the Chair decide
that section one hundred and twelve is germane
to section two?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments now
being road propose a different mode of appoint-
ment of assessors and collectors from that pro-
vided for by the bill. The amendments are not
now offered, but are only read as part of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
