198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
if in this rebellion slavery shall get many hard
knocks, let it take them, and if it should receive
its death-blow, I shall be no mourner at its fu-
neral. I am no lover of slavery. I wish gentlemen
to understand that. But I have a regard for the
compromises our forefathers made. This Union
could never have been formed if it had not been
for the generous compromises which the founders
of our Government made. I am willing to stand
„by those compromises. I want no better Gov-
ernment for me and for my children than that
which our fathers handed down to us. I am will-
ing that slavery shall have the same protection
now that it was ever constitutionally entitled to.
I want to give it no more. 1 think that my votes
on this floor vindicate my reputation from any
such insinuation as that made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. As to slavery, I stand on
the Chicago platform, on the principles enunci-
ated by the President in his inaugural, on the re-
peated and almost unanimous declarations of this
House, and 1 trust that I shall not be moved from
my position by the wild tempest of passion that
surrounds me.
One word now in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] He thinks the Jastday
is come; tlrat this is the day of judgment; that the
tares must now be burned. Well, 1 believe in him
neither as prophet, priest, or king. If he be a tiue
prophet, let him call down the fires of heaven to
consume his sacrifice; and if the fires com^, I will
believe in him, but not till then. He undertakes
to interpret God's providence; butlthink he had
better humiliate himself before God, than under-
take to he the interpreter of His providence.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on resuming the floor.
I forego any leply to anything that has been said,
as I want to get a bill before the House which
ought to pass to-day. I ask the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table
Mr. COa. On that I ask for th e yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs*. Joseph Baity, Diddle, Fiancis P. Blair,
Jacob B. Blair, Geoige II. Biowne, Cobb, Coinvay, Corn-
ing, Cox, Cravens, Outfield, Crittenden, Delano," Divcn,
Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Fisher, Goodwin, Gianger.Gn-
df-r, Uaight, Hanchett, Hanison, Iloiton, Knapp, Law,
JL«iz'*ar, Leai v, Mallory, M.iynaid, Menzies, Moiris, Nixon,
Noble, Noell, rendlcton, Peiry, Timothy G I'help*, Iiich-
ard.-on, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Smith, Joliu
B. Steele, William G. Steele. Suation, Fiancis Thomas,
Upton, Vallaudighiun, Wadr-wortb, Ward, Whaley, Chilton
A. White, YViekhffe, Woodiulf, and Wright—-57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldueh, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
Reuman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bnfiintoti,
Campbell, Cliumberlin,Clark, Colfax, Ficdcnck A. Conk
ling, Ro-eoe Conkling, Cooper, Covode, Davis. Dawes,
Dudl, Eliot, Fenion, Fe^euden, Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch,
Gtuley, Hale, Hickman, Ilutchm^, Julian, Kelle\, Fiancis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Landing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKcan, McKmght, McPhcrson, Mitchell, Anion P.Moi-
rill, Justin S. Mornll, JVoiton, Patton, Pike, Pomcioy, Por-
ter, Potter, John fl. llico, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sat-
eennt, Sedgwick, Shanks Sherman,Slitcl, Sloan, Stevens,
Benjamin F. Thoma«, Trimble, Tiowbudge, Vandever,
Vail Horn, Van Valkcnbuigh, Verioe, Wall, Wallace,
Charles W. Walton, E. P Walton, Washburne, Whoeioi,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Worcetitei—77.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. GIUDER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harding, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was, first, on Mr.
Richardson's amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will strike out that part of his
amendment "if compatible with the public inter-
ests," as it is not in accoidance with the rule.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is in accordance with
the other part of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Bail>, Haxtei, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob li. Blair, Blake,,Bufiinton. Cnl,b. Cooper, Coining'
Cox, CriffieW, D2l3.no, fisher. Prank, Gootfwin, Gndcr,
Hale, Holman, Julian, William Kellogg, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Lehman, McKean, Maynard, Menzies, Mori is,
Noble, Noell, Norton, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Richard-
son, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Shiel, Smith, William G.
Steele, Stratton, Upton, Wad-worth, E. P. Walton, Ward,
Whalcy, Chilton A. White, Wickliffc, and Wright—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Baker, Cea-
man, Ciddle, Bingham, Samuel S. iilasr, George U
Diowne, Campbell, Chambeiim, Claik, Col Tax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Ro-coe Conkling, Conway, Cravens, Ciit-
tenden, Davis, Dawe*, Diven," Dudl, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
waid-*, Eliot, Fenton, Fessendcn, Francliou Gooch, Gran-
ger, Gui ley, Ilaighl, Ilanchetl, Harrison, Ilickman, Hooper,
Horton, iiurchiusj, Kelley, Fiancis W Kellogg, Lansing,
Learv, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, Aus?on I'. Mornll,
Justin S. iMoirillj Nixon, Timothy G. Plielp<, Pike, Poni-
froy, Poiter, Potter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Saigcant, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shcinian, Sloan, John IS. Steele,
Stevens, Beninmm F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, V'andever, Van Iloiti, Van Valkenburgh, Ver
ico, Wall, Wallace, Chailes W. Walton. Washburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—81.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. HARRISON stated that Mr. Shellabar-
ger was detained at home by illness in his family.
Mr. SPAULDING asked leave to vote, (he
having been absent on a committee when his name
was called.)
Mr. RICHARDSON objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending 30th June, 1863; when the Speaker
signed the same.
Mr. PERRY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
battle or ball's BLUFF again.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messi<?. Aldtich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buttin-
t<>n, Campbell, Chaiubeihn, Claik, Colfax, Fiedenck A.
Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Covode, Davis,
Dawes, J)udl. Edwaid?., Eliot, Fenton, Fessendcn, Fran-
c-hot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley, Hale, Ilickman,
Hooper, Hutcluns, Julian, Kelloy, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lan«mg, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKean,
MePhcrson, Mitchell, Anson P. Mornll, Ju&tm S. Mornll,
Olm, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, Potter,
John II Rice. Riddle, Edward FT. Rolims, Saigeant, Sedg-
wick, Shan'v.-, Sherman, Sloan. Spaulding, Stevens, Ben-
jamin F. Thoma--, Tumble, Trowbiidge, Vandever, Van
Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Vcrreo, Wall, Wallace, Chailes
W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, WiKon, Wmdom, and Woree>tei—79.
NAYS—Mos>i«. Joseph Bailv, Biddle, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob I! Blait, George II. Bunvne, Cobb, Coining, Cox,
Cravens, Cnslield, Cuttonden, Delano, Diven, Dunlap,
Dunn, Fisher, Giansrer. Glider, Ilaight, Ilanchett, Hani-
son, Holman, Hoiton, Law, Lcaty, Lehman, Mclvnlght,
Malloty. Maj naul, Menzies, Mouis, Nixon, Noble, Pen-
dleton, Pen v, Poiter, Richaidson. Robinson, James S. Rol-
lins, Sheflield, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiatton, Francis Thomas, Upton, Vallandigham, Wads-
woith, Ward, Chilton A. Wliite, Wickliffe, Woodiuff, and
Wi ight—54.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iowa contested election.
Mr. COX. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
I hold in my hand certain papeis in the case of
the Iowa contested election, which I ask to have
printed, and referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The papers were accordingly referred, and or-
dered to be printed.
virginia contested election.
Mr. DAWES also pi 'esented certain papers in
the case of Mr. Segar, claiming to repiesent the ;
firstcongressionaldistrictof Virginia; which were !
icferred to the Committee of Elections, and or- i
dcred to be printed. j
adjudication of war claims. j
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I desire the consent of the
House to offer a resolution directed to the Com-
mittee on die Judiciary; and then I should like
the_ attention of the House for a moment to ex- j
plain the necessity of immediate legislation upon
the subject. I propose to offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
foi the effect of the decisions of the board of commiss-ioneis
now organized by order of the Prudent to settle and adju-
dicate upon claims aeamstthe United States growing out
of the niilitaty opeiatiom and contracts made at St. Louis
or elsewheie, by the commander in-chief of the western
division, or other officeror agent of the Government.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received by the House.
Mr. W1CKUFFE. If the House will allow
me, I will explain the reason why I offer that res-
olution. It is known,! suppose, to everyone that
at this time there is a commission holding its ses-
sions in St. Louis to judge of the amount of the
liabilities of the United States growing out of cer-
tain contiacts, made more particularly in that
locality, but perhaps also in other portions of the
country. The authority of this commission is by
authority of the President of the United States.
Their decision, when in favor of the claimants,
will, I suppose, be adopted and the claims paid;
but when the decision is in whole or in part against
the claimant, it will be in his option to present his
claim here and continue it before us for all time
to come. Now, the object I have in view is that
the Judiciary Committee shall report a bill pro-
viding by law that when these ad judications shall
be reported to the President and approved by him,
they shall be taken as final upon the subject, and
shall preclude the claimants from any further pros-
ecution of their claims; otherwise Congress will
be annoyed for half a century to settle these un-
settled claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
the resolution by inserting after the word " con-
tracts" the words " prior to the 14th of October
last."
I will explain my object in offering the amend-
ment m a single word. The only contracts brought
in question in Missouri wore those made pnoi to
that time. This commission were appointed to
examine contracts made prior to that time, and I
do not wish the western department to be placed
upon a different footing from the other portions of
the Army as to contracts which are now being
made or disbursements which are made there. I
do not desire to have it imposed upon our people
m addition to making contracts that the contract-
ors shall be compelled to go before this commis-
sion before they can get their pay. Let them be
p-laced under the same regulations with the other
portions of the Army.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not know that the
jurisdiction of the commission was confined to
contracts of a particular date, nor did I know what
was the limit in respect to these contiacts. My
object is to put all the claims which shall be acted
on by this commission where they will not have
to come up for readjudication.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This resolution, as I
understand it, is merely one directing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to inquire into the expe-
diency of the proposed legislation. I suppose
they may be very safely trusted with the matter,
and I see no object in discussing it at this time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
TARIFF.
Mr, STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House to report from the Committee of "Ways and
Means a joint lesolution explanatory of an act
entitled "An act to increase the dutyon tea, cof-
fee, and sugar," approved December 24, 1861.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that resolution
is to go to tho Committee of the Whole on the
state uf the Union, I have no objection to its in-
troduction. Otherwise I object. We passed the
bill which this is to explain without an hour's
consideration, and if this is to be put through
under the previous question, we shall probably
have to pass another explaining this.
Mr. STEVENS. I move,then, to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the bill and
considering: it at this time.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted theiefor.
The joint resolution was then introduced, and
read a first and second lime.
