1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
The Clerk then resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the amendments.
Mr.RO^OE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
from casual conversation with gentlemen around
me, I see that the proposition which i presented,
and which is, I should think, in very good form
in the amendments presented by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, is misapprehended by some
members of the House; and now, in a very few
words, I want to state distinctly, if I can, pre-
cisely my ideas upon this subject. It is, of course,
impossible to provide in this bill that the States
may assume each one its quota of taxation. That
every body will agree to upon amoment's reflection.
At the extra session, when we were laying a di-
rect tax, that could be done, because it could be
determined how much of that tax would belong
to each State. But-this bill proposes the collec-
tion of internal duties, and that renders it impos-
sible to predict or to foretell, by any process,
how much of the sum total will belong to a given
State, because the articles to be taxed are not fixed
as land is fixed.
The House will see, therefore, that my idea and
the idea of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
not at all to allow each State to assume its portion
of this total amount; for the reason, as I say, that
the unknown element is so great that its propor-
tions can never be determined; but the proposi-
tion is, to substitute for Federal instrumentalities
the instrumentalities of the States, for the pur-
pose of laying and collecting the identical imposts
provided in this bill.
Mr. OLIN. I suggest that the one mode of col-
lecting these taxes would be just as offensive and
quite as expensive as the other. I would ask my
colleague whether he proposes to return to the
practice of the old Confederacy, instead of levying
and collecting taxes in the mode prescribed by the
Federal Constitution?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I answer my col-
league, in the first place, that I am surprised that
a gentleman of lus thought and as good a lawyer
as he is, should make that suggestion. Let us
look at it for a moment. The great difference in
this regard between the old Confederacy and the
present Government is, that the Confederacy had
no power whatever to do what this bill proposes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order. lie is not discussing the bill. He is dis-
cussing the difference between the old Confederacy
and our present Government. I make the point
of order, and I will reduce his language to writing
if necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide the
point of order if the gentleman will reduce it to
writing.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not think
the gentleman from Illinois will seriously persist
in his point of order, when I say to him that my
purpose is to show that we have the power by an
amendment of this section to do precisely what I
propose. The point is made upon me that we
cannot exercise the power in this way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will'not ask
the gentleman from Illinois to reduce the words
to which he objects to writing. The Chair over-
rules the point of order upon the ground that the
second section of the bill provides that these offi-
*cers shall be appointed by the President of the
United States. The gentleman from New York
suggests that another and a bettor way may be
devised, to which point he is speaking. The
Chair, therefore, thinks that his remarks are ger-
mane to the pending section of the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My argument is
precisely that suggested by the Chair, that there
is a better mode of collecting these taxes, and a
mode which never could have been suggested un-
der the Articles of Confederation, and for the rea-
son that we have powers which the Government
under those Articles of Confederation lacked.
I was about to say, Mr. Chairman, that the
mode which I suggest is, it seems to me, a com-
petent and adequate mode, and not open at all to
the criticism of my colleague; and for the reason
that under the Articles of Confederation Congress
had no power beyond requesting theStates to con-
tribute, and they had not the power to enforce col-
lection. Under the Constitution we have thepower
to lay taxes upon the property of the country; we
have the power to collect these taxes; we have
also the power to submit to the States the alterna-
tive of either collecting them themselves, or else
enduring their collection by Federal instrumental-
ities. We have not the power—and now 1 come
to the distinct point made by my colleague—to im-
pose upon the States the collection of these taxes.
That was the point made with reference to the fu-
gitive slave law of 1793, which imposed upon jus-
tices of the peace in the States certain duties. The
point was made, which my colleague has in view
now, that Congress had not the constitutional
power to impose upon State officials any duties
whatever, and the Supreme Court said, after great
deliberation, and said it in the days of the great
Chief Justice, that although Congress had not the
power to impose those duties upon State officials,
yet an act imposing them was constitutional, be-
cause if they saw fit to execute them, they were
well executed, and no objection could be taken to
it. Apply that to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] if, under his
amendment, we offer to the States the privilege of
collecting these taxes, we provide for their collec-
tion, because we follow up that offer which we
make with a provision that if they do not choose
voluntarily to lay, collect,and pay over the taxes,
we will proceed to do it ourselves. Well, then,
*ny colleague's objection, that we are going back
to the predicament of the old Continental Con-
gress, vanishes. He loses sight of the fact that
we all the time retain in the bill the power to col-
lect the taxes in case the States do not choose vol-
untarily to assume their collection.
Assuming that 1 have answered my colleague's
first point, he says, in the second place, that if
we put into the hands of the States the collection
of these taxes, we put in operation a system as
hateful as that proposed in this bill. I say, no;
and for these two reasons among others: m the
first place, each State, as best it may, in the most
economical mode and that least offensive to its
own citizens, will collect these taxes, and there-
fore it is not true that the machinery will be as
hateful as what Mr. Jefferson called a great cen-
tral power; it is not true that when each locality
elects its own assessor to be charged with addi-
tional duties to those which he ordinarily performs,
it is exposed to a system as offensive as that of
having sent over if. a traveling tax gatherer of the
Federal Government.
However, I admit that that is more a matter of
feeling than of substance. But my colleague [Mr.
Olix] says that the process will be as expensive
as it is now. 1 say it will not, and for the reason
that each State may pay to its tax assessors and
collectors a commission justas small asit pleases;
and if any State, or if all the States can manage
to have these taxes gathered for comparatively
nothing, then they save the whole expense pro-
vided for here.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. And there is no new
machinery needed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Precisely. There
is no new machinery; and there is every reason
to believe that the self-imposed mode of gathering
taxes, which I prefer, would be far more econom-
ical to the States than this machinery can be made.
We know that it would, in some cases, because
we know that if a uniform rate of compensation
were adequate in some cases, it is more than ade-
quate in others. In other words, we know that it
is far more labor in some districts to lay and col-
lectagiven amount of taxation than itis in others.
Certainly we are quite warranted in saying that if
we permit each State to assume the collection of
its taxes m its own way it is more than likely
that it will adopt a far more economical mode than
this of transacting the business.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask for whose benefit is this saving to be—
that of the State or of the United States?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That suggestion
is a very proper and a very pregnant one; and per-
haps the most appropriate answer to it is that that
would depend entirely on the particular provision
of the bill—that being a consequence altogether
uncontrollable. If the amendment is in one form,
the saving would be to the United States; if in an-
other form, it would be a premium offered to each
State for its diligence and alacrity in collecting and
paying these taxes. In either form it is a saving,
more or less, to somebody, who ought to be re-
garded in this transaction.
Mr.SHELLA BARGER. I favor the proposed
amendment; but there is a difficulty presented to
my mind which I am exceedingly anxious should
be removed. The difficulty which I apprehend
is this: what kind of control can the Federal au-
thority retain over the fidelity and impartiality of
the assessors appointed under State authority?
What supervision does the amendmeut propose
to retain over the assessors and collectors ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio embraces, no doubt,
two liabilities to the danger that he speaks of:
first, a want of faith on the part of individual
States themselves; and second, a want of faith in
the officers to be employed to gather these taxes.
First, then, as to the fidelity of the States them-
selves. The answer which I shall make to the
gentleman is this: that if we adopt an amendment
of this sort, we should, of course, hedge it around
with those safeguards and securities that would
exclude, to all practical purposes, that part of the
danger which he apprehends. To illustrate what
I mean: suppose the States are required to give
their bonds and to pledge their faitn for the exe-
cution of this law, minutely specifying the partic-
ulars in which they shall themselves take the
responsibility, the labor, and the difficulty of col-
lecting. Do we not then guard, as far as we do
by the present bill, against a nefarious disposition
on the part of the States as States?
Then, as to the gentleman's second source of
doubt on this point, which I take to be that the
officials, being State officials, and interested in the
State, would be partial, or if not partial, that they
would be unfaithful, and superficial in their scru-
tiny, so that a part of the taxable property of the
State would escape. That, I presume, is more par^
ticularly the objection of my friend from Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Both.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I submit to
the gentleman from Ohio and to the committee,
whether it is likely to add to the fidelity or effi-
ciency of a given number of men taken fiom the
State of Ohio, that they are appointed by the Pres-
ident, with the advice or consent of the Senate,
rather than appointed by the State authorities,
elected, or designated by the levy courts, taking
the various modes of designating tax officers that
prevail in the States and Territories. I think not.
I think that a thousand men in the State of Ohio,
appointed to execute this law, would be no more
faithful because they are appointed under it, than
those same thousand men would be if they were
elected as officers of the State. And to carry the
argument one step further, I think it no more
likely that the General Government will select a
given number of citizens of a State, of any higher
character, of any fitter capacity, of any more as-
sured qualifications for the purpose,than the State
itself, or the people of the locality would be likely
to hit upon, in the way which ihey resort to for
the collection of their own taxes.
It will be remembered that every town, every
school district, as well as every county and every
large division of a State has now a deep interest
in preserving the impartiality and the equality of
assessment and collection of taxes. That leads,
of itself, to a scrutiny, to avoid dishonesty and
mistake with reference to State taxation, which
would all the time bo a self-adjusting check, a self-
working guarantee and guard against the danger
which the gentleman suggests. It seems to me,
therefore, that his idea as to the danger to be in-
curred by the States, and his idea as to the re-
missness that there might be on the part of the
officers to be elected or appointed m the States, are
entirely met.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I know that there are con-
siderations of practical convenience, which can
readily be suggested, in opposition to the scheme
that is proposed. I know that some changes in the
different sections of this bill would be necessary;
and I know that in some of the States the scheme
may fail entirely. I cannot forget that the gen-
tlemen by whom this measure is brought forward
have bestowed upon it mature deliberation, and
have used their best effous to divest it of ail its
offensive features. I therefore submit, by way of
suggestion merely, not venturing to be confident
in it at all, that it would be a great point gained
if we can, in some way, put it within the power
of the States, by a practical and early payment
of these taxes, to avoid the march of this army
of officeholder, and to put into the hands of
their officers the collection of these taxes. For
this purpose, if feasible, we ought to offer induce-
ments in the form of discount, providing that in
