1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
case the taxes be paid by a certain day a certain
percentage will be deducted; and if not paid till
a later day, then a lessdiscount; in short, that we
shall in every way hold out to the States all the
opportunities of escaping what will be unques-
tionably the most odious feature of this bill.
Mr. OLIN. I will endeavor, if the committee
will listen to me for a few moments, to make my-
self understood in regard to the objection which
I have to the proposition of my colleague. I
think it obvious to every man who has cast his
eye over this bill, that a certain amount of ma-
chinery is necessary for the collection of the taxes
by the General Government. I need not enumer-
ate the thousand subjects that are to be liable to
taxation. The system of taxation adopted ill this
bill is as entirely distinct from anything now ex-
isting in any State of the Union, to my knowl-
edge, as it is possible to conceive. The gentle-
man, as I understand him, proposes by this
change, not to destroy that machinery at all, nor
to allow the State to collect the taxes according
to its own machinery. That of course is not his
idea, because every man sees that it is imprac-
ticable. Therefore, the machinery requisite to
collect this tax must be put ill operation. But the
suggestion is that the State should assume to
create and manage that machinery by officers
appointed under State authority and collect the
taxes in the mode provided under this bill, in-
stead of the General Government undertaking to
create that machinery and put it in motion for the
collection of the tax.
Now, I will say in reference to the reply in-
geniously made by my colleague—and as he is
my particular friend, 1 will say a little disinge-
nuously towards mo—to my remark that this is
returning from the plan of the Federal Constitu-
tion to that of the old Confederacy, that I meant
by that remark nothing more thanthis: that it
was surrendering the power of the General Gov-
ernment to collecttaxes through its own forms and
through its own instrumentalities to the State au-
thorities, and that if that were the fact, it would,
to that extent, be a return from the Constitution
to the plan of the old Confederacy.
I did not intend to state, nor did I state, that
the General Government might not say to a State,
" if you choose to assume the responsibility of
collecting these taxes, and will do so, very well;
but if you do not choose to do so, we will set in
operation our Federal machinery, and collect our
own taxes;" but this is the point I make, and I
think the House will' see it in a moment. Sup-
pose we should enact a provision that if any State
should see fit to create the necessary machinery
and officers for the collection of these taxes, it
might do so, and that that machinery should take
the place of that designated in the bill to be put
in motion by the Federal Government; and fur-
ther, that if "they do not succeed in doing that, by
and by the General Government would enforce, as
soon as practicable, the collection of the taxes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If my colleague
will yield for a moment, I wish to say that lie has
reached now, as he did once before, the precise
point in which he misapprehends both the prop-
osition made by me and that made by the gentle-
mail from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.] I do not
propose at all, and I do not understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts on my right pro-
poses to have a provision in this bill offering to a
State the privilege of appointing officers—no such
thing at all. I propose to leave untouched in the
bill the power of the President to appoint these
officers; but I propose then to ingraft upon the bill
a provision that before they are appointed—the
time being fixed—we should give to each State
the opportunity of stepping forward with its own
machinery that is already there, and say " we will
take the difficulties and chances and responsibil-
ities of collecting these taxes,'' and that if they
do say it, they shall be permitted to try the expei-
iment—not to appoint these1 officers; 1 do not say
that, nor do I say that a State shall be allowed to
assume that portion of the taxes that shall fall
upon them. On the contrary, my whole proposi-
tion is that the States shall be permitted, with the
officers that they have now or which they shall
have at the time when we shall lay these imposts,
to collect the taxes precisely as the Government
officers would do, all the time preserving to the
Government the right of appointing their officers
the moment a State is in default, and to go on and
collect the taxes to the uttermost, collecting pre-
cisely the amount, neither a farthing more nor a
farthing less than the Federal officers would have
done in the first instance. That is my position.
Mr. DIYEN. I should like to know of my
colleague how the amount a State is to pay is to
be ascertained ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The question
propounded by my colleague from the Chemung
district, shows that I have been so unfortunate as
to fail entirely in making him, and perhaps in
making others, comprehend the proposition I
made. ~^Vhy, sir, X propose that the State officers
shall go on and collect these taxes, precisely as
the Federal officers would do, the only difference
being that, when the taxes are collected, the col-
® .. .i .   .i ire T,
lectors would spell their names differently. In
one case flAB" would sign his name as collector
Ulil/ vClftv XX ij WUU1W 144 11"
of the State, and in the other "CD would sign
his name as the collector for the General Govern-
ment. Each levies precisely the same taxes upon
precisely the same properly, and my colleague
will see that the amount each State is to pay will
be ascertained by the State officers, in precisely
the same way that it would be ascertained by
Federal officers.
Mr. OLIN. Now, it seems to me that my col
league is somewhat unfortunate in supposing he
is misunderstood in the propositions he makes.
His proposition, as it strikes me, is so perfectly
plain and so perfectly obvious that it is scarcely
possible there should be any misunderstanding in
reference to it. I understood my colleague to say
he proposed tfiat a State, through its State ma-
chinery, to be created or such as^has now, should
go on and levy this tax in the mode prescribed m
this bill—that is, that the same amount of tax on
the same articles proposed to be taxed should be
simply levied and collected by the State authority
and State officers, instead of by officers appointed
by the General Government—the officers to re-
ceive such compensation as the State should see
fit to give them. And lie says that proposition, if
adopted, will prove one of great economy.
  Now, let us look at it for a moment. I under-
stood his proposition, and I think the Huuse un-
derstood lum, as he geneially makes himselt un-
derstood by the House. But, sir, what I assert
is this: that no State in the Union has any ma-
chinery adequate to or adapted to the purposes of
the levying and collecting of these taxes; and that
if the duty imposed by this bill were to be de-
volved upon the officers now charged with the col-
lection of State taxes, they could not discharge
that duty. If these duties were to be imposed
upon the assessors and collectors in the State of
New York, it would not diminish at all the duties
imposed upon them by the State. Nay, it would
furnish them with an amount of duties and re-
sponsibilities wholly inconsistent with the dis-
charge of their duties as State officers^.
Hut, there is no economy in it. No man can
assign a plausible reason for there being any econ-
omy in it; for it is obvious that if any man ap-
pointed by the State can do this work for a given
amount of compensation, the same man m the
same State appointed by the General Government
ran do it for the same compensation. It is, there-
fore, only a question as to who shall have the
compensation, and not as to the amount itself.
Now, the objection I have to the proposition of
my colleague is, in the first placc, in the principle
involved in it. I was m favor of the provision in
the bill of the last session which left the collection
of the tax to the States that should assume it. I
was in favor of dispensing with the machinery of
the Federal Government, of assessors and tax
gatherers. I was glad the measure would admit
of leaving it to the State Legislatures to collect the
taxes by the State machinery, and thus avoid this
offensive feature that always attends the collec-
tion of a direct tax. And if this bill assessed upon
the State of New York a given amount of money,
why, of all things in the world, I would favor the
proposition to give the State an opportunity to
assume the payment of that amount, and to levy
and collect the tax as the taxes of the State are
usually levied and collected, because, as 1 have
observed, it would relieve the measure of the
odium which, as I have said, accompanies the
collection of a direct tax.
Mr SHELLABARGER. I wish to submit
to the gentleman from New York, this remark
The point he suggests is of great force: that the
machinery employed by a State will cost just as
much as the same machinery employed by the
General Government; but 1 wish to suggest to him
whether there are not now in the employ of every
State assessors to assess the property of every
tax payer, and whether these officers coulu Slot
be employed by the State to assess the property
required by this bill, at much less inconvenience
than to employ other persons by the General
Government?
Mr. OLIN. In answer to the gentleman s in-
quiry, I will state to the committee that the ma-
chinery employed by a State—I speak of ray own
State of New York and her regulations^' refer-
ence to the collection of taxes, with which I am
most familiar, and each gentleman will speak, of
course, of the regulations in his own State 
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. There is
not a State in New England which could collect
these taxes without an entire change of the organ-
ization of their tax-collecting instrumentalities.
An entire change of the machinery of the State
would be necessary for that purpose. I havelooked
closely at the tax laws of New England, and I
know that to be the fact.
Mr. OLIN. I was about to observe, Mr. Chair- .
man, that the machinery now in operation in the
State of New York, for the levying, assessing, and
collecting of the taxes imposed by that State, is
no more adapted to execute the provisions of this
bill than to take it into the New Jerusalem. Sup-
pose that they were entirely competent to do that;
suppose the officers intrusted by the machinery
of New York were ordered to levy and collect the
taxes imposed by this bill; suppose that they
were competent to discharge all the duties im-
posed by this bill: would they discharge the duties
more intelligently than anybody else? Is that ^
true ?  
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
asks me whether that is true. I will state to him,
in the first place, that the States have assessors
and collectors who go round and visit every house
and sec every person. They travel all over the
ground. They do that for State purposes. There-
fore, I say that these same men would require as
much compensation as men who would have to
make out these lists is. novo, and travel over this
ground for the first time. Again, I say that in the
large cities more particularly, the collection of
taxes requires the renting of extensive offices
extensive places of business, where the tax Payers
come to the counter and pay their taxes. That
machinery which already exists and needs not to
be created, is of enormous expense, and is suffi-
ciently capacious to take in all of this tax. I sub-
mit, for those two reasons, that it is true that it
can be done more cheaply by the States.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman knows as well as
I do, that in the levying and collection of a State
and county tax there are two descriptions of per-
sons employed, the assessors and the collectois.
The assessor is paid by the day for his work of
going around and making out the assessments,
and the collector is paid a percentage on the
amount of the tax collected. The assessor goes
through with the assessment as soon as possible.
He is required to have it done on a certain day,
and he is paid so much per day for doing it. As
soon as that assessment is made out, it is handed
in, and he gets his pay. The collector who col-
lects the tax 011 that assessment is paid so much
percentage on the amount of the tax that he col-
lects. I want this thing thoroughly understood.
One gets paid by the day, and the other receives
so much percentage on the tax that he collects.
There is, then, no more analogy between the
duties imposed by the State of New York upon
assessors and collectors and those imposed by this
bill, than there is between them and the town
Now, Mr. Chairman, after all of this discussion,
the simple proposition is just this: whether this
General Government shall have that necessary
control of the collection of this tax, or whether
they shall turn it over to the States. That is the
proposition which we are now called upon to de-
cide on the amendment of the gentleman from
California. "Whether we shall retain the power
to do it in our own hands, or pass it over to the
States to be done by them. I am opposed to it.
I think that it is unwise. I believe whenever the
General Government is called upon to exercise any
power in the discharge of an indispensable duty,
