1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
It provides that the increase of duties under the
act named shall not apply to goods in warehouse
at the time of its passage, and directs the refund-
ing of any excess of duties which may have been
paid upon such goods.
Mr. STEVENS. This explanatory act is ren-
dered necessary by an interpretation put upon our
act lately passed, different from that put upon it
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and I
suppose from what the House intended. We in-
tended to lay an additional duty upon coffee, tea,
sugar, and molasses hereafter to be imported. The
Secretary of the Treasury, contrary as I think to
the fair reading of the act, construed it as apply-
ing also to all goods that had been previously
warehoused. I demand the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will thegentieman
permit me to offer a substitute for the joint reso-
lution ?
Mr. STEVENS. I must respectfully decline.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the read-
ing of the engrossed joint resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. To give an opportunity to en-
gross the joint resolution, i move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, and ask the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 13, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-rs. Cravens, Chittenden, Glider, Ilolman,
Law, Lovejoy, Maliory, Nixon, Noble, Sheffield, Vallan-
digham, Wadbworth, ami Chilton A. White—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxtei, Booman, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton. Camp-
bell, Chambeihn, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoscoe
Conkling. Covode, Ciafield, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot,
Fcnton, Fianehot, Fiauk, Gooch, Goodwin, Guiley, Han-
chett, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Ilorton, Hutchins, Ju-
lian. Kcilcy, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Lcai},' Louinb, McKcan, McKiught, McPhcrt-on,
Maynaul, Monzie*, Anson P Motnll, Justin S. Mori ill,
Odell, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomcioy, Porter,
John II. liice, Kiddie,Edward 11. ltollins, yargeant, Slmnks,
Shciman, Spaulding, John D. Steele, Steven?, Bemamin
F Thomas, FiancisThomas,Tumble,Trovvbudge, Upton,
Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verrec, Wall,
Wallace, Chailes VV. Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward, Wa&h-
burne, WiKon. Woochuflf, and Worcester—81.
So the motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was then read t4ie third
time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr, STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Union Railroad
Company, and to authorize the construction of a
railroad in certain streets and avenues of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, and the running of vehicles con-
nected therewith, and to regulate the same; which
was read a first and sccond time by its title, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontier,"ap-
proved June 30, 1834; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affans.
CONTRACT FOR ARMS, ETC.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, that a communication from the Secretary of
War laid upon the table this morning, and which
is in reference to the purchase of certain arms, he
taken up and referred to the spccial committee on
Army contracts.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Air. COX, (at twenty
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 7, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. In addition to the many thou-
sand petitions that I have presented for the estab-
lishment of an armory at Rock Island, Illinois, I
now present another from the citizens of Jackson
county, Iowa. I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, and Leroy, State of New York,
praying for the total abolition of slavery through-
out the land; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LATHAM presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Harte, of San Francisco, California, praying
payment for services rendered in the preparation
of the report on the census of 1850; which was
referred to the Committee on* Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. HARLAN presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, in favor of the location of anational
armory at Rock Island, Illinois; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying that some action may
be taken for an exchange of prisoners; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lyon,
Oakland county, Michigan, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery, and that provision be made by
law for calling on all the inhabitants of the Uni-
ted States, bond and free, to aid in supporting the
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of the
Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and other citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying the passage of an
act making homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at
least one eighth of the regular surgical appoint-
ments in the Army and Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 137) in regard to the administration of
criminal justice in the District of Columbia, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 136) to provide for the appoint-
ment of sutlers in the volunteer service, and to
define their duties, reported it with amendments.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENSES.
Mr! SHERMAN, from the commission ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate under the act
approved July 31, 1861, ''providing a commis-
sion to examine and report as to the compensation
of all officers of the Government, and for other
purposes," reported the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rcolved, That bills leported from the commission on
compensation and expenditures, oi gam-zed under the act
approved July 31,1831, entitled " An act providmga com-
mission to examine and repoit as to the compensation of
all officers of the Government, and for othei purpose?," be
placed on the Calendar, subject to the same oidei of busi-
ness as if reported fioiu a standing committee of the Senate.
HENRY SAWYER.
Mr. SUMNER. T am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) authorizing
Henry Sawyer to accept a medal, to report it bacfe
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. I think it had better be put on its
passage at once. It is merely to authorize a con-
sul to receive a medal fiom the King of Holland
on account of an act of humanity.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes Henry Sawyer, consul to Surinam,
to accept the medal recently transmitted to him
by the King of Holland, for an act of humanity
in an effort to save the life of a subject of that
kingdom.
The joint resolution was reported to the Seriate
:! without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
|j read the third time, and passed.
NOTICE 03? A BILL.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to punish frauds upon the
public Treasury.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 140) to abolish the franking privilege;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOfficeand Post Roads,
VOLUNTEERS IN SERVICE.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a resolution to offer, and
I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to the Senate the aggregate number of three years' vol-
unteers that have been mustered into the service of the
United States, the number of such volunteers, and also the
number of regiments lrom each State and Territory, the
number of brigadier general? and other brigade officers that
have been nominated to the Senate for its confirmation,
first, from the regular Army, and second, from without the
regular Army, of each class, stating the number of each
class from each State and Territory respectively, and also
what number of each class each State and Territory would
be entitled to of the whole number of such nominations
made, and to be made, including the nominations made
from the regular Army.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to suggest to the
Senator that in malting a return of the number of
volunteers now in the service, there should be a
designation of the different species of service, that
is, the number of infantry, artillery, and cavalry.
I desire that the resolution may contain that. I
propose to amend the resolution by inserting after
the word " Territory," where it nrst occurs, the
words " designating the number of infantry,
artillery, and cavalry."
Mr. DAVIS. 1 accept that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
PURCHASES FOR TIIE NAVY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether any practice now prevails, or
has heretofore within the past year prevailed, in any branch
of the naval service, of making purchases through any other
agent or agencies than those rccognized by the law and
regulations for the government of the Navy Department;
and, if any such puichases have been made, for what pur-
pose the same have been made, and iiave the prices paid m
such instances been gieaier or less than tho&e paid when
puiehascs have been made iri the ordinary mode ; and also
to inquire whether any further legislation is necessary to
protect the public interest in that branch of the public ser-
vice from fiaud and abuse; and that they have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. At the suggestion of one of my
colleagues on the committee, 1 will add to that res-
olution these words, "and that they have power
to send for persons and papers."
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In the investigation which I pro-
pose the committee shall make under thatrcsolu-
lution,itwill be a matter of very great convenience
if we could have the resolution printed. I ask,
therefore, the unanimous consent of the Senate to
order the resolution to be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following order:
Ordered, That Harrison Sargent, EbenezerHiggins, Ebe-
nezer Ilieker, Caleb E. Parker, James Ehsha Linscott, and
Abner Meriiii, respectively, have leave to withdraw their
petitions and papers
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will state
the reason for it. It has been usual in the Senate,
heretofore, to give a reason for withdrawing pa-
pers, which ought not to be allowed to be with-
drawn except for some good cause.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand theobjecttobe
to recommit the papers. The papers have been
before the committee and have not been reported
against, and the object now is that they may be
withdrawn for the purpose of being recommitted.
Mr. PEARCE. That is entirely proper.
The order was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are no pa-
pers on the table except three resolutions which
: the movers have requested may lie there, and pa-
pers which have come over from the last session.
;i Those files may be read, and such bills as it may
j be desirable to act on can be acted upon.
