1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
that the General Government should exercise that
power, and not the States. This is mere boys
phty—it is worse than boys' play—to attempt to
delegate this power to the States, and to officers
over whom we have no control.
Mr SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, I
know enough of the wishes of the people of the
State which I in part represent, to know that they
are exceedingly solicitous that some such scheme
should be devised by which our people shall be
spared the expense and the annoyance of these
additional tax gatheiers. Gentlemen from Ohio
of long experience, not only in the State Legisla-
ture, but in this Congress, have come to me and
conversed on this subject very recently,and they
have pressed it upon me to give some attention to
this amendment. The first question we are met
with is, of course, what would recur to every
mind, and that is in reference to the practical ap-
plication of the amendment to the machinery pro-
posed by this bill. 1 have felt, i acknowledge,
embarrassed by the difficulties which meet us on
every hand in devising some scheme by which it
shall be made possible for one State or a number
of States to return to the Federal Treasury the
same amount of money that they would get by
the provisions of this bill as it now stands, and
do that without incurring the expense sought to
be avoided. Is that practicable? I submit,in the
first place, that there is nothing in the nature of
things which renders it impracticable. We see
at once that it is within the range of possibility
for a State to make the same assessments upon
the same blanksand forms furnished,and to make
the same collections which this bill proposes shall
be done by the Federal authorities. It is perfectly
evident that that is true. Then comes the ques-
tion of the amount of trouble it will involve, and
whether it will result in any practical and useful
economy.
Let me, in the first place, allude to a point or
two stated by the gentleman from New York, who
last addressed the committee. It is suggested that
there is a total want of similarity between the du-
ties that they would have to perform under the
Federal system and the duties they would have
to peifonn under the State laws. Theic is, it
seems to me, no piactical difficulty of the kind
urged by the gentleman. Cannot the forms and
blanks, the directions and specifications, he placed
in the hands of the State assessor? Obviously
they can. Therefore,when these forms and blanks
are printed, it then becomes a question whether
those employed for State collections are of suffi-
cient intelligence to use them when furnished by
the Secretary of the Treasury? I submit to the
gentleman from New York, and every other gen-
tleman. that it is not too much to say that th<
States do not employ such agents in their State
collections as those who could not discharge these
duties. Wo do, I believe, employ men of enough
intelligence to do this work when they have the
forms and the. blanks, and the means of under-
standing what they have to do, placed in then-
hands by the Federal authorities.
Now, in regaui to the other practical difficulty
which the gentleman has suggested and earnestly
pressed upon the committee, to wit: that this di-
vests the Federal Government of its auihoiity and
control over Us own affairs, and places that con-
trol in the hands of the State authorities. That is
not an objection which needs to be analyzed. I
submit to the Committee of Ways and Means that
it is competent to say that, by a certain day m
each year, this State machinery must be brought
into play and discharge its duties, and that the Fed-
eral Government shall have supervision of the
State agents, and that if it is not done by that day
then,and not till then, the Federal machinery shall
be set m motion.
Mr. LOOMIS. The whole theory ofthis bill will
have to be changed if this amendment is adopted.
Thereare taxes provided on many things printed
in thisbtll which are to be collected monthly. The
taxes are to be collected monthly, and the returns
are to be made monthly. If gentlemen will look
at the bill they will see that there are .1 great many
instances of that kind. So, if the amendment be
adopted, to make the bill congruous it will have
to be entirely altered. It seems to me that, under
the provisions of this bill, it would be utterly im-
possible for the General Government to know at
anytime duiing the yeai that a State had per-
formed the duties with which it was commis-
sioned, and that plan, therefore, seems to me to
be impracticable under this bill.
If there was any way of conferring upon a State
this duty of collecting the taxes, I should be as
much in favor of it as any one; but it seems to me
that it is impracticable, unless wo can say before-
hand the exact amount of taxes to be collected
from any one State, and there is an obstacle in the
way of that. Perhaps we could take the last cen-
sus return, and base the taxes at a uniform rate
upon that, and thus ascertain how much the taxes
would be upon a given State; but these returns
were obviously made without any reference to
taxation, and would probably be too inaccurate
for any purposes of taxation.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Itis very obvious that
the proposed amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] would change essen-
tially many provisions of this bill, and if it should
prevail the bill would, of course, have to go back
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and all the
machinery would have to be readjusted to meet the
new element introduced into the measure, and all
this assessment and collection, whether monthly
or annual, would have to be adapted to the new
system introduced by the amendment. But it is
not, in the nature of things, impossible to adjust
the bill to the proposed amendment, and all that
there is in the suggestion of the gentleman from
Connecticut is this: that it would involve a great
deal of trouble and labor on the part of .the com-
mittee to do it.
But let me suggest to the gentleman the im-
portance of this amendment. If you will sit down
for a moment, bj^coinmoii arithmetic—not going
beyond simple multiplication—you will find that
a State of the magnitude of that which I, in part,
represent will at" least incur an expenditure of
§1,000,000 annually by reason of these tax col-
lectors, and if you can save, as I submit you can,
at least two thirds of that expense, you will have
saved enormously to the State, and it is exceed-
ingly well worthy of this House, and of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to endeavor to save
us that enormous outlay, especially when it also
removes an exceedingly odious visitation once in
each month, if the bill stands in all respects as it
is now.
Now, sir, let me suggest to the committee
another thing in regaid to the point that was up
a moment ago. It might be said that the Govern-
ment of the United States wants to retain con-
trol over the assessment and collection of these
taxes, and wants the President to have the privi-
lege of selecting the officers to whom that collec-
tion shall he intrusted; that it wants the power
of removing them, of taking their bonds, and of
throwing all other guards around its financial
machinery.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
announced that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution expressing the thanks of Congress to Lieu-
tenant J. L. Worden, of the United States Navy,
and the offieeis and men under his command in
the Monitor; and a joint resolution expressive of
the thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote,
of the United States Navy, and the officers and
men under his command in the western flotilla;
in both of which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House of Representatives.
The Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I shall detain the
committee but a moment or two longer, and I re-
gret that I have trespassed so long uponits atten-
tion. I desire to say a word in relation to this
idea, that I was just meeting when I was inter-
rupted, that we want, as the Federal authority, to
retain all our power over the appointment and
o-eneral conductof the financial agents of the Gov-
ernment in these collections. Now, 1 submit that,
by having a single officer in each State, who shall
have the'review of all the returns and of all the
assessments and collections made in the State un-
der the Slate machinery, you will have precisely
the same control over tiie fidelity and the conduct
of the Federal agents that this hill provides, and
with one tithe of the expense; or if one is not suf-
ficient in the larger States, you can have two such
officers. •
Sir, there is nothing impracticable in the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
it does seem To me that, without changing very
materially the provisions of this bill, we may save
in the several States the enormous expenditures
that will be incurred by these tax collectors.
Before I take my seat, I wish to do myself the
justice to say that I have read this bill carefully,
and I do think that Congress and the country are
indebted to the Committee of Ways and Means
for the great ability and accuracy which they have
displayed in its preparation. I think that itis
harmonious and complete, and as nearly perfect
as we can ordinarily get human legislation. But
while that is true, I do yet think that the bill could
be recommitted and this proposed amendment
introduced into it without at all affecting the gen-
eral result, to wit; the realization to the Govern-
ment of the amount of revenue which the bill is
designed to produce.
Mr. STRATTON obtained the floor.
Mr. EDWARDS. With the permission of the
gentleman from New Jersey, I wish to ask the
Chair what is the distinct question before the com-
mittee?
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendmentof thegen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Phelps,] to strike
out the words "asscssois and;" but debate not
having been closed upon the bill, the whole sec-
tion is before the committee.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is that the only amendment
pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is; the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
is not before the committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I supposed that the amendment
which I suggested, by way of a proviso to this
section, was now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; only oneamend-
ment can be pending at a time, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California is now
pending.
Mr. ELIOT. That is true.
Mr. STRATTON. Mr. Chairman, I may be
permitted to state that the subject which is now
under discussion was fully and carefully consid-
ered by the committee which has reported this
bill. We felt that it would be, perhaps, more
agreeable to the people of the different States who
may be called upon to pay these taxes which the
bill proposes to levy, if it could be done through
the instrumentality of their own State officers.
We had a great many suggestions sent to us by
gentlemen who felt a deep interest in the machin-
ery by which the provisions of the bill are to be
carried out. We gave to those suggestions all the
consideration to which .they were entitled. We
looked at them in every point of view in which
they occurred to the committee, and we came to
the conclusion, 1 may say unanimously, that it
was impossible to carry out this bill, being^a Fed-
eial measure, as it is, by any other than Federal
machinery.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling] has been pleased to say that an army
of Federal tax gatherers are always odious to the
people. I think that a Federal tax is always
odious to the people; that a tax of any kind is
always odious to the people. Perhaps there is no
duty and 110 debt which the people are called upon
to pay which they pay more reluctantly than a
tax forthe support of theGovernment,either State
or General. But, sir, this is a Federal tax, and
there is no disguising the fact and 110 escape from
it. Would to Heaven that this necessity did not
exist to-day for the imposition of this Federal tax !
I submit that theodium, and the only odium that
will attach itself to the minds of the people, is to
the tax itself, and not to the persons who are sent
as tax gatherers. I apprehend that if a man is con-
demned by law to be hung, it makes but very little
difference to him whether the rope is put lound
his neck by the sheriff of his county or by the
marshal of the United States, if the only object is
to carry out the sentence of the law.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Now Jersey a single question 3
Mr. STRATTON. 1 do not often trouble the
House, and I prefer not to be interrupted now.
The mistake into which gentlemen have fallen
j who advocate the reference of this matter to the
II States is that this tax is not a matter in which
