3142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
govern themselves in the Union under thete own
constitution and laws.
The object of the bill is to provide for this tem-
porary condition of things, bhoi t, I hope it will
be; but we may a)! suppose that there will be a pe-
ri o J in the history of each one of those rebel States,
after the rebellion is subdued, before the people
will be ready to reorganize themselves and comc
back into the Union. There will be some very
important things to settle as to the relations be-
tween these rebel States and the General Govern-
ment when they come to be restored to the Union,
and to govern themselves and take their position
in the Union as they occupied it before the rebel-
lion broke out.
This is the general object of this bill. I appre-
hend there is no difficulty in finding authority for
it in the Constitution, f find my authority for it
in thatgcneral provision of the Constitution which,
in my judgment, contemplates a state of things
like this: that the United States shall guaranty to
every State and to all the States—guaranty to the
northern Suites as well as to tho rebel Stales—
guaranty to every State in the Union a republican
form of government. That contemplates a gov-
ernment in the Union; and if the State will not
govern itsolf, if it will not organize itself and come
m under the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, i believe it is the duty of the Gen-
eral Government to provide for that ease.
Mr. COWAN obtained the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will yield to me a moment.
Mr. COWAN. Ceitainly.
Mr. POWELL. 1 regret that my friend, the
Senator from JNcw York, did not give us the au-
thority in the Constitution for this bill. lie sets
out by stating the general object of the bill, and it
was very lucidly staled. He then says this is for
the purpose of carrying out that provision of the
Constitution guaranteeing to every State a repub-
lican form of government; and the object, as I un-
derstand from the Senator, is to govern those States
and have their own laws executed upon them
while engaged in this rebellion. Ifthat be the case,
why cloihw these persons with any legislative
power? If the sole object is to execute the laws
of those States as they were, why not clothe the
Executive and tho judges alone with the power to
exccute tho laws that arc there? This bill proposes
to do more than that. It proposes to clothe the
Governor and the judge* with legislative power.
If the object is to have the laws of those people
executed as they wore before tho rebellion broke
out, why not clothe your officers with executive
and judicial power only ? Why clothe them with
legislative power?
The Senator from New York rests his case on
this provision of the Constitution :
41 The United Stales fthnll gimranty to eveiy State in the
Union a republican form of government, and «hal! protect
each of them ngniiiHt invasion, and, on application of the
Legislature, or the Evecuuvc, (whom iho Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence."
I put it to that Senator, if he thinks this bill that
sends two judges and a Governor to one of these
States, clothes them with the power to make laws,
and to exercise tho judicial functions, and to exe-
cute the laws, is in the meaning of a republican
form ofgovernmentas contemplated by that clause
of the Constitution of tho United States. No, sir;
km the veryeonveiseofit. It absolutely overturns
eveiy vestige of republican form of government,
and takes fiom the people residents of that State
who are to be governed, all the privileges of hav-
ing a voice in their aftairs; and to these outsiders,
if you please, people who live remote and have
no interestsor sympathies with them, are intrusted
oil these powers; and as I before said, not content
with that, you make the Executive and the judi-
cial the law-making power. The Senator I sup-
pose could not have been in earnest. He is too
good a lawyer to imagine that he could rest his
case under that clause of the Constitution. In
my humble judgment, it is the very clause that
will be grossly violated by the passage of the bill.
Sir, there n no necessity whatever for this bill.
In my judgment, the object, the scope, and the
intention of it is to send judges and a Governor
there for the purpose of indirectly abolishing the
institution of African slavery, and overthrowing
the domestic institutions of those States under the
apparent shield and panoply of the law. That,
in my judgment, is the sole object of the bill. I
speak plainly. Itcan have no other effect, no other
object, and it is of itself adissolution of the Union.
It destroys a part of the States that compose the
Union, reduces them to provinces; and ranker
disunion never was uttered, and never existed in
any form oil earth, in my judgment, tlmn is pre-
sented in this bill. I am obliged to the Senator
from Pennsylvania for yielding the floor.
Mr. COWAN. I have sometimes been of opin-
ion that there was danger that we would depart,
very materially depart, not only from the great
principles which were established by the Revolu-
tion, but from the principles which were declared
by ourselves at the time we undertook this war to
suppress the rebellion. Sir, what is a lepublic-
an form of government? Is it not a government
formed by the people by their own free consent?
The government of North Carolina, before the re-
bellion, was a government formed by her people,
arid it was recognized by this Government; and,
as was said by the honorable Senator from New
York, the Government was bound by its guaran-
tee to sustain and support that government; and
if it was overturned by any accident, the guaran-
tee extended to its restoration. Now,sir,a rebel-
lion takes place. If that rebcHion involves the
whole people in it, that people, by a fundamental
principle of our Government and our policy, have
aright to establish such form of government as
they choose; and if it had been established to the
satisfaction of this Congress and of this Govein-
ment, tlmt the whole people of the States in which
the rebellion prevailed had been involved in that
rebellion, and were anxious to sever their connec-
tion with this General Government, and establish
a form of government such as they desired, I sup-
pose nobody would have undertaken to put down
the rebellion. I suppose 110 Democrat would have
undertaken it; I suppose no Republican would
have undertaken it; 1 suppose no man who under-
stood the theory which underlies our Government
and our institutions would have ever undertaken it.
What, then, waa the theory upon which we in-
augurated this war, and upon which we have ex-
pended some seven or eight hundred million dol-
lars, and poured out the blood of, perhaps, one
hundred thousand brave men ? It was because
we decided all the people of the rebellious States
werenotin favor of this rebellion. It was because
we believed it was confined to a few. I bad no
doubt of it. I have no doubt of it now, if the
truth could be known. In the discharge of our
guarantee, and in the performance of our solemn
pledgu#in tho Constitution, we went to war to res-
j cue the many as against the few—to rescue the
> loyal as against the disloyal. That was the the-
ory; and upon 110 other theory can this war be
justified or the Government be sustained; because
110 one then suggested conquest, and all denied it.
In pursuance of our design not to make a con-
quest, not to subjugate, but to rescue and restore,
we invade a paiticular State, and we put down
tho rebellion. "What 13 next to be done ? Guar-
anty to them a republican form of government.
What republican form of government, I ask?
The republican form of government which they
made for themselves? The republican form of
government which had been recognized by this
Government? Unquestionably. Whatother one?
Who dares propose another one? And yet the
Senator from Massachusetts would discharge that
guarantee to support and maintain that republican
form of government by taking it away and sub-
stituting one of his own in its stead. That is most
extraordinary Democracy, and most extraordi-
' nary Republicanism. But he says some of these
' laws are atrocious, and are abhorrent to the civil-
i ized world. Very well; whose business is that,
! according to our theory? The business of the
■i Senator from Massachusetts, or of the people of
| Massachusetts, or of the people of North Caro-
|; lina, who had tho right to make them ? I suppose
j I am as much in favor of teaching little children
II to read as the honorable Senator, and I suppose
i, I have taught a great many more to read than he
j has; but that is not the question. The question
![ is whether we will stand upon a great truth taught
■ us in the Revolution, whether we will give to the
| people—not the rebellious people, but the loyal
j people—of North Carolina, if there are such there,
the government which they established; and it is
not our province here to say whether its laws are
atrocious, or whether they are abhorrent to the
civilized world or not. The question is, are they
the laws of North Carolina? Perhaps if Penn-
sylvania were to criticise the laws of Massachu-
setts, she might, forsooth, find some of them ab-
horrent to civilization. She might find some of
them which, to her nicer and more delicate sense
of right and wrong, were atrocious. Such a thing
might be; but, I ask, would that give Pennsylva-
nia the right to interfere and to change them, be-
cause she so decided? Surely not. If this is a
republican form of Government, if it is demo-
cratic at its base, then the people who are to be
governed by the laws are to form them, and not
other people. I thought that right was the very
thing which was achieved by the Revolution.
Before that Revolution, gentlemen of large ac-
quirements, of fine tastes, and of large political
skill, fabricated governments for the people; but
in this country it was decided that the people
should fabricate them for themselves, especially
as they were to bo affected by them, and nobody
Well, sir, we have taken possession of a State,
if you please; we have put down the rebellion;
what is next to be done? Establish a government.
What government ? A provisional government.
Establish a government different from that which
the people had established, or which they could
establish. Mr. President, I say, and I think no-
body can gainsay it, that the only government
which can be established there is the government
which that loyal people will set up again, having
been temporarily thrown down by the accidentof
the rebellion.- And when they set it up again upon
its original basis and carry it on upon its first foot-
ing, we are done. That is all we can do, if we pre-
tend at all to carry out the doctrines upon which
we entered upon the war—namely, that a State
could not go out of the Union, and that, therefore,
we could not make a conquest of her as if she were
out.
But it is said there will be an interregnum, and
the people must have alittle time to reinstate the
old order of things. That is all true, but who is
clothed with the power to maintain that condition
of things which will enable the people to set up
that fallen government? Is it this Congress? Our
Government is one of delegated powers, and the
man who asserts a power in it must puthis finger
upon tho place where it is delegated. It will not
do to show that it would be convenient to have
that power. That is not the question. It must
be shown in tho Constitution to be conferred upon
Congress. But to show that we guaranty a re-
publican form of government will not warrant us
111 making such government as we choose and es-
tablishing that—it must be one already made by
the people of the State which we are to guaranty.
What, then, can Congress do? _ I answer, noth-
ing. But the President, or his generals actingun-
dor his direction, after the rebellion is subdued,
can preserve order by military rule until the old
government resumes its wonted action. This is a
military functiofii"M&lu'ring military force, and is
therefore peculiarly within the province of the gen-
eral. That is my view of it, and I am opposed to
establishing provisional governments, unless they
are purely military in their character, and if that
is all this bill contemplates, it gives the President
no power that he has not now. He is bound to
do tho same thing now that he would be bound to
do if the bill should become a law. He has to hold
the State by military occupation and to preserve
it by military rule until the loyal people take pos-
session of the reins of power which thp rebellion
had put into other hands, or had obliged them to
throw down.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to interrupt
the speech of the Senator from Pennsylvania, but
I was about to ask him a question.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask him what he
would do in case it should turn out that the rebel
States had no loyal people at all ? How is he go-
ing to govern them, and ho ware they going to gov-
ern themselves?
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him that question ? I have stated
distinctly that unless wo contemplate conquest it
is one of the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment, one of the fundamental principles of our
policy, that the people, the people of a State, if
you please, have a right to form their own gov-
ernment; or, in other words, it is the right of rev-
olution, if they can make it good, which we have
