1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1st of January, 18C0, eighty-seven of them were
disloyal. You will thus perceive that the propor-
tion of persons who were appointed from civil
life and who afterwards turned out to be disloyal
was much greater than of those who had been edu-
cated at the Military Academy. Nearly one half
of those who were appointed into the Army from
civil life were disloyal, whilst there was not quite
one thyrd of those who had been educated at the
Military Academy.
Am 1 told in answer to this that a majority of
those persons who were appointed from civil life
were from southern States? I respond that that
only goes to show that the same rule prevails in
regard to those who were appointed from civil
life as in those appointed from the academy. They
were born and raised in a particular section of the
country; they early imbibed the sentiments that
prevail in that section of the country; they are
bound to their friends, their relatives, their neigh-
bors, and acquaintances by tics of relationship of
one description and another, and they sympathize
most fully, as a general thing, with their friends
and relatives and acquaintances, and it is the most
natural thing that it should be so.
That is not all, Mr. President. For twelve
years the men who are now in rebellion against
your Government have had control of your Army
department. First, there was Mr. Conrad; and
next, under Mr. Pierce's administration, you had
Mr. Davis; and next, under Mr. Buchanan's ad-
ministration, you had Governor Floyd; and they
were sedulous in their efforts to impress on the
minds of the officers that the only way in which
they could secure promotion was to show that
they were fully imbued with the State-rights,dis-
union, nullification, rebellious sentiment. How
was it a few years ago when you created your
new regiment of cavalry? How was it when you
created your new regiment of mounted rifles?
How was it when you created your two new regi-
ments of infantry ? You allowed to be selected,
the Senate confirmed and put in the most distin-
guished and prominent positions in those regi-
ments, the men who were most subservient to the
men and to the power now in rebellion against the
Government. Sir, the Government itself has
taught rebellion by its acquiescence in the manner
in which the Army has been conducted for the
past twelve years.
A word now, sir, in regard to the matter of
expense. Under the law as it now stands, if the
acadcmy was full, there would be two hundred
and eighty-two cadets—two hundred and forty-
two appointed by Representatives in Congress,
provided Congress was full, and forty appointed
by the Executive " at large." This bill proposes
to double the number now authoiized to be ap-
pointed by the members of Congress. There are
one hundred and eighty-one districts represented
in Congress. Doubling that number, you would
have three hundred and sixty-two in place of two
hundred and eighty-two, and, theiefore, the whole
increase in youi acadcmy by this bill would be
simply eighty-two. If you graduate the whole
number—and we all know that not more than one
third of those who enter do graduate—you would
only graduate twenty young men per annum. That
is the whole amount of increase under this bill
which is so objectionable to gentlemen. If Senators
will take the trouble, which 1 am sorry to say some
of them do not seem disposed to do, to look through
the old Army Registers they will observe that
under the law as it now stands we have not been
able to furnish near officers enough from the Mil-
itary Academy to fill up the line of the service.
Every year young men have been appointed from
civil life into the Army. In 1856 you appointed
scores of them into the Army; you appointed
them in 1848, and you appointed them every year
between those periods; and you appointed them
before this rebellion broke out, and sincc 1856.
You have now increased your Army by the addi-
tion of one large cavalry regiment, which is in
reality a brigade, composed of what under the old
organization would have been three regiments.
You have also increased your artillery by a brig-
ade, we call it a regiment; and you have added
nine regiments of infantry. To supply the offi-
cers for this large addition, demanding as many
officers as the whole of your Army did before,
you will only provide by the passage of this bill
for an increase of officers from the Military Acad-
emy of twenty per annum.
Now, Mr. President, in order to show what
the expense of this increase will be, I wish to
have a letter read from General Totten, the chief
of the engineer corps of the Army.
The letter was read, as follows:
Engineer Department,
Washington, December 27,1861.
Sir : Herewith I send you the number of cadets to which
each State and Territory is entitled, so far as can be ascer-
tained from the present admitted Representatives, viz.:
Connecticut    4
Delaware    1
Illinois      9
Indiana  11
J    2
Kansas  1
Maine  6
Maryland    6
Massachusetts    11
Michigan  4
Minnesota  2
New Hampshire  «3
New Jersey  5
New York  33
Ohio  21
Oregon.   1
Pennsylvania -  25
Rhode Island  2
Vermont  3
Wisconsin   3
Calilonua  2
155
These States are assumed to have this number of
Rcpiescntativcs present in Congress:
Kentucky    0
Missouii    5
Virginia  4
Tennessee  1
174
Utah  1
Washington Teintory  1
District of Columbia   1
New Mexico  1
Nebraska  1
Dakota  \
Nevada    1
3 81
Ten u at large" for each year—fouryears  40
201
Districts and Territories  181
Giving a second cadet to each, will add J8i
The cadets " at large"   40
402
We can accommodate at West Point not more than f-ay
400 cadets. This addition to tho number need not increase
the cost* except as to the pn> of the cadets. A few more
oflicers will have to be drawn trom the Army as assistants,
teachers, &.o.
There arc now at West Point:
In the Fust class  28 cadets.
In the Second class    27 "
In the Thiid elas>s  33 "
In the Fouith class    106 "
Total   104 cadets.
The calculation of the annual cost of each cadet is made
by taking the sum total of the appropiiation for this year
for West Point, $14U,237, and dividing itby the whole num-
ber ot cadets fiom the States, Terntories, and at large—
2*21. It is thus found, in round nunjbeis,toamountto$G75
for each cadet.
Any increase in the number of cadets would proportion-
ally decrease the eo&t of each.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General Corps Engineers'
Hon. J. H\ Grimes,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
P. S. Since writing the above, I have learned fioin the
Paymaster General that the estimate lor the pay of cadets
was based on the number of two hundred and fifty-three
cadets. This fact reduces the cost of each cadet to say
$5(J0 per annum. J. G. T.
Mr. GRIMES. It will there be perceived that
the whole entire expense of each cadet, ascer-
tained by apportioning the amount appropriated
to carry on the Military Academy to each cadet,
admitting that the number is two hundred and
fifty-three, is $590 annually. If we increase the
number, as proposed by this bill, the amount to
each cadet will be proportionally decreased. But
the eighty-two that will be added by this bill to
the academy in addition to the number now au-
thorized by law—I do not say, mark it, in addi-
tion to the number now there, but in addition to
the number now authorized by law—would cost
about forty-eight thousand dollars a year, and
that is the entire expense that seems to deter Sen-
ators from passing this bill. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, we might very well, very safely to the coun-
try, and very much to our own convenience, I
apprehend, save more than that amount autof
our own contingent expenses. : ;
With the increase of the Army, and with this
addition to the cadets, as proposed by the bill, yon
will in a little time have no more officers in the
Army than you will need for your scientific corpa.
I believe that it is essentially important to the in-
terests of the Army and of the country that we
should maintain the Military Academy, and turn
out quite as many men.as this bill proposes to
turn out for the future. I know very well the
valor, devotion, and the patriotism of the volun-
teers; but 1 know ihat the volunteers themselves
would prefer to be commanded by an Army offi-
cer. I know that is the sentiment prevailing
throughout the whole country. Letters reach rae
almost daily asking me to interpose in behalf of
regiments in my own section of the country, from
men in power there, and often from the privates
themselves, asking that this man and that man
may be detached from some other service and sent
out there to take command of some regiment, or
to fill some important position in connection with
the Army. The gentlemen on this floor who seem
to think that Army officers do not possess the
confidence of the country,are, I apprehend, most
egregiously mistaken. They do possess the con-
fidence of the country. It is the administration
of the Army officers, it is the influence under which
they are compelled to act, that the country is not
satisfied with.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa a question. If I had to
vote to-day upon the question of abolishing the
institution at West Point, I would vote to abolish
it, and for the reason that there is no board of ex-
amination to separate the stupid from those who
have brains. They go into the Army, the stupid
and those with brains together, and they ascend
the ladder together. The greatest evil that we
have in our piesent Army grows out of the stu-
pidity of thegraduates from WestPointwho have
been placed in command. I have a letter upon
my table now recommendingaman for a position,
and the writer says: " the gentleman I recommend
is a graduate of West Point; he graduated high
in his class, and the only difficulty that you will
have to contend with is that he has not one gram
of common sense." [Laughter.] Because he is
a graduate of West Point, although hois without
one gram of common sense, he seeks promotion.
Stupid graduates are engaged daily, hourly, in
making sport of the volunteer force of the Army,
and of the officers from civil life. If Congress
could establish a board to examine the graduates
of West Point as to their common sense, and re-
ject those who have not any, the institution, I
think, would work well. Entertaining the opin-
ion that I do, I will certainly vote against the in-
crease of the number of students until such aboard
is established that may reject the stupid.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not discovered the point
of the Senator's interrogatory, but I will say this,
if it is what he desires me to say, that 1 should
be pleased to see such a board established, com-
mencing with the highest officer of the Govern-
ment and running down to the lowest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say that the volunteer force of
this country was content with commanders who
were graduates of West Point. I differ with the
Senator from Iowa. I think that there is great
dissatisfaction in the volunteer force, and that that
dissatisfaction is increasing daily, for want of
common sense in many graduates holding impor-
tant commands.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason why I called
i up this bill was, that it ought to be disposed of
now. If these cadets are to be appointed, they
should be appointed within the next two or three
weeks. The bill ought therefore to be disposed
of. 1 am opposed to it for reasons that I gave the
other day, and I should say nothing more now,
but for the remarks made by the Senator from
Iowa. .The letter which he had read would con-
vey a very erroneous impression to the Senate.
It is easy to prove that each cadet who graduates
at West Point costs the Government about five
thousand dollars. It is very easy to ascertain the
fact, because we have annually an appropriation
bill for the West Point Academy amounting to
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand dollars; and this appropriation bill does not
include all the expenses of that Academ-y. Many
