1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
the-States as States have any interest. It is a
matter in which the citizens of all the States, who
may be tax payers,and who maybe called upon
to pay this amount of taxes, have an interest, but
the States themselves, as States, have no interest
in it. That is the difference between this tax and
the direct tax required to be raised by the act of
August, 18G1, and by which a quota was assessed
upon each State, it then became a matter in
which the States themselves, as States, were in-
terested, and it was right and proper that the
States upon whom such quota of tax was im-
posed, should be allowed the opportunity of as-
sessing, collecting;, and paying that tax in their
own way. But this is a tax which reaches indi-
viduals as individuals, and not as citizcns of any
particular State, I know not what the tax laws
m other States may be, but if this proposition
were tendered to the State of New Jersey, and if
she were allowed to say whether she would as-
sume, through her Governor, the collection of
this tax, I am free to say that before that pledge
could be carried out, the Legislature would be
called upon to prepare a machinery as complex
and as different from its present one, as that pro-
vided by the bill now under discussion. We have
no means now known to the State of New Jersey
by which her assessors can levy or her collectors
collect the taxes provided for by this bill; and I
apprehend that that would be found to be the case
in every State wheie the tax will be collected.
But, again, sir, it will be borne in mind that
by the provisions of this bill, the President lias
no right to send a stranger into any State, or into
any collection district. He takes one of the peo-
ple of the State or collection district. The pro-
vision of the bill in that respect is, that the as-
sessor and the collector must be residents of the
district where their duties are to be performed.
Again: Mr. Chanman, it has been urged by
gentlemen that there would be a great saving of
expense if the plan of allowing the States to as-
sume the payment of these taxes, and collect them
in their own way, were adopted. I do not see it
so. I believe that the officers employed by the
State governments receive as much pay for the
services respectively rendered by them as do the
officers appointed by the Federal Government for
the same class of services. I believe that the as-
sessors and collectors to be appointed by the Fed-
eral Government under this bill, if it become a
law, can afford to perform their duty for just as
small a compensation as equally competent men
would discharge the same duty for, if appointed
by the State authorities, and would discharge
them with equal fidelity.
A^ain, Mr. Chairman, as I have already re-
marked, this is a Federal measure imposed upon
the people by the necessities that now surround the
Government; and, being a Federal measure, it
strikes me that it is eminently piopcr—nay, that it
isabsolutely essential—for the purposeof carrying
out the pro\isions of this bill that the measure, in
all its features and in all its machinery, shall be
under the control of the Federal Govci nment; that
theie shall be a regular mode by which these taxes
shall be assessed in one State as in another. Tt will
not do to establish one system of assessing and col-
lecting taxes in the State of Pennsylvania and an-
other and different system of assessing and collect-
ing taxes in the State of Ohio. It is necessary
that the same mode shall be adopted throughout
the whole country where this bill is toopeiate; that
the officers shall be all under the same control, and
responsible to the same Depaitment of the Gov-
ernment.
I trust, sir, that the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ei.iot]
will not be adopted by the committee; butthat the
bill will be accepted as it now stands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise, Mr. Chairman,
for the purposeof submitting a remark or two in
reference to the point now under consideration.
The amendment olfered by the gentleman from
California proposes to strike from the bill the
word "assessors." The gentleman fiom Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] leplies to that, as I understand
him, that the assessois ought not to be dispensed
with, because they are checks on the collector.
It is certainly very desirable that there should be
some checks on officers who collect public moneys:
but if I understand the provisions of the bill, the
answer of the gentleman from Vermont to the
proposition of the gentlemen from California is
not complete. A partof this revenue, as I under-
stand, is to be collected each month; that is col-
lected by the collector without the intervention of
the assessor. Am I mistaken in regard to that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I am mistaken in
my construction of the bill. I am at a loss, how-
ever, to understand how it is that the assessor can
be a check upon the collector, when a portion of
this revenue is to be collected every month. If I
am mistaken, I will afford the gentleman from
Vermont an opportunity to correct me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the case of
manufacturers and other persons who are assessed
monthly, there is a return or list or schedule re-
quired to be made to the assessor. That list or
schedule is delivered to the collector, and is also
icturned to the Commissioners of Internal Rev-
enue.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I see no good reason
for multiplying these offices.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the return is
not made right, there is a power on the part of the
assessor to increase the assessment; or if he does
not make it at all, the assessor can make it denovo.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why cannot that return
be made as well to that department of the Govern-
ment which you create for this purpose, and dis-
pense with this portion of the public officers?
Why are these officers duplicated ? I do not con-
ceive that the reason assigned by the gentleman
from Vermont is sufficient.
Passing from the consideration of this subject
to the other branch of it, I desire to say, thathow-
ever desirable it may be to coltect this revenue
through the intervention of State officers, it is sim-
ply impossible as it is proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. We all understand, Mr.
Chairman, thatwhere you impose newdutieson
an officer, his existing securities are not respons-
ible for his due performance of those duties. I
believe it has been so decided in all the States 
Mr.ELIOT, tftiink, Mr. Chairman,thatitcan
hardly be needful to elaborate that, for ccrtainly
no gentleman can deny it. The bonds given by
State officers for the performance of duties under
State laws can certainly not cover any liability
that may be assumed or undertaken under this
bill or any amendment. But, I should like to in-
quire whether, supposing that a State should as-
sume the burden of laying and collccting these
taxes, and of providing by due and proper legis-
lation—if legislation should be needed—for the
mode of doing so, the State itself being pledged to
the United States for the pioper performance of
all the obligations assumed, that liability as be-
tween the State and the General Government would
not, in the judgment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, be altogether sufficient to nvct thecase; and
if not, whether it could not, in the nature of things,
be easily made perfect?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr.Chairman, I have
bestowed some little reflection on this matter. I
desired, myself, to arrive at the same conclusion
to which the gentleman from Massachusetts has
arrived. My opinion in regard to it is this, that
under the provision proposed, where a State agreed
to pay, you could collect no revenue. I am as
desirous as either the gentleman from Massachus-
etts [Mr. Eliot] or the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Coxkling] that we shall, as
far as possible, dispense with unnecessary office
holders; but I think that the amendment proposed
does not guard the General Government, and will
not insure to it the revenue which is sought to
be raised by this bill.
Now, sir, I give it as my opinion that where the
Federal Government imposes duties upon State
officers, it must enforce their performance; that
where it empowers them to make collections, the
State Legislature has not the power to secure and
insure the payment of the monoy collected.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not desire to take the floor
from the gentleman; but simply to ask him to be
good enough to stotc m this connection why it
\ would not be within the power of aStatetomake
!! the United States wholly secure in the receipt of
ji all money which could under any circumstances
'! be collected within such State under this bill?
!; Mr. RICHARDSON. I do notdoubt that you
Ii could frame a proposition here that would do it;
I; but the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
I! sachusetts does not do it.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman then admits that
it can be done, as I understand ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly you may
frame a provision that shall do it. You may pro-
vide that the sheriff of acounty, for instance, who
collects the taxes in some of the States, shall be
the collecting officer of the United States. You
may provide that the collector of the "revenue of
the State, whoever he is, shall collect "the revenue
provided by this bill. And with a proper pro-
vision and a proper bill, I am in favor of trans-
ferring, as far as possible, the duties devolved in
this bill upon the State officers. I am not talking
against all propositions of this kind. I am only
speaking of that immediately before the commit-
tee; because, Mr. Chairman,it has been decided
this morning that I shall not talk about anything
else except that which is immediately before the
committee. Gentlemen would call me to order if
I were to discuss questions which are not before
the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vernufnt. The matter
which is now and has for sometime been discussed
before the committee, is not, as I understand, in
any parliamentary sense before us, and the discus-
sion is not, therefore, strictly in order. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from California differs
much from that which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has had read for information; yet the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts
seems to be the only one that is very much "dis-
cussed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
debate not having been closed upon the bill, the
entire first section is under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not find
fault with the discussion that has taken place upon
the proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. It is an important question, directly con-
ncctcd with the bill, and I suppose may as well
be discussed upon this occasion as any other, al-
though it is already, perhaps, in the opinion of
some gentlemen, sufficiently discussed.
Mr. Chairman, I fully appreciate the wishes of
gentlemen who desire to transfer the duties en-
joined in this bill upon Federal to State officers, if
some plan could be devised by which the revenue
could be collectcd with certainty and promptness
by State officers. But I believe that ifgentlemen will
sufficiently consider the matter they will come to
the conclusion that it is wholly impracticable, and
that if it u;ere practicable, entirely worthless. I
say, then, to begin with, that we are not going to
diminish the number of officers by a single one, by
such a change of propositions. The same num-
ber of officers will be necessary to collect the duties,
whether they are collected by State or Federal
authority.
I assert, fiuther, that it will take just as much
to pay the State officers as it would to pay the
Federal officers. Wc should pay just as much for
the collcction if the State officers were employed
as we should pay the Federal officers if they col-
lectcd the duties.
Mr. "VVICKLIFFE. As I understand the law,
as expounded long ago by the United Statescourts,
they have decided that this Government cannot
impose any executive or judicial duties upon any
State officcr. Has that law been changed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not that ILam
aware of. Now,if the number of offices cannot be
diminished,whatadvantage istherein the change?
Why, sir, under the present system, under the
bill of the last session, the State governments are
paid a percentage for the collection of the taxes.
Under the provisions of this bill we propose to
pay the assessors a per diem, and the collectors a
certain percentage. By the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, lie proposes to
pay a percentage. Will that be a less percent-
age than we propose to give? Certainly not.
Then, Mr. Chairman, in relation to the effi-
ciency of the bill, if it should pass,I submit it to
the good sense of the business men of the House—
and I take it they arc all business men—whether
the whole tax, if levied with the provision that it
shall be collected by the officers of the several
States, will be worth, in fact, seventy-five cents on
the dollar of the gross amount ? I do not believe
myself it will be worth anything like what it will
be ifcollected by the officei s of the General Govern-
ment. Now, in relation to the practicability of
the thing, here are provisions giving licenses. Are
you to delegate to each State the power to grant
