202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
officers of the Army—I cannot say how many—
are detailed for special duty at West Point, and
their salaries are not included in the annual ap-
propriation for the academy, but still form part
of the expenditure for that institution. We have
about forty or fifty graduates each year at West
Point.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not graduate more than
thirty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we have an expend-
iture for this institution of §200,000 a year, and
for that expenditure wo have thirty graduates, so
that each graduate of West Point costs the Gov-
ernment between six and seven thousand dollars.
This is a very plain sum in arithmetic, that is suf-
ficient to answer Colonel Totten or any other
engineer officer. It is one that can deceive no-
body.
Mr. President, as we are educating enough
officers now in the field for service during tins
generation, I ask whether it is worth while to com-
mence educating over two hundred officers for the
next generation ? It seems to m j the proposition
is absurd. It appears to me that it is idle to waste
the money of the country at this time of peril in
educating officers who cannot serve the country
until the present war is over; and therefore that
argument alone should induce the Senate to defeat
the bill. But in addition to that, I am opposed to
the present organization of the academy at West
Point. It has always been an expensive institu-
tion, and I behove now that the militaiy knowl-
edge acquired by the country at West Point could
be gained better and more cheaply by encourag-
ing the study of military science at State institu-
tions. The southern States in this respect have
been much more wise than the northern States.
Nearly every southern State has established mil-
itary schools. Many of the most distinguished
officers now in theconfedeiate army are graduates
of rmiitaiy schools in the southern States. If you
would distribute the $200,000, the annual cost of
West Point Academy, among the colleges in the
different States, you would have a large number
of experienced officers educated every year with-
out any great expense to the Goveinment.
I think I have said enough to justify my vote
against the passage of the bill, without impeach-
ing the character or integrity or capacity of any
of the officers of the Army.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the effect of a vote to defeat this bill, it
is to leave the existing law as it now stands. I
shall vote against the bill, not that I nm entirely
satisfied with the law as it exists. My opinion
is that we should draw upon the experience of
the greatest military nation of the present time,
the experience of France; that at least two thirds
of those who go into our Atmy ought to go in
from the ranks—begin as corporals,'then ns~ ser-
geants, then as lieutenants; and about one third
of them should go into the A i my from the public
mihtfiry schools. Sucli, I believe, is the system
of France, it givey groat elfect to the soldiers
themselves to know that if one of them can be
chosen'a corpoial he is put on the roll of pro-
motion. The idea that if a man goes into the
ranks he never can be promoted, is, in my judg-
ment, drawn from the aristocratic notions of Eng-
land, not from the more democratic notions of the
army of the French. Still, 1 believe, sir, that
there is a very great advantage to bo derived from
keeping up our military school at West Point. I
behene it is the host military school in the world
to-day: and 1 believe the information which is
obtained there i.s of the very highest character,
and is absolutely necessary for the offieioncy of
the Aimy, What I would destroy, if f had it m
my powei, is its exelusu eness and its aristocratic
tendencies, giowing out of the fact that all ap~
poimmentsmto the Army must come through that
school. 1 v/onld democratize the Army by mak-
ing at least two thirds come up from the ranks,
beginning with the corporal, and comingfrom the
corporal up to the sergeant, and then np to the
commissioned officer. If 1 am correctly informed.
H was because Napoleon came into the army from
the school as a lieutenant, without ever having
been a corporal or a sergeant in the ranks, that
ho was dubbed " the little corpora!55 by the sol-
diers of the army after the battle at Lodi. The
soldiers were willing to iccognize him as being in
the tegular line of promotion when he had won
a victory like that, and they then called lum " the
little corporal," and afterwards, I believe, after
some other battle, they dubbed him as sergeant.
Then he was in the regular line of promotion; he
had come up from the bottom.
Mr. President, I shall not go into a discussion
of this question now. I simply say, at this stage,
to the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, that in my judgment the best
reform that can be introduced is by law to enact
that two thirds of the officers in the Army shall
come up from the ranks through regular promo-
tion, from corporal to sergeant, and then to com-
missioned officer, and the other one third come in
from the school.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, if I understood j
j the Senator from Wisconsin aright, he was sin-
• gularly unfortunate in the instance which he quoted
to the Senate. Napoleon did not come up from i
the ranks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I stated that he did not
come up from the ranks. He came in through
the school, and was a lieutenant without ever hav-
ing been a corporal or a sergeant; but in consid-
eration of the glorious \ictory he won at Lodi,
the army then dubbed him "the little corporal,"
and subsequently called him sergeant.
Mr. PEARCE. Then, sir, I pass that over.
The Senatorsaid Napoleon hadcomeupfrom the
bottom, and I thought he meant that he had not
been educated at a military school. However, I
rose to correct what I supposed might be an error
on the part of the Senator m another particular.
He seems to assume tliatitis not possible for owe
| who enters the Army as a private ever to rise to
I be a commissioned officer. If he thinks so, he is
mistaken. I think it is about eight years since
Congress passed an act by which the President
was authorized, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to confer the brevet of second
lieutenant upon such meritorious non-commis-
sioned officers as might be found qualified, upon
an examination by a military board, worthy of
promotion; and there have been several such in-
| stances iccently within my knowledge—I do not
i say during the last six months, but certainly dur-
1 ing the last eighteen months—where the paities
were personally known to me.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow me to
state that it has been done within two or three
months.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no doubt of the fact,
though I do not know the parties who have been
so promoted. This law, fairly and faithfully ad-
ministered , seems to me to hold out the necessary
rewaid to the private soldier. I should certainly
not approve of a mle which required only one third
! of our officers to be educated for the Army, and
S took the larger amount of two thirds from theun-
'< educated privates. 1 do not know that I shall be
I quite satisfied to vote for this bill, because I sup-
j1 pose the officers who will be graduated at West
i j Point under it will scarcely be competent to assume
i' commands before this war, which now creates the
I; demand for so many officers, will have terminated;
j! and if the war is to continue four years longer, we
l| shall be unable to pay appropriations for the sup-
ij port of West Point, or any other establishment of
[i Government, I think, unless the expenditures of
j! the Aimy and Navy shall be made upon a very
I: difFeicnt scale from the present. No nation that
!, now exists, oi that history records, can or ever
j did endure such enormous burdens of expendi-
!, turc as ouis. Less than four years of such ex-
penditure would inevitably plunge the Govern-
.! mentand people into bankruptcy. At whatever
penod the wm may terminate, there must be a
i! vast reduction of the Army, and I think that we
shall not then require these additional cadets. For
j; myself, sir, whether the war be ended in four
j: years oi four months, I wish to see the Aimy re-
;' duced to a very moderate establishment. I do not
say that I would restrict it to the precise number
allowed by law before these unhappy dissensions
mvohed us m a war so vast; but I would cer-
tainly keep it down to a very low figure, I believe
that standing armies, though they have been said
II to be the pillars of the State m time of war, are
| just as universally admitted to be the catayHlars
i  of the State in time of peace. I lather think that
this remaik apphes even now.
Hut, sir, if we ate to have an army. I desire that
' it be commanded by rdncatcd officers. 1 am sat-
isfied that stupidity is not the result of a good
I education in any institution any more than at the
Military Academy, where the instruction is thor-
ough, the discipline strict, and the necessity of
study is insisted upon. The stupidity, or want of
common sense, which is said to have marked an
officer who graduated ninth in his class, could no
more have been the fault of the institution than
of any supposed Boeotian atmosphere surround-
ing West Point. Stupid lads sometimes get to
West Point as cadets, hut they are almost certain
to be dismissed from it for want of proficiency
before graduation. Men of talents may be defi-
cient of common sense. They may readily acquire
knowledge in the different branches of study
which they pursue at the academy, and even dis-
tinguish themselves as scholars, and yet may not
have the tact, the practical sagacity, and the mil-
itary spirit necessary to make a good soldier.
That I admit. Great military genius is notindeed
the offspring of education, which may develop
and improve, but does not create it. It is like all
great abilities, the gift of Heaven. But I had sup-
posed that proficiency in the profession of arms
was to be acquired by study as in any other art.
Supposing, then, the cadets to be taken, as will
readily be seen to bo the case, fairly from the
youth of the country, they must be better qualified
to perform the duties of their profession after dil-
igent study of it, under competent instructors,
than if they were brought into the Army without
previous instruction, and when the time for action
was at hand, were left to acquire in the field the
knowledge which should have been stored up dur-
ing a military apprenticeship. I think that the
value of the Military Academy has been amply
demonstrated m the field. 1 am, therefore, for
preserving it and maintaining it at thc# highest
standard." I doubt, however, whether it is ncces-
sary or advisable to increase the number of cadets
now or perhaps hereafter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 did not wish to be un-
derstood as not being in favor of having educated
officers. I desire to have about one third of them
that have been cducatcd at the military school,
and the other two thirds that have been educated
in the field and have come up from the ranks, in
order to give hope of promotion to every soldier
in the ranks of the Aimy. It is that which gives
such power and efficiency to the French army, in
my opinion; and I think if the same system were
adopted here in our Army, it would be better than
it is now. I did nor say that it was not possible
for a soldier from the lanks to be appointed to an
office and to hold a commission as an officer. He
may be appointed, he sometimes is appointed,
from the ranks; but we know how those appoint-
ments usually are made. I would prefer ihat our
officers should be educated in the field or educated
in the school—one or the other; and for the sake
of the soldiers, and to put life and vigor into the
whole corps, I would desire to hold out the hope
of promotion to every soldier in the ranks of the
Army, that he might come up and get his com-
mission.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Committee
on Military Affaiis, I think unanimously, reported
this bill in compliance with a recommendation of
the Secretary of War. It w evident that a large
portion of the Senate, probably a majority, are
opposed to its passage. I do not, under present
circumstances, rise for the purpose of piessing it
to a vote, or of urging its passage. I am willing,
upon one ground, to abandon this bill, as I am
willing to abandon many other measures that I
believe in, in the present exigency of the country.
We are drifting into bankruptcy. I think that
within the next ten days this Congress should pass
a bill laying a tax of§100,000,000 or $150,000,000;
and at the earliest practical moment, we should
pass a bill icducing the salaries of all officers in
th<-> civil, military, and naval service of the coun-
try to the lowest possible point. I am ready to
vote a tax upon the people; I am ready to vote
for a reduction of salaries; and to throw off every
item of expenditure that can now be thrown off.
Therefore,upon the ground of economy, and upon
that only, I am willing to abandon this bill. If it
be put upon the ground that has been urged that
the institution at West Point has been the nursery
of treason, that it has educated a class of officers
disloyal to the country, or a class of officers that
arc not fit for the positions that have been assigned
them, 1 shall not vote against the bill on that
ground.
The Senator from Kansas is opposed to West
