3144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
and so it would have been in Louisiana, if th^ poll
had been fair. Then we were in duty bound to
inaugurate this war; we were in duty bound to go
to the rescue of those loyal people, and we so de-
cided it at first. They might not have been com-
batants, but they were loyal people, and we had
guarantied to them a republican form of govern-
ment. "We have gone there; I trust we have gone
there ns men ought to go, in pursuance of the stip-
ulations of our Government, and if it turns outby
some accident or other that in the meanwhile they
have all changed their minds and are all now unan-
imously against us, then our labor is lost. We
cannot subjugate any people who are unanimously
against us, particularly under circumstances of
this kind. If that be so, as 1 said before, our labor
is lost, because we have no constitutional ma-
chinery by which to seize upon and take hold of an
exterior province and govern it by virtue of our
conquest. No man desires it, no man wishes it,
because that itself would be the overthrow of our
Constitution—by the admission that the seceded
States had gone out, were out; and that being out
we could make a valid conquest of them.
I have no doubt there are gentlemen hero in
favor of subjugation, and were from the very
first, because almost everything that they have
done since then has indicated that that was their
original idea; but I say that was not the original
idea of the American people; it was not the ori-
ginal idcaof the American Congress,because they
declared otherwise; and if they declared what was
not their real opinion at that time, so much the
worse for iltose who did so, and it will come to
naught. "We, as a nation, are responsible before
God and before the world and to ourselves for
the honesty of our motives and the correctness of
our intentions. If we expect that we can violate
the right, trample it underfoot, regardless of any-
thing except our own desire for vengeance, we
shall be taught hillerly and mournfully the truth
of the text: " Vengeance is mine, saiih the Lord;
I will repay." And that text is not only a re-
vealed truth, it is a truth in nature that he who
seeks any advantage, whether an individual or a
nation, for the mere purposes of revenge, will fail;
he will never get vengeance; the recoil will be
upon himself; it will be "engineer hoist by his
own petard." The world is full of examples of
it. It is not an arbitrary law because it was re-
vealed, but it. was revealed because it was in na-
ture from the beginning. The experience of every
man in private life who has ever tried an experi-
ment of that kind ought to have taught him so.
Ti ample upon the weakest for purposes of venge-
ance, and lie who undertakes it will find that he
Iiiih sown the sorrow and reaped the produce
of it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania a question, and that
is, whether the Government of the United States
has not the right, tind whether it is not its duty,
to prevent any separate and independent govern-
ment from being established witliin its borders,
even if the whole people within a certain area
determined so to do?
Mr. COWAN. That is another and entirely
di(Tureniquestion,notaquestion of constitutional
law, but a queeticm of policy; and how far it can
ever be n question in this country is yet to bo de-
termined, because it has never arisen. It cannot
mise readily, according to the principles upon
which wo established our Government, and 1 am
very free to say that, guided by those principles,
it. would be a violation of them upon our part to
seize upon any contiguous territory, or even to
subjugate and make conquest of territory within
our own borders, because we believed it would
add to our security or our convenience. It is the
doctrine of European politics unquestionably, and
it has been attempted to be established as the doc-
trine in this country on the part of the southern
secessionists, that if Cuba was necessary to our
safety, and if it would contribute to our defense
in the future, we ought to seize it, right or wrong.
Mr. WILMOT. Will my colleague answer
this question: have we a right to preserve the in-
tegrity of the Republic against all enemies?
Mr. COWAN. My whole speech has been to
answer that very question. We have a right to
maintain the integrity of the Republic, of course,
under c< rtp.in conditions; butas nobody supposes
the Republic will be eternal, that it will last al-
ways, and that it can last as against the will of
the people who created it, my colleague will have
to consider the question as answered.
Mr. WILKINSON. If I have understood the
Senator from Pennsylvania correctly, his argu-
ment is this: that if all the people of South Car-
olina choose to go out of tnis Union, and to set
up a separate and independent government, the
Government of the United States has no right to
prevent them. My question was, whether the
Government of the United States was justified in
permitting a separate and independent govern meat
to be established within its borders, although the
entire people of a certain area determined to do
so, and that leads directly to the argument in the
case. If every man, woman, and child, within
the borders of the State of South Carolina, should
determine to set up a separate and independent
government antagonistic to that of the United
States,is this Government justified in sitting down
quietly and permitting it to be done?
Mr. COWAN. We have solemnly and unani-
mously decided here that we were not seeking to
conquer and subjugate the people of the southern
States, but to rescue and restore to them the Gov-
ernment displaced by the rebellion. That wc do
by virtue of the Constitution and of our rights
under it. My honorable friend from Minnesota,
however, goes further, and asks, in the case he
puts, if the whole of the people of South Caro-
lina were to refuse obedience t<> the Government
of the United States, whether we would bejusti-
fied in permitting them to establish an independ-
ent government for themselves? I answer that is
a question of policy, to be determined after we
had put down all armed resistance,and found the
unanimity of her people against us. We would
then consider the necessity of holding her as a
conquered province; and I should say thatitought
to be a most pressing necessity which would just-
ify us if we did do so; however, we would, by
that act, virtually admit her out of the Union, and
hold her the same as a foreign State which was
ours by the fortune of war. This we would do
by virtue of the laws of nations, and not by virtue
of our constitutional authority over her, and here
lies the difference: we might have chosen at the
outset of this war to consider the seceded States
out of the Union, and we might have determined
to conquer them—not to restore them again as
States in the Union, but to hold them at our will
—this would have been conquest, subjugation. On
the other hand, we had a right to consider the re-
bellion as only partial, and not involving the whole
people, and that we would suppress it, and restore
the Union as before, and wo took the question
distinctly as to which of the two modes we would
adopt—when it was decided that we would not con-
3tier or subjugate, but restore. And, Mr. Prcsi-
ent, f am for standing there, and under that hy-
pothesis, I hold it utterly impossible to succeed
tf the whole people arc against us, because we can
only adopt the other mode of conquest by going
back now, and admitting what we at first denied
on all hands, namely, that the seceded States
were actually out of the Union, and to be dealt
with wholly under the laws of nations, and not
under the Constitution. Ara we ready to do that?
I think not; but that we must go on as we have
started, and maintain ourselves upon it consist-
ently till the end; and then if such an extraordi-
nary unanimity of the people is found against us
as has been predicated here, it will be time enough
to settle and determine the question of policy, of
conquest.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator tries to dodge
the issue a little. He supposes the case of Cuba.
That is not a parallel case. We do not propose to
go outside of the limits of the United States. The
Question that I propounded to him is as to the
uty of this Government to maintain its integrity
over its own territory and within its own border.
It is not as to our going to Cuba. I do not base
my question upon the doctrines of the Ostend
manifesto. I ask whether it is not the bounden
duty of this Government, as an independent, sep-
arate nation, to maintain the integrity of every
inch of its territory within its limits, no matter
what the people of a certain district may say or
do or decide m regard to it. I do not want the
Senator to go off and try to draw me on to the
platform of James Buchanan and Mr. Souie in
their Ostend manifesto.
Mr. COWAN. I have said, Mr. President, as
a matter of constitutional law, that there was no
authority, but that it was a question of policy;
and as that question had not been settled in this
country, as it had notarisen for the consideration
of our statesmen, I have no opinion to express
upon it, except the one I have expressed, that
nothing but the most pressing necessity to enable
us to secure ourselves would authorize us to do it
under our form of Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I consider the question of the
honorable Senator from Minnesota to be abstract;
but I will answer it, although I so conceive it'to
be. I say that it is the right and the duty of the
Government of the United States to assert its au-
thority and its laws to the utmost limits of the ter-
ritory of the United States at all times and on all
occasions. But that is a point not at all material
to the matter now in issue. The questions that
come up under this bill are two: first, is it proper
at this time, and has Congress the power to pass
a bill for provisional governments of the seceded
States as proposed by theSenator fromNew York?
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. You know what I am at; and
when I get along a little further 1 shall be happy
to hear you.
Mr. CARLILE. I merely wish to understand
the Senator's position as to the question of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. CARLILE. Iunderstand the Senator from
Kentucky to say that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment of the United States to assert its authority
everywhere within the limits of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARLILE. If I understand the Senator
correctly, I concur with him; but it must assert
that authority in pursuance of the Constitution,
and I deny that it has any authority to reduce
States.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, if you had just heard me
alittle, you would have understood what I wasat?
Mr. Senator from Virginia; and I think you would
find that there was no difference in principle be-
tween us.
Mr. CARLILE. That is what I supposed. I
wanted to give the Senator an opportunity to
show it.
Mr. DAVIS. This is what I assert as a broad
proposition, that it is the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to assert the authority and execute the
laws of the United States every where within their
boundaries, at all times and under all circum-
stances. The laws of Congress it is the duty of this
Government to execute in all the States and Ter-
ritories. If there are any treaties which are to have
operation in any part of the United States, they
being part of the supreme law of the land, made
under the authority of the United States Govern-
ment, that Government is to see that those treaties
are executed wherever it is necessary and proper
that they should be executed. But I come now to
the question: has Congress the power to pass the
bill under debate ? I hold that it has not, and I will
endeavor to state an argument or two to sustain
that position. The United States are required by
the Constitution to guaranty to every State in the
Union arepublican form of government, and from
that provision the power to pass this bill is de-
duced by the honorable Senator from New York.
To answer the question whether it does authorize
Congress to pass such a law, we must understand
what that provision of the Constitution means.
It consists of two branches: first, the form of gov-
ernment must be republican; and, secondly, Con-
gress shall guaranty such a government to every
State in the Union. We all understand what a
republican form of government is, I presume. A
government formed by the people and in which
the principal officers and agents are selected by
them, is a republican form of government, and no
other form of government is republican.
The fundamental law of the government, to
constitute it a republican form of government,
must be made by the people, and the agencies by
which that government is carried on and operated
must be appointed or elected by them. Accord-
ing to this definition, no intelligent man will main-
tain that the governments provided for m this bill
would be republican. They would not be such
governments as Congress is authorized to guar-
anty to the people of a State. The other ques-
tion arises, what is meant by the term " guaran-
ty?" The honorable Senator from Virginia gave
