1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
122&
sented; and as it has already been very fully dis-
cussed by others, I will endeavor briefly to give
the views which 1 entertain in relation to the subject,
which is the permitting the assessment and collec-
tion of these taxes by the several States and Terri-
tories, I suppose, and providing for their account-
ability to the Government of the United States.
Every member here would seem to desire, if he
could, and if there were any advantage in it, to
exclude as much as possible the action of the
General Government within the limits of any
State; but for myself, I have no great reluctance
to the presence of the General Government where
ever it has a right to be under the Constitution, to
which it has owed its existence, and to the exer-
cise of all its rightful powers in every portion of
the Union, wherever it is expedient that they
shall be exercised. And now, sir, unless there
are some decided advantages in transferring this
power and duty to the States, inasmuch as it is
within the sphere of the action of the General
Government, I am willing that the General Gov-
ernment shall exercise it.
Let it be remembered, in the firstplacc, that this
is probably not to bo a single exercise of power.
If it were, wc might dispose of the question with,
perhaps, very little consideration; but from the
circumstances of the country, and from the pros-
pect before us, it is evident that we arc now in-
augurating a measure which is, unfortunately, to
be of a somewhat permanent character.
.Now, sir, what are the advantages that are pro-
posed by gentlemen who are advocating the trans-
fer of this duty to the States? The first is, that
it would satisfy the popular feeling in the States
in favor of excluding the action of the General
Government within their borders in relation to a
measure of this description. Waving already ad-
verted to that point, I have nothing more which
I desire to say upon it.
The next advantage which they suggest is, that
it may diminish the expenses of the collection of
the taxes, and may be so arranged as to save
whatever the diminution may be to the people of
the'States. I admit that if the saving .should be
of any considerable amount that would be an ad-
vantage that should influence the action of the
House, or at least that would be entitled to great
consideration in connection with the other features
of the plan; and I think it must also be conceded
that if the provision^ of this bill could be carried*,
out by the States through their own agents the
collection of this tax might be made with less ex-
pense than if it were collected through the ma-
chinery of the General Government. 1 think that,
aS a general rule, the management of our State
affairs is more economical than the management
of the affairs of the General Government. In the
State governments all are accustomed to work for
less compensation than in the General Govern-
ment. But the amount which can be saved here
could only be deduced by a careful consideration
of the expenses which would be incurred in one
way or another, and until that is done it is a mere
general and indefinite view of the subject, and it
cannot from such views be determined to how
much weight this consideration would be entitled
in comparison with the other considerations con-
nected, w ith the bill. But if there were no objec-
tions to be considered, I should be willing that
the matter should take that course.
The question, however, here arises, are there
any objections existing against this modification
of the measure? Many objections have already
been suggested. It is said "that the provisions of
the bill are of such a nature that its objects cannot
be carried out if its execution is intrusted to State
management. Well, I can see that there would
be difficulties m relation to that matter. They arc
very obvious. ?eitain of the duties that are to
be discharged by the officers to be appointed under
this bill arc so various, so directly connected with
. the Treasury Department and occur so frequently,
that without the intervention of this intermediate
agency there might be a want of promptness, ac-
curacy, and accountability. Possibly this objec-
tion might be obviated on a redraft of the bill;
but there is, to my mind, another consideration
which has been adverted to, and which I think is
far more important than this, and that is the want
of accountability on the part of the States. Let
us look at that for a moment. Suppose a tax of
ten or fifteen or twenty millions of dollars is to
be collected from the people of the State of New
York; will the State of New York agree to be-
come responsible to the General Government for
the whole amount of that tax? The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkung] says
of course she must, or she cannot avail herself
of this proposed provision of the bill; that that
may be made a condition precedent. I agree to
that; but if you make this a condition precedent,
no State will accept the duty. What then would
be the use of incorporating such a provision in the
bill ? It is proper, therefore, at the outset to look
at the condition precedent which you propose to
make, and see whether any State will or ought to
accept it. I confess that 1 am faithless upon that
subject. I do not think that any State of the
Union will step in between the General Govern-
ment and the tax-payers and undertake to guar-
anty that the whole property of the inhabitants
of the State shall be pledged to make up the full
amount of the tax which ought to be assessed on it.
But, sir, there is another point made. It is said
that if this trust is placed in the hands of the States
it may be unequally administered. Itsecmstomc
that there is danger of that. I do not undertake
to say that my State is more honest than other
States, but I do undertake to say thatsome States,
if they are controlled, as States too often are, by
the interests of their own people, will try to shift
the burdens that might otherwise properly fall
upon them to other States, which, if not more
honest, are less sagacious. This is unfortunately
human nature, but it is human nature, and we
must take it into account in our legislation.
Mi.ROSCOE CONKLING. Ifthegentleman's
present suggestion is a good one, I hope that this
amendment will fail. If there is any danger that
New Hampshire and Rhode Island and those other
States would beinfluenced byany such temptation,
why then I should fear for the fate of New York,
because I know that she would be the last State
to have either the sagacity or the selfishness to
which the gentleman refers. Ifthere really is this
danger, I ccitamly should not like the proposed
amendment to prevail.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I had not
supposed that the State of New Hampshire, or
Rhode Island, or the honestState of Connecticut, or
any of the old New England States, would be likely
to shrink from their share of the public burdens,
and I should not like to say that I thought the
great State of New York would do it, although
they have done almost everything in the last ten
years that any State could do. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, 1 think there is another consid-
eration which will have some weight in the House.
If yon adopt this foreshadowed amendment, in
what relation are you to place the States and the
General Government? What accountability will
there be on the part of the States to the Treasury
of the General Government? Suppose that that
accountability shall be fairly exercised; suppose
a State shall collect all the taxes that fairly devolve
upon it through its agents; suppose it shall pay it
all over to the'General Government promptly and
faithfully, everything, then, is easy and friendly, if •
there is any friendship m political communities; at
any rate, there will be no discord and no contest.
But suppose the reverse to happen; suppose any
State shall shrink from its duty; suppose any State
is unable to make this collection, or shall fail to ac-
count to the General Government; will it not create
at once a controversy between the General Gov-
ernment and the State government which will lead
to embittered feelings, as have those controversies
which have heretofore existed between the Gen-
eral Government and other State governments,
and which would far outweigh all the pecuniary
advantage which might result from the difference
in the cost of collection 5
These, Mr. Chairman, are some of the sugges-
tions which, I think, are deserving of considera-
tion; and nothing but then-importance has induced
me to trouble the committee for a moment in re-
gard to this measure. Still, I did not feel that I
would be doing my duty to my own State if I
failed to present my general views.
Now, we are alt talking about something that
is not tangible. No one can undertake to say
whether he would or would not sustain a measure
of the character proposed, until that measure be
presented in some specific form. It something of
this kind were presented,and were seen to be prac-
ticable, and if its ad vantages overbalanced its dis-
advantages, then this committee might favor it, oi
perhaps members might express their opinions ae
to the general abstract question, whether we ought
to pass the execution of this law over to the States
or not, provided we could have a measure framed
that made it safe and expedient to do so. But it
is perfectly evident that if we should now vote to do
so, we would have to wait till a new bill is framed,
and then if we found that that bill did not answer,
we should have to reject it. For myself, I will
not undertake to express any opinion on that
point now, because there is nothing before the
committee on which to vote.
I have thrown out these suggestions, to be
weighed on one side or the other, just as the sug-
gestions made by other gentlemen are to be
weighed, so that we may be ready to come to a
conclusion whenever the question shall come be-
fore us in a form in which it can be passed upon
and decided.
Mr. HOOPER. Would it be in order, Mr.Chair-
man, to propose an amendment to the amendment
submitted by my colleague ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment suggested
by the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Eliot] is not
before the committee.
Mr. HOOPER. Well, I should like to have
read an amendment which, at the proper time, I
desire to propose.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And provided also, That in any State, the Governor
whereot bhall officially cause it to be notified to the Presi-
dent, that such State wiii cause to be duly collected the
duties on impoitcd goods, the provisions of law establish-
ing and legulating custom-houses shall not apply to that
State.
Mr. HOOPER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my colleague; but if this change in the
mode of collecting revenue is wise, I see no reason
why it should not be extended to the collection of
the revenue derived from the duties on imported
goods.
It would certainly be a great convenience to any
State that may hereafter propose to secede from
the Union, to have all the machinery for collect-
ing the national revenues under the control of the
State; and it must be a matter of regret to all the
friends of secession that such provision had not
been introduced in the revenue laws before they
commenced their rebellion.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, the
hour is late, and I am well aware that in this House
nothing is more unbusinesslike than bona fide busi-
ness. I think, however, that this tax bill is to be
the touchstone of our patriotism. It is the price
that we are to pay for being true and loyal to our
country. It will be a better schoolmaster and
will teach us more than a great many other lect-
ures which we have heard in this Hall or received
through the public press. I know very well that
this formidable machinery of Federal collectors is
going to be a more impressive argument m the
country than any muttenngs thathave been heard;
and while I would not add at all to the formidable
character of that monster, still it is of the highest
importance that this tax bill should be made effect-
ive. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] has said enough just now, to show in
whose hands it can be made effective.
Now, what are the dutiesof a collecting officer?
Let any gentleman examine this bill, consider the
various licenses to be granted, and the hupdred
and one various articles to be taxed, and the in-
ternal duties to be levied, and the numerous items
of taxation embraced under the miscellaneous
head, and then let him consider the system of
11 taxation in Great Britain, and he will see how
|| vast is the machinery required. Great Britain has
ij in England and ^Vales not less than fifty-six col-
li lectors of excise, the whole kingdom being divided
into a thousand districts. It is that which ren-
ders easy the collection of taxes there, because
theyare collected i( by dribs and drabs, collected
as they spring from day to day and from month
to month. Theyare not suffeied to accumulate,
as our State taxes uru, Jill the end of the year.
Now, I am veiy well satisfied that the assessor
will require fifty or one hundred assistants in each
State, arid that the collector canno'tget along with-
outtlouble that number of assistants, even in small
Slates. The duties of these officers arc very oner-
ous. It has been stated that in almost every town-
ship in thedifferentStates,undertheirlocal system
of taxation, an assessor is appointed. Perhaps he.
is a county officer, with deputies in each township.
After he makes his assessments and reports to the
