1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3145
a most succinct and clear and undeniable defin-
ition of that terra. It dots not mean that Con-
gress shall make a government for a State, but
that it shall assure it, shall maintain and uphold
for the people of every State a republican form of
government. I will illustrate the case by the ex-
ample of the State of Kentucky. That State has
a republican form of government. Its form of
government was submitted to the Congress of the
United States when that State waa admitted into
the Union, and it received the sanction of Con-
gress as a republican form of government in such
admission. Since this insurrection and trouble
broke out, a faction in the southern part of the
State of Kentucky attempted to set up a provis-
ional government in opposition to the real con-
stitutional government of that State, with which
to overthrow it. There was a case for the inter-
position of Congress under this clause in the Con-
stitution. It wa3 the duty of Congress th«n to
interpose between these conflicting systems of
government in the State of Kentucky, the one le-
gitimate and republican, the other spurious and
invalid, and to uphold and guaranty to the peo-
ple of the State of Kentucky their true constitu-
tional republican government against that spuT
rious government which was sought to be set up
in its stead and to be made to supersede it. It is
in that way that Congress guarantied to the peo-
ple of the State of Kentucky a republican form of
government.
Now, sir, how is it in relation to this matter
with the State of Tennessee? At the beginning
of the struggle made by the United States Gov-
ernment to put down this insurrection, we found
the State of Tennessee subjugated by the insur-
gents and altogether under their military power;
and a pretended confederate government claimed
to exercise authority over the whole State. What
has been done? The Government of the United
States has marched its armies into Tennessee. It
has to a considerable extent met and overthrown
the insurgent armies. It lias reconquered most of
that State to the possession and to the jurisdiction
and authority of the United States. It is the duty
of the United States Government to go on with
this work of expelling the insurrectionary govern-
ment from Tennessee until the work is completely
accomplished. Then what is its further duty? It
is to set up, to reassert, to guaranty to the people
of the State of Tennessee their republican and
constitutional State government, which was over-
thrown by the insurgents in the beginning of their
war of rebellion; and that is all the duty of the
Congress of the United States in the premises.
Well, suppose that the whole of the State of
Tennessee cannot for the time, or for a consider-
able time, be occupied by the authority of the
United States as it is carried into that State by our
armies, and that a portion of that State was still
held by the insurgent armies, and therefore could
not be brought in obedience to the laws of Con-
gress and the authority of the General Govern-
ment, what would be the duty of the Congress of
the United States? It would be to guaranty, to
uphold, and to enforce the former constitutional
State government of the State of Tennessee to the
loyal people of that State so far as it had power
to do so; and that would be the exercise of the
whole of the legitimate and constitutional power
of Congress—as at present in Virginia.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator in a friendly
way allow me to state a case and get his opinion
upon it?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Take an extreme case; I will
put an extreme case for the purpose of considera-
tion. Suppose that the State of South Carolina,
by a unanimous vote of all its people, should set
up a monarchical form of government, would it
not be the duty of the Government of the United
States, in regard to itself and in regard to all the
other States which have republican forms of gov-
ernment anddestre to maintain them,to overthrow
that monarchical form of government and setup
a republican form of government?
Mr. DAVIS. Mostcertainlyitwould. It would
do it precisely in this way: it would march our
armies for the purpose of asserting and upholding
the authority of the United States into the State
of South Carolina. It would, i'f necessary, occupy
every foot of territory within the State,and when-
ever it did so, there would be found to be a large
portion of loyal men true to the Government of !
the United States in that State; and whether they
constituted the majority or the minority, it would
be the duty of the United States Government, and
of Congress, to set up the old State government
which had been wrongfully subverted,and guar-
anty it there, in the territory of the State of South
Carolina, to and for the benefit, protection, and
government of the loyal people of the State.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will bear in mind
that I puta case where a monarchical government
was set up by the vote of everybody in the State,
so that there were no loyal people there.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a very handsome thing to
put extreme and impossible cases
. Mr. CLARK. But it sometimes tests principle.
Mr. DAVIS. But an extreme and impossible
case more frequently is no test at all. The only
true mode of testing a principle and ascertaining
its soundness, is by the presentation of a reason-
able and practical case.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will hear me one
moment. I did not put an impossible case, but
I put one that may be somewhat improbable.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is impossible.
Mr. CLARK. 'Will the Senator allow me, if it
doesnotinterrupthim,to call his attention to an act-
ual case. Take for instance the State of Florida, a
State which asserts th atit is ou t of the Union. I n the
easterly part of Florida there is a very large Union
population; in the westerly part there is a large
secession element, largely predominant, and they
control the Legislature, which is at Tallahassee.
Now has not this Government the power in order
to restore that State to the Union, to form a nu-
cleus of a new State government by a provisional
government, around which the citizens in the
easterly partandall the Union citizens may rally?
Mr. DAVIS, Not at all; and I will now pro-
ceed with the argument. I think the case under
consideration depends upon and involves a very
plain principle. It seems so to my mind. I will
take the case presented to me by the Senator from
New Hampshire; the case of Florida. We find
Florida, if you please, to be in this condition:
the authority of the United States Government
is wholly overthrown in it, and a spurious and
usurped government is set up in its stead. What,
then, is the duty and business of the Govern-
ment of the United States? It is to overthrow this
spurious and usurped government, and to reassei t
in Florida the authority and jurisdiction of the
United States Government, and to enforce the
laws of Congress within the State to its utmost
limits. Whenever that is done in relation to Flor-
ida, or any other State, a large portion, and I be-
lieve in every State with the exception of South
Carolina a majority of the people, will be found
giving their adherence to the United States Gov-
ernment and in the discharge of their duty and
their loyalty, and for these people it is the duty
of the United States to set up and guaranty the
State governments which they had formed before
this trouble. In relation to South Carolina itself,
it is the duty of the United States Government to
require obedience to it of every citizcn of the Uni-
ted States in the State of South Carolina, but be-
fore, oratthesame time thatshe demands this obe-
dience from the citizen, it is their duty to protect
that citizen, and to place him in such a position of
security and defense, that he may peacefully and
safely perform his duty to the General Govern-
ment. The obligations of protection and loyalty"
are reciprocal. The United States Government
has no right, and it is unjust and absurd that it
should claim loyalty and obedience on the part of
the citizen without affoi ding safety and protection
to that citizen in the discharge of thatduty to the
Government.
Now, sir, whenever the United States Govern-
ment performs its duty to the citizens in any of the
States, even in South Carolina, I hold and main-
tain, and I am authorized to assume thatposition
by the example of Tennessee and North Alabama
and Florida, that there will be found a large party
loyal to the Government of the United States,
whose voice has been subjugated and silenced by
the presence of a military power that has displaced
the legitimate Government. It is the duty of the
United States Government to extend to them its
protection, to give them peace and perfect security,
and to enable tlicm—without military execution,
without having the halter put around their necks
by usurpers—to perform their obligation of obedi-
ence and loyalty to their own Government. The
Government of the United States must place itself .
in that position beforeitcan rightly and justly de-
mand obedience from any citizen whatever.
But while the United States is putting down in-
surrection in a State, their armies may, for a time,
hold only a part of its territory, and the other in-
surgentsmay occupy the other portion. The Pres-
ident may, in such a stateof case, appoint a mili-
tary, Governor, and authorize him to establish a
quasi government to maintain order and protect
the people in thepartof theStateoccupied by our
Army. Stanly and Johnson are setting up those
necessary military governments in North Carolina
and Tennessee, as General Scott did in Mexico
when the United States were at war with that
country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the committee to the third section.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
"and institutions,"so that it will read, " not in-
terfering with the laws existing in such State."
These words, " and institutions'* there, are mere
surplusage; 1 take it that they really add nothing
to the word "laws;" I think, therefore, that there
can be no objection to their being struck out; but
being there I think that they are somewhat offen-
sive. In this country there is but one " institu-
tion." All the world knows that; and when that
phrase is carefully introduced,44 and institutions,"
it means only one institution. 1 think therefore
the phrase had better go out, so that the section
shall read," not interfere with the laws existing in
such State;" and if that be adopted, I shall have
still another amendment to move in regard to the
laws; but I believe that the Senator from New
York will not object to the amendment which I
now move.
Mr. HARRIS. I am in favor of that amend-
ment. I do not like the word " institutions" as
it appears in this section. I do not think it adds
anything to the effect of the section, and 1 agree
with the Senator from Massachusetts that it may
be misinterpreted. I am in favor of his amend-
ment.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not see the Senator from
Kentucky in his seat, who indicated an intention
of submitting a motion; and in order to test the
sense of the Senate, and to save the time of the
Senate if a majority of the body^shall be disin-
clined to pass the bill, I submit the motion that
the Senator from Kentucky said he would submit
after the discussion had closed, and that is to in-
definitely postpone the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind the Senator
•that we have not yet gone through the bill. Let
the bill be perfected. Let the different proposi-
tions be offered in regard to it that Senators have
to offer; and then, if the Senator wishes it, he may
bring forward his motion.
Mr. CARLILE. The object I have is to save
the time of the Senate. If the Senate shall be
against the principle of this bill, it cannot be so
amended as to secure its passage, unless it be en-
tirely changed. I make the motion for the pur-
pose of saving the time of the Senate. It is not
worth while to have the Senate occupied with
amendments when the principle of the bill is ob-
noxious to a majority of the body. 1 therefore
submit the motion that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned, and I ask for the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say but a single
word. So far as thecreation of ajudicial tribunal
of some kind is concerned, it is necessary. The
Constitution in express language authorizes Con-
gress to create it. The creation of the office of
marshal to enforce the decrees of this judicial tri-
bunal is also necessary and proper. Beyond that,
in my opinion, it is not necessary to go in the
present state of the country. I do not deem it
necessary to provide for the creation of a legisla-
tive tribunal, or the creation of a Governor to
execute the laws in those States; but that there
should be courts to administer laws and to ledress
private grievances, and that we should have mar-
shals to enforce their decisions; and that the Con-
stitution clearly gives us that power, is, it seems
to me, beyond question. 1 simply hope that this
matter may he over until to-moi iow, and with
this suggestion I think the bill may be  so fiamed
as to obviate any serious objection, and retain all
there is that is valuable in it, and provide for the
necessity which arises in these insurrectionary
