1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STRATTON. 1 trust the amendment will
not be adopted by the House. If the person for
whose benefit this bill is proposed is entitled to
anything she is entitled to what was originally
reported by the committee—forty dollars a month.
The amendment adopted by the Committee of the
Whole reduces the amount to the pension of a
private. Her husband was a surgeon in the Army
of the United States, and she is entitled to the pen-
sion originally reported.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely desire
to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the naval appropriation bill was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was entered.
LOUISA ABUItT BYRNE AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill itself appropriates
ten dollars more per month than is allowed by
the general law to the wife of any soldier or offi-
cer in the service of the country. The bill imme-
diately preceding the one on the Calendar gives
a pension to a soldier disabled for life of only
eight dollars a month. Now, this case isnotclearly
made out so far as the evidence is concerned; but
allowing that it was, it seems to me that this case
should be put upon the same footing as that of a
soldier disabled for life; and it strikes me there
can be no possible ground for not passing the
amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that if the proof 111 this case
is not clear and satisfactory, we ought not to pay
anything. If it is satisfactory and we pay any-
thing, I sue no reason wjjiy we should depart from
the uniform practice heretofore established. We
make a distinction between the pay of officei s mid
men. That is right and proper. The officer who j
commands is presumed to have qualified himself
for command. That has taken time and taken
money. The surgeon who practices in the Aimy
of the United States lias spent a large portion ot
his youth, and all his estate, to qualify himself as
surgeon; and when ho enters the Army of the
United States and dies, there is 110 reason why his
widow should not receive one half his pay.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman says if the
case is not clear, Congress ought not to grant the
relief prayed for. I have simply this to say to
that: if the case was cleaily made out, there is no
necessity for applying to Congress for relief. The
general pension law would grant the relief. I un-
derstand that the cases which come before Con-
gress for consideration are those where the proof
is not sufficient. When the Committee 011 Pen-
sions finds a case insufficiently made out, then
Co'ngress, in its bounty, without reference to the
strict rules of law, determines, under all the cir-
cumstances, what pension shall be granted.
Mr. P1I liLPS, of Missouri. I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiami
[Mr. Holmax] will not be adopted; but I am of
the opinion that the committee has fixed too large
a sum for the monthly pension of this widow. If
I am rightly informed, her husband held the rank
either of major by brevet or of major in the line,
and if that IS the case, the bill should be made to
conform to the law in lclation to the pensioning
of such officers. This pension, I believe, is either
twenty-five or thirty dollars per month, which is,
I think, the highest pension which, under our
pension laws, can be paid to any commissioned
officer who may die m the service of Ins country
or in the line of his duty. This bill fixes the pen-
sion at forty dollars. 1 do not know whether the
pension of a major is twenty-five dollars or thirty
dollars a month. The Committee 011 Invalid Pen-
sions ought to be familiar with the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that a bill has already passed fix-
ing the pension of a major at twenty-five dollars
per month.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana by stiiking out " eigrlit dollars," and insert-
ing " twenty-five dollars."
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the several bills and pending amendments.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. Is it competent to move the previous
question on more than one bill at a timer
The SPEAKER. Not if objection is made.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then I object.
Mr. FENTON. I call the previous question
on the pending bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; antf being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
EDWIN W'. JONES.
The bill of the House (No. 363) for the relief
of Edwin W. Jones was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House with the following
amendment; strike out the words "4th day of
March, 1849," and insert in lieu thereof " 16th
day of May, 18G2."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. This is a case that
I know nothing of, except from the reading of the
report, which interested me. It seems that this
poor soldier contracted in the Mexican war a life-
long disease, and that he is now bed-ridden from
chronic diarrhoea, from which he will never re-
cover, and from which he has been suffering for
five or six years. I do not believe the House
ought to concur in the amendment cutting off his
poor, pitiful pension for three years, during which
he has been laboring under this disability. I hope
the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I believe that it has been the
uniform practice of Congress to fix the dateofthe
commencement of an invalid pension at the date
of the passage of the bill itself, and not from the
date of the disability. I presume that was the rea-
son why the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
has] offered this amendment, and I hope it will
be concurred in.
.Mr. HOLMAN. The practice has been so uni-
form that I have seldom known a bill to pass here,
except under peculiar circumstances, where the
pension was dated back. The same principle was
adopted 111 the general pension bill which passed
a few days since. I think, myself, that the pen-
sion ought to date back to the time when the dis-
ability was incurred; but the other has been the
uniform policy of Congress. The exceptions have
been rare.
Mr. DUELL. That has not only been the prac-
tice here in Congress, but it is also the practice
before the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If it has been the
practice to fix the tune of the commencement of
a pension at the date of the passage of the bill, it
may have been well thus far, but a practice or a
precedent should never so far govern our action
as to induce us to do manliest injustice. Itisyery
clear, from the statement of the gentleman from
Indiana, [.Mr. White,] that this disability is of
that character that calls loudly upon us for the
passage of this bill, giving the applicant a pension
back to the time of the disability. I do hope,
therefore, that this House will not follow what
lhey esteem to have been a custom or precedent
blindly, when simple justice, and fair, honest
dealing require that a diffeient course should be
pursued.
Mr. HAR.RISON. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. HotsiAs] is mistaken in supposing
that the practice has been uniform in the particu-
lar which he mentions. The Committee on In-
valid Pensions had occasion, shortly after the
meeting of the present Congress, to examine the
subject"somewhat; and, after examining the pre-
cedents as well as the reasons for and against the
establishment of a uniform rule in*the premises,
the committee concluded to adopt the practice,
whenever they found an application to bo mento-
rious, of examining and deciding at what time
the pension ought to commence. They were con-
vinced that justice cannot be done either to ap-
plicants for invalid pensions or the Government
by the establishment of an inflexible rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire whetherthat
rule is not uniform, so far as the general legisla-
tion of Congress is concerned, and whether, 111
the greater number of the bills which have passed
Conoress grouting pensions in special cases, the
practice has not prevailed of allowing the pension
to begin only at the time of the enactment of the
dMr. HARRISON. Probably that is true as to
a majority of the cases; but there are certainly
numerous exceptions to the general practice that
may have prevailed; and from that fact, as well
as to do justice as nearly «s may be in each case,
the committee have concluded to examine
lass upon the questionasto whenapension shall
segin in every instance where a bill is reported.
The best general rule probably would be to pro-
vide that an invalid pension'shall commence from
the presentation of the petition of the applicant.
During this Congress the committee have not re-
ported a bill allowing the pension to begin at an
earlier date.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the corKct
rule in a case of this sort to be the same as ob-
tains in cases where the Government pays money.
The pension ought certainly and clearly to date
back to the time when the application was made
or the disability incurred. This Government has
repeatedly paid interest upon money from the
date at which the application for that money was
made.
Mr. HARRISON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow me to suggest that the rule pre-
vailing in the Pension Office is that the pension
shall commence from the completion of the proofs
and not from the decision of the case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was just going to re-
fer to that very point, and I think that rule full
strict. There is no reason why the pension should
not commence at the date of the application—none
in equity, and none certainly in justice.
Mr. LOOMIS. I would say to the gentleman
that the application for this pension, to my knowl-
edge, was presented during the first session of the
last Congress, and (luring that session the com-
mittee reported upon it favorably, as they have
done during the present Congress.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the bill
as proposing to go back further than the time when
application for pension was made?
Mr. WHITE, oflndiana. The bill goes back
to 1859; and the amendment makes it commence
in 18(i;2. I.think the amendment ought not to be
adopted. - .
Mr. RICHARDSON. If we could ascertain
the date when the application was first made for
a pension, that would be, in my judgment, tne
proper time for the pension to commence.
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on agreeing to
the amendment. .
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Fenton, and Kellogg of Michigan.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 3G, noes 59.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation the
bill was passed.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana,moved to rcconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPANISH BARK PROVIDENCIA.
House bill No. 305, for the relief of the owners,
officers,andcrewoftheSpanish barkProv.dencia,
reported fiom thcCommitteoofthe Whole House,
with a recommendation that it be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
Reports from the Court of Claims, reported from
the Committee of the Whole House with a rec-
ommendation that they be reterred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the several
votes by which the hills and reports were severally
disposed of; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICHARDSOJN,
(at, fifteen minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) 'he
House adjourned till Monday next.
