2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 19,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. PETITIONS,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of merchants of New York, praying for
the passage of a law establishing a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. COWAN presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the passage of a
general uniform bankruptlaw; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Car-
bon county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduc-
tion of the proposed tax on coal; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to adopt such
measures {<as will insure emancipation to all the
people throughout the whole land, and thus com-
plete the work which the Revolution began;"
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers of
J. W. Dyer, A. L. Dyer, and W. W. Pyer, prayins that the
amount of tonnage duties exacted from thefehipC'onnthian
may be refunded, on the files of the Senate, by teferred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FHOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethemdgk, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 278) for the relief of Joseph C.G,
Kennedy;
A bill (No. 327) for the relief of Sylvanus Burn-
ham;
A bill (No. 328) for the relief of Louisa Albert
Byrne;
A bill (No. 359) for the relief of John B. Mot-
ley;
A bill (No. 363) for the relief of Edwin "W.
Jones;
A bill (No. 482) fnr the relief of congressional
township No. 8 south, of range No. 3 east, in Mer-
cer county, Ohio; and
A bill (No, 485) for the relief of Philip Lans-
dale, surgeon United States Navy.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled billsand joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 222) to provide for the codifica-
tion and revision of the laws of the District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 240) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in primary schools through-
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 271) proscribing the qualification
of electors in the cities of Washington and George-
town, in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 304) to authorize the appoint-
ment of mcdtcal storekeepers and chaplains of
hospitals;
A joint resolution (S. No. 67) in relation to
the claim of Marshall 0. Roberts, for the loss of
the steamer Star of the West;
A bill (H. R. No. 125) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain;
A bill (H. R. No. 388) making appropriations
to reimburse the contingent fund of the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, including compen-
sation for additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary cleiks for the current fiscal
year, and for the year ending June 30, 1863; and
to provide for the employment of additional clerks
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St.
Louis; and
A bill (II. R. No. 446) supplementary to an act
approved on the 13th July, 1861, entitled " An act
to provide for the collection of duties on imports,
und for other purposes." '
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to give notice that to-mor-
row I shall ask leave to introduce a bill to aid in
restoring order and preserving the public peace
within the insurrectionary districts,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
316) to provide for the payment of lines and pen-
alties collected by or paid to the justices of the
peace of the District of Columbia, under the acts
of Congress approved the 3d and 5th of August,
1851, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introducea bill (S. No. 318)
for relief in the land claims in California, known
as claims of Francisco Soberanes to a tract of
land known as Sanjon de Santa Rita, and of Joseph
S. Alemany to the mission San Francisco Solano;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
AIDS-DE-CAMP TO GENERALS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wnrbedircctcd to com-
municate to the Senate the names of the seveial persons
appointed additional ald -de-eamp under the act of Con-
gross approved August 5, 1861, the d.ite of their appoint-
ment, where now employed, to the staff of what goneial
officer attached, and upon the recommendation of what
geneial officcr appointed.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to submit two resolutions; and as they are reso-
lutions calling for information, I hope there will
be no objection to their consideration:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Interior be directed
to furm*h the Senate with the names and the number of
vessels engaged m the --lave trade 111 the ^oiuhern district
of New Yotk, that have been ai rested and bonded from the
1st day of May, 1852, to the 1st day ofMay, 1862; together
with (lie names of the bondsmen, the amounts they were
bonded for, and the amount the Government has realized
by the forfomuc of tliose bonds."
'Resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior be direeted
to f'utnUh the Senate with the nam1"' of the petrous that
have been aire.vfed in the southern district of New Yoik,
chaiged with being engaged in the slave tiade, that have
been bailed fiom the 1st day ot May, 1852, to the l^t day of
Mav, 186J, together with the names of the bondsmen, the
amounts of the bonds, and the amount the Government has
realized from the toifeiiure ot those bonds.
The resolutions were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 17th instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company.
An act (S. No. 259) for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Chailes F. Ruff, of the United States
Army.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 278) for the relief of Joseph C. G.
Kennedy—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 327) for the relief of Sylvanus Burn-
ham—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No.*328) for the relief of Louisa Albert
Byrne—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 359) for the relief of John B. Mot-
ley—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 363) for the relief of Edwin W.
Jones—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 482) for the relief of congressional
township No. 8 south, of range No. 3 east, in
Mercercounty,Ohio—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No. 485) for the relief of Philip Lans-
dale, suigeon United States Navy—to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
JOHN GOULDING.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the bill (PI. 11. No. 329) for
the relief of John Goulding, to report it back with-
out amendment; and I am also instructed by the
committee to ask that the bill be put on its pas-
sage now. It has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and Mr. Goulding is a very old gen-
tleman.
Mr. GRIMES. What does it do?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the bill will be read for information.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
authorize John Goulding to apply to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for a renewal and extension, for
the term of seven years, of the letters patent here-
tofore granted to him for his improvement in ma-
chinery for the manufacture of wool and other
fibrous substances, and to empower the Commis-
sioner to grant such renewal and extension, or
withhold the same, under the existing laws, in the
same manner as if the application therefor had
been seasonably made; but the renewal and,ex-
tension is not to have the effect or be construed to
restrain persons who may be using the machinery
invented by Goulding at the time of the renewal
and extension from continuing the use of the same',
nor to subject them to any claim or damage for
having so used it.
Mr. CLARK. I think the bill had better lie
over.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw the objection.
This old gentleman has had his application before
Congress for some ten years. There have been
half a dozen different bills, or nearly that number,
reported in theHouseofReprescntatives; butthey
have gone on the Private Calendar and never been
reached. He is now about seventy years of age,
and if he ever gets any benefit from his invention
it is time lie should hav* it. The Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office were unanimous in
favor of it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not desire to make any
objection to this bill that I am aware of; but I de-
sire time to look into it. My constituents are
largely engaged in the manufacture of wool, and I
want to see what the effect of this renewal may
be. T do not know that I shall have the slightest
objection to it after this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over,
objection being made.
PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
317) for the benefit of Robert Small and others;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill, and I therefore
ask for its present consideration.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to make an in-
quiry, whether the bill has ever been before a
committee. I understood the honorable Senator
merelv to introduce it for the first time.
Mr." GRIMES. I did, sir.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to have some
reason why the Senate should pass it now with-
out the action of a committee.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow the
bill to be read and hear an explanation of it, if
one be desired, and shall then make any objection
to it, I shall not oppose a reference of it.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well, sir; 1 hope it will
be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to cause the
steam transport boat Planter, recently in the rebel
service in the harbor of Charleston, and all the
arms, munitions, tackle, and other property on
board of her at the time of her delivery to the
Federal authorities, to be appraised by aboard of
competent officers, and, when the value shall be
thus ascertained, to cause an equitable apportion-
ment of one half of such value so ascertained to
be made between Robert Small and his associates
who assisted in rescuing her from the enemies of
the Government. The Secretary of the Navy may,
if he deems it expedient, cause the sum of money
allotted to each individual under this bill to be
invested in United States securities for his benefit,
the interest to be paid to him or to his heirs an-
nually until .such time as the Secretary of the
Navy may deem it expedient to pay to him or his
heirs the principal sum.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia object to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. LATHAM. No,sir.
