1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the other branches of industry are in full activity,
and all the more active because of the exertions
the Government is malting.
Nor am I going to vote against this bill for that
other most extraordinary reason which lias been
somehow brought into this debate, though it does
not seem to be pertinent to it, and that is, that
your Treasury is being plundered. And now I
have a favor to ask of my associates upon this
floor. I am not going to take issue with that state-
ment; God knows it is too true. But I am going
to ask as a special favor to my feelings, if not to
the feelings of the country, that the thingshall not
be mentioned again here until it comes in in a
legitimate shape. When the Senator from New
Hampshire brings in his bill of pains and penal-
ties, and proposes to inflict them upon these harpies
and plunderers, then point out the men to us; but
while we sit here, one branch of the legislative
power of the Government, with the whole cata-
logue of penalties in our possession, and have not
yet furnished a bill which imposes the lightest of
them all upon any one of these harpies, do n&t,
for pity sake, let us taunt the country any longer
that they are being plundered. When we have
done our duty; when we have spread upon the
statute-book an act which confiscates every dol-
lar that any plunderer is possessed of, and which
sends him to the State prison during his natural
life, and sends him to that other place after death,
I shall be very happy to have you point the finger
to the men who are liable to those penalties; and
if you catch me flinching in imposing every one
of them I shall be mistaken in myself, that is all.
Till that happy day comes, do not let us fling these
great and monstrous crimes in the faces ofthe peo-
ple any more. I take it, the Legislature of the
people of the United States have not degenerated,
and are not about to degenerate, into a mere con-
vention of common scolds. It is not any part of
our business. Men are in public employments,
wielding high trusts, and dishonestly, you say.
They ought to be punished. You say they ought
to be ousted from those trusts. Let it be done;
but until you have placed upon your statute-book
some law which punishes adequately such con-
duct as that, the swarm of officers now gorged will
be succeeded by another hungry swarm, and you
only dismiss one crowd to employ another.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Hampshire told us that we were good
at preaching and very poor at practice. I agree
with that declaration of his. The Senator ar-
raigned those in the Government of the country
forcorrupt practices. The Senatorwho has just
taken his seat has well said that those who bring
these charges into the Senate had better make spe-
cifications. I do not agree in these general dec-
larations, made here or elsewhere, of this general
and universal corruption of the men who are car-
rying on the Government of the country. That
there are corrupt and dishonest men who have
charge of the administration of the laws of the
country, I do not doubt. That many ofthe men
who are administering the Government are cheat-
ed, are outwitted, are impose^ upon by Govern-
ment contractors, there can be no doubt. And
what is true of the Federal Government is more
true of the States. Why, sir, we all remember
when this controvei sy opened, and the States were
called upon to send men for the defense of the
capital of the country, that those ninety days' men
camehere poorly clothed, poorlyarmed,and poor-
ly provided for, and that there went out all over
this country a cry of condemnation of the Gov-
ernors ofthe States of the Union for thus allow-
ing their soldiers to be imposed upon. Under
that erv of the people, under those rebukes, the
Executives of the States made improvements in
every respect, and most of the soldiers that have
come into the field, armed, clothed, and equipped
by the Slates during the last four or live months,
have come into the field well armed, well equipped,
well clothed, and well provided, for. Sir, I say
hero to-day that there is not an army on the earth
livino- SO luxuriously, so well fed,so well clothed,
so well housed and cured for as the two bundled
thousand men here, composing the army of tno
Potomac.
When this great contest commenced we of the
States and we of the Federal Government enteied
upon it with little or no experience. Articles
necessary properly to equip, to clothe, to fit for
the field this vast force summoned to the defense
of the country did not exist, and in the early
organizations the soldiers were cheated and out-
rageously imposed upon. I think, under the expe-
rience of the last few months, the rebukes admin-
istered by the public to those who administer the
governments of the States and the Government
ofthe nation, have corrected many of those abuses,
and I think there are fewer of them to-day than
at any other period in the history of this contest.
The Senator from New Hampshire referred to
our acts of liberality and confidence at the extra
session of Congress. Sir, the Congress then as-
sembled came together imbued by the loftiest sen-
timents of devotion to the periled country. In
obedience to the will of the people, we gave the
Government half a million of men and hundreds
of millions from the public Treasury. We gave
without stint men and money. We gave those
who administered the Government of the country
our confidence, and this was generously given by
those who brought the Government into power
and those who had opposed those who were in
power. These acts of patriotism, of generosity,
of high confidence in those who administer the
Govcrnmentofthecountrymay have been abused.
I stand not here to defend those in power because
I helped to put them in power. I deal towards
this Administration, in this crisis of our country,
just as I would deal towards a Democratic ad-
ministration if it were in power. The country is
to be saved; the country is every thing, and parties
and party organizations are dwarfed into utter in-
significance beside the duties we now owe our
country in this crisis.
I know there is a loud complaint throughout
the country of those who are administering the
Government in regard to extravagance and cor-
rupt practices. Why, sir, you can be borne all
over this country upon a wave of popular mur-
mur against the Government at this time, and I
must say, too, in regard to the men controlling
the civil and military affairs ofthe country. Much
of this is just; much of it grossly unjust. It
springs from that deep disappointment of the
people of the country, who have poured out five
hundred thousand men and hundreds of millions
of dollars, and who see no results. They see no
policy in the administration of the country; they
see no plans; they read of no victories.
The Senator from Oregon and the Senator from
New Hampshire have uttered sentiments that I
respond to in regard to those who are cheating
the Government and the people of this country;
but I suggest to those Senators, and to all other
Senators, when they make these arraignments, to
make specifications. The Senator from New
Hampshire says he intends to investigate these
matters; that he means to bring in a bill to punish
those who are robbing and plundering the public
Treasury. Well, sir, I will vote for any bill, well
matured and well guarded, that has that object.
But it has so happened that 1 have seen much of
the administration of the Army and Navy ofthe
United States during the last six or seven months,
and I must confess for myself that, while I have
seen some things that I do not approve of, and
condemn, much ofthe charges made in the public
press of the country, made among t he people and
repeated hero on the floor of Congress, I deem to
be wholly unjust.
There is a*popular clamor over this country
to-day against the Secretary of the Navy. I be-
lieve the present Secretary of the Navy is one of
the purest and most honest men that ever filled a
public office on this continent. I believe he has
administered his Department of the Government
with the single object of doing it for the interests
of the country, and doingiteconomicallyand hon-
orably; but, sir, he has made a blunder- he has
committed a mistake, and he is condemned by the
popular voice ofthe country for that act. I, for
one, do not and will not justify that act; and vet,
sir, I believe upon my conscience here to-day that
that very arrangement has saved this country
hundreds of thousands of dollars. I entertain
upon that question not the shade or the shadow
of doubt. Still, upon the face of it, upon the
record, itlooks bud; it is a bad example; and 1 do
not believe any man in this country ought to sanc-
tion or justify it.
There are popular complaints made against
other men who are administering the Government
of the country; but let Senators come into this
Chamber and bring their bill here and pass it; let
them bring facts; let them investigate before they
condemn those who are toiling from morning till
midnight and imperfectly doing the immense
amount of business imposed upon them. - lam' .
not surprised, sir, that the commissary depart-
ment, the quartermaster's department,"the War
office, and many of these departments of the Gov-
ernment, overwhelmed as they are, and hurried
as they are by the exigencies of the public ser-
vice, should be imposed upon; I have no doubt
many of them have been imposedupon. Neither
would it be a matter of surprise that under our ex-
isting laws men who have the expenditure of five,
six, eight, or ten millions of dollars in six or seven
months should commit errors and should be im-
posed upon.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator, if he
will permit me, if the laws already on the statute-
book on this subject are not as stringent as it is
possible for human ingenuity to make them r
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President^ I am
not a lawyer as the Senator from Iowa is, and
we all know he certainly is a good one; but I
think we can put upon the statute-book some ad-
ditional legislation. We had a bill before us at
the last session. It was found that that bill was
an impracticable one, and it was abandoned in
the Senate. I do not think it ought to be passed
now; but I do think that there were provisions in
that bill that we can incorporate in a new one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, that bill passed both Houses of Congress,
and on a letter from one of the heads of the de-
partments it was defeated in this body. If the
departments are to defeat bills to reform the de-
partments, I think it will be some time before you
effect a reform.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me one word. I have now
before me the bill which was rejected at the last
session, to which the Senator has alluded. I
think if that bill had become a law, many of the
frauds upon the Treasury, which have been justly
animadverted upon to-day, would liave_ been pre-
vented. I examined it anew this morning, and I
intend, as soon as the subject matter before the
Senate is disposed of, to call it up and ask its im-
mediate passage. I know that the Committee on
the Judiciary gave great care and attention to that
bill. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
had it in special charge. It passed the Senate
unanimously and went to the House. It passed
there, I believe, without objection, and with only
two verbal amendments, and came back here. The
Senate concurred instantly in those amendments,
and thereupon the Quartermaster Generalsenthere
a letter stating that he could not possibly execute
it. The vote agreeing to the amendments of the
House was then reconsidered, and the whole sub-
ject laid on the table, where it is to-day. I then
'announced to the Senate that the bill we proposed
to pass was only a terror to public plunderers and
thieves, and would be the delight of honest men;
and I can demonstrate that had that bill passed,
the larger portion of the facts detailed in the re-
port of the House committee on Government con-
tracts would have been in open light to any Sen-
ator or citizen who chose to go and examine the
record which we proposed by that bill should be
made. I shall test the sense of the Senate on that
question as soon as the subject now under con-
sideration is disposed of. I shall move to take up
that bill and to concur in the amendments of the
House, and let it become a law as soon as the
President shall approve it. The passage of the
bill will, in my judgment, go far, very far, to ar-
rest the wholesale plunder of the Treasury, which
the report of the House committee on Govern-
ment contracts shows ta have been going on for
the last four months.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the object the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Ken-
tucky desire to accomplish, I agree to. I am will-
ing to vote for a well-prepared, well-guarded bill,
and I advise those distinguished Senators who are
so anxious to pass a bill of this character, to con-
sult the existing laws, to consult those who have
the administration of those laws, and so frame
their bill that it can be carried out as a practical
measure. Now, sir, the bill alluded to passed
without much consideration at the last session of
Congress. General Meigs, who is at the head ot
the quartermaster's department of this Govern-
ment, came here and said that that bill was an
