1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
could be compelled to pay the tax it had assumed
to pay. That discussion is fresh in my mind.
Mr. STEVENS. Tin; gentleman is greatly mis-
taken, so far as the direct tax is concerned. The
comnuttee agreed that it should be referred to the
States, and they had a provision in the bill as
reported at that time, which provided that the
machinery should not go into effect if the State
assumed the tax. All that was reported from the
committee in the bill itself.
Mr. PENDLETON. My recollection is dis-
tinct, but I have no disposition to insist upon it.
It is immaterial to the point I was suggesting,
which was that when that proposition was before
us we had the same class of arguments advanced
against it, that we have against this proposition
to-day. It was contested here most warmly in
the House. It gave rise to a long discussion; it
gave rise to a sharp controversy; and, if I am not
much mistaken, to a pretty close vote.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is so.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire, and I only rose
for that purpose, of saying that these difficulties
disappear as men apply their minds to them. I
think the object sought to be obtained by the gen-
tleman from New York is so important, that it
will tend so much to relieve the people from that
which is so odious, relieve them from the sting
which accompanies the visit of the tax gatherer,
that it will go so far to ease the burdens, which
God knows are to be great enough, to be imposed
upon the people of the countryundcr the calam-
itous condition of public affairs, that we ought not
hastily to dccide against it, but should bring the
best eneigies of the best men in this House to its
calm consideration and lengthy consideration, if
necessary, in order to perfect and carry out this
scheme.
Mr. FISHER. I understand that the gentle-
man, in referring to the action of the loyal States,
stated that Delaware had not yet assumed to pay
this tax. I deem it a matter of justicc to Dela-
ware, which State I represent here, to say a woid
in her behalf. The Governor of that State_ called
the Legislature together on the 25th of List IN ovem-
ber, for the purpose of taking into consideration
the propriety of assuming payment of the tax im-
posed upon her. The reason why the Legisla-
ture did not assume the payment of that tax was,
as I have been informed by the members of the
Legislature, because they anticipated that a change
would be made in it, and they did not wish, there-
fore, to assume the payment of a tax until they
had made provision tor the payment of the money.
In other words, they did not mean to promise to
pay until they had made an arrangement to carry
it out in good faith.
Mr. PENDLETON. I had no disposition to
do injustice to the State of Delaware, and the state-
ment by the gentleman goes to confirm the idea I
had in my mind at the time I made the statement.
It goes to show that the scheme was so practicable
that every State will eventually adopt it and carry
it out. If a scheme of a similar character can be
devised by which the duty of collecting this tax
can be devolved upon the officers of a State, if a
schemc can be devised by which the State, lather
than the Fedeial Government, shall take upon
itself the duty of collecting this tax, I hope that it
will be done. I think that it will accomplish a
great good, and that we will avoid by it a great
error. However much gentlemen may desire to
try the patriotism of the people by their willing-
ness to pay taxes; however much they may desire,
and their constituents may desire, to express their
patriotism in that way, let me tell you that when
this vast system goes into operation, and these tax
gatherers are abroad in the land, there will go up
a voice in the country thai will make this Legisla-
ture tremble. It is easy to talk about these things.
Remember that never has the tax gatherer, in the
history of this country, gone about under the Fed-
eial authority. Remember that never have the
people been called upon to pay into the Treasury
these taxes. I know that, during the warof 1812,
there were some instances in which land taxes
were raised. Perhaps there were instances of an
earlier period. But a tax bill like this which goes
into every house, into every business, every neigh-
borhood, which taxes everything a man eats and
all that ho wears, which enters into the considera-
tion of every man engaged in every business of
the country, which puts a tax upon every con-
ceivable subject of taxation; such a tax bill has
; never before appeared in this country. It belongs
i to gentlemen, then, to take every means to ameli-
! orate the burdens which will necessarily be im-
j posed upon the people of the country, to remove
! as far as possible every cause of offense or exas-
j peration, to lighten in every way the necessary
| load which you must call on them to bear.
! I desire to say in conclusion what I desired to
j call the attention of the House to when I rose,
i that, however great these difficulties may appear,
! we know that at the last session equally great dif-
! Acuities were suggested, and they were met and
' overcome.
| Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
! for the purpose of closing debate on the pending
| amendment.
' The motion was agreed to.
, So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
' resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
!, Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union
[ had, according to order, had the Union geneially
' under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
! and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all further de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the pending amendment be closed
in one minute after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no necessity
for that. Members $re discussing the bill, and it
ought to be discussed.
Mr. STEVENS. I only ask that debate be
terminated on this amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If that motion
is Adopted, will it prevent me from being heard
on the amendment I have offered? My amend-
ment has not been discussed at all; but a rambling
discussion has taken place in regard to other mat-
ters. The amendment on which the vote is to be
taken has not been debated at all.
The SPEAKER. If the motion be adopted, all
debate will be terminated on the amendment.
There were, on a division—ayes 40, noes 22.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messis. Leiiman and
Siiellabauger, were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 58, noes 22; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. Tv ICFIARDSON moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So it was oidered that there should be a call of
the House.
The roll was accordingly called, and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Mr-<i->. Alien, Atnold, 15-ihbilt,, Goldsmith F. Bailey,
Beaman, William G. Biown, Bmnham, Calveu. Conway,
Coopet, Coining, Covode, Cox, Dawes, Del.ipl.une, Dunn,
Ely, Fenton, Fouke, Franchot, Ilaight, II.ill, llaneheu,
Ilsfkman, Ilolman, lloiton, Jackson, Julian.William Kel-
logg. Keirigan, Landing. Leaiy, Logan, MeKean, Mcl'her-
son, Mai&ton, Maynard, Mitchell, Noelh Nugen. Odell,
Olin, Peny, John tf. Phelps, James S. Rollins, thanks,
Sherman, Smith, Spnnldinir, William G. Steele, Trimble,
Yallandigham, Vandevi'i, Van IJoin, Van Wyek, Venue,
Vibbaid, WaMibuine, Wheelei, Whalev. Woodiuft", and
Wnght.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DUNLAP stated that Mr. Conway was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. D1VEN made a similar statement in refer-
ence to Mr. Ely.
Mr. LAW made a similar announcement in re-
gard to Mr. Cox; and
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts with regard to
Mr. Bailey, of Massachusetts.
Mr. CRAVENS stated that Mr. HoLMANwas
, absent from the city on business connected with
; the investigating committee.
The names of the absentees having been called,
Mr. TRAIN moved that all further proceedings
I under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
! The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion to close debate on the amendment pend-
■ mg m the Committee of the Whole on the state
' of the Union to the tax bill; and it was agreed to.
I ENROLLED BILLS AND ItESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
I Mr. COF513, from the Committee on Enrolled
i Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and joint res-
olutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 80) to amend " An act to incor-
porate the Columbian Institution for the Instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind," and to
make appropriations for the benefit thereof;
A bill (S. No. 150) for a joint commission for
the preservation of the Atlantic fisheries;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending 30th of June, 1862;
Joint resolution (S. No. 54) to amend an act
entitled " An act to carry into effect conventions
between the United States and the Republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica;" and
Joint resolution (S. No. 57) providing for the
custody of the letter and gifts from the King of
Siam.
STATE MONEYS FOR TIIEIR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up from the
Speaker's table Senate resolution (No. 65) to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to accept moneys
appropriated by any State for the payment of its
volunteers, and to apply the same as directed by
such State. It will not occupy much time, and I
am informed that it is necessary that it should be
passed at an early day.
Mr. STEVENS. That is an important meas-
ure, and I think that it ought to be printed. I
want to sec what the resolution contains, and I
hope it will be printed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Of course, I have
no objection to its being printed if anyone wants
to examine it. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and printed.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CANAL.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, presented
the following communication from the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings:
Office Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Capitoi, of the United States,
Washington, March 11, 18(52.
Gentlemen: In my annua! report made to the Secretary
of the Interior, ami by him submitted to Congress at the
commencement of the present session, I called his atten-
tion to the condition ot the Washington canal in the fol-
lowing language:
" The Washington canal, constructed at so great an ex-
pense, and winch was at the time it was made regarded as^
one of the greatest possible improvements to the city of
Washington, i* now nothing more nor less than a public
nuisance. It is the grand receptacle of nearly all the filth
of the city. The wa*te from all the public buildings, the
hotel?, iiud voiy many ptivate residences is drained into it.
It is now m many places filled with accumulations from
such sources so a* to present beds of lank vegetation and
offensive soil above the level of the water. Unless some-
thing bo done to clear away this immense mass of fetid and
corrupt matter, the good citizens of Washington must, dur-
ing some hot season, find themselves visited by a pestilence I
1 regai d the abatement of this nuisance of more iuipoi tance,
in a" sanitary point of view, than almost any other improve-
ment m the whole city. The health of the entire popula-
tion and the lives of thousands depend upon it. The ques-
tion i<, ' What can be done?'
" In the fust place, the canal must be thoroughly dredged.
An immense amount ot tilling will be neeessaiy about ihe
Capitol as soon as the grounds come to be graded, and it
will be found difficult to obtain the mateual for such filling.
I had considerable expcuence when I had the honor of hold-
ing the otlice or Commissioner several yeais ago, and can
sneak fiom actual knowledge The deposit in the canal will
serve the purpose admirably. It can betaken up by a dredge
boat, without any shoveling in carts, and hauled to the
place whete it ss wanted. The actual expense of filling up
on the south side of the Capitoi square will be much less
than it would be were the material tor filling shoveled into
carts, even it it could be piocured at a reasonable distance
and earned to the place where wanted, so that the dredg-
ing would ically be a matter of economy. I have no means
of submitting an exact estimate with this lepoit ot the sum
nece^arv to do the work recommended, but will procure
one a- ^oon as possible, and submit it, eithei to jou or to
the appropriate committee of the House of Itepi esentative^.
•'As soon as the canal is thoroughly cleaned out by the
election oi a proper tide-gate at a pioper place, which will
shut of itself as soon as the water commences falling, and
retain all the water above it, and then by the opening of It
at low water the canal can be thoioughlv swept out at lea t
once every twenty-four houts. and always kept clean."
Congiess has as yet, done nothing in iclation to this
dieadlui nuisance. In the piessuie upon Jtot business of
gieat importance to the inteiests of the eountry, it is not
strange that local matters like this should be overlooked.
This is however, a thing that ought to be attended to, as
it involves the health of Congie=& itself, and of ail the inhab-
itants and sojourner* in this city.
I am induced to write this letter at this time by the en-
