2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say, thjen, that the
resolution as it was originally introduced into the
Sfenate was confined to the department of the West
including only the States of Missouri, Kentucky,
and Tennessee, if I recollect aright. At all events,
that department docs not include my own State,
and in my State there have been irregular enlist-
ments of men as engineers and mechanics, who
have been regularly mustered into the service of
the'Umted States, and have been on duty for sev-
eral months past, but in consequence of their irreg-
ular enlistment they have not received a single
pent of pay up to this day. I thought, therefore,
that there could be no objection to including other
cases where the officers and men are similarly cir-
cumstanced to those named in the resolution offered
by my friend, from Massachusetts. The amend-
ment is simply to authorize an inquiry into simi-
lar cases arising in other departments. I cannot
see any objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me that the Senator from Michigan does not ac-
complish the object he desires. We passed an
act authorizing the payment of these irregularly
enlisted men for the western department, and ap-
propriated, I think, $100,000 for the purpose of
making the payment. Now, it is proposed to
arrest that payment, and to appointa commission
who shall thoroughly investigate a nil examine the
cases arising under that huv. The Senator now
proposes to include other cases, and he refers to
his own State, to irregular enlistments there. We
have no law to pay those irregulaily enlisted men
in Michigan, and it seems to me it would he bet-
ter to bring in a resolution or a bill to provide for
their payment, and for the mode of ascertaining
what is due them, and it had butter stand by itself
rather than put jt on this bill. If you were to put
it here all the commission could do would be sim-
ply to examine the cases that might arise under
it, but there would be no authority to pay the
persons when they had made the examination;
but there is authority to pay the persons irregu-
larly enhsted in the western department.
Mr. HOWARD. Wheie is that authority; in
this joint resolution ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No; in a
special act which we passed some weeks ago fur
this case; and besides that wo passed a special act
appropriating §100,000 to make the payments un-
der it. Now, we propose to arrest the payments
and appoint a commission that shall examine the
cases arising under the act.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it merely for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether there is anything due
■under the art ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Thru 1 do not care anything
about the amendment, and I withdraw it.
Mr. LANE, ot Kansns. 1 hope this joint res-
olution will not pass, unless you suspend the pay-
ment of ail troops. The troops of the western de-
partment are as fully entitled to pay as the troops
of any other portion of the country. 1 know that
the Secretary of War has before him the plan of
appointing a board to ascertain the amount that
In; ow^s the troops of the western department. If
you are going to stop iht* pay of till soldiers, [
have no objection to including ours; but unless
you do, I object to taking hold of our troops. You
propose here to suspend the payment of $100,000
until a board can be appointed: and the Secretary
of War is to appoint the board, and, as soon as
the amount is ascertained, the money is to go. I
hope the joint resolution will not pass4 It is not
just.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I (hinkthe honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas docs not exactly know what
this is. We paes^d a bill a short time ago to pay
a specific corps of men, at the suggestion and by
the urgency of the Senator fiom Missouri. They
were men who were said to have been irregularly
enlisted into the service of the United States, not
mustered in, but who had actually served for a
given length of time and been in the field, and it was
said that they were suffering for the want of pay
for that time. I objected to it then,for I saw this
danger; all such bills and resolutions lead to dan-
ger; but the Senator from Missouri showed me a
report made by the Governor of his State, speci-
fying what corps it was, the particular number of
men, about twenty-six hundred, I think- 
Mr. HENDERSON. Twenty-eight hundred.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Twenty-eight hundred,
all set down; and, on the supposition that it was
confined to them, after amending the bill, I con-
sented that it should be passed. I told the Sen-
ate at the time that to pass such bills before ascer-
taining from proper authority who ought to be
paid, led to great dangers and frauds. Now, in
spite of the manner in which that bill was guarded,
we have intelligence that people are preparing and
actually committing the grossest frauds, and that
it will take several millions out of the Treasury.
On that state of facts, what is this resolution de-
signed for? It is simply to have ascertained pre-
cisely, by investigation, what troops come under
that bill. It does not apply to all troops, and does
not suspend the payment of troops regularly en-
listed and mustered into the service of the United
States; it has nothing to do with them. I wish
to say that hereafter I shall deem it my duty to
oppose, and I hope the Senate will sustain me in
never passing a bill of this kind until an investi-
gation has been had, and we have a report from
tbe Department as to who have rendered service
rm'd are entitled to pay, by a proper commission.
It never ought to be done, for, in my recollection,
it has never failed to lead to most remarkable
claims upon the Treasury, beyond anything that
was ever intended or designed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly that any difficulty should have arisen
in regard to this law that I had some agency in
passing through the Senate. During the month
of March last the act referred to was passed and,
as I thought, very carefully guarded; I know that
I honestly endeavored to guard it in such manner
as to prevent any frauds on the Treasury what-
ever in securing honestly payment to some troops
in the State of Missouri. 1 see very plainly now
how the difficulty has grown up; and it seems to
me that if the officer who has written a lengthy
letter that has been read to the Senate, had done
his duty propeily under the law, and had exam-
ined the law itself, without writing a long com-
plaining letter, he would have done much better
service for the country at large. The act that was
passed provided that—
"The Secretary of Wai be,and lie is hereby, authoi Ized
and lequiit-it to allow and pay to the officer^ non-commis-
nlfk'er'-'j imNiPians, and privates who have been
tieietotbre actually employed in the nuhinry setviec of t!h?
(Jinted State*, wiuithei inu-teied into actual service or not,
whrie then services were accepted and actually employed
by the geneiaN who have been in command of the depiut-
ment of the Wot oi tin; depaitnientot the Mis^oun, the pay
and bounty as m cases of regular euii&tmeiu."
There can be no difficulty about the interpreta-
tion of this law. Why does this paymaster com-
plain that so many persons are asking for payment
under this law? Why is it that he talks about
taking the affidavits of the home guards, as he
calls them, in the State of Missouri, or any other
State? He has nothing to do with that. The only
thing for him to determine is, whether the services
of these men were actually accepted and employed
by the generals in command in the department of
the West. He ascertains that at St. Louis. Is he
to go over the country to hunt up men who have
served? lie actually suggests in his letter that
officers be appointed to go over the country there
and take the affidavits and proof of patties as to
whether they were m the service or not. It never
enteied into my head, and 1 do not suppose it en-
tered into the imagination of any Senator support-
ing i his act, that it would become the duty of the
paymaster to take evidence from individuals as to
whether they were actually employed or not. It
is for the officers in command to determine that
question, and the officers alone.
PUNISHMENT OK TREASON AND KEBELLION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri will suspend las remarks. The
consideration of the joint resolution now before
the Senate is set aside by the special order of the
day, the unfinished business of the last sitting, on
Ftiday; and that is the bill (S. No. 310) to sup-
press insurrection, punish treason and rebellion,
and for other purposes. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumster] has moved to amend
that bill by striking out all after the enaefingclauso
of the original bill and inserting an amendment
in the form of a new bill. Before the question
can be taken upon that, the original bill and the
substitute are open to amendmfnt byway of per-
fection. The immediate question now before the
Senate is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the third
spr.tion of the original bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the amendment be
reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of the third section the following:
And forfeit and lose every other right and piivilege of a
citizen ot the United States; and any court, oi officer, or
offiecis exercising judicial powers before which or whom
the *aid question of foifeiture may arise shall decide the
same.
So that the section wilt read:
Sec. 3. Jlnd beit further enacted, That every person guilty
ofeiihorof the offenses described in this net ."hall be forever
incapable and disqualified to hold any office under the
United States, and forfeit and lose eveiy other right and
pnvdege of a citizen of the Cmtfd States, and any court,
orolVieerjOrolficerjexcrousMsrjudicial powers before which
or whom the said question of lorfeituie may arise shall de-
cide the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. The whole question, I take
it, is now open.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The whole
question is now open.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if I can sim-
plify this discussion, I shall feel that I have done
something towards establishing the truth. And
now, if you will kindly give me your attention, I
shall try to open the question in such a way as to
exhibit clearly all the points in issue.
There is a saying, often repeated by statesmen
and often recorded by publicists, which embodies
the direct object of the war which we are now
unhappily compelled to wage; an object some-
times avowed in European wars, and more than
once made a watchword in our own country: " in-
denmityfor the past and security for the future."
Such should be ourcomprehensive aim; nor more,
nor less. Without indemnity for the past, this
war will have been waged at our cost. Without
security for the future, this war will have been
waged in vain. Treasure and blood will have been
lavished for nothing. But indemnity and secu-
rity are both means to an end, and that end is the
national unity under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Suites. It is not enough if we preserve the
Constitution at the expense of the national unity.
Nor is it enough if we enforce the national unity
at the expense of the Constitution. Both must
be maintained. Both will be maintained, if we
do not fail to take counsel of that prudent courage
which is never so much needed as at a moment
like the present.
Two things we seek as means to an end: in-
demnity for the past and security for the future.
Two things we seek as the end itself: national
unity under the Constitution of the United States.
Surely, in these objects all must concur. But
how shall they be best accomplished ?
The Constitution and international law are each
involved in this discussion. Even if the question
itself were minute, it would be important from
such relations. But it concerns vast masses of
piopcrty; and wluitis more than property, it con-
cerns the liberty of men, while it opens for decis-
ion the means to be employed in bringing this great
war to a close. In every aspect the question is
transcendent; nor is it easy to pass upon it with-
out considering it in the various lights of jurispru-
dence, of history, and of policy.
It is sometimes said that it is exclusively a con-
stitutional question. This is a mistake. In every
Government bound by a written Constitution
nothing can be done which is not in conformity
with the Constitution. But on the present occa-
sion there need be no difficulties or doubts under
the Constitution. Its provisions are plain and
explicit, so that they need only to be recited. The
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] and the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] have
stated them strongly; but I complain less of their
statement than of its application. Of course any
proposition really inconsistent with these provis-
ions must be abandoned. But if, on the other
hand, it be consistent, then is the way open to its
consideration in the lights ofhistory and of policy.
If there be any difficulty now, it is not from the
question, but simply from the facts; as often in
judicial proceedings it is less embarrassing to de-
termine the law than the facls. If things are now
seen as they really are, and not as Senators fancy
or desire; if the facts are now admitted in their
natural character, then must the constitutional
