1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
treattes of citizens, who assure me that it is the opinion of
the most eminent physicians of this city that unless some
measures are taken to remove this bed of filth from the
heartof the city, that, as soon a«s the heat of summer eomes^
a pestilence will accompany it such as we have seldom, if
ever, been visited with. The canal lias been very rapidly
filling up during the past year, and never has been in any-
thing iike so offensive a state as it now is. 1 think an ap-
pnation of $12,000, honestly and judiciously expended, will
so clean and puiify the canal as to prevent any deleterious
effccts on the health of the city from it. Tf that sum of
money could he placed at my disposal at once, sufficient
progress could be made before summer arrives to prevent
any sickness arising from that source.
1 have called your attention to this subject as a duty I
owe to yourselves and to all my fellow-citizens and sojourn-
ers here, and I hope you will deem it of sufficient import-
ance to urge upon Congress the small appropriation for
which I respectfully ask.
I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,
B. 13. FRENCH,
Commissioner Public Buildings.
March 13.
After writing the foregoing X thought it proper to obtain
the views of a practical person, and addressed a note, ac-
companied by this letter, to William Forsyth, Esq., the able
sand competent surveyor of the city of Washington.
1 inclose a copy of his reply, by which you will see that
he estimates the cost of the complete dredghig of the canal
at $35,000.
Stili, 1 have no doubt that for twelve or fifteen thousand
dollars so much of the offensive mutter can be removed as
to prevent it from being the cause of miasmatic sickness.
Respectfully, B. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner Public Buildings.
Hon- Solomon Foot, Chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, Senate.
Hon. Charles R. Train, Chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, House of Representatives.
Surveyor's Officf,
Washington, March 13, 1862.
Sir : I herewith submit the information required in re-
lation to the Washington city canal, lefeired by you to me
this day.
I entirely concur with you in all you have said ofthe con-
dition of the canal, and the consequence* that may icsult
from it, unless the accumulation of years of deposits fiom
tbe surface drainage of streets and avenues and filth from
the sewers leading Itom the Capitol and other public build-
ings (now exposed at low water) arc removed. The amount
asked for is not sufficient for what you purpose to do, which,
m my judgment, is an imperative necessity. My estimate
of the quantities to be removed is, in the aggteg.ue, two
hundred and thirty-three thousand cubic yards, winch, at
fifteen cents per yard, would, in round numbers, amount to
$35,000. The whole amount of deposit will bo lequircd to
grade the lot south of the Capitol and other public leserva-
tions which are below the established gtade, and remove
the nuisances which you so ably referred to in your letter
to lion. Solomon Foot.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM FORSYTH, City Surveyor.
Hon. B. B. French, Commissioner oj Public Buildings.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and or-
dered to be printed.
TAX BILL—AGAIN,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the WhoTeon the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Phelps] to strike out the words
" assessors and" in the second section of the bill,
and on which all debate had been closed by order
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
■WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported a
bill to secure increased railroad facilities between
the cities of New York and Washington; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE.
Mr. GOODWIN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Maine relative to coast and frontier defenses;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. MAY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Judiciary Committee a bill to provide for
the discharge of State prisoners and others, and
to authorize judges of the United States courts to
take bail or recognizances to secure the trial of
the same; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD, (at
half pastfour o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 14, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. J. S. Kennard, of Washington.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 264) for the relief of Z. B. Cav-
eily, late secretary of legation at Lima, Peru,
which had heretofore received the signature ofthe
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 355) to amend an act entitled
" An act to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy/' approved December 21, 1861, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, praying to be indem-
nified for certain expenses incurred prior to the
admission ofthatState into the Union; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route from St. Paul to Carver, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post OfEce and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Orleans county, Vermont, in which they say
that " believing that slavery is the sole cause and
main strength of the rebellion, they pray Con-
gress in self-defense to restore to the slave his
inalienable rights, and employ him in crushing
the rebellion;" which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. RICE presented papers in relation to the
claim of Colonel Abraham Emmctt; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referied a repoit of the Secretary
of War, communicating a statement of the ap-
propriations applicable to the service of that De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1861, sub-
mitted a motion that it be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of R. G. Murphy, late Indian agent for the Sioux
Indians, praying to be relieved from certain vouch-
ers erroneously given, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. COLLA.MER, from the Committee on the
PostOfiice and Post Roads, to whom were referred
resolu tions ofthe, Legislature of California, in favor
of the establishment of a mail route between San
Francisco, in that State, and China and Japan;
the petition of John Whipple and others, citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the establishment of a
mail route by steamboat from Detroit to Superior,
Wisconsin; the petition of citizens of California,
praying for the establishment of an overland mail
route ftom the Mississippi river to California,
through New Mexico; and nine petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying the establishment of
an overland mail route from the eastern States,
through New Mexico, to Los Angeles, in Cali-
fornia, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That LydiaLord have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers from the flies ofthe Senate.
On motion of Mr. McDOUGALL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of D. G. Farragut. on the files
ofthe Senate, be referred to the Committee on NavalAffairs.
PUBLIC LANDS IN KANSAS AND NEBRASKA.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands bp in-
structed to inquire into tbe expediency of taking measures
to facilitate the surveys of public lands in the State of Kan-
sas and Territory of Nebraska.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 232)
authorizing the construction of an iron-clad steam
ram, iron-clad steam gunboats, and the comple-
tion of Stevens's battery; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
233) to confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 234)
authorizing the President to transfer the money
appropriated by an act approved February 20,
1862, for building or continuing fortifications, to
the construction of iron-clad steam vessels of war;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 235) providing for the organ-
ization of Army corps and of staffs attached to
corps and divisions of the Army of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 64) expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Captain A. II. Foote, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his com-
mand in the western flotilla.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolution;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A bill (No. 153) to provide for the appointment
of clerks in the office of the Assistant Treasurer
at Boston, to fix their salaries, and provide for the
absence of the Assistant Treasurer, and for other
purposes.
A joint resolution (No. 52) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Brigadier General Curtis and the
officers and men under his command.
PURCHASE OF COIN.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the third and disagreed to the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
341) to authorize the purchase of coin, and for other
purposes; and had agreed to the second amend-
ment of the Senate, with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amendment
to rhe bill (H. R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of coin and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ment of the House to the second amendment of
the Senate to the said bill, and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the said bill difagiced to by the House, dis-agree to the
amendment of the House to the second amendment of the
Senate thereto, and ask a confeieuce on the disagreeing
votes ofthe two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes->
senden, Mr. Collamrr, and Mr. wllley.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, an-
