206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
impracticable measure; that he could not carry-
on the Government if it passed. I believed him
then; I believe him now, and I shall not vote for
the bill with its present features; but I believe it
possible to form a bill that will cure these evils
and punish the men who may commit frauds on
the public, and 1 am ready to vote for such a bill.
Now, sir, I do not know that anybody in this
country has charged General Meigs with having
in any way acted corruptly in the administration
of his office. I do not believe that he has. He
has been compelled to expend tens of millions of
dollars for clothing, for horses, for wagons, for
various equipments for the Army. His agents
may have been imposed upon. J believe that some
of those agents have been cheated and outwitted
by contractors, by persons anxious to sell their
goods and wares to the Government; and some of
his agents may have actcd corruptly. I am in-
clined to think that some of them have so acted;
but I believe that General Meigs has conducted
his department of the Government with eminent
ability. I have met no man during this war in
any departmentof the Government possessing, in
my judgment, more administrative ability than
General Meigs; and, sir, 1 cannot vote for a bill
brought into this Chamber for any object, when
that distinguished officer comes here and says that
under that bill he cannot administer his depart-
ment of the Government. I am willing, however,
and 1 think we ought to do it, to prepare a bill to
punish men who shall commit frauds against the
Government of the country.
But, sir, I will not detain the Senate any lon-
ger. I have said that on the question of economy,
in the present exigencies of the country, I am
willing to let the bill under consideration go upon
the table; I am willing to abandon it; to leave it
at any rate until towards the close of the session
of Congress, when pet haps we shall see things
more clearly than we now see them.
The Senator from Wisconsin does not agree in
the declaration that this Government is drifting
into bankruptcy, or tending m that direction.
He thinks because we are expending four or five
hundred millions of dollars, paying that money
out to the people, that the people arc not going
to bankruptcy, and that the Government can raise
money easily enough. Well, sir, I am glad the
Senator has so much faith. I think, however, if
he were at the head of the Treasury Department
of the Government to-day he would not feel so
confident that because the Government spends
$500,000,000 a year, therefore it is easy to bring
into theTreasury the §500,000,000 to scatter among
the people through the Treasury. I think, sir,
that at this time we should cut oft' every dollar of
expenditure that we can dispense with. I think we
should reduce every salary, from that of the Pres-
ident of the United States down to the lowest
persons holding offices under this Government,
and save every dollar that can be saved to the
country, and by so doing sustain the credit of our
country, and carry this nation, if possible, tri-
umphantly through this war without bankrupting
the Government, or destroying the currency of the
country, or bankrupting the people of the coun-
try.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn, ["Oh no!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill do lie
upon the table.
Several Senators. Let us vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope it will not be laid
upon the table. We have spent two days on tins
bill, and now let us vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion lecuis
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. AVILSON. I hope the Senator fiom lilt- !
nois will consent to lot the bill lie on the table, I j
take it nobody will call it up again; and I think a !
vote on the yeas and nays will show the fact that j
we have not a quorum here. We can let it he on j
the table, and tiieie uio other measures that we j
can act upon to-day. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is to get rid of !
this bill, once and tor all; and if we take a vote by i
yeas and nays upon it, we shall dispose of it one j
way or the oilier. We h*uc spent two days upon !
it already, and if it goes on the table now, it is
liable to be called up at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, or any other Senator,
at any time they think proper to call it up. I
prefer, therefore, that we should make a final dis-
position of it. I am willing, however, to take a
vote in the other form. We might move to post-
pone the bill until the 4th of July, 1864, if that
will suit any better. I think we had better vote
on tho passage of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the chairman of the
committee who has charge of the bill requests
that it should lie on the table, I think we had
better let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll on the passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Oarllle, Davis
Giimes, Harris, Latham, Ne&mith, Rice, Saulsbmy, Ten
Eyck, and WiJley—12.
NAYS—Mcssis.Chandler.ClarkjCollamer, Cowan, Doo-
little. Fesscndcn, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howe, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kan-
sas, Morrill, Pearce, Pometoy, Powell, Shciman, Sumner,
Thomson, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—25.
So the bill was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mourns, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
26) explanatory of an act entitled " An act to in-
crease the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar," ap-
proved the 24th of December, 1861; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an'enrolled bill (PI. R.
No. 149) making appropriation for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the yearendingthc 30th of June, 1863; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 24th of December, 1861, the following acts
and joint resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 155) making an appropri-
ation for gunboats on the western rivers.
An act (H. R. No. 176) to increase the duties
on tea, coifee, and sugar.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 20) expiessive
of the recognition by Congress of the gallant and
patriotic services of the late Brigadier General
Nathaniel Lyon, and the officers and soldiers under
his command at the battle of Springfield, Missouri.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take from the table
Senate bill No. 43, to prevent and punish frauds
on the part of officeis intrusted with the making
of contracts for the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. T suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that, from the notice given by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
is not now in his seat, that he is about to introduce a
bill bearing upon the same subject, to punish fraud
on the Treasury, it is perhaps desirable that we
should wait until his bill comes in, and then con-
sider the two piopositions together. It may be
that his bill will be just as perfect and efficient
without being subjected to any of the objections
whiUi are urged against the practicability of the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that the bill 1 propose to take up
was examined with very great care by the Judi-
ciary Committee during the extra session, and
passed this body, I think, unanimously,and went
to the PIouse,and after receiving two verbal amend-
ments, it passed that House, I believe, with great
unanimity. It came back to the Senate, and the
Seriate instantly concurred in the amendments of
the House. Thereupon one of the officers of the
War Department sent a letter to the Senate, or to
some member of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, announcing his inability to execute the law.
A motion was then made and agreed to, to recon-
sider the vote concurring in the amendments of
the House, and the bill was laid on the table. My
object m calling it up to-day is to consider those
amendments; but if Senators desire time to inves-
tigate it, I will make a motion, after the bill shall
be called up, to make it the special order for Mon-
day or Tuesday next, to suit the convenience of
Senators. If that should be done, then each Sen-
ator can examine it, and piepare such amendments
as he may think necessary to make it more efficient
than it is.
Sir, I conceive that the bill is one of eminently
practical importance; and I believe, had it been
passed at last session and become a law, it would
have prevented four fifths of the enormous frauds
that have been practiced on this Governmentsince
that time. It would prevent nine tenths of your
investigating committees that you raise herefrom
day to day. If the bill had passed and the law
been faithfully administered, it would have fur-
nished the evidence to detect those who infiacted
the laws of the land and pilfered the Government.
It also provided penalties against faithless officials.
Why, sir, there was sent to me last night the le-
port of an investigating committee m the lower
House. I have very hurriedly looked over it, and
have nothad time to read it minutely; but really it
seems to embody villainy, fraud, and theft enough
to contaminate a nation. I do not believe, my-
self, that the bill will be or can be much improved.
So far as the punishment of those who steal from
the public Treasury is concerned, there is a law
now on the statute-book, were it executed, that
punishes such offenders as felons. This bill not
only provides additional penalties, but it furnishes
the means by which those who commit frauds in
their contracts with the Government can he de-
tected. It will give honestofficials, Congress, and
the country such a record of contracts, such facts
as will enable them to detect and to punish dis-
honest officials and fraudulent contractors.
I hope, then, that the bill will be taken up, and
as I before suggested, if Senators wish it post-
poned, I will move, after it is taken up, to make it
the special order for Monday, Tuesday, or even
a later day, in order that the Senate may examine
it, and each Senator may prepare such amend-
ments as he may think proper to perfect it. I
know it is the wish of the whole Senate, and I
believe of the whole country, to protect the public
Treasury from these infamous thieves and vul-
tures who hang around it. This bill has been
most elaborately prepared. I thought when it was
reported, and I now think, the thanks of the coun-
try are due to the distinguished Senator from
Pennsylvania, for the assiduous manner in which
he labored to perfect it. The Judiciary Committee
had it under consideration some four or five days.
We unanimously reported it, and but for the letter
of General Meigs, it would now have been the
law of the land.
It is not my purpose to make any assaultupon
General Meigs. I know nothing of that distin-
guished gentleman in his official capacity other
than his reputation as a good officer; but I said
to the Senate, when his letter was read, thatl be-
lieved lie wholly misconceived the bill. He said
it could not be executed. In my judgment there
never was any difficulty in its execution. I think
the distinguished head of that bureau, General
Meigs, misconceived the bill utterly. That he is
a competent and honest gentleman I do not gain-
say; but I do not, and did not, and so stated in
my place in the Senate at the time, believe his rea-
sons were such as should have caused the defeat
of the bill. The Senate, however, thought differ-
ently, and the bill was laid on the table". I hope,
however, that the Senate will now take it up; and
if any gentleman wishes it postponed to a further
day, I will make that motion with very gieat
pleasure.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators desire to take it
up in order to postpone it until, say a week from
this day, I shall be very willing to agree to that.
I want time to consider it.
Mr. POWELL. I will make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the motion is put,
I wish to say a word or two, for the simple rea-
son that I took a very decided part m defeating
the bill at the last session. I did it on consulta-
tion with the head of the department referred to,
General Meiga, and on the assurance which he
gave me,in which 1 placed the most implicit reli-
ance, that the bill was of such a character that if
it became a law it would entirely prevent him from
carrying on his department successfully. I had
then entire confidence in his integrity of purpose
and in his judgment. My confidence in him mdi-
