1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20?
vidually is not diminished in either of those par-
ticulars; bat at the same time it is quite obvious
that one opinion that he expressed was an incor-
rect one, and that was, that the laws were such
as if executed in good faith would enable the de-
partment to prevent frauds. I am satisfied that
frauds have existed, and to a very considerable
amount.
But while I say this, I do not agree with all the
unqualified observations upon that subject which
have been made by Senators around me. I think
that when wo deal in these wholesale denuncia-
tions wo do not sufficiently consider the great diffi-
culties in which the Government has been placed,
the immense number of men employed, the ex-
treme exigencies of the times, and the novelty of
many things which have come within tl)e neces-
sities of administration. I believe the exerciso of
no human foresight would have enabled them en-
tirely to accomplish all that they had to do, with-
out fault or failure. Much, then, is owing to that
consideration. That there have been men provyl-
ing about the Departments of the Government with
a view to practice upon the Government; that there
have been men who have successfully practiced
upon the Government, and abstracted large sums
from the public Treasury, is unquestionably true;
but a very considerable portion of it was unavoid-
able, and hardly to be prevented by anything that
could have been done.
I think, however, it is manifest that our duty
is to do something more, or try to do something
more with reference to it, and 1 know of no better
method than that suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and that is to make practices
of this kind, especially in ielation to supplies '
furnished to the Army and Navy, a highly penal
offense to bo executed with rigor. All your pre-
ventives, your modes of operation, your con-
trivances of oalhs and things of that sort, unless
you subject offending men to extreme, severe
penalties, will,in mybelief, beunavailingentirely.
Now, sir, having thus admitted to a ceitam
extent, as far as I can go, that I probably might
have been in error in not rather endeavoring to
improve the bill than advising its entire rejection
at the time, (and it will be remarked we acted at
that period very much ill a hurry,) I am perfectly
willing,and not only willingbutnnxious, that this
bill as it was should be taken up, as suggested
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky; but if
it is taken up, I hope the consideration of it will,
as further suggested, be postponed, that we may
have (for in that 1 should still have great reliance)
the advice of the head of the quartermaster s de-
partment as to how far we can go with reference
to that, in order to effect the object which we de-
sire, without seriously embarrassing him; because
thatisan important thing,especially in thepresent
condition of affaus. A week from this time for
further deliberation by gentlemen on all the points
they have suggested would probably be sufficient
to enable us to accomplish something; and what
little we may do I hope may be of advantage.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I am fully
aware that nothing wo can do, no law we can
pass, can make honest men, and I am entiiely
confident that when we have discharged our duty
in this respect, when we have made every law cal- j
ciliated to protect the public Treasury, when.we ,
have exhausted our ingenuity in throwing every i
hedge and safeguard about it, that then there will j
be fraud, robbery, and theft. The Senator from
Maine is right in that. There can be no doubt
about it; but, sir, I hold it to be our duty, and that
as speedily as possible, to pass every law calcu-
lated to prevent those frauds and peculations, I
regret to say now so frequent and great, upon the
Treasury, and to punish those who committhem.
The bill that I pioposc to call from the table
was calculated more to enable us to detect those
who commit peculations on the Treasury than
anything else. To be suie, it punished ceKain
officers, confined them in the penitentiary for per-
jury when they swore falsely in making the affi-
davit required in one section of the bill. I know
that Napoleon the First, who perhaps had as much
sagacity and genius in regulating military affaus
as any man who has lived on earth, notwithstand-
ing he could exercise his own absolute will in
throwing safeguaids around his treasury, could
not prevent his subordinate officeis, the quaiter-
raasteis and such employes, from stealing the pub-
lic property, and appiopriating wrongfully the
public money, and I know we shall not be able to
do it entirely. But, sir, I feel very confident if
this bill were passed it would have a most salutary
effect, and save, annually, millions of the public
money.
I will not now state the contents of the bill; I
imagine its provisions are fresh in the recollection
of every Senator.
I fully concur with Senators who have spoken
against this wicked and corrupt squandering of
the public money. I have no special denuncia-
tions to make against anybody. I have through
life been slow to charge any person with any of-
fense, whether he be in an official position or not;
but I can say to Senators that if the statements
contained in the report of the committee of inves-
tigation of the other House on Government con-
tracts are true, the head of the War Department
and the head of the Navy Department must be
written down in public opinion as possessed of a
very great degree of stupidity or knavery., From
one or the otherthey cannot escape. It may be,
as a friend suggests, both. I make no charges
against those distinguished gentlemen. I do not
know whether the statements set forth in the re-
port are true or not. I suppose they arc true. If
they are true the public judgment will be that the
heads of those Departments are incorrigibly stupid
or excessively knavish. I do not know which it
may be.
I hope, for the credit of the country and of the
Government, that on a full investigation and elu-
cidation of all the facts it may be made to appear
that the distinguished heads ofthe War and Navy
Departments arc free from blame; but if the state-
ments contained in this report are true, it will be
impossible for them to extricate themselves. 1
make no assault upon them. I predicate the re-
marks I have made solely on the facts set forth
in this report. I hope, for the credit of the coun-
try, it may turn out that they are untrue; but it
looks to me very much as if they were true. The
heads of these Departments owe it to themselves
and to the country to promptly meet the charges,
and to disprove theiti if they are untrue. Nothing
less will or ought to satisfy the country.
j'lic motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excusc
me; I merely wish to make a suggestion to him;
I do not wish to mterfeie particularly with the
course he feels inclined to adopt, but several sug-
gestions have been made here as to provisions that
might be added improving the bill somewhat;and,
moreover, I think it would be wise before we act
on it, that some committee should consult with the
Cluartermaster General, and sec what his objec-
tions are to it, and how far they can be obviated.
I therefore suggest whether it would not be^vell
to recommit it to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and let them examine it and make such additional
suggestions as they think piopcr.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to any
disposition of the bill that will bring it speedily
before the Senate for action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
TEA, COFFEE, AND SCOAR DUTIES.
The joint resolution (H. II. No. 26) explana-
tory of' an act entitled " An act to increase the
duties on tea, coffee, and sugai," approved 24th
of December, 1861, was read1 a first and second
time, by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think before the bill is
referred it may as well be laid on the table until
to-morrow. The Committee on Finance have
consulted on the subject, and probably a reference
may not be necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will bo laid on the table tor the piesent.
ARTIEST OP FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for consid-
eration the bill (S. No. 126) in relation to the
arrest of persons claimed to be held to service or
laboi by the officers of the military or naval ser-
vice of the United Stater.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It declares that officers in the military
service of the United States have, without the
authority of law, and against the plainest dictates
of justice and humanity, caused persons claimed
as fugitives from service or labor to be seized,
held, and delivered up; and that such conduct has
brought discredit upon our arms and reproach
upon our Government; and it therefore proceeds
to enact that any officer in the military or naval
service of the United States who shall cause any
person claimed to be held to service or labor by
reason of African descent, to be Seized, held,,de-
tained, or delivered up to or for any person claim-
ing such service or labor, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall be dishonorably dis-
charged, and forever ineligible to any appointment
in the military or naval service of the United
States.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an
amendment to strike out all of the original bill,
and insert as a substitute:
That it shall be unlawful for any officer In the military or
naval service of the United States to cause any person
claimed to be lielil to service or labor by reason of African
descent, to be seized, held, detained, or delivered up to or
tor any person claiming such service or labor; andanyoffi-
cer so oiFending shall be discharged from service, and be
forever Ineligible to any appointment in the military or naval
service of the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, without
saying one word in reference to that bill, but
simply to express by my vote my opinion of it,
I move that it be indefinitely postponed, and on
that motion I ask for .the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham, Ncsmith,Pearce, Powell,
Rice, Saulsbuiy, and Thomson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Doolittlc, Pessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Har-
ris, Howe, Kins,Lane of Indiana,Morrill, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that copies of
that bill are not to be had. I have not had an
opportunity to see it as yet. I think it had better
be postponed.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator to
ask to have the measure go over.
Mr. CARLILE. Let it lie over.
Mr. WILSON. The bill has been ordered to
be printed. I do not know whether it lias been
generally distubnted or not, but I sent a printed
copy to "the Chair. I am willing that it shall go
over, for the purpose of allowing the Senator to
examine it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 understand that the
printed copy has only reached here from theprin ter
since we have been sitting to-day.
Mr. CAR.L1LE. And X have not been able to
procure a copy. I move that the bill lie on the
table for the present. It can be taken up at any
time.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FltOM KANSAS.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move that the Senate do
now adjoinn.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman be good
enough to withdraw that motion for a moment?
M° KENNEDY. With great pleasure.
Mr. FOSTER. I move, with the consent of the
Senator from Maryland, that the Senate take up
for consideration the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary, upon the seat of the Senator from
Kansas, not to continue any discussion upon it, but
ill order that it may be to-morrow the unfinished
business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 7, 1869.
The House met at Iwelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. A. P. Eddy, D.D., of Chicago, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SURRENDER OF MASON AND SLIDELL.
The SPEAKER laid before the Housea message
from the President of the United States, tians-
mitting to Congress the correspondence which has
taken place between the Secretary of State and
