1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
power of the Government be admitted also; for
this power comes into being on the occurrence of
certain facts. It is only by denying the facts that
the power itself can be dtawn in question. But
not even the Senator from Pennsylvania or the
Senator from Vermont will deny the facts.
The facts are simple and obvious. They are
all expressed or embodied in the double idea of
rebellion and of war. Both of these are facts
patent to common observation and common sense.
It would be an insult to the understanding to say
that at the present moment there is no rebellion
or that there is no war. Whatever may be the
doubts of Senators, or their fine-spun constitu-
tional theories, nobody can question that we are
in the midst of a cfe/aclo lebellion and in the midst
of a de facto war. We are in the midst of each
and both. It is not enough to say that there i&a
rebellion; nor is it enough to say that there is a
war. The whole truth is not told in either alter-
native. Our case is double, and you may call it
rebellion or war, as you please, or you may call
U both. It is rebellion, swollen to all the propor-
tions of war, and it is war, deriving its life from
rebellion. It is not less a rebellion because of its
present full-blown grandeur; nor is it less a war,
because of the traitorous source where it draws
its life.
The rebellion is manifest, is it not? An exten-
sive territory, once occupied by governments re-
joicing in allegiance to the Union, and sharing
largely in its counsels, has undertaken to over-
throw the Constitution of the United States within
its borders, its Senators and Representatives
have withdrawn from Congress. The old State
governments, solemnly bound by the oaths of
their functionaries to support the national Con-
stitution, have vanished; and in their place have
appeared pretended governments, which, adopt-
ing the further pretension of a confederacy, have
proceeded to issue letters of marquo and to levy
war against the United States. So far has this
displacement of the national Government pre-
vailed, that at this moment, throughout this whole
territory, there are no functionaries acting under
the United States, but all are pretending to act
underthe newly-established usuipution. Instead
of the oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, required of all officials by the Consti-
tution, another oath has been substituted to sup-
port the constitution of the confederacy; and thus
the rebellion has assumed a completeness of or-
ganization under the most solemn sanctions. In
point of fact, throughout this territory the national
Government has been ousted, while the old State
governments have ceased to exist, lifeless now
from rebel hands. Call it suicide, if you will, or
suspended animation, or abeyance, they have
nevertheless ceased to exist. Such is the plain
and palpable fact. If all this is not rebellion, com-
plete in triumphant treason, then is rebellion noth-
ing but a name.
But the war is not less manifest. Assuming all
the functions of an independent government, the
confederacy has undertaken to declare war against
the United States. In support of this declaration
it has raised armies, organized a navy, issued let-
ters of marque, borrowed money, imposed taxes,
and otherwise done al! that it could in waging
war. Its armies arc among the largest ever mar-
shaled by a single people, and at different places
throughout a wide-spread territory they have en-
countered the armies of the United States. _ Bat-
tles have been fought with the varying vicissitudes
of war. Sieges have taken place. Foitresses
and cities have been captured. On the sea, ships,
bearing the commission of the confederacy, some-
times as privateers, and sometimes as ships of the
navy, have seized5 sunk, or bui nt, merchant ves-
sels of the United States ; and only lately an iron-
clad steamer, with the flag of the confederacy,
has destroyed two frigates of the United States.
On each sidepiisoners have been made, who have
been treated as pusoneis of war, and as such ex-
changed. Flags of truce have passed from camp
to camp, and almost daily during the winter this
white flag has afforded its belligerent protection
to communications between JNorfulk and Fortress
Monroe, while the whole rebel coast has, by proc-
lamation of the President, been declared in asfate
of blockade, and ships of foreign countries, as
well as of our own, have been condemned by our
courts in Washington, Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston, as prize of war. Thus do all things
attest to the existence of war, which is manifest
now in the blockade, upheld by judicial tribunals,
and now in the bugle, which after night sounds
truce, as indubitably as in mighty armies face to
face on the battle-field. It is war in all its crim-
inal eminence, challenging all the pains and pen-
alties of war, enlisting all its terrible prerogatives,
and awaking all its dormant thunder.
It would be needless to go further in order to
show that we arc in the midst of a rebellion and
in the midst of a war; or, in yet other words, that
unquestionable war is now waged to put down
unquestionable rebellion. But a single illustra-
tion out of many from history will exhibit this
double character in unmistakable relief. The
disturbances which convulsed England in the
middle of the sixteenth century were occasioned
by the resistance of Parliament to the arbitrary
power of the Crown. This resistance, prolonged
for years, and maintained by force, triumphed at
last in the execution of King Charles and the ele-
vation of Oliver Cromwell. The historian, whose
classical work was for a long time the chief au-
thority relative to this event, styles it the 44 Great
Rebellion," and under this name it passed into the
memory of men. But it was none the less a war,
with all the incidents of war. The fields of
Naseby, Marston Moor, Dunbar, and Worces-
ter, where Cavaliers and Puritans met in bloody
shock, attest that it was war. Clarendon called
it the Great Rebellion—how small by the side of
ours! But a greater than Clarendon, John Mil-
ton, called it war, when, in unsurpassed verses,
after commemorating the victories of Cromwell,
he uses words so often quoted without knowing
their original application:
— "Yet much remains
To conquer still. Peace hath Uer victones
No Jess lenowned thanWai."
The death of Cromwell was followed by the res-
toration of King Charles II; but the royal fugi-
tive from the battle of Worcester, where Cromwell
had triumphed in war, at once put forth the full
prerogatives of sovereignty in the suppression of
rebellion; and all who satin judgmenton the king,
his father, were saved fiom the fearful penalties of
tieason only by exile. Hugh Peters, the Puritan
preacher, and Harry Vane, the Puritan senator,
were executed as traitors for the part they had
performed m what was at onop a rebellion and a
war, while the body of the great commander who
had defeated his king in battle and then sat upon
his throne, was hung in chains, as a warning
against tieason.
Other instances might be given to illustiatc the
double character of the pi esent events. But enough
has been done for this purpose. My simple ob-
ject is to exhibit this important point in such alight
that it will be at once recognized. And I present
the rebellion and the war as obvious facts. Let
them be seen m their true character, and it will be
easy to apply the law. It is because Senators see
the facts only imperfectly that they hesitate with
regard to the powers which we are to employ; or
perhaps it is bccause they insist upon seeing the
fact of rebellion exclusively, and not the fact of
war. Let them open their eyes and they must
sec both. If i seem to dwell on this point, it is
bccause of its practical importance in the present
debate. For myself, I shall assume it as an unde-
niable postulate.
The persons now arrayed for the overthrow of
the Government of the United States are unques-
tionably criminals, subject to all the penalties of
rebellion, which is of course treason under the
Constitution of the United States.
The same persons now arrayed in war against
the Government of the United States are unques-
tionably enemies, exposed to all the incidents of
war, with its penalties, seizures, contributions,
confiscations, captures, and prizes.
! They are criminals because they set themselves
traitorously against the Government of their coun-
try.
They are enemies because their combination
lias assumed the front and proportions of war.
It is idle to say that they are not eiimina's. It
I is idle to say that they are not enemies. They
are both, and they are either; and it is for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to proceed against
them in either character, according to controlling
considerations of policy. This right is so obvious,
on grounds of reason, that it may seem super-
fluous to sustain it by authority. But since its
recognition is essential to the complete comprehen-
sion of our present position, I shall not hesitate to.
illustrate it by judicial decisions, and also by ah"
earlier voice.
A judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States cannot bind the Senate on this question;
but it is an important guide to which we ail bow
with respect. In the best days of this eminent
tribunal, when Marshall was Chief Justice, in a
case arising out of the efforts of France to suppress
insurrection in the colony of St. Domingo, it wa'S
affirmed by the court that m such a case there were
two distinct sources of power which were open to
exercise by a Government: one was found in the
rights of a sovereign, the other in the rights of a
belligerent; or, in other words, one was found
under municipal law, and the other under inter-
national law; and the exercise of one did not pre-
vent the exercise of the other. Belligerent rights,
it was admitted, mightbe superadded to the rights
of sovereignty. Here are the actual v^ords of Chief
Justice Marshall:
"It is not intended to say that belligerent rights may not
be superadded to those of sovereignty. 33ut admitting a
sovereign, who is endeavoring to reduce his revolted sub-
jects to obediencc, to possess both sovereign and belligerent
lights, and to be capable of acting in cithei character; if as
a legislator he publishes a law ordaining punishments for
ceitain offenses, which law is to be applied by courts, the
11 atui e of the law and of the proceedings undei it will decide
whether it is an exeicise of belligerent rights or exclusively
of his sovereign power."—Rose vs. Humily, 4 Cr<n\ch, 279.
Marshall, C.J.
And hereare the words of another eminent judge,
Mr. Justice Livingston, itvihe same case:
<c But there existed a war between the parent State and
hei colony. It was not only a fact of the most universal
notunoty, but officially notified iu the gazettes of the Uni-
ted States."' * * * * "'Thoie wasnoticeofthc
existence of the war, and an assertion of the rights conse-
quent upon it. The object of the measure was" * *
* * ki solelj the reduction of an enemy. It wasihere-
forc not met ely viunicipal but belligerent in Us natutc and
object—iiobe v&. Hwnily, 4 Cranch, 288. Livingston, J.
Although the conclusion of the court in this
case was afterwards reversed,yetnothing occurred
to modify the judgment on the principles now in
question; so that the case remains as an authority
fordouble proceedings, municipal and belligerent.
On a similar state of facts, arising out of the
efforts of France to suppress the insurrection in
St. Domingo, the supreme court of Pennsylvania
asserted the same principles; and here we find the
eminent Chief Justice Tilghman—one of the high-
est authorities of the American bench—giving to
it the weight of his enlightened judgment. These
are his words:
We aie not at liberty to consider the island m any other
light than a.- p<ut ot the dominion^ of the French republic.
But supposing it to be so, the icpubhc is possessed of belhg-
c) ent rights." *********
"•Although the French Government, from motives of
policy, might not choose to make mention of war, yet it
doe-' not follow that it might not avail ibelf of all rights to
which, by the laws ot nation1-, it was entitled in the exist-
ing circum*«ianceV * * * * ''This was the
course punued bv Great Britain in the ievolutionai\ war
with the United Htates." * * * * <• Consider-
ing the wotds of the deciee, and the circumstances under
winch it was made, it ought not to he understood simply
as a municipal 1 emulation, but a municipal icgulation con-
nected with a State at war with revolted subjects."—Cheviot
vt>. Foussot, 3 Bmncy Rep., 252, 253.
The principle embodied in these authorities has
been accurately stated by a recent text-writer as
follows:
" A sovereign nation, engaged in the. duty oft-nppressing
an in-unertion of if:> citizen?, may. with entire consist-
ency, act in the twofold capacity of sovereign and bellig-
eseut, accoiding to the seveial measures lesoiicd to foi the
accompli-hment of lt^ purpose. By inflicting, through its
agent, the uidieiaiy. the penalty which the Jaw anises to
the capital crimes of tieason and pnaey, it acts m jts capa-
city a-- a sovereign, and it> courts are but enfoieing its mu-
nicipal regulations. By instituting a blockade of the potts
of its rebellious suhjccts, the nation is exercising the 1 ights
ot a belli"Cient, and its couits, in then adjudications upon
enpt me--.' aie 01 gam zed as courM of prize undet the laws of
nations."— Upton's Maritime Warjare ami Pnze,2\l2.
; But the same principle lias received a most au-
j thentic declaration in the recent judgment of an
| able magistrate in a case of prize for a violation of
i the blockade. I refer to the cast} of the Amy War-
I wick, tried in'Boston, where Judge Spraguc, of
the Jjstnct com t, expressed himself as follows:
"The United States ha\ e full belligerent rights, which
are in no degree imp-uied by tho {.ict that their enemies
owe allegiance, and have added the guilt of treason to mat
of unju.-t wai."
Among all the judges who have been called to
consider judicially the character ot'this rebellion,
i I- know cif none whose opinion is entitled to more
