208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
the authorities of Great Britain and Prance on the
subject of the recent removal of certain citizens of
the'United States from the British mail steamer
Trent, by order of Captain Wilkes, commander
of the United States war steamer San Jacinto.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that that
message and accompanying documents be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed. That motion is debatable if I mis-
take not.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
avail myself of this the earliest opportunity yet
presented, to express my utter and strong con-
demnation, as one of the Representatives of the
people, of the act of the Administration surren-
dering Mr. Mason and Mr. Slidell to the British
Government. For six weeks, sir, they were held
in close custody as " traitors," in a foitiess of the
United States, by order of the Secretary of State,
and with the approval and applause of the press,
of the public men,jof the Navy Department, of
this House, and of the people of the United States,
with a full knowledge of the manner and nil the
circumstances of their capture; and yet in six
days after the imperious and peremptory demand
of Great Britain, they were abjectly surrendered
upon the mere rumor of the approach of a hostile
fleet; and thus, sir, for the first time in our na-
tional history, have we strutted insolently into a
quarrel without right, and then basely crept out
of it without honor; and thus, too, for the first
time, has the American eagle been made to cower
before the British lion.
Sir, a venal or fettered and terror-stricken press,
or servile and sycophantic politicians in this
House, or out of it, may applaud the act; and
may fawn and flatter and hck the hand which
has smitten down our honor into the dust; but
the people, now or hereafter, will demand a ter-
rible reckoning for this most unmanly surrender.
But I do not trust myself, sir, now to speak of it
as I propose some day to speak. I rose only to
put upon record my solemn and most emphatic
protest against it; and to express my deep con-
viction that the very war which but the other day
might have been avoided by combined wisdom
anu firmness, is now inevitable. Sir, it may be
no fault of the Secretary of State that this sur-
render has been made; and yet he has, I fear, but
sown the dragon's teeth by this his fatal dispatch,
and armed men will spring from it. In the name
of God , sir, what does England want with Mason
and Slidell? It was a surrender of the claim
of right to seize them on board her ships, under
her flag, that she demanded; and yet this is the
very thing which Mr. Seward pertinaciously
refuses; and he only condemns Captain Wilkes
because he did notcnforce this asserted right with
greater severity against the offending neutral ship.
Why, sir, upon the principles of the dispatch
which has just been laid upon your table, if a
merchant vessel, as at fiist intended, had been
employed to carry these men fiom Fort Warren
to England, she might to-day be arrested upon the
high seas, and they dragged again from her deck,
provided only she were forthwith brought back
into the port of Boston for confiscation.
But more than this: England needs—I do not
say siie wants—war; but she must and will have
it. And this Administration has acted, sir, from
the beginning as if it were their purpose to oblige
her in it to the utmost. Look into your diplo-
matic correspondence; look atyour " stone fleet."
But let that pass. Who, I ask, among the mil-
lions of this country, or in this Ilouse, or the Sen-
ate, or the Administration itself, in the midst of
the dead calm of stolid security which broods now
over all, has reflected for one moment upon the
portentous sigmficancy of the events of the pass-
ing hour. A British man-of-war bears to-day upon
the bosom of the ocean to the shores of England,
there to be received in triumph and with shouts
of exultation—the guests of the people of Eng-
land and the proteges of her ministry—the very
men who, but for the rash act of Captain Wilkes,
and the still rasher indorsement of the Adminis-
tration and of the country, would six weeks a°-o
have been landed from a private ship, in quietand
obscurity, as rebels and refugees. All Europe
echoes now with their names, and all Europe will
rise up to do them honor. Yet you surrendered
them, did you, to escape the recognition by Eng-
land of the confederate States; and your Secretary
of State, with Christian resignation or stoic phi-
losophy, calmly rejoices that the " effectual check
and waning proportions " of the insurrection, as
well as "the comparative unimportance, when
weighed dispassionately," of the persons con-
cerned, happily enable the Administration, after
six weeks' experiment, to " cheerfully liberate "
them, and thustoiemove this leterrima causabelli.
Sir, give me leave to say, that the moment they
stepped upon the deck of the British man-of-war,
your prisoners of State—whom but the other day
you would have consigned to a felon's cell—be-
came in very deed the envoys and embassadors
of a recognized independent State. And I pre-
dict here to-day that in spite of this deep national
humiliation, or rather perhaps because of it—in
spite, too, of the surrender, without protest, of the
<k Monroe doctrine," for forty years the cherished
and proud policy ofthisGovernment—in less than
three months you will be at war with Great Brit-
ain; or else will, meantime, have tamely submit-
ted also to a recognition of the confederate States,
and the breaking up of your blockade; and, if at
war, then with hearts unstrung and hands un-
nerved by this very surrender. Courage, cour-
age, sir, is the first and best of peace-makers. I
know very well, Mr. Speaker, that like all simi-
lar predictions for some years past in regard to
our public affairs, this one, too, you will treat
with scoffing and incredulity; but 1 put it upon
record hereto-day. 44 The prudent man foreseeth
the evil and hideth himself; but the simple pass
on and are punished."
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, I take this
occasion to congratulate the country and the
House on the fact that my colleague, who has just
taken his seat, and who has been for a long time
on the peace establishment, is now upon a war
footing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon the war path.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not propose at this
time, without preparation, to discuss the propri-
ety or impropriety of the surrender of Mason and
Slidell, but 1 do wish to 'comment very briefly
upon the attitude of my colleague upon this and
some other questions connected with the welfare
and interest of this Government. What has been
the position of niv colleague?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
have no doubt that the privilege of reply will be
allowed to me; and I think, without a great deal
of vanity, I may be able to take care of myself in
this personal controversy; but at the same time
I submit this question of order, that any remarks
in regard to my position on any other subject are
not pertinent to the question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
must confine his remarks to the subject before the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To the surrender
of Mason and Slidell, and not to the position of
C. L. Vallandigiiam.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that the position of my colleague has been, since
the breaking out of this unfortunate rebellion,
against coercion and in favor of peace at any price;
and I do not understand, therefore, why itis that
he is so much in favor of coercing England, when
he is opposed to coercing that rebellious power
that is seeking to destroy this Government. Itis
reported that so much in favor of peace was my
colleague that he asserted that before the citizens
of Ohio should be marshaled to coerce any por-
tion of the States of this Union, they should march
over his dead body.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Allow me a word
just there upon that point.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Certainly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does not the gen-
tleman from Ohio know that in a published card
1 have denounced that as a speech of intense stu-
pidity, which I never uttered m this House or out
of it, neither in conversation nor in any other form;
and how now comes he to gather up the floating
slanders of the last six months and retail them
upon this floor?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I of course accept the de-
nial, but I think that the general policy and prin-
ciples advocated by the gentleman make him
occupy about that position.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order. It is that the controversy growing up
between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallan-
digham] and the gentleman now upon the floor
[Mr. Hutchins] is entirely irrelevant to the sub-
ject before the House. For four sessions have
the political positions of Ohio and of the members
from that State been discussed here from day to
day, and I think time enough has been given by
this House to the consideration of the various
positions of gentlemen from the State of Ohio,
and therefore I raise the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
proper thatagentlemanwho raisesapointoforder
should show the inconsistency of the remarks he
objects to to the question under discussion. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With great re-
spect, I suggest 
The Si/EAKER. Does the gentleman take an
appeal ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. No, sir; but
sometimes courtesy allows a suggestion to be
made to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
remark if there is no objection.
Objection was made.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I was inferring what I be-
lieved to be the sentiment and the position of my
colleague from his uniform course in opposing all
and every measure having: a tendency to put down
this rebellion, and to restore the authority of the
Constitution of the United States over these re-
volted States. I appeal to every member of this
House, while I would not call in question the
motives of my colleague, or of anybody else, for
the truth of the assertion that my colleague has
opposed every warlike preparation of this Gov-
ernment which really involved its honor and its
dignity, and which had a tendency to put down
this rebellion. And why is it that my colleague
is so bellicose now upon the position of England?
If the members of this House will read an article
recently published in the Richmond Examiner,
they will find a very good counterpart to my col-
league's speech. That article is in relation to the
surrender of Mason and Slidell. Can it be pos-
sible that my colleague is of opinion that if we
should get into a war with England, it might by
possibility aid this rebellion? I must not state
any such thing. But I say the position of my
colleague upon the right to coerce the States in
revolt, and the position of my colleague upon this
controversy with England, give color to the sus-
picion that his belligerent attitude in the one case
may tend to benefit the rebellious States, and there-
fore he is in favor of war in one instance, and op-
posed to coercion in the other. Upon what other
ground can the difference m the position of the
gentleman be explained? I do not see how he can
reconcile the consistency of his conduct upon any
other hypothesis. I hope he may be able to rec-
oncile his conduct in the estimation of this House,
and in the estimation of the country. I trust he
may, but until he shall give some satisfactory
reason for his belligerent position in the one case,
and his persistent peace principles in the other,
the country will not be satisfied, for I believe the
gentleman asserted during the last extra session
that he loved peace more than he loved the Amer-
ican Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is another of
the same class of falsehoods that have been cir-
culated broadcast by a most reckless and menda-
cious press throughout the country. I never said
it here or elsewhere.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I so understood him to
asseit.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Never.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have not looked at the
Globe to see whether or not his remaiks as pub-
lished will bear that interpretation. I may have
misunderstood him. At all events, when and
where has my colleague, from the commencement
of this rebellion, from the time when these rebels
began to seize and confiscate the property of the
United States, voted for or advocated a measure
tending to reduce and subdue the persons in rebel-
lion, and to establish over them the authority of the
United States ? I think since this rebellion broke
out that the record of this House will not show
a vote or a speech of my colleague but in opposi-
tion to any measure which might bring the Uni-
ted States Government into armed collision with
the rebels. I believe that a fair statement of the
