1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3151
agement when they are able to point to a falling
on the part of the North, or to divisions among
us. It is inspiriting to the enemies of the country
in the rebellious States when we not only refuse
to accept those loyal men whose skins are not as
white as ours, but drive them from our lines.
Sir, the abolition party of which you speak
have desired, have prayed, that there may be called
into this war, in aid of the Government, the loyal
people of the confederate States without reference
to their color. We have the word of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] that General Hal-
leek sacrificed twenty thousand—I believe the Sen-
ator said fifty thousand—white troops in the
swamps of Corinth in constructing bridges and
roads, every one of whom could have been saved
had he permitted the loyal people of the confed-
erate States, without reference to color, to come
within his lines and build the bridges and the for-
tifications. General McClellan has sacrificed thou-
sands of lives in the swamps of the Chickahominy
and upon the fortifications of Yorktown, because
he would not permit the loyal men of the rebel-
lious States, without reference to color, to come
within his lines and do the work for which they
were better adapted than his white soldiers. We
radicals, abolitionists if you please, have asked
that the white soldier shall be kept for battle, and
that the loyal black men of the confederate States
may be permitted to do necessary work, and be
armed for the perpetuating of this Union. If that
had been done at first, in the opinion of your
speaker this war would have been closed within
ninety days after its commencement. Could that
policy be inaugurated to-day, before the ides of
October thisGovernmentwould be extended over
every foot of land over which the flag has here-
tofore waved. You denounce us as radicals and
abolitionists when we desire to do what England
did in her Asiatic colonies. The native troops
were called to the field, armed, and employed to
put down the insurrection againstEngiish author-
ity. Without them the attempt to reduce India
would have failed.
if to oppose the using of American volunteers
for the protection of rebel property; if to favor the
confiscation of rebel property constitutes radical-
ism, then, Mr President, I am a radical. If op-
posing the use of American soldiers for the return
of fugitive slaves to rebel masters; if opposition
to the policy of driving from our lines the loyal
men of the rebellious States because of their color
renders me an abolitionist, then, Mr. President, I
am one. Radical and abolitionist, Mr. President,
I say crush out this rebellion, even if human sla-
very should perish in the land.
Mr. COWAN. If the gentleman will allow me
to make a short statement, I wish to make it just
here for the purpose of setting myself right. I
wish to remind the Senator that I myself laid
down very distinctly the rule which governed me
upon the subject of arming negroes. I did it
twice. I stated, and I believe I first stated in this
body, that to my mind the true rule was, when a
general came into a country and met a negro, the
question was not whether he was a slave or no;
but the question was, whether he was an enemy
or a friend. I laid down the rule that if he were
an enemy, he should be treated as an enemy; if
a friend, he should be treated as a friend. He
cannot determine the question of slavery. It some-
times takes a court two or three days to determine
that question, and it cannot be expected that a
general could do it on the instant.
As to arming the negroes, I have taken the
ground that that is a question entirely for the Pres-
ident to determine. The law does not declare
what kind of men the President shall enlist; but
he is bound to enlist a man, a civilized man whom
he can restrain within the rules of civilized war-
fare, in order to carry on civilized war. If he
can take a negro and put him to that use, I have
no objection m the world. What I object to is,
that this subject is brought in Congress where we
have no authority to decidc it, and where it is
published m the debates', and goes abroad all over
the country to bewilder men and to agitate them
uselessly for no cause at all. The President can
judge of thatquestionand determineit. Thatismy
doctrine. 1 have not given any opinion about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator distinctly
denounced the radicals and abolitionists of Con-
gress.
Mr. COWAN. I do.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is the distinc-
tion between the radical men on this floor and
those who claim to be conservative? We desire
this war to be waged vigorously, earnestly, with-
out reference to slavery, leaving that institution
to take care of itself. We desire that the armies
of the Union shall maintain themselves in the
country of the rebels. We desire that the soldiers
shall not be used for the purpose of protecting
rebel property or for restoring runaway slaves.
We desire the loyal men of the slave States, with-
out reference to color, to be called into the service
and armed. Those are the only distinctions be-
tween us, who are denounced as radicals and abo-
litionists, and you, gentlemen, who claim to be
conservatives. We believe sincerely, earnestly,
that rebel property should bear its proportion of
the expenses of the war; and therefore we vote
for a confiscation bill. We believe that the slaves
of traitors should be emancipated, and that they
should be allowed to come into our lines, and be
armed to work and fight for the country, instead
of against the country; that they should be per-
mitted to change sides.
Mr. President, so far as I am concerned, radical
if you please, and abolitionist, if you please, 1
stand here in my place in the Senate to sustain
the Government, the President, the Secretary of
War, who I believe to-day is one of the bulwarks
of this nation, one of the live men of this Adminis-
tration, to stand by him, to stand by the command-
ers of our armies, to stand by the officers of the
Government, until victory is won and the country
restored; and then I will go with the Senator from
Michigan and other Senators in holding them to
a strict accountability for errors committed or
crimes perpetrated; but while the war is upon us,
let us stand by each and every one of them, for
it is necessary to save the country. Let us not
attempt to change front in the face of the enemy;
disaster always attends such stiategy.
Mr. FESSENDEiNT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration o'f executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CARLILE. Allow me to say just one
word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannotgive way further.
Mr. CARLILE. I am not going to make a
reply. I only desire to make a short statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the motion for an
executive session.
Mr. CARLILE. It is a mere personal remark,
and is the only one I desire to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield the floor?
Mr. CARLILE. I ask but a moment; nothing
more. I am not going to participate in this dis-
cussion; but I know how we £fre misrepresented,
and I desire to say a word in justice to myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I yield it for a personal
explanation merely.
Mr. CARLILE. That is all. I merely wish
to say to the Senate, so that it may go abroad with
the remarks of the Senator from Kansas, that I
uttered not one word to discourage enlistments,
and that the Senator did me great injustice when
he made that reference to me. The reporters will
give to the country in the morning, I presume,
what I did say, as they know it is not my habit
ever to revise what I say in the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to a personal
explanation, and I believe that is a privileged
question. I believe that, unless it is heralded to
the country that there is to be a change of policy
in the management of this war, enlistments will
fail. The remarks of the Senator from Virginia
went to prove to the country that the policy of pro-
tecting slave property, returning runaway slaves,
and fearing to give offense to the rebels, or hurting
some of them 
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I did not use the word " slave"
once.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The argument was
that there was to be no change of policy.
Mr. CARLILE. The country will see what I
said.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That was the tend-
ency of it.
COMMITTEE ON CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. CLARK. Before proceeding with other
business, I desire to rpovethat the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, have a member added to it in the place
ofMr. Johnson. By the absence of Mr. Johnson
and Mr. Dixon, I am left entirely alone, and
therefore cannot act.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Howe was
appointed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and I give notice that I will not yield to any-*
body.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 7, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for re-
ports, for reference only.
FANNY MACTIER SMITH.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill of the Senate (No. 371) for the relief of Fanny
Mactier Smith, the widow of General Smith.
Mr. IIOLMAN. How large a pension does it
give?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Fifty dollars a month during
her widowhood.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are quite a number of
such cases pending. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must'insist upon my call.
CONFIRMATION OF A LAND CLAIM.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 119, confirming a land
claim in the State of Iowa, and for other purposes,
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT MAUMEE BAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the erection of a
light-house at the mouth of the Maumee river
and Maumee bay; which was read a fiist and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 ask leave to introduce
a bill, that it may be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The SPEAKER. This call is only for reports
for reference only, and the Chair cannot leceive
applications for unanimous consent for any other
purpose while the regular order of business is
insisted on.
HALF PAY FOR "WIDOWS AND ORPHANS,
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a joint resolution giving
a construction to the second section of the act of
February 3, 1853, to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,and ordered to
be printed.
MILITARY RESERVE AT FORT SNELLING, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am directed by the
•committee on Government contracts to report a
resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be directed to make full investigation into the alleged l-^ue
of patent* for land included within the military reserve at
Foit Leaveuwoi th, and all the circumstances connected
therewith; and also in relation to the present situation ot
the lCf'ejve at Fort Snellinir, and that they be authorized to
send for persons and papers and examine witnesses under
oath.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of ordei. My point is that this is not an ap-
propriate subject to rt'puit from that committee.
It relates to nothing that was ever given in charge
