1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
Mr. DAVIS. J am obliged to my colleague for
that disclaimer; I have no doubt it is true; but I
was misinformed. My colleague admits that he
did address the people in his own county. How
did he address them? Did he address them as
Union men, in favor of Union sentiments, preach-
ing loyal doctrine for the citizen to perform his
duties; or did he address them as the resolutions
passed in Henderson in June, and the resolutions
in Frankfort in September, read? My colleague
says that, from the time Kentucky changed her
position in relation to neutrality, he has correctly
represented the State and the "Union party there.
The question was finally and fully decided by the
people of the State of Kentucky at their August
election of last year. A majority of about three
fourths of both Houses of our Legislature were
clcctcd in opposition to Governor Magoffin's neu-
trality proclamation. My colleague will not con-
trovert that position. The question was made
upon that proclamation all over the State. The se-
eessioners and Breckinridge men took the ground
everywhere that they were for neutrality accord-
ing to the Governor s proclamation. The Union
party took the ground that they were against the
Governor's proclamation, and all the neutrality
they maintained was that the State of Kentucky
should not send her men into the Union Army.
The Union party expressly took the ground that
Kentucky would not perform any act whatever
in opposition to the Government; that she would
not perform any act whatever inconsistent with
her uuty, and they only justified the Governor in
his abstinence from sending troops, in response
to the call of the President of the United States
under his proclamation of April. That was the
issue in the August election of 1861. How has
my colleague voted since that time? In uniform
opposition to the position of the Union party.
but, Mr. President, my colleague admits, as he
could not deny, that he was present at the con-
vention in Frankfort on the 10th of September,
and he claims that in my indictment against him
I did not include all the resolutions of the two
meetings. I only included the resolutions which
I deemed to be culpable and criminal; but in my
speech yesterday 1 read all the resolutions of both
meetings, so as to give my colleague the full ben-
efit of them before the Senate. Now let us exam-
ine for a moment the part which my colleague
acted in that famous peace convention at Frank-
fort, on the 10th of September. The Union mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from Ken-
tucky, one of whom, I perceive, is present, [Mr.
Dunlap,] know the character of those meetings.
They held out the siren, the delusive cry of peace;
but they meant nothing else than coercing Ken-
tucky into the southern confodeiation. The se-
cession party in Kentucky never had any other
object nor any other purpose than that. They
never departed from that purpose for a moment.
Some ten days before that convention took place,
the secession papers in Memphis proclaimed that
Kentucky need not delude herself into the belief
that she was not to form a part of the southern
confederation; that her territory was necessary for
thatconfederation, and that they would have Ken-
tucky at the cost of blood and conquest. My col-
league will not say that lie did not lead that proc-
lamation of the secession papers, because it was
published widely over the whole State of Ken-
tucky, and in every Union paper in the State.
On the 9th of September the confederate armies
invaded Kentucky at two points. General Pren-
tiss immediately dispatched to the Legislature
from Columbus, informing them ofthefaet. The
fact was known in Kentucky on the 9th, a few
hours after it took place, and the day before this
convention met and performed its business. My
colleague was m Frankfort, I believe, on the 9th
—he certainly was on the 10th. On the 9th or the
10th it was known to everybody m Frunkfoi t who
read a daily newspaper, that the confederates had
invaded Kentucky at two points to carry out their
avowed doctrine of subjugating the whole South
by biood and by conquest, to their own confed-
erate government. On that day a resolution was
introduced into the Legislature, requiring the con-
federate government to abandon Kentucky, and to
withdraw their forces from the State, declaring
that the State expected them to do it, and would
insist that it should be done.
That was the state of things when my colleague
appeared as a representative from his county of
Henderson in this convention on the 10th of Sep-
tember, after these great events had happened,
and after they were known in Frankfort. What
resolutions did he vote for there, not only after
the battle of Bull Run, but after the State of Ken-
tucky had been invaded by Polk and by Pillow,
and also by Zollicoffer fromfEastern Tennessee ?
I read all those resolutions yesterday; and I will
presently read those of them which I think bear
on the point of his culpability. Before doing so,
however, £ will notice a point which was made
by my colleague.
He adverted to a principle which I announced
when the case of the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Stark] was up, and to which I still adhere, that
a mere abstract opinion which is not carried out
into action is not a sufficient cause for the expul-
sion of a Senator. Does that apply to the case of
my colleague? After the battle of Bull Run,and
when all these great and unprecedented war meas-
ures were introduced into the Senate, docs my
colleague say that he professed only an abstract
opinion when he refused to vote for them ? So far
as his vote went, the conquering rebels would only
have had to march on to this city for the purpose
oftaking possession of the capital and the archives
of the Government, sacking the city, and then ex-
ecuting their boast of going on to Philadelphia,
and eventually to Boston. That was their plan
of campaign. Those were the objects which they
had declared they would achieve. If every man
in the Senate had acted as my colleague acted,
and had voted against the raising of any men,
any money, any means for the purpose of carry-
ing on this war, would not that proud and inso-
lent enemy, the icbels of the South, have long
since executed their boast? Does my colleague
call that an abstract opinion ? Ho was a Senator
of the United States, sworn to uphold the Consti-
tution. His duty to his country, to God, and to
man, was to sustain the Government in this issue
of battle whether it should fall or survive. Was
it not his duty to vote the means essential and in-
dispensable for its protection and preservation?
My colleague failed in that duty by voting against
the entire series of war measures, eight or ten or
twelve in number. He calls all those votes and
all his acts of voting in the negative, abstract opin-
ions. Why, sir, they would exceed any Virginia
abstractions " all hollow !" They are just such
abstractions as Jeff Davis and his followers in the
State of Virginia would have desired not only my
colleague, but the Senate of the United States to
adhere to and to act upon.
My colleague said that since Keutucky took
her present position, he has voted in conformity
to the sentiment of Kentucky. I have here, in the
laws of that State, a resolution passed at the ses-
sion bcfoie the present one of the Legislature,
pledging the State to raise her proportion of the
tux which Congress has assessed to carry on this
war, PI as my colleague voted in conformity to
that resolution of the State of Kentucky? The
matter came up in a proposition in the form of a
joint resolution by both Houses, which I read
yesterday, and out of forty votes in this body,
my colleague's was the only solitary vote that
was cast against it. Every Union man in the
Legislature of my State had voted font,and thus
indorsed it, and thus commanded it, as it were, to
bt obeyed by my colleague. This was the act of
his constituency and mine; but he exercises the
responsibility of voting against that necessary
measure; and he still proclaims that he is a good
and loyal Union man. May the Lord deliver this
Union from such loyalty and from such friends !
But I will proceed to read the u indictment"
which I drew up. 1 never disguised the fact that
I drew it up. I got my fuend from Minnesota to
present it, not upon my own judgment, not upon
my own sense of propriety, but upon the sugges-
tion of one or two friends. I thought then, and
still think, that I was the right and proper man to
present an indictment against my colleague upon
a charge of misrepresenting Ins constituency to
the extent of disloyalty and treasonable intentions
against his own Government. I will read a por-
tion of it, at least.:
Wheioa^ Laz vnus YV. Powell, a Senator from the State
of Kentuekv. alter eleven Suites had pub!i>hed then ordi-
nance.-, of mjYl—ion. I>v winch to seven theiujclvo* from the
Government ot the'United States, had formed a confeder-
ation and provisional government, and made war upon the
United States, did, on the 2Uth dav oi June last, at the city
of Heudetsoiij in the State oi Kentucky, attend a laige
southern State rights convention, over which he was called
to and did preside, and on taking his seat as president
thereof, made a speech in which he stated the object of said
convention, and then appointed a committee which reported
to said convention along series of resolutions that were
unanimously adopted by it. Among those resolutions are
the tollowing:
'•2. That the war now being waged by the Federal Ad-
ministration against the southern States is in violation of
the Constitution and laws"—
Is it a violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States for the Government to attempt to put
down armed rebellion? That is the war. This
is a war of armed rebellion. It was commenced
by traitors, and my colleague sanctioned, in June
last, a resolution declaring that an attempt upon
the part of the Government of the United States
to put down rebels and traitors, with arms in their
hands, was a violation of the Constitution of the
United States. Can a man, entertaing that opin-
ion and acting upon it in all his votes, be a proper
and loyal representative of a State that is loyal
herself in the Senate of the United States? That
is the question. Men may say yes, they may an-
swer the question in the affirmative; but 1 can
comprehend no reason of the head, no sentiment
of the heart, no duty of a man as u Senator or as
a citizen, that could sanction such a conclusion.
{"2. That the war being now waged by the Federal Ad-
ministration against the southern State-?, is in violation of
the Constitution and laws,and lias aheady been attended
with such stupendous usurpations as to amaze the woild,
and endanger every safeguaid of constitutional liberty.
'* That the recall of the invading aimies and the recogni-
tion of tii Q separate independence of the confederate States,
is the true policy to icstorc peace and preserve the rela-
tions of fiaternal love and amity between the States."
There is the measure of my colleague's loyalty
to the United States Government. There is the
sum and substance of his unionism. He says that
he is a unionist, and a unionist upon the Ken-
tucky platform. Sir, I dofyhim, I defy the world,
to bring forth the proceedings of any Union con-
vention or any Union meeting in the State of Ken-
tucky that ever avowed the sentiments of this
resolution. When he says that the duty of the
Government of the United States, and his duty as
a Senator of the United States, is to vote to with-
draw the armies of the United States from the se-
ceded States, and to acknowledge the independ-
ence of those secedcd States, what sort of unionism
and of loyalty to the Government is that? Is not
that treason? It may not be according to the con-
stitutional definition; but if it is not treason m pur-
pose, if it is not treason in intention, if it would
not be treason in its results, I do not know what
else under God's heaven it could have indicated.
That was what I said you were in default in,
when you taught the youths of your section of the
State such treasonable sentiments as these: that
they were not to obey the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; that the United States Government had
no power to enforce its laws against the seceding
States in arms. Your policy for which you have
always voted, to which you gave your sympathy,
and every vote and act that you ever performed
in the Senate or out of the Senate, was to uphold
the two positions embraced in this resolution,
namely: that the Government of the United States
must withdraw their armies from the seceding
States,and acknowledge theindependence of those
States. If that is not disunion, if that is not dis-
loyalty in high place, if that is not a violation ot
a Senator's oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, I have lost my reason:
"G. That we hereby approve the i<>fu-.al of Governor
Magoffin to furnish Kentucky troops to subjugate the South;
and we eoidiativ indorse Ins recent proclamation defining
the po&ition of Kentucky in accordance with the sentiment
of her people, and foibuiding the invasion of Kentucky by
Federal oi confederate tioops."
What is that but counseling the people of Ken-
tucky to rebellion and resistance against constitu-
tional authority? What is that but teaching them
treason ? What is that but the grossest and most
flagitious violation of duty that a Senator could
be guilty of, shortof the overtactof tieason ? Do
you not here aid and counsel and abet treason?
Do you not encourage it? Do you not call upon
the people of Kentucky to make themselves trai-
tors by expelling the armies and military power
of the United States, that the proper authorities
might choose to muster or to raise in that State?
And still my colleague says he is a Union man !
I will read on:
"7. That, although Kentucky lias determined that her
pioper positional piesent is that ofstiietneutiality between
the belligerent sections, yet, if either of them invade her
