3152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7:
of that committee. The subject never having been
referred to the committee, they cannot report on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
report cannot be made at this time if- the subject
has never been referred to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged re-
port. I am directed by the committee on Govern-
ment contracts to make a report in relation to the
entry of certain lands upon the military reserva-
tion at Fort Leavenworth, and as part of that re-
port I submit a letter from the Secretary of War,
and a resolution which I send to the Clerk's tabic,
and upon that I demand the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I raise a point
of order upon that report. I repeat the point I
made before. I understand that the gentleman
proposes to report, from the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts, something in relation to the
issue of patents for land at Ports SnelUng and
Leavenworth. My point is, that the subject never
has been referred to that committee, and is cov-
ered by no instruction which the House has given
to that committee; and therefore it cannot be the
subject of a report by that committee under the
permission given to report at any time upon the
subjects committed to it.
The SPEAKER. If the subject has not been
referred to the committee, the Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Chair will hear the
letter of the Secretary read in order to be advised
whether the subject was referred to the committee
or not.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to hav-
ing the letter read.
The SPEAKER. The point of order turns
upon the fact whether the letter or the subject was
referred to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state to the House
upon what the report is based. The Secretary of
War hay sent to the committee on Government
contracts the letter which I have sent to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make a statement upon the point of fact.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
has a right to make a statement upon tnc pointof
fact; but he has no right to state what the Secre-
tary of War has said, or what he has sent to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make a statement of the facts.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Secretary of War,
in a communication to me as chairman of the com-
mittee on Government contracts, states that there
have been huid« patented upon the military reserve
at Foi t Leaven worth, and that there are some mat-
teiM connected with the issuing of these patents,
and that I ho lands which have thus been 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair
will state to the gentleman from Illinois that the
only question isoneof facias to whether this sub-
ject has been referred to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Tins is the fact I am
stating. I ask that the. letter may be read.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read upon a
point of order. The Chair sustains the point of
order, unless something has been referred to the
committee by the House relating to this subject.
Mr WASHBURNE. Then 1 ask that the res-
olution may be referred to the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts.
The SPEA Iv ER, That cannot be done during
this call, which is for reports from committees for
jefereuee only. The point of order was that the
.subjt ct not having been tefetretl to the committee
on Government contracts, the committee have no
power to report upon it. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The committees having been called through,
The SPEAKER commenced the call of States
for resolutions, as being the next business in order.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. D1VEN. I desire to move for leave of
nbj-M-iKe ft>i my colleagues, Mr. V.w Valken
urat.ij, Mi PoMr.Roy, and myself, from thisCon-
pt ami in doing so I desire to make a statement
to th • Houxe.
2so ebji-iMion being made to the statement,
Mr. DIVEN said: I wish to .say m relation to
the absence of my colleagues, and the contem
plated abscnce of myself, that 1 ask it at the so-
licitation of the Executive. He has desired that
we should go to our districts and use our influ-
ence in aid of raising troops for the service of the
country.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is it too late to object to
the statement?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. DIVEN. And, sir, in taking leave of this
House, if the application should be granted, for
this session, and perhaps forever, I desire to say
a few words to my fellow Representatives here,
and I will trespass but a moment upon the pa-
tience of the House in what I may say.
Sir, it has been my effort in the brief time that
it has been my privilege to occupy a seat in this
House to discharge my duty to my country; and
among the unpleasant duties that T have been
called upon to perform was that of differing with
many of my associates. Whenever that differ-
ence has arisen, it has been a question between
my duty to my country and my duty towards
and respect for my fellow Representatives. ^ Sir,
in this crisis of the country, when, in my judg-
ment, the only hope lies in the strong arm of the
military force of the nation, the man who lends
his aid and influence to strengthen the military
power of the country comes to her assistance in
the hour of her peril and of her need; but the
men who sit here in council, debating and dis-
cussing abstract questions of Government, in my
judgment are neglecting their country in the great
peril in which it is now laboring. Sir, if this Re-
public is saved, if this nation with its Constitu-
tion and Union i^saved, it can only be done by
the strong arm upon the battle-field; and in taking
leave of the House for this session, I invite those
that remain here to devote their energies to pro-
curing arms and armies, and to leave to a future
time those questions upon which we are divided,
and about which we differ. I think, sir, that this
Congress has committed a mistake. Honestly, I
think, they have done it. I tfiink they have erred
in introducing measures and discussing measures
that can be of no avail until after this rebellion
shall be crushed out and put down. I think it
was a mistake to revive party differences in this
Congress, or in the nation, when there is a single
point about which the nation is agreed.
Mr. HUTCH INS. I rise to a question of order.
I inquire whether it is in order, under the permis-
sion granted to the gentleman, for him to go on and
lecture this House?
Mr. DIVEN. Oh, sir, I am not lecturing this
Congress, i do not mean to lecture this Congress.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until the question of order is decided.
Mr. WALL. I think it is entirely out of order.
If the gentleman wants to leave let him go and do
all ho can, but he has no right to censure this Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated that when the House gives unanimous con-
sent to a gentleman to make remarks of a personal
character, the Chair cannot determine how far his
remarks may go.
Mr. DIVEN. I have no doubt that I have com-
mitted mistakes here, and that we have all com-
mitted mistakes here, and I hope that I can ac-
knowledge my mistakes and suggest the mistakes
of others without incurring the censure of reading
a lecture to members. Far be it from me to read
any such lecture. Far be it from me to arrogate
to myself any superior wisdom. I was only offer-
ing an excuse for such differences as have existed
between us here, and I was only intending to de-
clare that so far as 1 was concerned, I had been
honest in my difference with my fellow Represent-
atives around me, and to give them credit for hon-
esty in their differences with me. That was the
extent to which I intended to go.
Now, sir, I want to advert to one other thing,
because it is known thatinmycoursein this Con-
gress t have desired that the whole Union senti-
ment of the country should be concentrated at a
given point; that in my earnest desire for this, I
have differed with some of my political friends,
and that the subject of difference has been in re-
gard to the course that has been pursued toward
the border States men, and the Union men in the
slave States whom the Government has been un-
able to protect in their Union proclivities. And,
sir, I will undertake to say that it is the first time
I have talked about the negro in this House. I
ventured to suggest on Saturday last, that I had
had^fn my desk for a long time a bill that I was
desirous to introduce here for the employment of
negroes in the southern States in the defense of
the Government of the United States; and inas-
much as in my course here I have agreed gener-
ally with the border States men, and inasmuch as
the introduction of this measure is calculated, per-
haps, to alienate me from them, as they may dif-
fer from me in regard to it, I wish briefly to say
why I think the negroes in the southern States
ought to be thus employed. Sir, I know it to be
the fact that this Government is to-day support-
ing over ten thousand black men at the expense of
its Treasury. Those black men are rendering no
equivalent for that support. Their masters have
left them upon their estates in the South, and
where our armies have been successful and have
occupied these estates, they have come to our
camps for support, and we have taken them un-
der our protection and are affording them suste-
nance and protection. I say that we ought to make
them render an equivalent. 1 say that we ought
to muster them into our service, and employ them
in our trenches and in our batteries, and instruct
them in siege duty, so that they may help to main-
tain the conquests that we have made.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to pro-
pound a question to the gentleman from New-
York.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. DIVEN. If my friend will wait till I get
through perhaps I will answer him.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object to any interrup-
tion.
Mr. DIVEN. I will detain the House butafew
moments longer. I say that it is the duty of the
Government to employ these men, because we are
affording them protection and sustenance. I say
that it is the duty of the Government to employ
them, because unless they are organized and
brought into a state ofsystematic discipline, very
soon they will become disorderly, and band them-
selves together, and no one can foresee what out-
rages they will perpetrate upon the country which
is left to them. For that reason they should be
organized and disciplined. There is this further
reason: that the season is approaching when svhite
men cannot exist in these torrid latitudes, and
they should be trained to defend and protect the
positions that we have taken, under the guidance
of Army officers, and under the rules and disci-
pline of war. The bill which I have prepared pro-
vides that they shall be thus employed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of tiie gentleman from New York.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. DIVEN. My bill provides that these men
shall receive the same pay as common soldiers;
but, in the discretion of the officers in command of
them, a portion of that pay may be taken for the
supportof the women and children who have been
brought into camp and who are dependent on
them for support. The bill further provides that
when they have rendered these services and come
to be dismissed, instead of receiving the bounty
which we pay to our soldiers, an amount equal to
the bounty shall be expended in transporting these
men with their families to such colony as they
shall select, and supporting them for six months
in such colony. I propose that, if they are will-
ing to do so, means shall be provided for their
emigration. I make no provision for compelling
them to go, only they get no bounty if they do
not go.
Now, a single word as to the propriety of train-
ing black men to the use of arms, and, after you
have thus trained them, leaving them iri a country
where they are more numerous than the white
race. 1 submit to the judgment of any man ifhc
thinks common humanity and wisdom would just-
ify such a course5 And can the negro complain
if, after we have employed him, we place him in
a country where we know—whatever he may
think—he will be better off than if he remains at
home where he can never overcome the prejudice
against color?
Now, sir, I make this explanation of my inten-
tions in introducing, or trying to introduce, this
bill, simply to show that I never entertained the
idea of an indiscriminate arming of black men,
without putting them in ranks and subjecting them
to control. I think there could be no inhumanity
greater than that of placing arms in the hands of
men who are in the condition of the blacks ofthe
