-
THE
SSIONAE GL0BE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirtt-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 9, 1862.
Neiv Series.....No. 198.
South, and letting them roam over the land, com-
mitting indiscriminate murder and desecration. It
is to avoid that very state of things, which must
otherwise inevitably come to pass, that I would
have the negroes mustered into service and em-
ployed. No mail can look into the future, and see
the success of our arms in the southern States,
where black men outnumber the white men; no
rnan can look to the prospect of the eradication of
white men fromthat section and leaving the blacks
in possession of the land, without seeing, if he has
any power at all to look into the future, that these
blacks will fall into excesses, which we will be
called upon to correct by the strong arm of the
country. 1 never thought, I never dreamed, that
we could fight the battles of this country by black
men. Any man who indulges the belief that this
rebellion can be put down by the employment of
black men as soldiers, while white men rest from
the labor of arms—any man who is hugging that
idea is hugging a delusion. No,sir, this rebellion
must be put down by the best blood of the coun-
try. The blood of white men must flow, and flow
in rivers, before the rebellion is put down. The
little that is circulating in my own veins may go
to swell the current as soon as the opportunity is
offered to shed it profitably. I invoke men who
want to see an end to the rebellion to put their
whole energies to the work of enlisting soldiers to
fight the battles of the country. And 1 hope that
Congress will soon feel that, after they shall have
passed two orthree necessary measures, they can-
not better do their duty to their country than by
adjourning, going home, resolving themselves into
recruiting officers, and coming back to the battle-
field, leading their constituents, or following in the
lead of their constituents.
Having said thus much, I desire to ask leave of
absence for my colleagues, Messrs. Van Valken-
burgh, Pomerot, and myselfduring the remain-
der of the session.
Leave was granted.
NEGROES IN GOVERNMENT WAGONS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in order
was the preamble to the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Indkfna [Mr. Voorhees,] on the
16th ultimo, as follows: <
Whereas the following statement appears in a public
journal which is worthy of confidence: " The New Albany
Ledger says a Union man, a citizen of the valley of Vir-
ginia, the scene of the recent conflicts, who was compelled
to abandon his home and accompany the Union army on
its rctrcatacross the Potomac, is now on a visit to some of
his relatives in Harrison county. Having suffered much,
and been imprisoned more than once on account of his
Union sentiments, which he never attempted to conceal,
and being now an exile, he, of course, feels exceedingly
bitter towaids the rebels, and hopes for their speedy and
thorough subjugation and the punishment of the leading
traitors. One circumstance occuired during Banks's retreat,
which he state? caused much hard feeling,notonly among
the loyal Virginians, but among the Union soldiers also.
This gentleman says that in the retreat, General Banks fur-
nished Government transportation for negroes who accom-
panied our army, while the white people—men, women,
and children—who were fleeing from their homes, were
compelled to walk; and he saw stout negroes riding in Gov-
ernment wagons, while sick and wounded soldiers were
walking." Therefore.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the preamble
on the table.
Mr. GOOCH. I beg leave to read an extract
from a letter from General Banks in relation to
this subject.
Mr. VOORHEES. If letters are to be read, I
have got a few which I wish to have read.
The SPEAKER. If it give rise to debate, it
must go over. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will do so, if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. YOORHEES. I object, unless this matter
can be made general.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Ml*. LOVEJOY. At the request of several gen-
tlemen, I withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I renew it.
198
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the Chair
whether this matter is subject to debate now ?
The SPEAKER.. That is not a question for
the Chair. *
Mr. WASHBURNE. For what purpose does
the gentleman from Massachusetts ask the with-
drawal of the motion?
Mr. GOOCH. Istate (he purpose to be this 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts cannotstate the purpose. It would be
m the nature of debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman does
not want to make a speech, I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. GOOCH. I do not desire to make a speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask consent of the House to
have an extract read in reference to this subject.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object, unless
both sides are heard.
Mr. YOORHEES also objected.
Mr. GOOCH. Then letitgo on the record that
the gentleman who offered the resolution objected
to the reading of a letter on the subject.
Mr. YOORHEES. I do object, unless I have
the same privilege. I have letters also which I
ask to be read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I renew the motion to lay the
preamble on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House now to permit me to have read an ex-
tract from a letter which I have, and that the gen-
tleman from Indiana shall also be permitted to
have read anything he may desire to have read.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I object.
The question was taken; and it wasdecidedin
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley. Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beamnn, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake,Buffinton,Chamberlin, Claik, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conkling, Hoscoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler,
Diven, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden, Frank,
Goodwin. Hale, Hatching, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Looinis, Lovejoy, Low,
McKnlght, McPhersoir, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Patton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, JolmH. Rice,Riddle, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks," Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Van Horn, Wall, Wallace, Washburne. Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Worcester—71.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Blair, George II. Browne, Calvert, Corning,
Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Duplap, Fouke, Granger, Grider,
Haight, Hall, Harding, Holrnan, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law,
Mallory, May, Menzies, Morris, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Richardson, Robinson, Shiel,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Francis Thomas,
Voorhees, Ward, Webster, Wickliffe, and Wood—42.
So the preamble was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Rice, of Massa-
chusetts, was paired off with Mr. Wadsworth.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that Mr.
Arnold was detained in Philadelphia on account
of sickness in his family.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Robert Irvin, trustee of the Mechanics' Bank,
New York;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Dennis Cronans;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of C. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees of
John McKinnic;
An act (H. R. No. 543J relating to schools for
the education of colored children in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District-of
Columbia; ^ * *
An act (H. R. No. 529) concerning certain
heretofore granted to the State of Iowa;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Lewis Warrington and others;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of T. S. J. Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 549) to abolish certain ports
of delivery in the Mississippi valley;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Abraham King, administrator of John Man-
derville; and
An act (H. R. No. 545) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector
of the customs at Chincoteague island, in the State
of Virginia
PAY OF MEMBERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a (jtiestion
of privilege. I ask leave to introduce ajointreso-
lution concerning the pay of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress belonging to the Army.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Thafis not a question -
of privilege.
The joint resolution was read. It dirccts the
Secretary of the Senate and the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives to pay to such
members of either House of Congress as have held
or may hold positions in the Army of the United
States during the present rebellion, their monthly
pay and mileage as members of either House .of
Congress during their term of service in the Army;
provided, that such members may elect to receive
their pay as members oras officers, butshall under
no circumstances receive the pay of member of
Congress and that of an officer m the Army for the
same period of time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
is not a question of privilege.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then I ask leave
to introduce it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am in favor &f it, but
not now. I will assist the gentleman from Mis-
souri in getting his resolution before the House
at a proper time, but for the present I want the
regular order of business proceeded with.
INTRODUCTION OF RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of States for resolutions, and the
introduction of bills for reference.
EDIZ HOOK LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation to construct a light-house atEdiz Hook, in the
Termoiy ot Washington.
RAILROAD TO POINT OF ROCKS.
Mr. WALLACE, of. Washington, also intro-
duced a bill to authorize the construction of a
railroad from Washington city to Pointof Rocks;
which was read a first and second time, and re- *
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HOMESTEAD AND PREEMPTION LAWS.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH introduced a bill lim-
iting the operation of the homestead and preemp-
tion laws; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TEXAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WATTS submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Whereas the United States have faithfully complied with
the conditions and stipulations contained m a joint resolu-
tion for the annexation of Texas, approved March 1,1845,
and the conditions and stipulations of said joint resolution*
have been, without cause, violated by the State of Texas;
and whereas the State of Texas has taken and convened to
her own use wrongfully the money, arms, and other property
of the United States of great value; and whereas the State of
Texas has, without cause and of her own wrong, invaded
