1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
past with a persistency and industry never ex-
ceeded, I met them at the moment by a flat denial,
and have nothing to add now. It is not in his
power to give them dignity or 'durability by re-
tailing them here. They never had a shadow of
truth to support them. And now, sir, as to the
true record here. On the 12th of July last, pend-
ing the consideration of the volunteer army bill,
I proposed an amendment providing for the ap-
pointment of a commission
" To accompany the Army on its march, to receive and
consider such propositions, if any, as may at any time be
submitted from the executive of the so-called confederate
States, or of any one of them, looking to a suspension of
hostilities, and theretum of said States, or any oneof them,
to the Union, and to obedience to the Federal Constitution
and authority
After referring to a precedent during the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan, where commis-
sioners were appointed to accompany the Army
for a similar purpose in the case of Utah, I said:
"Ought we not now, in this great revolution—this great
rebellion, if you pieferthe word—to exhibit somewhat also
of tlie same spuit of moderation and forbearance; and while
tiie legislative department is engaged in voting hundred*of
thousands of men and hundreds of*iilUons of dollars, ought
we not, bearing the sword in one hand, to go forth with the
oiive branch in the other?
" I offer the amendment in good faith, and for the pur-
pose of aseeitaining whether there he mu'll a disposition in
the House. For my own part, sir, while 1 would not in the
beginning have given a dollar or a man to commence this
war, t am willing—now that we are in the midst of it with-
out any net of ours—to vote just as many men and just as
much money as may be necessary to protect and defend
the Federal Government. It would be botli treason and
madness now to disarm the Government, in the presence
of an enemy of two hundred thousand men in the field
against it. But I will not vote millions of men and money
blindly, for bills inteipreted by the message, and in speeches
on this floor, to mean hitter and relentless hostility to and
subjugation ot the South. It is against an aggressive and
, invasive warfare that I raise my vote and voice. I desire
not to be misunderstood. I would suspend hostilities for
present negotiation, to try the temper of the South—the
Union men, at !oa>t, of the South. Cut as the war is upon
us, there must be an army in the field ; there must be money
appropriated to maintain it; but I will give no more of men
and no more of money than is necessary to keep that army
in the position, and leady to strike, until it can be ascer-
tained whether theie is a Union sentiment in the Booth,
and whether there be indeed any leal and sober and well-
founded disposition amonc the people of those Stares to
return to the Union and to their obedience to tiie authority
of this Government."
Sir, this was before the battle of Bull Run, ami
you voted my amendment down almost unani-
mously. But that was my position then; it was
my record in the midst of the crisis of the revo-
lution. It is true, sir, that in the madness of the
hour—amid the bitter and relentless persecution
of every man who would not bow the knee to the
party in power and confess unlimited confidence
in it, and promise unhesitating support of all that
it demanded—usurpations of power, breaches of
the Constitution, and all—no man heeded it then;
and in common with thousands of as good pa-
triots as ever lived in this or any other country—
men who would yield up the last drop of their
blood in the defense of the Constitution and the
Union, and for the maintenance of this Govern-
ment as our fathers made it, and for the honor of
the " stars and stripes," emblematic of the prin-
ciples upon which it was founded—I was hunted
and hounded in every State, and by every press,
and upon every stump,by cowardsand slanderers,
asan enemy to my country. To-day the magnitude
and true character of the war stand confessed, and
its real purposes begin to be levealed; and I am
justified, or soon will be justified, by thousands
who a little while ago condemned me. But I ap-
pealed then, sir, as 1 appeal now, alike to the near
and to the distant future; and by the judgment of
that impartial tribunal, even in the present gener-
ation, I will abide; or if my name and memory
shall fade away out of the record of these times,
then will these calumnies perish with them.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 rise, Mr. Chairman, more
for the purpose of correcting a garbled report of
some remarks I made a few "days since—a report
of which appeared in the New York Herald—than
for the purpose of making a speech. If it had been
in reference to remarks that I had made in the
House, I should have claimed it as a question of
privilege, and then set myself right; but as it was
r-emarks made at a serenade at the threshold of
my own door, I could not avail myself of that
privilege.
I was reported—and that report has gone to my
own district and State—as having advocated the
doctrine in favor of the extension of slavery. I
was reported, also, as having acted against sound
judgment and discretion in opposing the idea of
the surrender of Mason and Slidell.
Now, sir, as to what I was reported to have said
in favor of the extension of slavery, it was an un-
mitigated falsehood. I used no such expression,
nor anylanguage that couldbe tortured intosucha
construction; and whoever represented me as hav-
ing uttered such sentiments, if he were present and
heard what I said, designed the report to injure
my reputation. If he was not present, and took
the report from some one else, he ought to have as-
certained the truth of the report before circulating
it to the world.
I did state on that occasion in the few remarks
I made, that I thought the Government would not
be acting in accordance with public opinion in the
surrender of Mason and Slidell. Such are my
views and opinions now, but, at the same time, I
have learned that there are times when "discre-
tion is the better part of valor," and if there ever
was a time when that is to be made applicable to
this Government, it is applicable in regard to its
course m the surrender of these two men.
Now, I would like to inquire of my friend from
Ohio—and I do not do it for the purpose of say-
ing anything to irritate him—if he would not pre-
fer the surrender of Mason and Slidell at the
present moment to a war with Europe?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I answer that, in
my judgment, the demoralization of this Govern-
ment and of the people by that surrender, post-
poned for six weeks, and then made in the face of
a threat, was a calamity tenfold more disastrous
than a five years' war with Great Britain.
Mr. WEIGHT. That is not a categorical an-
swer to my question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that is not suf-
ficiently categorical, I beg leave to state to the
gentleman that, under the circumstances, I would
prefer a war with England to the humiliation which
we have tamely submitted to; and I venture the
assertion that such a war would-havo called into
the field five hundred thousand men who are not
now there, and never will be without it; and have
developedtm energy andpower in the United States
which no country has exhibited in modern times,
except France, in her gieat struggle in 1793.
Mr.' WRIGHT. My conviction is, that we
have now about as much in the way of war on
our hands, without adding a war with Great Brit-
ain, as the country can very well sustain.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania when he came to
that conclusion ? I was denounced as a " traitor,"
five months ago, for expressing that opinion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have not been denounced as
a traitor since this war commenced. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is because
the gentleman made himself an advocate of what
is called a " vigorous prosecution of the war''—
a thing I have not yet been able to see. But the
gentleman's time is just coming. Mine is about
past.
Mr. WRIGHT. I did. I stated that I would
lend my whole heart and soul and energy and
mind to the prosecution of this war after it was
fairly inaugurated; and I have not abated one iota,
one jot or tittle of that purpose. My whole heart
and soul is engaged in that matter at this moment;
and I am willing to do all that is in my power to
put down this rebellion, and to restore this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he has not changed
his opinion within the last two weeks, when, from
the place where he now stands, he congratulated
the country in view of the " waning proportions,"
to use a now classic phrase, of the rebellion, and
upon the fact, to which he pointed proudly, that
General McClellan was that day in quiet upon the
banks of the Potomac, " holding Beauregard m
check."
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not remember having
used that language.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It will be found in
the Congressional Globe.
Mr."*WllIGHT. If I did notusesuch remarks
I am ready to use them now. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is woise yet.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have at this point of time
unqualified confidence in the ability and military
skill, and, above all, the patriotism of General
McClellan. I am willing to give him a full and
fair opportunity, Without placing upon him any
trammels, or any shackles whatevertoimpair hi®
power, for the conduct of the Army safely through
the perils of this rebellion. I have abated nothing?
since the 19th of April with regard to my view 6f
the progress of this war. I believeat iisto momEljt
that the only thing we have to fear with ve«ard to
a successful termination of this war is tire danger
of a collision with Europe, or Great Brita'irt. mt
least. Therefore, notwithstanding I joiir'fritS the
sentiment of the country in indorsing the aWof
arresting Slidell and Mason—and had 1 been tiie
position of Captain Wilkes, I should have done
the same thing, and perhaps I might havegone one
step further and have taken the Trent and brought
her into an Amei-ican port—I justify the act as "I
understand it is justified by the country. P«l3lic
meetings were everywhere held; Captain Wilkes
was everywhere received with acclaim for the act
he had done; the Secretary of the Navy—oneof
the heads oftheDepartmentsofthisGovernment—
approved ofthat act. I understood theact to have
been approved by the whole Government. But
in the mean time a state of things had arisen;
making itnecessary to resort to expediency in this
matter, to save the country from being involved in
a war with Europe. In that view, I would rather
surrender these rebel refugees a thousand times
over than to have them the cause of war. Let
England take them; if she has a mind to fiSte and
toast them, let her doit—it is noneofourbusiness;
if England desires to make lions of confederate
rebels, it is a mere matter of taste. If they have
to be surrendered, then let them be surrendered
under a protest, while we shall remember Here-
after that there is a matter to be canceled between
the British Government and the United States of
North America.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question here ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man whether, if England breaks the blockade by
force of arms, he is ready to go to war with her?
Mr. WRIGHT. I am, unqualifiedly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We shall have a
ch^pce, I fear, to try him before long.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the time shall come when
any foreign countries shall make a combination,
whether in Europeorclsewhere,to raise the block-
ade, then I am ready to declare war against them,
because that will put us in a position where we
cannot escape the responsibility of doing it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man whether three months hence, without better
success than we have as yet had, a war with Eng-
land will not be giving as much aid and comfort
to the enemy as it would during the present month
of January?
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope before three months
shall have passed the army on the Potomac will
be eiiabled to advance, or shall be enabled to ad-
vance, with success, in less than half of that time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I-believe it is still
" holding Beauregard in check," and all very
quietly.
Mr. WRIGHT. Therefore thegentlemanmust
put his supposabl^time at a remoter distance than
three months, or else it will not answer the pur-
pose he proposes.
Mr. Chairman, I know that there has been a
good deal of complaint that the Army has not ad-
vanced. I am aware of it. You remember well
when this House vfas in session in the month of
July last there was great complaint made because
the Army did not advance. " On to Richmond,"
was the cry of the press throughout half of the
loyal States. The Army was made tributary to
what was regarded as the necessities of the case.
The Army did advance, and what was the sequel?
It showed conclusively to my mind what was
stated yesterday by the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] that civilians
had better let the Army alone, and that those in
command of it, and who have been educated in
military science, and appointed because of their
qualifications, had better be left in charge of it
uninterfered with.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to say a word in reference to that "on
to Richmond" charge.
Mr. DIVEN. I rise to a point of order. When
one member has the floor, has he the right to yield
it to any other to make a speech ?
