1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Government by expelling its troops that were
tfien within the State by forcc of arms on the part
of the rebels. The indictment goes on to say:
Those men were thus commissioned in tile, cause ot
conspiracy, treason, and rebellion. By the warrant given
them, on the motion of Senator Powell, they went forth
and organized, or advised and assisted in the organization
of armed bands of traitors, and soon thereafter led them in-
to the confederate ramps, where they are yet struggling to
consummate the disruption ot the Onion and thooverthrow
of the Constitution and laws of the United States. From
the beginning 01' tills great rebellion to the present time,
Senator Powell has neither done or said anything in Con-
gress or out of Congress to strengthen or sustain the United
States in the mighty struggle for national life. While the
true and loval men of his own State were engaged in an
arduous anil piotraeted struggle to bung her to perfoim her
duty to the nation and its Government, lie not only with-
held from them all assistance and sympathy, but gave to the
rebels the moial force of his disloyal position and opinions,
and all the aid and coint'oit which lie could lendei them
short of the commission of technical treason. His purposes,
if not his acts, have been treasonable. Being an ox-Gov-
ernor of the State of Kentucky, and one of her Senators in
Congress, his example and counsel have doubtless boen po-
tential wuli her people, and of mischievous tendency in
other States. Under the false and delusive cry of neutral-
ity and peace, and the absuid purpose to piotect the soil of
the State against invasion from the military force of the
United States, he lias doubtless assisted to seduce hundreds
and hundreds from loyalty anddutyinto rebellion and trea-
son. He has not supported the Constitution of the United
States, but lie has sounded the charge to lus recruits, and
they have made the overt attack upon it.
Now, I ask the Senate, in serious judgment,
whether every conclusion of the indictment is not
supported by the facts upon which it is based. It
seems to me that tins case lias five time the force,
five times the evidence of guilt, that was estab-
lished against Senator Bright. My colleague says
that ho might arraign me. Well, sir, whenever
lie can show such a record against me as 1 have
exhibited against him, 1 shall expect him to indict
me. No; he shall not have tile satisfaction of in-
dicting me. I would have too much sense of good
faith to my own constituency; 1 would have top
much sense of self-respect ever to retain a posi-
tion where I was grossly and flagitiously misrep-
resenting the wishes and the opinions of my con-
stituency. When the time ever comes that the
separation between their opinions and their no-
tions of duty and mine is so wide as is the differ-
ence that nowexists between their views and those
of my colleague, 1 shall have too much self-respect
to hold my position longer.
If, Mr. President, any dereliction of principle
or duty on the part of a Senator short of a palpa-
ble and overt act of treason, can disqualify him
for holding a place as a member upon this floor,
that case, 1 maintain, is clearly and conclusively,
by undisputed and indisputable facts, made out
against my colleague. If it requires proof of the
technical act of treason, my colleague may be
spared; and the gentlemen who believe in that
mischievous and most absurd principle, may vote
that he shall be spared; but as to myself, accoid-
ing to my reason and my judgment, 1 cannot con-
ceive of any other principle or consideration upon
which my colleague shall be made to pay the pen-
alty of his disloyalty to the. Government than by
being expelled from ins seat upon this floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no remarks to make
upon this resolution; I suppose it is best that the
vote shall be taken to-night; but having introduced
the resolution, 1 desire simply to say that I have
but very little interest in it. When it was pre-
sented to me, I looked it over and came to the
conclusion that no loyal man could participate in
and preside over and indorse the meeting which
adopted resolutions such as the one I shall read.
As late as the 20th day of June, after this war had
been begun, after Port Sumter had been attacked,
and after the rebels who sought to destroy the
Government, had an army of one hundred thou-
sand men and more than that in the field, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky participated in a meeting
which adopted this resolution:
"Thatalthough Kentucky has determined that her proper
position JUpteM'ntis that of strict neutrality between the
belligerent sections, yet, if either of them invade liei soil
against her will, she ought to resent and repel it by neces-
sary torce."
Here is the simple, emphatic declaration of a
convention over which the Senator from Ken-
tucky presided, that it was the imperative duty
of that State to raise an army and expel the forces
of the United States by force of arms. It is not
denied that he presided over this convention. Is
not that disloyalty? If the Senator from Ken-
tucky had assumed to raise a regiment in pursu-
ance of this resolution, and had led it against the
forces of the United States upon Kentucky soil,
would it not have been actual treason? Could he
not have been indicted under the Constitution and
convicted of treason, if he, as a citizen of Ken-
tucky, had performed the act which he by this
resolution declared that it was the imperative duty
of her citizens to perform ?
This is not all. After the adjournment of the
extra session of Congress, which met on the 4th
day of July, after having acted here in this Cham-
ber as a member of the Senate of the United States,
and after the battle of Bull Run, he goes home and
attends a meeting which,although itdoes not ex-
press it m quite so strong terms, expresses over
again precisely the same idea, that of the State ot
Kentucky arraying herself against the forces of
the United States if they come upon her soil. I
believe that at that very time Minnesota had
troops oil the-soil of Kentucky. I know that the
bones ofsomeof them lie there to-day. How then
can I, how can anybody, advocate the retention
of a Senator who urged his own people to resist
our forces when they were upon the soil of his
State defending the Constitution of the country ?
But, sir, I did not intend to argue the question;
I rose simply to say that the discussion to-day
has taken a very curious turn. I listened very
carefully to the Senator against whom this reso-
lution is directed, and to what he said about the
position that all the people of the State of Ken-
tucky took. He showed that those who are now
Union men, as well as those who are with the
rebel army, advocated the same doctrine of neu-
trality. I was a little astonished at that; and 1 must
say that it somewhat changed my feelings in this
matter. It seems that pretty much the whole peo-
ple of Kentucky at one time advocated this doc-
trine of neutrality. I suppose it was done by those
who were truly Union men for the purpose of
exercising a control over the public mind, and
preventing that State from going out, as most of
the other slaveholding States had done. In this
state of the case, I must say that I have but very
little feeling about this resolution. It is possible
that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell]
may have been actuated, as some others in that
State who are now for the Union were actuated;
but it does not seem so to me. I shall vote for
the resolution. At the same time, I regard the
question in such a light that I shall have no feel-
ing one way or the other as to the vote which
Senators may give.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I consider it due to the
committee whose organ I was in reporting ad-
versely to the passage of this resolution, simply
to state, not by way of argument, or of provok-
ing reply, the ground upon which the committee
reported adversely to the passage of this resolu-
tion. It was not because the committee approved
ofthe doctrine of neutrality in Kentucky. In my
judgment that was a most mischievous position,
and one wholly untenable, either in April, or
June, or September; but itisknown that the peo-
ple of Kentucky very generally assumed that
ground, and the Government of the United States,
if they did not recognize the neutrality of Ken-
tucky, we may at least say paid some respect to
it. The resolutions that were adopted, in which
they declared that the United States had no right
to pass its troops over the soil of Kentucky, were,
in my judgment, preposterous. It was down-
right opposition to the constituted authorities of
the Government; wholly unjustifiable. I have no
excuse for it. 1 think it is without excuse. But,
sir, such was the position ofthe great body ofthe
people of that State; and many persons now be-
lieve that it was owing to this position of neu-
trality which was then assumed, that Kentucky
has at last arrayed herself on the side of the
Union. I do not think so; but good Union men
doubtless did take that position.
Well, sir, the time came when, notwithstanding
Kentucky had assumed this false attitude, it was
necessary that her people should take sides either
wilh the Government, or against those arrayed
for its protection. Some men who got upon this
neutrality platform left itsooner than others; some
in June, if you please; some earlier; some stood
on it till September; but when the time came that
Kentuckians had to meet this thing face to face,
go with their Government or against it, fight for
one or the other, then, sir, the traitors arrayed
themselves, and undertook to get up a provisional
government in the State of Kentucky. Breckin-
ridge and the traitors alluded to by the Senator on
my°right, [Mr. Davis,] went into that organiza-
tion ; theyjoined the rebels; the Senator from Ken-
tucky, whose case is under consideration, came
llere—came to the Government of the United
States to discharge his duties here. _ He does not
agree with me in sentiment; his opinions are not
my opinions; I do not agree with the viewsthat
he has so often announced here; but he is entitled
to his own opinions; and no man is to be expelled
from this body because he disagrees with others
in opinion. Since Kentucky assumed this position
and took sides with the Union, nothing has been
shown to satisfy the committee, at least, that the
Senatorfrom Kentucky has had any communica-
tion or done anything to favor the cause of the
rebellion. I think neutrality did favor it; but, sir,
that is now over.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator pet-
mit me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not going to make
any extended remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. So I understand; but I wish to
ask this single question: did or did not the late
Senator from Indiana come here to perform his
duty, too ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to argue
the case of the Senator from Indiana. The Sen-
ator from Indiana was guilty of an overt act. He
corresponded with the traitors. He addressed
them as a government. He recommended to them
a man with arms. However, I do not wish to
argue that; but that is not this case.
These, sir, were the considerations that gov-
erned me, and I believe the committee, m report-
ing adversely to the resolution.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The remarks of the chair-
man of the committee render it necessary for me
to say one word. If there had been no observa-
tion from the committee at all, I should not have
made a single one myself; but as I am to vote
upon this question, I must beg of the Senate the
liberty for one moment to make this statement.
It might appear that the vote I shall give shows
a different view from the one I entertained when
the report was made by the chairman, and it is
to avoid that appearance of vacillation that 1 de-
sire to say one word.
I did not agree with the committee. I cannot
myself understand how it is that a Senator of the
United States—one who had taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States—should
counsel and advise his fellow-citizens, on the 10th
of September last, to resist the power of the Uni-
ted States in attempting to crush out treason and
rebellion. This was long after the battle of Bull
Run. It was after the whole North were in arms.
It was after rebels were upon the soil of Ken-
tucky by the connivance of her Governor. It was
when the Federal troops were marching upon Ken-
tucky for the purpose of rescuing the State fiom
the ruin of rebellion—then it was that a Senator,
who had taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion, advised his fellow-citizens to resist the power
of the United States by force of arms. All theories
had gone by then. We had the solemn, stern,
bloody fact of the existence of civil war; and even
then we find a Senator counseling his people to
resist the Government in crushing out that rebel-
lion. Sir, I shall vote for the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish that the resolution
might be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it resolved, That the said Lazarus W. Powell be,
and he is heieby, expelled fiom the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Harlan, Ilowaid, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, tSumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
and Wilkinson—H.
NAYS—Mes-sra. Anthony, Browning, Carlilt\ Clark,
Cowan, Doohttte, Fe&scndon, Foot, Fostrr, Hale, Harris,
Henderson, Kennedy, lung, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Ne^nntii, Poarco, Rico, Saulsbury, Staik, Thom-
son, Trumbull, Willoy, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson
of Missouri, and Wnght—28.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
SUTLERS FOlt THE VOLUNTEER FORCES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
