1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
3155
it may be.acted on at this time, the bill of'the-
Senate No. 342, for the establishment of certain
national arsenals.*
Mr* WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. PORTER. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays on the suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The hill which, was read,directs that there shall
be established a national arsenal at Columbus, in
the State of Ohio; at Indianapolis, in the State of
Indiana; and at Rock Island, in the State of Illi-
nois, for the deposit and repair of arms and other
munitions of war.
The bill also appropriates, for the purpose of
carrying the act into effect, §100,000 for each ar-
senal named in the first section.
The question fras put; and there were—yeas
84, nays 16; as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs* Aldrich, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ashley, Baxter, Ceainan, Bingham,
Blake, George H. Browne, Bulfinton, Calvert, Chamberlm,
Clements, Colfax. Cox, Craven*,Crittenden,Cutler, Dawes,
jDiven, Duell,Duulap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English,
Foulce, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley, Haight,
Harding, Holman, Julian, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Leary,
Looaus, Lovejoy, Low, May, Anson P. Morrill, Morris,
Noeli, Norton, Nugen, Odeli, Olin, Pendleton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Porter, Richardson, Riddle, TSdward H. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Shef-
field, Shellabarger, Sherman, Shtel, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin P. Thomas, Frdnels
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Voorhees, Wall, Washburne,
Webster, Albert S. White, Wicklifte, Wilson, and Wood
—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Samuel S. Blair, Campbell,
Frederick A. Confc.ling,RoscoeConkling,Covode, Fenton,
Frank, Granger, lO.Uey, Lansing, Lazeav, McKnight, Mc-
pherson, Moorhead, and Wallace—16.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The bill was accordingly taken from the Speak-
er's table, and brought before the House for its
action.
Mr. PORTER obtained the floor.
Mr. BAKER. 1 ask the gentleman from In-
diana to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. PORTER. I desire to have this bill passed
as it came from the Senate, and I therefore move
the previous puestion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to move to insert Peoria, Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If my colleague insists
upon that, I shall want to move to put in Galena.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. And I, South Bend.
Mr. PORTER. I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question for the purpose of making a
statement. This is a Senate bill, which passed
that body almost unanimously, for the establish-
ment of three arsenals: one at Columbus, in the
State of Ohio; one at Indianapolis, in the State of
Indiana; and one at Rock Island, Illinois.
I will state, in reference to Indianapolis, that at
the commencement of the war the State of Indi-
ana established an arsenal, for which she has now
paid §79,000. That arsenal has been engaged in
the manufacture of ammunition and the repair of
arms, and it supplied nearly all the ammunition
which was used at the battle of Shiloh.
At Columbus,Ohio, alike arsenal has been es-
tablished; and from the State of Iowa, by a nearly
unanimous vote of her Legislature, a petition has
been presented to Congress for the establishment
of an arsenal at Rock Island. That island is
owned by the Government.
I will state, that in the matter of repair of guns
alone, perhaps more will be saved than the whole
appropriation proposed here, because the trans-
portation of a gun from the army of the "West to
the eastern manufactories is almost equal to its
value.
As I see that the House is quite ready to pass
this bill, tins is all I deem it necessary to state
upon this subject.
Mr. HOLiVlAN. I would inquire of my col-
league whether, for the limited purposes men-
tioned in this bill, a much less sum than $100,000
would not be sufficient?
Mr. PORTER. No, sir; we have already es-
tablished an arsenal at Indianapolis which has cost
the State $79,000, and for the future purposes of
the war it is indispensable that there should be at
least an appropriation of $100,000 for each of these
arsenals. I now renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Th^previous-question was seconded, and the
main-question ordered to be put, and under the op-
eration thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the' third time,
and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF TUB SLAVE TJRADE.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to permit me to report back from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs the bill of the Sen-
ate No. 352, to carry into effect the treaty between
the United States and her Britannic Majesty for
the suppression of the African slave trade.
The bill, which was read, provides that for the
purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of
the treaty between the United States and her Bri-
tannic Majesty for the suppression of the African
slave trade, the Bresident be authorized to nom-
inate, and by and with the advice of the Senate to
appoint a judge, and also an arbitrator, on the
part of the United States, to reside at New York;
a judge, and also an arbitrator, to reside at Sierra
Leone; and a judge, and also an arbitruUflfeko
reside at the Cape of Good Hope.
It also provides that the judge at New York
shall be paid at the rate of $2,500, and the arbi-
trator there at the rate of $1,000 a year; and the
judges at Sierra Leone and the Cape of Good Hope
shall be paid at the rate of $2,500 a year, respect-
ively, and the arbitrators at the last two places
named, $2,000 a year, respectively, the said sala-
ries to begin with the acceptances of their com-
missions by the said judges and arbitrators.
It is also provided further that the judge of the
court at New York shall have power to appoint
a clerk or registrar to the said court, who shall
receive such fees for his service as are allowed by
law to the clerk of the court of the United States
for similar services; that it shall be the duty of the
marshal of the southern district of New York to
serve all processes, and execute ail orders and de-
crees of the said court, for which he shall be al-
lowed fees in the discretion of the jud";e of said
court.
The bill further repeals all acts and parts of acts
of Congress inconsistent with the aforesaid treaty,
and with the act itself.
No objection being made, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it was brought be-
fore the House for consideration.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire only to state that the pro-
visions contained in this bill are nccessary to carry
into effect the treaty recently made between this
country and Great Britain for the suppression of
the slave trade.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. GOOCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill ^as passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. FANNY MACTIER SMITH.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the bill from the Senate, for the
relief of Fanny Macticr Smith, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and considered now.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Mrs. Fanny
Mactier Smith, widow of the late Major General
Charles F. Smith, of the United States Army, on
the pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, from the 1st of May, 1862, for and during
her widowhood.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that, according to
the law of the land, this lady is entitled to a pen*
sion of forty-five dollars a month.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at
this time,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING.* I object to taking" up
the bill.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of taking up the bill.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
20, noes 8.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask for the yeas and
nays. This lady is the widow of General Charles
F. Smith, who died in consequence of wounds re-
ceived at Fort Donelson.
The SPEAKER. ? Bebm is not in order, as
the gentleman well knows,the Chair appeals
to gentlemen to observe the rftles of the House.
A motion to suspend the rules is not a debatable
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is it in order to ask for
the reading: of the report?
The SPEAKER. There is no report -accom-
panying the bill. •
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is it in order to ask that
a statement may be made injustice to this widow?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order by unani-
mous consent, but not otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
have magnanimity enough to hear a brief state-
ment.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am much obliged to
the House, and will make th« statement very brief.
Mrs. Smith is the widow of Major General Charles
F. Smith, the man who led that brilliant charge at
Fort Donelson, and there he received a wound in
the leg which superinduced the disease of which
he afterwards died. He-has left a widow and
three children, and I am told that she is absolutely
penniless. I hope the House will suspend the
rules and pass the bill at once.
Mr. HOLMAN. This lady,'of course, receives
a pension under the general law. How much
is it?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that under
the law as it now exists she receives no pension
at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. No pension at all?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No pension at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can thegentleman state why?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot; but I under-
stand that to be the fact. The bill was fully dis-
cussed in the Senate, and I believe there was no
opposition to its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Illinois will
remember thata bill has passed this House fixing
the pensions of all persons above the rank of ma-
jor at $30 a month.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That bill has not yet
become a law.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill fixe? the pension of
this lady at $50. I understand that the Senate
has passed the House bill.
Mr. FENTON. It passed the Senate to-day
with a slight amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Jt has nothing to do
with this case. Thirty dollars a month would be
utterly insufficient.
Mr. FOUKE. At what rate does this bill fix
the pension ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. At fifty dollars a month.
Mr. FOUICE. That is not half enough.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think it unjust and
ungracious, after the services which this distin-
guished man rendered to his country, that we
should leave his widow a beggar.
Mr. HOLMAN. All I ask is that there should
be unifoimity in these pensions.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the bill be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House. The motion is to suspend the rules to
bring it before the House, and on that motion the
yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
92, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ancona, A&hlev, Babbitt, Baker, Beaman,
Riddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
William G. Brown. Buffinton, Calveir, Campbell, Chain-
berlin, Clements, Colfax, Cutler, Dawes, Diven, Dueli,
Dimlapj Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fessenden,
Fouke,Gooch, Granger, Gilder. Guiley, Haight, Hale, Ju-
lian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law,
Leary, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, MeKnight, Maynaid, Men-
zics, Moorliead. Anson P. Moirill, Morris, NopII, Nugen,
OdeJI, Olin, Ration, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Potter,
Rtcliaidson, Riddle, Robinson, Edwnui H. Rollins, James,
S. Rollins, saigentj Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabaiger, Sherman, John B. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin
F. Thomas, FianfMs Thomas, Train, Voorhecs, Wallace,
Walton, Waul, Washburne, Webster, Whaley, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and Woioester—93.
NAYS—Mcs^-ifs. FrMeiick A. Conklmg, Fenton, Good-
win, Lansing, Sloan, Van Horn, and Wheelei—7.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The bill \fras then taken from the Speaker's ta-
ble,received its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
