214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
do so promptly—the more humanely because so
promptly and vigorously—with no reference to for-
eign nations, but with an eye single to what is due
to our own great country, Us grand though brief
history, its grander and 1 trust more enduring fu-
ture; Let us take care that, from this day hence-
forward, the country shall be ready to stand by
the law as in its hour of need and wounded pride
it settled it. Let us see that, when again the ques-
tion of neutral rights comes up, the United States
shall be ready with force upon the eca and heart
upon theland to meet the world in arms in defense
of their cherished doctrine, thus sanctified anew
to the hearts of their people.
War, sir, terrible as it is, has its laws. It is
also said to have its amenities; and I believe it
has, though the foe with which we are now en-
gaged has found no opportunity to illustrate them.
It is said on this floor, by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] that the settlement
of the Trent case will invite war or insult from
England. I think that England would, for rea-
sons of State policy, like very much to engage in
war with America at this time—not the English
people, but the governing classes of England.
And, sir, I think our own course of action—or, to
speak more precisely, of inaction—invites them to
declare war. i think that the condition of this
capital to-day invites war from any Power that
feels disposed to make its own terms with armed
impotence. Look at it, sir. The city is sur-
rounded with newly-made earthworks, scientifi-
cally planned and well constructed, well manned,
and supplied with approved armaments. Soldiers
tell us that thirty thousand men would hold this
capital against any force than can be brought
against it. It is environed within a narrow cir-
cuit by two hundred thousand men in arms. And
yet, sir, the short river which leads to this capi-
tal of a great and proud country, thus defended
and encircled by patriot troops, is so thoroughly
blockaded by rebels that the Government, though
its Army ha3 not an adequate supply of forage,
cannot bring upon it a peck of oats to feed a hun-
gry horse. Is not this*!Psight which jealous na-
tions may behold with exultation, and from which
they may deduce a want of spirit, courage, mili-
tary capacity—call it what you please? It is a
sight at which men may well wonder, and which
thegods must pity! We have sixhundred thousand
men in the field. We have spent, 1 know not how
many hundred millions of dollars; and what have
we done? Whatoneevidenceof determined waror
military skill have we exhibited to foreign nations
or our own people ? Why, sir, we are carrying
on war on peace principles. We have been en-
gaged in it for seven months; and if the Govern-
ment of England will infer from the conduct of
this war what our treatment of her would be in
the event of war, she will conclude that if she
were to put her troops into Canada the American
Governmentwould plantan army of aquartcrofa
million of men on the American shore of the lakes,
whose sole duty itshould be to prevent Canadians
from deserting the English standard, and periling
their lives in the cause of constitutional republic-
anism. Our Army does not seem to be engaged
in war. Our men, it is true, are liable to be mur-
dered when serving as pickets. They arc liable
to be slaughtered, as my townsmen were at Ball's
Bluff. They are liable to encounter masked bat-
teries, served by concealed foes. But they are not
led to where they might hurt anybody. Their
business seems to be to prevent desertion from the
standard of the enemy, to prevent men in the
enemy's lines from quitting their work at digging
the enemy's trenches, or bearing the enemy's
arms, or serving the enemy in any other manner
prejudicial to our cause.
- Sir, this is a melancholy truth. But more than
this, when it is necessary to invade a small por-
tion of the soil of the enemy, we shrink from the
dread necessity, and apologize so abjectly for
coming that we fail to regard the truth in express-
ing the pain we feel. When it was necessary to
plant a small force on the soil of South Carolina,
the commander to whom the expedition was con-
fided humbly apologized for having invaded the
soil of a sovereign State, the ready answer to his
proclamation being, " Well, if it be a sovereign
State, what the deuce has brought you here?"
Logic could furnish no more responsive or conclu-
sive answer. Our generals must learn that these
are not the piping times of peace, and throw some-
thing of the vigor of war into their doings. Eng-
land may not respect international law; but she
does respect power. Let h<*r hear by the next
west wind the booming of cannon and the rattle
of musketry. Let her hear the shouts of a victo-
rious army. Nay, sir, ifit need be, let the groans
of the dying, and the wailing and lamentations of
the bereaved go mingling with the shouts of the
victors, and England and the Powers of the con-
tinentwill pause with bated breath. Let the power
of our Army be put forth in the contest in which
we are now engaged, and we shall have no trouble
with foreign nations. But so long as our Army
is used, as it now is, as a mere band of armed
police to prevent the laborers of the rebels and the
disaffected men of their country from escaping and
serving us, to secure the enemy plenty of men to
dig their trenches and perform their labor; so long,
I say, as we employ six hundred thousand armed
men to secure to the rebels the laborers to raise
their crops and clothes for the next year, nations
will insult and deride us, and we will be in danger
of foreign war.
.Sir, it was said yesterday that the last day had
come. It was not on this subject. But my heart
has been sad for days past, for I have felt that
the last day of our dear country was rapidly ap-
proaching. Before we have achieved a victory
we have reached bankruptcy. We are to-day
flooding the country with an irredeemable cur-
rency. In ninety days, with the patriotism of
the people paralyzed by the inaction of our great
Army, the contractingchannelsof circulation will
be gorged with this medium, and the funded debt
of the country will depreciate with n rapidity that
will startle us. In ninety days more of this mailed,
armed, encamped, and intrenched peace, the na-
tions of the world will, I fear, be justified in say-
ing to us, " You have no more light to shut up
the cotton fields of the world by a vain and fruit-
less endeavor to reconquer the territory now in
rebellion, than China and Japan had to wall them-
selves in." And m the eyes of international law,
in the eyes of the world, and I fafcr in the eyes
of impartial history, too, they will stand justified
in breaking our blockade, in giving to the rebels
means and munitions of war, and accomplishing
what England desired when, with boastful hypoc-
risy, she added ^'20,000,000 sterling to her na-
tional debt m order to lodge free black communi-
ties near to us, and to excite agitation in our midst.
In ninety days—for, sir, let me say here that
already complaints come, riot from the men, for
they seem willing to perform any duty for their
country, but from officers, in the neighborhood
of the Charleston and Savannah railroad, that
their men are engaged in digging trenches and
performing the drudgery of unskilled laborers,
while other men of darker complexion are roam-
ing listlessly about unemployed, though anxious
to earn wages by such labor; nay, more anxious
to give such proof of their devotion to our cause.
We must learn that one of the first laws of war
requires a belligerent to cut off all the resources
of his enemy. Save life, especially save the lives
of your own men, but cut off all the resources of
your enemy, and if need be, cut off life too. Such
is the duty of the soldier. If you can conquer by
taking away the enemy's resources, humanity
prompts to that course.
But we are not, it seems, willing to avail our-
selves of their resources. We are too generous
to deprive them of them. We are, as I have said,
playing policemen to protect them. But, sir, in
less than ninety days—to come back to the point
of time—we shall be advancing in the month of
April, when our northern men will begin to feel the
effect of the heat in the neighborhood of Ship island
and the mouths of the Mississippi. Lookingto that
period of ninety days, I say that it is not a double
but a triple-edged sword approaching perhaps the
single thread of destiny upon which the welfare
of our country hangs. Bankruptcy, miasmatic
pestilence, are sure to come with the lapse of that
period, and foreign war may add its horrors to
theirs. I thank the Government that in the hour
of its agony it stood upon our historical doctrine.
I thank it that it honorably avoided war with
England; and I pray God that it may so far read
the laws of war as to learn that it is the duty of
Congress, the generals at the head of the several
columns of the Army, and the Government of the
United States, to cut off all the resources of the
rebels now in arms against us. It is the first and
lastlawof war. Itsthorough enforcement is called
for by all the promptings of patriotism and hu-
manity, and promises internal and external peace
to our distracted country.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of limiting debate upon this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So thecommittee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr.'Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the civil appropriation bill, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all general de-
bate upon the bill now under consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be terminated in five minutes after its considera-
tion shall have been resumed in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the civil
appropriation bill.
The reading of the bill by paragraphs for
amendment was then proceeded with.
Mr. COX. I should like to know of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
law there is for the payment of the sum of $7,000
for commissions to superintendents? I see the
paragraph refers to some law of 1851. I have
looked to find the law, but I cannot find it, and I
do not think there is any law requiring this com-
mission of two and a half per cent, to be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that no debate is in order unless an amendment
be offered.
Mr. COX. I will move, then, to strike out the
paragraph from the sixty-fifth to the sixty-ninth
line.
The Clerk read the paragraph, as follows:
For commisfions, at two a half per centum, to such
superintendrMiN as arc entitled to the same under the pro-
viso to act 3d March. 1851, on the amount that may be dis-
bursed by them, $7,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The act on which the appro-
priation depends is referred to in the paragraph.
I am not quite sure that it is correctly cited. I
have not had time to look into all these matters.
Mr. COX. The only act of March 3, 1851,
relating to this subject at all is a general appro-
priation bill. I do not think it is good practice
to come here year after year and vote appropiia-
tions merely upon the authority of other appro-
priations without any law requiring the expendi-
ture of the money. I know nothing in reference to
the circumstances of this appropriation, nor do I
wish ^o make a special objection to this particular
item; "but 1 wish to indicate my opposition to this
system of legislation. I move to strike out this
item in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a reference to the
act in the paragraph, and if it cannot be found as
cited, there must be a mistake in referring to it.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that
there are twenty or thirty acts passed on the 3d
of March, 1851.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, then, I refer the gen-
tleman to one of those acts. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. 1 have looked at all of them, and
I do not think there is any law authorizing this
appropriation. I desire to know upon what the
Committee of Ways and Means have based the
appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. We based it upon the esti-
mate of the Department, referring to the act of
March 3, 1851, as authority. We do not look
into every authority cited by the Department.
We took it for granted that it was referred to cor-
rectly. If the gentleman wishes to have the law,
I will endeavor to hunt it up.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I move to strike out this
item, and I hope the motion will prevail. I think
we should riot depend upon the dictum of the
Departments in these appropriations, butlook into
them for ourselves.
Mr, STEVENS. This is an allowance inserted
