1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2197
in the county in which he resides. He must be
a resident of the State two years, and of the county
twelve, months, and of the precinct Sixty days to
authorize him to vote. Of all the host of Union
men who have gone into the Union army, there is
not one in a hundred, hardly one in a thousand,
I may say, that is now in a position to be entitled
to a vote at the ensuing May election or at the
succeeding August election, which is a more im-
portant one. At the August election, our circuit
judges and our Common wealth's attorneys for the
State are elected. In one of the appellate judicial
districts—there are four in the State—an appellate
judge is to be elected. These elections that are im-
pending" are all important in the State of Kentucky
atthistime. TheUnion men oftheStateareanxious
to carry those elections, because they believe that
the fidelity of the State, the peace of the State, and
the secui fty of the people of the State of Kentucky
arc all dependent in a great degree on their suc-
cess in those elections. It is with a view to the
effect that this provision would have on those elec-
tions that I have offered it as an amendment, and
I am frank in making the statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I should like tQ ask him a
question.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does he hold that it is
competent for Congress to fix the right of voting
in a Stale.
Mr. DAVIS. I will explain that. The con-
stitution of Kentucky requires that every man, to
be entitled to a vote, shall be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. I hold that the Congress of the United
States has perfect and absolute power over the
question of its citizenship; that when it convicts
a man or declares a man to be a criminal for a par-
ticular offense, and declares punishment against
that criminal, one of the items of pumshmeni may
be the forfeiture of his citizenship. I suppose
there is no doubt about that. I think that prin-
ciple has been decided by the courts of the coun-
try. 1 know it has been by some of the State
courts. If this amendment should bo adopted,
oil the men who have committed the crimes that
are denounced by this bill, and against which pun-
ishment is declared in it, will have forfeited their
citizenship as citizens of the United States; and
by the terms and the literal provision of the State
of Kentucky, will have lost their rights to vote
in that State. In addition to this forfeiture of their
citizenship, and consequently of their right to
vote, the amendment I have offered also provides
that, the judges of the elections before whom they
shall present themselves to vote, shall have the
nght of hoar mg and deciding the question whether
they have forfeited their right or not. By out-
own Constitution and laws, and by the decision
of our court of appeals, our courts exercise that
power. It is a quasi judicial power, and all the
judges of an election are pro tanto judges. The
qualifications of each elector who presents him-
self to vote, or his fojjfy^tnre of his qualifications
by having changed his residence from the State,
or the county, or the precinct wherein he had re-
sided, so as to bring him out of the qualifications
which the constitution of the State of Kentucky
requires him to possess to be entitled to vote, may-
all be inquired into and adjudged by the judges
of the elections as quasi judicial questions. Our
courts of appeals have decided that.
I have made these remaiks for the purpose of
explaining the motives that prompted me tomo\e
this amendment, and what I expect the amend-
ment will effect if it should bo adopted. If it does
not pass, all the rebels and seceders who have
gone from the State of Kentucky into the southern
army, all who have acted so as to place themselves
in the category of cnminals under'tlns law, who
choose to return—and many of them have re-
turned, and many more will return—will come
back to their counties, and will vote in our ensu-
ing election.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Kentucky if the Legislature of Kentucky did not
guard against that?
M>. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought I saw jn the
newspapers that they had provided that no one
couid vote unless he was a loyal citizen.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, it has not done it.
While this privilege would be offered to the dis-
loyal citizens of the State, the loyal citizens who
have gone into the Army would lose, from their
position in the public service, their right to vote,
and the loyal portions of the State would lose the
support and the votes of the loyal electors who
have gone into the Union Army. I think it ought
to be adopted; I submit it to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Of couise I could not know
what were the pi ivatc reasons of the Senatorfrom
Kentucky for offering this amendment,and I am
very much obliged to him for stating them, for it
seems to me they present additional and very
grave considerations why we should not adopt
th^amendment. I do not think the Congress of
the United States, in any way, either directly or
indirectly, should attempt to interfere with the
rights of a citizen of Kentucky in voting under
the constitution and laws of Kentucky. 1 do not
think that we should in this way endeavor to for-
feitall the privileges that acitizcn there may have,
by attempting to deprive him of the rights of citi-
zenship. I think it might lead to consequences
which even the Senator himself would regret. I
hope it will not prevail.
Mr. POWELL. I do not propose to discuss
the amendment. I regard it as unconstitutional,
clearly so, and consequently shall vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Tlowc, Pomeroy,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—8.
TVAYri—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, CatliJe, Clark,Col-
famei, Cowan, Di\on, Doofittie, Fe^sonden, Foot, Foster,
Guinea, Ilailan, Ilairis, Henderson, Howaal, Latham,
Pemce, Powell, Salisbury, Sherman, Staik. Sumner, Ten
E\ck, Wiiley, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Mis-
soiui, and Wught—28.
So the amendment was lejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendmentasaproviso
to the last section of the original bill:
Provided, That all the propci ty forfeited by and under tins
bill shall fim he hound loi all The debts and legal liabilities
of the pcr-on or pei>on< to whom jt belonged, sub-swung at
the tune ot the fuiteituie.
Mr. CLARK. I only desire to say that I think
an amendment of that kind is very unusual in a
bill of this sort. Where the foifeiture is m the
nature of punishment, it is never provided that the
property shall be liable for the debts of the party.
It is not in accordance with the usual proceedings
in criminal cases. I hope theamendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to modify the amend-
ment by sayms: " for debts and legal liabilities to
loyal persons."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
modified.
Mi. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will adopt some such principle as this, I
shall fee! disposed to vote for u: that the proceeds
of the sales of all property sold under the bill shall
be applied m the first instance to the payment of
bona fide debts due to loyal persons. I think that
is a just piovision, and it ought to be inserted in
this bill Ixfore it is passed. I would not make
those debts a lien on the property, but I think
there should be some guauled provision made for
the payment of the honest debts of persons whose
property is sold, because the United States cannot
seize and take possession and convert the proceeds
of this property honestly until the debts that are
fa.iily a lien on the property of the person aie
paid.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Ohio will al-
low me to suggest, a case of this kind: suppose a
man should be tued for tieaxon or inciting it-bul-
lion, and fined, say $50,001), which might be half
his property, and his estate to that amount should
be sold to pay the fine, would you pay his debts
out of that line ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think 1 would pay all
antecedent debts, due prior to the breaking out
of this war, out of the propeity. That would be
just and equitable. The (Government would not
be doing justice to creditors to appropriate the <
pi or,et«ds of mat property without applying it to ;
the debts. A man is only worth what he owns j
after paying his just debts. This is no time, per- j
haps, f o frame a prov l-^ion of this kind, which ought j
to be well puaided and well worded; but I simply j
desire to say that 1 am prepaied to vote for a piop- i
osition which will recjuue tin; paymentof the jubt j
debts due to loyal citizens out of the proceeds of j
the property. s
Mr. CLARK. 1 think it would involve us in q
agieatmany difficulties. We might have a great M
many suits in the nature of chancery suits which
would embarrass us very much.
Mr, DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment. . - /
The yeas and nays were ordered. • -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the yeas amlna^s
arc taken, I desire simply to say that the thing is
perfectly impracticable. It would involve the
Government m collateral suits to test the loyalty
ofindividuals,andto test the honesty of the trans*
action, and if there is anything to come out of the
measure as it stands, this proposition would ut-
terly defeat it. Nobody ever heard of the .Gov-
ernment, on the recovery of a fine, being paid sec-
ond to anybody else that had a claim. The thing
never could be carried out; it would defeat the
whole bill.
Mr. DAVIS. These men whose property will
be forfeited owe a great many debts. There are
very few of them but what do owe debts, and
a great many of them owe debts beyond their
ability to pay. Many of their debts are due to
loyal citizens. Well, what is the effect of this
measure? It is to take the property of rebels for
the benefit of the Government, and in that way to
despoil the property which the laws, as they ex-
ist at present, make responsible for the payment
of the debts of those rebels. Is that just? What
kind of protection and justice is that to the loyal
citizens of the United States, to be dispensed by
the Government?
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire of him whether they punish anybody by
fine in Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Have you any provision that
his debts shall be paid out of the fine or the prop-
erty taken, first?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I presume it is unheard of
everywhere.
Mr. DAVIS. I know of a great many men in
the South that owe large debts to loyal citizens in
Kentucky; they have property that would pay
the debts, or a portion of them, and many of them
have property enough to pay large portions of
their debts. By the laws of the States, where the
creditors and ihe debtors live, the property of the
debtor is subjected to the payment of the debts
due to his creditors. Is if. protection, is it parental,
is it just on the part of the Government of the
United States to take from a debtor, who is largely
indebted, the whole of hm property, and leave
nothing of that property to be appropuatcd to the
payment of his debts which he justly and hon-
estly owes, and which the laws of the States at
this time make subject to the paymentof those
debts? I think not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I wish
simply to i em.irk that wherever there is a debt due
by one of these disloyal persons to another per-
son in the State of Kentucky or elsewhere, which
is a debt of recoid, it is a hen on the real estate
of the debtor, which no act of this Congress can
divest; and upon the sale, under the proceedings
provided for bv this bill, of the estate of a disloyal
person, the officer selling would have to be very
careful, and apply the proceeds to that debt of
record before any of the proceeds could be put
into the Treasury of the United States. That I
take to be sound law. Suppose a court in one of
the States imposes a fine upon a criminal, and you
proceed to collect that fine out of the real estate of
the criminal, and there is a debt covered by a
judgment existing against the convicted felon,
would not the sheriff,"in selling his land, be bound
to apply the money arising to the liens existing
against that real estate? Certainly. It is not in
the power of the Congress of the United States,
by any legislation on their part, to divest au ex-
isting State lien.
But, sir, there is another class of cases which
render the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky eminently proper. Where men have con-
tracted debts, honestly due before their disloyalty
occurred, and which are not of the class of debts
of record, it is nothing but fair and just that the
honest creditor should be paid before any part of
the piocu-dh of the pioperty of his debtor goes
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. IIOWE. The purpose which I judge the
Senatorfrom Kentucky has in view by thisamend-
ment is one that I should sympathize with; and
the amendment which he offeis,ur one like that,
