3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
how, by passing this bill, we are going to preju-
dice our position in relation to these acceptances.
Mr  HUTCIIINS. Would it not be well to
insert inlhis bill a proviso that nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to recognize the validity
of those acceptances ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I have no objection to that.
MESSAGE FH051 THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
i ts Secretary, an nou need that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill of the House (No. 187) to authorize an addi-
tional issue of United States notes, and for other
purposes.
indian bonds—again.
Mr. EDWARDS. Other gentlemen may bo
more astute than I am, but 1 am unable to see that
we in any way prejudice the Government in re-
sisting, if they choose to resist, the claim for these
frauduicntacccpwnces by the passage of this bill.
If we are under treaty obligations to pay this
money to the Indians, or to hold it for them and
pay them interest on it, we shall be bound to do
it even if we have to pay these acceptances. Un-
less, therefore, gentlemen can show that we shall
be in a bctlercondiuon to defend ourselves against
that claim if we fail to act in this matter, the ar-
gument is entitled to no weight.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. There is
this consideration, that when a mail resists one
honest debt, lie is in a better condition to resist a
second.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not know about the
otlii'i' claim being honest or dishonest.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would ask the gentleman
if the claim of these Indians is not distinct from
and essentially different from the claim of the
holders of the acceptances ?
Air. EDWARDS. Entirely so.
Mr. MAYNARD. The claim of the Indians
depend*! entirely on treaty stipulations, as 1 un-
derstand it.
Mr. ED WAR DS. Yes, sir; I stated what the
treaty witli the Delawares was. I ask the Clerk
now to read the article in the treaty with the
iowas; and it is the same as that with the other
tribes with unpronounceable names.
The Clerk read the fifth mticle of the treaty
with the Iownaof May 17, 1854, which provides
that as the receipts from the sales of the lands
etuinot be determined, the whole subject shall be
referred to the President of the United' States, who
shall, from time to tirno, prescribe how much of
the receipts thereof shall be paid to the lowas, and
tlio time and mode of such payments; and also
how much shall be invested in safe and profitable
slocks, the principal of which shall remain unim-
paired, and the interest to be applied to the civ-
ilization, education, and religions culture of the
lowas, and so eh ot he ^objects of a beneficial char-
acter as may ho proper and essential to their well-
being and prosperity; provided that, if necessary,
Congress may, from time to time, by law make
such regulations in regard to the funds arising
from the sale of the lands and the application
thereof to the benefit of the lowas as may in the
wistlom^of that body seem just and expedient.
Mr. EDWARDS. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. WlChXlFFE. "Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire allow me a moment? 1 am in-
clined to vote for tins bill if 1 understand it aright.
I want to sc> if [ understand it.
Mr.EDWARDS. I will withdraw tile previous
question to answer any questions the gentleman
may decile tn ask.
Mr. W1C KLIFFE. I understand that these
Indian bonds, ns they are culled, were taken by
\ ii tuc of u ti eaty, and the United States was made
trustee fcr the Indians, tn hold the bonds and pay
over the interest, and that one of the agents of the
United Slates connived at the steal ingot'tiie bonds.
As trustee 1 have no doubt that ihe'Unitod States
is bound to indemnify the Indians. As to these
acceptances, I have no doubt about them; they
weie not negotiable paper, and were not assigna-
ble, and the assignees have no claim against the
Government.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I differ
with the gentleman there. 1 think they have a
perlecily j;ood claim. It is a question of law.
Air. EDWARDS. We arc not now trying the
question of the acceptances. I will,say further
that these Indians are all loyal to the Government.
There is one tribe that owned a portion of these
lost bonds thatis now disloyal, and wehavemafle
no provision for them in this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do not say disloyal, but
unfriendly.
Mr. EDWARDS. Well, unfriendly. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING moved to lay the bill
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
■a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly rpad the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed' to.
Mr. TRAIN obtained the floor.
colorado desert.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield mo the floor for a moment
that I may ask the unanimous consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 417) granting to the
State of California the tract of land known as the
Colorado desert, for the purpose of introducing a
sufficient supply of fresh water thereon.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I object to that.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask a suspension of the
iules.
opening of sixth street west.
Mr. TRAIN. I cannot yield for that purpose.
I am instructed by theCommittecon PublicBiuld-
ings and Grounds to ask that Senate bill No. 226,
authorizing the opening of Sixth street west, be
taken from the Speaker's table and put upon its
passage.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to that.
Mr. TRAIN. I move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is a bill to
remove the penitentiary. "*
Mr. TRAIN. It has nothing to do with the
penitentiary.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, i think Sixth street
goes through the penitentiary grounds.
Mr. TRAIN. No, sir, it does not go within a
mile of them.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. TRAIN. I call for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that Sixth street
west, from the canal to Maine avenue, may be
opened, and a bridge constructed across the canal
on said street, under the direction of the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington, in accordance with
the plan approved in May, 1822, by James Mon-
roe, then President of the United Slates.
Mr. TRAIN. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
suspended, only eight members voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. OLIN. I am about to make a motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up and considering House bill No. 211.
It is a bill 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. OLIN. Is it not permissible to state what
bill I propose to take up before the motion is put?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The committee
will have to lay aside all the bills on the Calendar
that precede tne one that the gentleman desires to
take up. It is not in order to move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to take up a particular bill, unless it is a special
order.
Mr. OLIN. Well, I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kel-
logg, of Illinois, m the chair.)
Sanderson's breecii-loading cannon.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
oil the Calendar was the joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon, on which the'.gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morris] was entitled to tho floor.
Mr. OL1JN. Will the gentleman permit nve to
make a motion to lay aside that bill and take up
another one ?
Mr. MORRIS. I do not Iikp to yield lest I may
lose my right to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman can get the floor
on the next bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that if the gentleman yields he will lose his right
to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS. I do not like to be discourteous,
and,therefore I yield.
Mr. OLIN. Then I move to lay aside joint
resolution No. 30, authorizing the Secretary of
War to test Sanderson's breech-loading cannon,
to be reported to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution is subject to
amendment, and I therefore object.
Mr. OLIN. I want to get up the bill in relation
to Congress—a reform measure; but if this great
reformer from Indiana wants to embarrass that
measure, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; I am opposed to this
mode of doing business.
Mr. OLIN. My object was to get up the bill
to reduce the expenses of Congress; and I wish
it noted by the reporters that it is the reformer
from Indiana who interposes an obstacle.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I wish it noted that that
statement is not true, but is, on the contrary,
false.
Mr. OLIN. What do you mean by that?
Mr. HOLMAN. I mean just what I say,
The CHAIRMAN. This is all out of order.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Chairman, at no time dur-
ing this session have 1 contemplated addressing
tho House at length upon any of the great ques-
tions which have come before it for consideration
and discussion; and I would not now, save only
that I feel myself constrained to do so because of
the speeches of gentlemen, delivered on this floor,
attacking the motives and conduct of some gentle-
men on this side of the Chamber for matters not
connected with legislation, or at least not occur-
ring in this Hall. The people, sir, as well as this
Congress, are aware of the magnitude of the ques-
tions upon which we have been called to act, and
whether that action shall be for weal or woe to the
country time alone can determine. So far as my
own record is concerned, I have made it up under
a full sense of my responsibilities to the Consti-
tution, to my constituents, and to the country.
When I came here one year ago, I came with the
open and avowed determination of supporting this
Administration in the use of all constitutional and
legitimate means for the suppression of this rebel-
lion, and not one jot or tittle of that determination
have I abated. During the gubernatorial contest
of 1861, in Ohio, I ignored mere partisan politics.
True, sir, I supported the straight Democratic
ticket, and my own county gave Hugh J.Jewett,
the Democratic candidate, 1,355 majority over Da-
vid Tod, the Republican or fusion candidate, in a
total vote of 2,911. I made many speeches and
wrote many letters urging our gallant men to rally
to the support of the Government; and so well sat-
isfied were the people with my action that reso-
lutions indorsing my course at the extra session
were passed by a Republican or '' unconditional
Union convention, "as it was called, in one of the
counties of my district. Notwithstanding I have
voted for all supplies of men and money, I now
find myself arraigned by gentlemen on this floor
as disloyal and a foe to tne Government. This
will, indeed, be news to the people of the seven-
teenth congressional district of Ohio.
That I may not misrepresent gentlemen I intend
reading, in the course of my remarks, some ex-
tractsfrom theremarkable speech of my colleague
from tne eighteenth district, [Mr. Edgerton]—
remarkable in nothing save in its abuse of men of
purer patriotism than himself; and I regret ex-
ceedingly that he is notnow in his seat. He says;
" It will be apparent, Mr. Chairman, from what we lmve
seen for the ia^t few weeks, and more especially from what
we witnessed on tins fioor yesterday, that wiiite the Gov-
ernment of the United States is engaged with a powerful en-
emy in the field, ft has also here an organized too to contend
with. While this Government is exerting all its powers to
crush out this rebellion, attacks arc to be made upon it at
home to weaken its power and paralyze its arm in crushing
out the treason that stalks abroad in the land. That effort
has taken foim and organization. I find it in the form of an
address issued by certain men m this House."
