1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
to b$ done. I say that the best talent of this body
should be exercised to devise some plan, some
perfect plan, if possible, by which the States can
be permitted to assess and collect this tax. My
wish has been to make this bill perfect and peace-
able in its operation. I desired to have this tax
collected in the most effective and at the same time
the .most satisfactory manner to all of the parties
concerned.
Now, Mr, Chairman, one of the reasons as-
signed in favor of permitting the States to act by
their own officers was, that these officials are at
home; that they know the parties and the pursuits
and the resources and business of those among
whom they are at work; that they understand the
nature of the work itself. Men conversant with
the assessment and collection of taxes under State
laws would more readily and more accurately do
the work required by this bill. An expert as-
sessor who has acquaintance with the industrial
pursuits and the accumulated and invested prop-
erty of his district, would more readily and could
more efficiently assess persons and property, under
this bill, than a stranger could do it.
, To this argument it was replied that, under the
bill as now presented within the districts, our own
fellow-citizens would be the ones to carry it into
operation. Well, Mr. Chairman, to a certain ex-
tent that is so; but not fully. By looking at this
bill, you will find that one collector and one as-
sessor arc to be appointed in each district. Now,
it depends upon the size of the collection district
whether the point be one of importance or not.
If more than one State be made into a collection
district, it is obvious that, so far as the collector
and the deputy collectors are concerned, that may
not belong to the States within which they may
be assigned their work. If tlio congressional dis-
tricts are to be made collection districts, the col-
lectors and assessors residing there would be citi-
zens. But if two States are to bo united in one
collection district, a collector who may live in
Providence, may, if Massachusetts and Rhode
Island are embraced in one collection district, have
duties to perform carrying him all through thearea
of both those States. And then it is observable
that, under the provision in reference to deputy
collectors, unlike the provision in regard to as-
sistant assessors, the deputy collectors need not
reside within the districts for which they are ap-
pointed. By reference to the bill on the 4th page,
tt will be found that it is provided by the fifth
section—
" That each collector shall bo authorized to appoint, by
an instrument of vvi iting undei Ins hand and seal, a-? many
deputies he may think propei, to be by inni compensated
for their services, and also to revoke the powers of any
deputy, gmn  public notice thereof m that portion of the
district assigned to such deputy; and may require bonds or
other sureties and accept the same from such deputy; and
each such deputy shall have the like authority, in oveiy
respect, to collect the duties and taxes levied or assessed
within the portion of the district assigned to him which is
by this act vested m the collector himself."
But it is not provided that the deputy collector
shall be a resident there. By the seventh section
it is provided tiiat the collector and the assessor
and assistant assessors shall be resident within
the distiict; but I do not see that there is any such
provision limiting the collector in the appoint-
ment of his deputies so as to compel him to take
thorn from within the district, and he may des-
ignate his deputies wherever he may choose, their
residence and inhabitancy being not a matter of
any consequence at all; so that it may turn out
that one class of these officers will be called upon
to operate within districts where they are not at
home, and where they know nothing of the men
or of the property, of the interests, or of the busi-
ness where they are to work. The argument,
therefore, in favor of State officers stands unan-
swered.
Mr. Chairman, I have not heard any gentle-
man deny that if an arrangement could be made
by which such a system could be ingrafted upon
this bill, it would be a great public advantage. I
do not understand that the members of the com-
mittee themselves undertake to say that it would
not be an improvement; but they contend that, I
from the nature of the business contemplated to '
be done, State action or inter-State action is in- I
compatible with the proper discharge of the duties !
which are created by the act and the services re- j
quired to be rendered. Now, sir, I have faded to '
sec why not. Of course, the States which under- •
take this work must legislate in such a. way as !
to secure the effectual assessment, collection, and
payment of these taxes. That can be done. There
is no difficulty in doing it. There is no difficulty
in a simple act being prepared within the States
where these duties are to be assessed and collected,
by which all the provisions of this bilhpould be
enforced within their limits. And if there were,
it is not a question whether the thing be difficult
or not, but whether it be practicable; because we
are now undertaking to construct a bill, the pro-
visions of which, it will be difficult to carry out.
We are treading upon unknown ground. We are
embarking upon an untried sea. Whether we
shall make a profitable voyage, and safely return
to port, depends somewhat upon the manner in
which we now complete our outfit.
Mr. Chairman, we start practically with this
admission, that the thing had better be done if it
can be properly done. Now, then, I say that it
can be done. It is competent for Congress to
authorize the States to do it, and it is competent
for the States to assume this work, and it is pos-
sible for the States so to legislate as that the work
can be properly accomplished.
But it is asked who is to hold the States respons-
ible? Suppose a State shall coilect the duty; sup-
pose it shall assume to assess and to collect and
pay over? How, as between the United States
and the State, is the United States to exercise that
oversight that is proper? In the first place, the
honor of the State is pledged that fit and apt laws
shall be enacted and the guarantee of the State
offered that all the work to be done under this bill
shall be properly, promptly, and efficuntly done
by her own officers within her own borders. That
is something; ay, sir, I undertake to say it is a
better guarantee than the United States would have
under the bill as it now stands that the work will
be performed, and that it will be thoroughly and
efficiently done. What is the oversight provided
now? The President of the United States may
divide the land into collection districts, putting
together two or more States, if he shall see fit so
to do, or dividing a State if he shall see fit so to
do, taking one half of one State and annexing it
to half of another State, and collectors arc ap-
pointed for those districts. Who is to oversee
them? Assessors are appointed. Who is to see
that they do their work properly? They give
bonds to the United States, and penalties and for-
feitures are provided in cose of certain non-per-
formance of their duty, under this bill, but who
is to oversee thcm? Who can tell whether the
collector who goes into the district of my friend
from Vermont does his duty, or that the assessor
and the assistant assessors do their work? No-
body is thcie to superintend them.
On the other hand, it must be remembered that
if a State undertakes to transact this business, and
pledges itsoif to the General Government that it
shall be properly, faithfully, and thoroughly done,
the officers employed within the State will be over-
seen by the authorities of the State; the asses-
sors and assistant assessors there employed will
be at work under the eye of those who know them,
and to whom they are directly responsible; so
that it seems to me that, so far as that difficulty is
concerned, by proper State legislation and a proper
amendment to this bill, the advantage would be
altogether on the side of the security of State ac-
tion. If the work be done honestly, fairly, and
faithfully, I cannot see why a larger amount of
revenue would not be derived under the action of
the States than under the action of Federal ap-
pointees. It is said that if it is left to the States,
they would not collect fifty or seventy-five per
cent, of these raxes. Why not? It is easy to say
that; but why not? If the State officcis arc honest,
the whole amount will be collcctcd; if the Federal
officers are dishonest, it will not be collected.
Then it is said, Mr. Chairman, that this would
not be a saving of expense. How can that appear?
Why not a saving of expense? I am now assum-
ing that the State has agreed to act, that the Legis-
lature of the State has, by fit and suitable legisla-
tion, framed a law under which its officers are
acting, that its several assessors and collectors
have been propeily deputized to operate. Now,
the question is one of expense. As it seems to
mc, it may be done for half the amount that it will
be found to cost the United States under the pi o-
visions of this bill. I do not know whether any
gentleman has undertaken to estimate the number
of officers who will be employed under tins act.
| It depends, of course, on the size of the districts.
) If one State constitutes one collection district, there
1 will be but one collector in it. If the congres-
sional districts are to be made collection districts,
then there would be within each congressional
district one collector with his deputies, and an
assessor and assistant assessors. Who can tell
the number of officers? Now, supposing that the
State officers, men familiar with their duties, men
who aie now charged with the assessment and
collection of taxes, arc to be employed: will any
one undertake to say that the work cannot bedone
under State law, under State action, under State
supervision, at a vastly less cost than would be ex-
pended and chargeable to the United States if these
different Federal officers, with nothing else to do,
appointed for the purpose and devoting their whole
time, theoretically, to the work, were charged
with it?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will my friend
allow me to make a suggestion as to the number
of officers ?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand that
the number of officers provided in this bill is the
same precisely as that provided for in the original
tax bill reported at the extra session; and at that
time a gentleman, skilled in such subjects, went
into a calculation which he gave to me, and which
showed, according to my recollection, thatabout
thirty-six hundred officeholders would be created
in the State of New York; and that, in the whole
Union, there would be some twenty-six thousand
officeholders employed in the collection of these
teixes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In reply to the
gentleman from New York, I desire to say that
the bill contemplates the appointment of one as-
sessor and one collector for each district, and that
these officers may appoint whatever assistants
may be necessary. 1 therefore do not see how it
is possible for any gentleman, however ingenious,
to calculate exactly the number of officers to be
employed under this bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I know that it is
not possible for anybody to calculate the number
exactly; but, as I said before, a gentleman skilled
in the matter of laying and collecting taxes, made
that as a probable calculation. That calculation,
too, was based on a bill which provided for taxes,
the major part of them direct taxes, and which
did not impose a labor anything like so gieat as
this bill does. Therefore, the deputies necessary
to collect them could not have been in that case
as many as in this. Of course, the calculation
could not have been certainly accurate.
Mr. STEVENS. This is very vague authority.
I should like to know the data, the given num-
bers, on which this arithmetician figured out these
many thousand officeholders. I can understand
how, with one or two given numbers, he could
find the others, but there must be some given num-
bers. There is to be one collector and assessor
in each collection district, and they are to employ
such assistants as they lequire.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I should like to
say to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that in that calculation the minus was
so great and the plus so little, that although it was
i stated over and over again in debate in July last,
no member of the Committee of Ways and Means
suggested then that it was exaggerated or facile.
Mr. STEVENS. I think one of them whis-
pered de minimis non curat lex.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Gentlemen have
whispered so much that I cannot say what was
whispered during the July session. But I know
very well that this calculation was received then
as a probable hypothesis
Mr. ELIOT. I think it very obvious that,
whether or not we admit the correctness of the
calculation presented by the gentleman from New
Yoik, there will be a large body of men employed.
The question is now one of expense—whether it
would or would not involve less expense to have
such of the States as chose to assume the respons-
ibility, collect the taxes under their own State
oigamzations. So far as the General Government
is concerned, its interest would of course be pro-
tected by the amendment, because, whatever the
amendment may be m detail, there would be some
provision in it that so much deduction should be
made from the amount to be paid over, which
would be in full for all the labor and icsponsibility
