216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
in reference to the manure and the dung-carts and
the purchase of tools, I think is whittling the great
subject of economy—which, I admit, we ought all
to have constantly in view—to a very small point.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING-. I shall make a mo-
tion to reduce the expenses of the Coast Survey
at the proper time.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. The Department
asked that we should appropriate $5,000 for this
purpose. The Committee of Ways and Means
thought it probable they might get along with
$3,000. I think that if gentlemen will read all the
provisions of this paragraph they will admit that
for this object $3,000 is a very moderate amount.
It will be found that it is not merely for the pur-
chase of trees and tree-boxes, but that it is also
for the repairs of the pavements in front of the
public grounds—a matter which the Government
of the tJnited States has to do entirely at its own
expense.
f he question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to strikeout
" three thousand, "in line one hundred and twenty-
eight, and insert " one thousand."
The Clerk read the clause proposed to be
amended, as follows:
For annual repairs or the President's house and furni-
ture, improvement of grounds, purchase of plants for gar-
den, and contingent expenses incident thereto, §3,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. On reflection I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. COX. On reflection I renew the amend-
ment, or rather I move to make the amount $2,000.
I remember very well when this item was only
§1,000, and I also remember very well upon what
occasion it was increased to $3,000 for the pur-
chase of plants and so forth. It was after a speech
from the eloquent gentleman from South Carolina,
(Mr. Keitt,) then a member of this body, who,
as a matter of gallantry, carried the House with
him under the auspices of the ladies in the galler-
ies at the time. I think in these times, when every
dollar saved will help to feed and clothe our sol-
diers, we mightas well begin the work of economy
from the first and carry it on to the end of the
session.
Mr. HOLMAN. If $1,000 was considered a
fair appropriation for this purpose in times of
national prosperity, it seems to me we ought, at
this time, to go back to that point of economy.
I therefore move to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, so as to reduce the sum to
$1,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdrew my mo-
tion to reduce this amount, including, as it does,
the purchase of plants for the garden of the Pres-
ident's house, because it is my purpose, at the
proper time, to move to strike out the entire ap-
propriation for the botanic garden; and I sup-
pose_ the two objects of expenditure have some
relation to each other. If I am in error in this, I
shall very cheerfully vote for the motion of the
honorable member from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire merely to say that
last year the sum of $6,000 was appropriated for
this purpose, and the committee have reduced it
this year to $3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presumed the appropria-
tion this year was the same as last year. If the
appropriation last year was $6,000 
Mr. STEVENS. It was, sir, $6,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdiaw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause of the bill:
For lighting the Capitol and President's house, the pub-
lic grounds around them, and around the executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High streets in
Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the Mail, .$50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what was the appropriation for this purpose in
the last appropriation bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. It was precisely the same
last year as this.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that we can
afford to reduce this expense somewhat. This is
quite a large item. I move to reduce the sum to
$30,000, and if it be deemed necessary to diminish
the extent of lighting now undertaken, I presume,
if the amendment shall be adopted, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means can indi-
cate where the reduction ought to be made.
Mr. STE*VENS. This gas is supplied by con-
tract with the gas company, and if the appro-
priation is not made, of course the light will not
be supplied. It seems to me that there is not too
much light up about there just now [laughter,]
and it would be a great pity to reduce it. Inas-
much, however, as it is a question of contract
with the company, if we mean to pay them at the
same rate this year as we did last, we shall be
obliged to continue the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. If we strike out the words
" Four-and-a-Half, Seventh and Twelfth streets,
across the Mall," will not $30,000 fully compen-
sate the company for the gas to be furnished for
other purposes ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have always supposed that
gas could be furnished in this city much cheaper
than it now is, and I would be in favor of char-
tering another company to come into competition
with the present one, but we are obliged to pay
the same price that individuals here pay—so
much per thousand feet. I do not know how we
can regulate it m any other way than by erecting
gas works ourselves, ov we might charter another
company, and I will join the gentleman in doing
that at any time, for the present company charges
too much.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can see no reason whatever
why the Government should be put to the expense
of lighting these streets across the Mall, and I
shall, therefore, insist on my motion to reduce the
appropriation to $30,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no doubt
whatever that the gas company would rejoice to
have us repudiate any contract which may have
been made with them to furnish us with gas at the
old price, for we all know that at this time coal is
up to about twice the usual cost in this city. 1 do
not understand that the company are to receive one
dollar more than they received last year, and if
that is the case, certainly they will not find it a
very money-making job to furnish the gas, at the
present price of coal. I do not think that it will
be economy to disturb our relations with the gas
company for this season.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not wish to consume the
time of the House, but I would inquire of the
Chair whether, in connection with the motion I
have made to reduce the amount, it would be in
order to move to strike out the words " Four-and-
a-Half, Seventh and Twelfth streets, across the
Mali?5'
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment,
so as to strike out the words " Bridge and High
streets in Georgetown." I do not see why we
should light up Georgetown.
Mr. HOLMAN. I accept the amendment to
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
clause, "for repairs of Pennsylvania avenue,
$10,000." I would inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means why it is that the
Government of the United States is providing for
repairs of Pennsylvania avenue? Do we take
charge of that matter, or does it properly belong
to the corporation of Washington ?
Mr. STEVENS. So far as the avenues arc
concerned, Congress has to make and repair them.
That is the road law of the District.
. Mr. MALLORY. Then I modify my motion,
j and move to strike out "$10,000," and insert
" $5,000."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, I hope that motion
will not prevail. It is well known to the House
that during the present year Pennsylvania avenue
is more used by the Government than in any pre-
ceding year, and without this appropriation the
avenue will become almost impassable. I will
vote for every reasonable proposition to reduce
expenditures, but it is absolutely necessary dur-
ing the present year, when so much Government
transportation is taking place over the avenue and
through the streets of the city, that this appro-
priation should not bo stricken out.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COX. I move to insertafter the word "av«
| enue," in the one hundred and forty-third line,
the words "and watering the same;" so as to
make it read:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and watering the
same, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, I move to amend in
the one hundred and forty-sixth line, by reducing
the amount to $1,000; so as to make it read:
For public reservation No. 2, and La Fayette square,
$1,000.
I wish to ask the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia where reservation No. 2 is?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know distinctly,
but I believe it is at the back of the President's
house.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to the fact that the
next appropriation is for the public grounds in
front of the President's house.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that La Fayette square
and the reservation arc adjoining or in the imme-
diate neighborhood of each other.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend in the one
hundred and forty-ninth line by reducing the ap-
propriation to $1,000; so as to make it read:
For taking care of the grounds south of the President's
house, continuing the improvement of the same, and keep-
ing them in order, $1,000.
It will be understood, as a matter of course,
that this item refers, not to the garden, but to the
greensward lying south of the President's house.
It seems almost impossible that $3,000 should be
requisite for that purpose.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "continuing the
improvement of the same."
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr.DUELL. I offer the following amendment,
to come in after line one hundred and fifty:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pur-
chase two fir.-t-class steam fire engines for the fire depart-
ment of Washington city, and the necessary appendages
to the same, including hoises and harness, $15,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I rake the question of order
that there is no law for this proposed appropria-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supports the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend in the one
hundred and fifty-third line by striking out the
word "all," inserting the word " old " before the
word "Capitol, "and reducing the amount to $ 150;
so as to make it read:
For repairs of furnaces under the old Capitol, $150.
I have been assured by a reliable person that
the expenses of thefurnaces under this House are
paid out of the contingent fund of the Jrlouse,
and that the same is true in reference to the fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber.
The amendment was adopted.
The following clause being read:
For repairing Delaware avenue, north of C street north,
$1,000;
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do not rise to move
in this instance to strike out the item, or to reduce
it, but simply to inquire whether it is the appro-
priate business of Congress to do this work.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as the avenues are
concerned, Congress lias always done it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the following clause:
For repairing tiie stone wall of Tiber creek in the botanic
garden, §i,00u.
This creek is what was formerly called Goose
creek, passing through the botanic garden on the
west side of the Capitol. The stone wall there
has been in the same condition for the last three
years according to my recollection, and the Gov-
ernment has go t along tolerably well without mak-
ing an appropriation for it. "It seems to me that
this is not the proper time for appropriations for
mere fanciful purposes.
Mr. WEBSTER. I trust the amendment %vill
not prevail. Any one who has noticed the con-
dition of the wall of Tiber creek sees that it is in
a very dilapidated condition. The creek is one of
the principal sewers of the city, and drains off an
immense quantity of filth. Unless the removal of
the filth is expedited in the passage down, it be-
