THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3159
Here the charge is distinctly made that the gen-
tlemen signing* that address are foes to the Gov-
ernment; or, in other words, that they are dis-
loyal. Sir, I could not find words sufficiently
strong, were I to try, to express my feelings for
those who make these charges of disloyalty.
" 'Tis impudently, basely done;
They had been in a mean man lies, and foul ones."
Bat many persons, as well in this House as out
of it, confound the Administration and the Gov-
ernment. They speak of them as synonymous
or convertible terms. Such a position is notten-
able. President Lincoln and his Cabinet are not
the Government of the United States. We may
oppose the policy of the Administration, and yet
not oppose the Grovernment. I may be a true and
loyal citizen of the United States and faithful to
the Constitution, and at the same time oppose cer-
tain measures of the Administration as unwise and
impolitic. In so far as this Administration has
sought to suppress the rebellion, restore the Union,
and uphold the Constitution, I accord it every
meed of praise. About the policy and means used
for that purpose, men may well differ, without sub-
jecting themseives to the charge of disloyalty by
every corner-grocery politician in the land.
Sir, I have never held a sentiment in the least
degree recognizing the doctrine of secession, or the
right claimed by politicians, in certain sections, to
withdraw from the Union, whenever their rights,
in their own judgment, are infringed. I have al-
ways opposed, and expect ever to oppose the dis-
ruption of a Government—-properly and constitu-
tionally administered—the purest and best ever
deviseu by the wisdom of man. Bat, sir, it has
been left for gentlemen of the dominant party in
this Congress to make the grand discovery that
that man is disloyal who happens to differ with the
Administration as to the proper policy to be pur-
sued in administering the Government in this hour
of its greatest peril. Have we, indeed, arrived at
that per|pd in our national history when it is trea-
son to utter a sentiment in opposition to the policy
of the party in power? Never before, save per-
haps during the administration of the elder Adams,
were men held responsible for their opinions and
language. No overt act is charged upon the au-
thors of that address, no furnishing information
to the rebels, no giving aid and comfort; but sim-
ply because they happen to differ with the majority
of this House as to the proper policy to be pursued
to restore the Union, and because they adhere to
the proper and original objects of the war, they
are denounced as disloyal. Sir, I trust in God that
the day has not gone by when an American citi-
zen dare express his opinions of the measures of
the Administration,either in or out of this Capitol.
If so, for what are all these armies and navies, this
marshaling of men in hostile array, this arming
and equipping of six hundred thousand of our citi-
zen soldiery? I had supposed "it was for the per-
petuation of that Constitution which guaranties a
free Government, free speech, and a free press in
this land of liberty. I trust the sequel will not
prove that I was mistaken. And, Mr. Chairman,
once for all, permit me here to say that no gentle-
man shall denounce me either as disloyal to the
Government or as a sympathizer with secession-
ists and rebels.
This Democratic address seems to give some of
my colleagues great trouble—considerably more
than it gives thoseVhohave signed it. Even some
fentlemep from the great State of Pennsylvania
ave seen fit to make it the text of a speech in de-
fense of the Administration. But " the unkindest
cut of all " is that the gentleman from the Wayne
district in Virginia, [Mr. Whaley,] should have
added the weight of his influence in censuring us
formaintainingtheorganizationof the Democratic
party, which he does in a speech published in the
Globe a few days since.
My colleague, from whose speech I have before
quoted, says:
"If I ain correctly informed, I may state, too, that the
meeting at which tins address was adopted was not of the
most harmonious character. If reports have not been in-
correctly "sent forth, there was discord and contention
there."
Now, sir, I confess this is news to me. " If I
am correctly informed, I may state, too," that I
never knew that a meeting was called or held for
the purpose of adopting or considering that ad-
dress. No such meeting was ever held to my
knowledge. The gentleman, however, may be
better informed on the subject than I am. If no
such meeting was held, there could not have been
much "discord and contention there." Again, he
says:
" My colleague from the Dayton district, [Mr. Vallan-
di0Hak J is the author of this address and the father of this
movement, the leader in this assault upon the Govern-
ment."
Here, again, I have to confess to the superior
knowledge of my colleague. That address came to
me under the auspices of the life-long and bosom
friend of Stephen A. Douglas, the gallant and
patriotic gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son.] I believe that where he dare tread I need
not fear to follow. But of its author I must con-
fess my ignorance. So that the gentlemen who
are finding so much fault with it, and with those
who signed it, have been giving themselves more
trouble than it has given me. It will not trouble
the fifteen hundred thousand Democrats of the
North. It suits them, and that is all they want
to know about it.
I read again from my colleague's speech:
*" I find not the name of that loyal Democrat from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] affixed to it. I fail to discover the name of
my loyal Democratic colleague from the district adjoining
my own [Mr. Nugen] attached to it."
If my " loyal" friend from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] is satisfied with the compliment, I certainly
have no right to complain, nor do I. Butmycol-
league [Mr. Edgerton] surely had not read the
speech of my other colleague [Mr. Nugen] when
he complimented him for not having signed that
address. For his benefit, therefore, 1 propose to
read a paragraph or two:
" rWie late local elections throughout the country, and
particularly in the great West, in which the Democracy and
other conservative men of the country have achieved the
most complete and in many instances unexpected victories,
are but the mutterings of astorm of indignation which will
sweep over the entire country, hurling from place those who
persist in using this Government for their personal interest
and political preferment, while the public Treasury is bleed-
ing to the amount of millions per day, (and which is to be
replenished by an exorbitant and oppressive system of tax-
ation,) and while thousands of our brave countrymen are
laying down their lives upon the baifle-lield, leaving homes
desolate and friends disconsolate, to restore the Govern-
ment as it was prior to the election of the present Chief
Magistrate.
"Sir, I indulge in noidle prediction when 1 say that the
people neither East or West will much longer be made the
dupes of politicians and speculators, for the pitiful consid-
eration of a little worn-out i twaddle about the negro5 and
'negro slavery,' and for the still less beneficial considera-
tion of having their fertile and beautiful country overrun
by an ignorantand vicious population of worthless negroes,
to annoy and disturb society, driving from employment
white persons who rely on daily labor for their support."
4 now read another extract from the remarkable
speech of the gentleman from the Summit district:
V It will not do for them to urge the loyalty of the Dem-
ocratic party when there are none, in this House or out of
it, so ignorant as not to know that it was that party which
gave rise to this rebellion, and which all along has strength-
ened the hands of traitors. Yes, sir, I do doubt these men.
I doubt them when they come before this House and avow
their fidelity to the Constitution. I doubt any man who
prates so much about the Constitution."
Sir, I can speak knowingly of my own county,
and I believe I speak what 1 do know when 1 say
that of the many hundreds of gallant soldiers who
volunteered in that county, fully three fourths of
them are Democratic voters or the sons of Dem-
ocratic fathers. And yet a gentleman from the
Western Reserve would denounce them as disloyal
should they see proper still to support the Dem-
ocratic party and its organization—as they un-
doubtedly will do, in preference to the abolition
measures of the Republican party. My colleague
" doubts any man who prates so much about the
Constitution." Who made him " a judge in Is-
rael?" or gave him authority to say " stand back !
I"am holier than thou?" The sentiment he utters
is worthy of his colleague in the other end of the
Capitol, [Mr. Wade,] who also " doubts the man
who prates so much about the Constitution,"and
stigmatizes him as a sympathizer with rebels. 1
am happy to know that the verdict of the people
does not depend upon the judgment or opinion of
these gentlemen. My colleague asks:
Who, sir, are the leaders of the armed rebellion against
the Government, which has threatened itsovcrthiovv? They
were Democrats—they were members of the Democratic
party. Who was Jefferson Davis? Who was Barnwell
Rhett? Who was John C. Breckinridge? Who, m fine,
were the whole crejjv of conspirators against this Republic?
They were leading members of the Democratic party, winch
it is now proposed to resurrect."
This, in western parlancc, may be denominated
the knock-down argument. Sir, is it fair, is it le-
gitimate for gentlemen to name leading rebels in
the South, and call them Democrats* and hold the
Democracy of the North responsible for their
acts? Does he not know that the Democracy of
the North and these southern rebels parted com-
pany first at Charleston, and again atTBaltimore ?.
I have no sympathy with secession, or with the
leaders of this rebellion. For twenty years have
the Democracy of the North stood up for what
they believed to be the constitutional rights of the
South; for twenty years have they been denounced
by that gentleman's party as dough-faces and
slavery propagandists for so doing; and now these
same southern men, on the first plausible occa-
sion, abandon those in the North who had been
standing by them, and that, too, at a time when
both Houses of Congress and the Supreme Court
would have been against the Administration of
President Lincoln, had he sought to trespass upon
their constitutional guarantees. They abandoned
us to the tender merciesoftheabolition party,many
of whom, with them, desire the dissolution of the
Union. Therefore, I claim the Democratic party,
of all others, have least cause of sympathy with
secessionists and rebels.
But why not name others of the Breckinridge^
party who labored to bring this trouble upon us
by the destruction^ of the Democratic party—for
ithad its beginning at Charleston? Why notname
Benjamin F. Butler and Daniel S. Dickinson
and John A.Dix and Edwin M. Stanton? These
men are now high in the confidence-of the Admin-
istration-, and I think it will not be denied that
some of them contributed all in their power to -
break up the Charleston and Baltimore conven-
tions. It would seem that there is a natural affinity
between the Republican and Breckinridge parttes,
or rather the leaders. 1 think it will not be denied
that but for the disruption of the convention at
Charleston, Mr. Lincoln would not have been
elected President of the United States; and the
northern Breckinridge men, who aided so mate-
rially in accomplishing that work, have had their
reward in places ofhonorand profitunder this Ad-
ministration. All attempts of gentlemen to stig-
matize the signers of that address, or those from
whom it originated, as of the Breckinridge party,
fall harmless.
Sir, in the campaign of 1860,1 was honored by
being handbilled by this Republican party for
being too much of an abolitionist to suit them.^ I
hold here in my hand a copy of that handbill,
headed, in flaming: capitals, u Footprints of an
Abolition Negro-Worshiper!" And first among
the sins imputed to me is," He votes for Salmon
P. Chase!" I refer to this for the purpose of
making this extract:
" A Card.—We the undersigned, citizens of Woodsfield,
hereby certify that we were present at the Douglas ratifi-
cation meeting in said town on the evening of the 26th day
of June, 1860; that we heard the speech of James R. Mor-
ris; that it breathed the utmost defiance and contempt for
his fellow Democrats who lefused to support Mr. Douglas ;
that Mr. Morris characterized them as a set of mad fanat-
ics, fire-eaters, and disuniomste; said they and the Repub-
licans had one' common end—a dissolution of the Union ;
and wound up his speech by saying: ' If the devil don't
get such men, there is no use in keeping up a devil.'"
This card is signed by six very respectable
Republicans, and, had they used the terms dis-
unionists of the South and abolitionists of the
North,would have pretty nearly represented what
I did say on that subject. But the distinction be-
tween abolitionism and Republicanism is fast
dying out; they are now nearly synonymous
terms, 1 do not claim to be a prophet, but I very
nearly guessed the objects of these two parties as
certified to in this card. It has been but a few
weeks since Wendell Phillips stood up in one of
the public buildings in this city, surrounded by
a majority of the Republican members of this
Congress, and was applauded to the echo for the
sentiments he then uttered. In that speech he
used this language:
I have labored nineteen years to take nineteen States
out of the Union, and if J have spent any nineteen years
to the satisfaction of my Puritan conscience, it was those
nineteen years. The child of six generations of Puritans,
i was taught at a mother's knee to love purity before peace.
And when Daniel Webster taught me that the Union meant
making white men hypocrites and black men sjaves; that it
meant lynch law in theCarolinasand mob law in Massachu-
setts ; that it meant lies m the pulpit and gags in the Senate;
when I was told thatthecementincofthe Union was return-
ing slaves to their masters ; in the name of the God that I
loved and had been taught to honor, I cursed the Constitu-
tion and the Union, and endeavored to break it, and thank
God it is broken."
