2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
to treat him with unkindness. I think: he has the
sympathy of all of us. I do not know whence
that Senator gets the impression that we mean to
adopt any of the barbarities or enormities prac-
ticed by the other side.
Mr. HENDERSON. If I made any charge
whatever against Senators that they desired to
adopt barbarities in the prosecution of this war,
I really did not intend it, and 1 certainly think I
did not do so. What I said of course was said
hurriedly and rapidly, and without much consid-
eration; but if 1 said anything from which the
inference may be drawn that 1 intended to charge
any Senator here with being favorable to using
barbarities against the rebels, even, I wish to with-
draw it.
Mr. CLARK. I did not understand the Sena-
tor to make the charge. 1 desire to know whence
he got the impression that we wished to do it. He
did not charge us with wishing to do it; but he
seems to have got the impression that we are go-
ing to do it, or wish to do H, because he depre-
cates it. He says, do not do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will state to the Sena-
tor what I was speaking about when 1 made use
of the remarks to which he is now referring. I
slated that I had received letters again and again
from homo complaining of my'course here. 1
have voted solitary and alone upon proposition
after proposition before this body, when every
border State man has voted against me. I said
that my people were complaining most bitterly
because of this proposition being before us in re-
gard to arming the negroes of this country. They
regard that as barbarous and cruel, and I said I
regretted the Senate did not strike it out. But,
sir, I did not charge that anybody here wished to
commit any barbarity, and did not intend to be
so understood.
Mr. CLARK. It was to that to which I sup-
posed the Senator referred, and I wanted to call
his attention to it, not by charging him with any
unkindness, or saying he had charged its; but he
referred to the Senator from Michigan, and ap-
proved of what lie said the other day m regard to
the employment of Indians, and 1 supposed he
had in his mind some impression that we weie
guilty of some hke offense in employing negroes
or persons of African descent.
Mr. HENDERSON, i do object tn employ-
nig negroes. I object to it npon principle as well
as upon policy. Wc already have our hands full,
and I do not want to have others deluded and led
into this rebellion by the adoption of any such
measure. Those who are in this rebellion are
deluded. It is too late to ar^ue that because a
man objects to this, and forfeits his life on the
battle-fiuldagainstus,thathei3adeluded man. Sir,
we have had nearly three or four hundred thou-
sand of such deluded persons, who havo given us
very much trouble for the last twelve months.
Mr. CLARK. I was not saying whether these
men wercdeluded or not; 1 was not saying whether
they were prejudiced or not; but I was endeavor-
ing to call the Senator's attention to this point,
for I want to present to him and the Senate this
consideration: the committee did not adopt that
provision hastily and without consideiation, nor
unadvisedly. They adopted itdeliberately. They
considered it carefully. They amended the prop-
osition first proposed, and endeavored to put it in
such a shape as would be satisfactory to the coun-
try, if they could do it; and i beg the Senator to
consider the position in which we are. The sum-
mer is coming; our troops are in a hot climate;
they are in a warm latitude. It is reported that
already one or two cases of yellow fever have ap-
peared in New Oilcans. Our men are to die there
like sheep and dogs, and that is what the rebels
are aiming at. Are your prejudices to stand in
our way when we see our sons and brothers rot-
ting there, to prevent us employing Africans who
can stand that climate in order to preserve the
lives of our kindred; and are we then to be ac-
cused of barbarity? Our humanity is such that
we want the white man out of that climate where
he cannot stay without certain death, and put in
a man who can stay and who will be5loyal; and
X hope it is no offense to humanity, nor to Chris-
tianity either, to do it.
We do not desire to arm the negro universally.
We desire to take as many of them as may be
necessary in the judgment of the President—and
he is a humane man—and put them into these for-
tifications and into these cities, and hold them
from the rebels. If we did not do that, what
would be the case? Down in New Orleans, when
our men were cut down with disease, and lying
in the hospitals, and could not raise a gun nor
lift a sword, these rebels would sweep in upon
them; the whole force would be swept away, and
we should have all this work to do over again.
Let us take the men who can bear the climate.
Having accomplished our purpose in securing
these places, Ictus hold them. Letus show these
people when they threaten that they will draw us
into that climate and our men shall die, that we
have a way to meet it; we can employ those who
can stand the climate, and preserve our own broth-
ers and our own sons.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish merely to suggest
to tho'Senator in all kindness, and I do it know-
ing, I believe, what I am saying, that if we have to
trust, to put down this rebellion, to the negroes
of the cotton States, we never shall put it down—
never on the face of the earth.
Mr. CLARK. Nobody suggested that, and
nobody proposed it. We propose to put it down,
and we propose to hold it down by the black man if
we cannot in any other way, while the yellow fever
and disease and plague sweep our men away. Wc
do not propose to let the rebel have as his ally the
yellow fever and the plague; we propose to sub-
due even that, and to hold these places. We pro-
pose to put it down by the loyal men and the free
citizens of the Government; but if these rebels
will resort to thatcourse which makes it necessary
for us to do it, wc have no choice in saving the
lives of our sons and brothers but to do it, and so
help us God we will try.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas IQ, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Carlilo, Cowan, Davn, Henderson,
Latham, Powell, SauMmry, Sherman, Stark, Willey, Wil-
ton ot Missouri, and Wright—It}.
NAYrt—Messrs. Anthony, IJmwuing, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer* Dixon, Dtmhlilo, Fownden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hailan, IJanis, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of
Pomerov, Humner, Ten Fvek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, ami Wilson of Massachusetts—^5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. ["Oh, no!"] Itis nearfivc o'clock.
The motion was not agieed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have one more amendment to
offer, to come in at the close of the hill:
Providerf, That no slave shall be emancipated under this
act until such slave shall ho taken into the possesion of
some agent of the United States, ami be uihausitti to he
colonized without the United States of America.
Mv, CLARK. I do not propose to say a word
about the amendment; but as I cannot make a
suggestion on a motion to adjourn, I desire now
to make an appeal to the Senate to stand by the
bill for a little while longer, and perhaps we can
dispose of it. I do not propose to debate or de-
feat action in any way. I hope we may go
through with it.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Davis, Powell, Sauls bury, Stark, Wilson
ot Missouu. and Wright—6.
NAV3—Messif.. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamor, Cowan, Dixon. I)oolitt|e, Fes-.etiden, Foot, Fo?,-
tei.Gumes, Hatlan, llairis, Hendetson, Howard, Ilowe,
King, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Pomeioy, Sherman, Stun-
ner, Ton Evck, TniuiUuil, Wade, WilkiiifOn, Willey, Wil-
mot, and Wilson of Ma-^aehusetts-—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out the
ninth section of the bill, and on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeasand nays were ordered.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 9. ~ind be it further evaded, That at any time after
the parage ot tins act, whenever the Fiesident of the Uni-
ted States s-hall doom it necessary tor the suppiesMon of this
rebellion, lie shall issue his pioelamation commanding all
persons immediately to lay down their arms and to return to
their allegiance to "the United States; pioclauning that If
any person within any State or distuct declaied by him in
a state of insurrection, shall be found in arms against the
Government ot the United States thirty days after the date
of *uch proclamation, or giving aid and c'tfmfoitto the pres-
ent rebellion, the slaves of all such persons, within such
State or disuiet, shall he made free, and thereupon the
slaves of all such poisons, at tbo expiration of said Unity
days, shall be free and forever discharged from any and all
claim to their labor or service, any law or custom of any
State notwithstanding.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will simply remark that
to the first part of this section I have no objection.
The only intention of the section, however, as a
whole, is to attempt to confer on the President a
power which this Congress cannot confer an him,
and that is to liberate slaves in the States by proc-
lamation. If any benefit could result to the coun-
try from any such proceeding, certainly some
benefit would have been experienced heretofore,
for we have had two or three generals attempting
that game. If report be true, a celebrated general
down South has proclaimed all the slaves free in
three States, and this is to recognize such a prin-
ciple as that, and confer on the President of the
United States power to set slaves free by procla-
mation. I object to it not from any apprehension
that any slave will beset free by a President's
proclamation; there is always catching before
hanging; and, in order to set them free, it will be
necessary for the President, or some person else,
to get possession of the slaves. No practical good,
I think, can result from the adoption of this sec-
tion; no slave, as I apprehend, will be set free by
it that would not be set free otherwise. It is
against the recognition of the power in the Pres-
ident to do any such thing, and in order to get
clear of this intermeddling\vith the subject of sla-
very in every section of the bill, (which really
seems to be the real object of the bill after all,)
that I move to strike out this section. It does
seem, from the repetition of words, for the pur-
pose of setting slaves free in this bill, that it is the
sole object of the bill. It occurs two or three
times in the first section, it occurs in almost every
section, and there is no use in disguising the fact.
It is this very legislation on this subject which is
giving most difficulty now throughout the coun-
try to the success of the Federal arms, and I hon-
estly believe that just so long as legislation is at-
tempted upon this subject, so long will this war
be protracted, and we shall be, and continue to
be, after this Congress adjourns, just as far from
peace as before, and just as far from the restora-
tion of the Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote with the Sen-
ator from Delaware to strike out this ninth sec-
tion; and I hope that all the friends of a really
efficient measure will vote with me. Letus strike
it out, and put in a section that will be effective.
Let us strikeout this section, and then afterwards
we can supply its place with a section making it
the duty of the President to issue this proclama-
tion, if you propose to give the thirty days' no-
tice. I would free the slaves of all who shall con-
tinue in arms after the passage of the act. That
would be my proposition; and I cannot conceive
how it is, when these men are with arms in their
hands, as the Senator from New Hampshire said,
shooting our brothers and our sons, that we can
insist upon holding their negroes in their posses-
sion to enable them to shoot our sons and our
brothers. I think wc ought to make that section
imperative, and with that view, I shall vote to
strike it out, understanding that it will be in order
afterwards to substitute something else, or to move
a new section which will be imperative upon the
President, and not be left in the way that this is.
I do not wish to take up time; I will not argue it
at all; I merely state why i shall vote to strike
out this section, and I hope that all who are in
earnest to do something, and to have something
efficient, will vote to stnke it out, and then letus
put in a section that will accomplish something.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The motion
that has been made and what has been said upon
it impose upon me the necessity of making nowa
motion that I intended to make at some time, and
that is to strike out in the ninth section the words
'* at any time" in the first line and insert " imme-
diately, " and to strike out the word " whenever,"
in the second line, and in the third and fourth lines
to strike outshall deem it necessary for the sup-
pression of this rebellion, he;" so that the section,
if amended as 1 propose, will lead:
That immediately after the passage of this act the Pres-
ident of the United States shall i«^ne his proclamation com-
manding all persons immediately to lay down their arms,
&c.,
making it imperative. I think that since this bill
