urn
THE CONGRBSSION AL GLOBE.
July 7,
This man is now one of the bright and shining
lights'of the abolition-or Republican party, ana
1 verily believe that he has not advocated a meas-
ure for " nineteen years" but what will be carried
out by the legislation of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress.
Mr. Chairman, why did not my colleague tell
this House and the country that tho very men of
the South whom he arraigns, and for whose pres-
ent misdeeds he trios to hold the Democracy of the
North responsible, were ready to accept the Crit-
tenden compromise as a full and final adjustment
of the difficulties that then threatened to disturb
the peace of the country ?
I talce the following from the speech of Senator
Douglas,from whom certain gentlemen now fre-
quently quote, delivered in the Senate, January
3, 1861:
"In the committee of thirteen, a few days ago, every
member fiom the South, including those from the cotton
States, [Messrs. Toombs and Oavis,] expressed their readl-
^ ness to accept the propositi on of my honorable friend from
Kentucky [Mr. (Jrittcnden] as a final settlement of the
controversy, if tendered and sustained by the Uepublican
members. ' Ile.nce, the sole responsibility of our disagree-
ment, and the only difficulty in the way of an amicable
adjustment, is with the Republican party."
Does not my colleague know that that propo-
sition was nevei* accepted ? Does he not know
that nil this misery and ruin and suffering and
bloodshed and death could have been* avoided by
the adoption of those propositions? Docs he not
know that all the homes made desolate by this ter-
rible conflict, that all these cries of woe and agony
of the countless widows and orphans, would not
have been, if those compromises had been passed ?
And yet, sir, to carry out the opinion of a gentle-
man in the other end of tho Capitol, [Mr. Chand-
ler, of Michigan,] that 44 this Union, without a
little blood-letting would not be worth a rush,"
this adjustment was refused. In God's name have
they not boon gratified? Has there not been " a
little blood-lettingUnder the delusive cry that
44 there's nothing wrong," and 44 nobody hurt,"
this sore calamity has come upon us, and the bones
of thousands and tens of thousands of our fathers
and brothers and sotis are now bleaching upon a
hundred battle-fields, and all to gratify the stub-
bornness and deviliahness of the secessionists and
abolitionists. Sir, the secessionists arc most fear-
fully guilty. Guilty in placing their acceptance of
the compromise upon the contingency of the sup-
port of the Republicans. Guilty for their attack
upon Fort Sumter, and thus plunging the country
into this terrible civil war.
Hut a few weeks have elapsed sineo tho com-
mittee on tho conduct of the war gave us a de-
tailed report of the horrible barbarities and atro-
cities committed by the rebels, at which tho soul
sbmldersaml the heart sickens. One would scarcely
credit that such enormous wickedness could be
perpetrated in a civilized country. Wuch things,
in a war like this, may be looked for. Even our,
own Republican papers are publishing items from
the seat of war scarcely credible. The State Jour-
nal, the Republican organ of Ohio, publishes tho
following from a correspondent in the Mountain
department:
" We had one of our men taken prisoner after being dc-
coyed into ahou  o by the guerrilla*, ami then murdered.
Ilia brains were beaten out with rocks. His enraged, com-
panions matte adrvent upon the house and seized the man
—took him out and   hot him. They then can led out the
wife, lately confined, ami not jet able to leave lier bed,and
laid her and her baby upon the ground, and fuod the mis-
erable cabin. The next day some of our scouts found tho
poor woman in a dying condition, her baby dead; lor they
bad been exposed all night to a hard, cold rain storm. The
hCouta built a shed over lier, and sent to camp for an am-
bulance and burgeon. She asked them if lier husband would
not uooii be released, so lie could help her. Poor woman,
tthe did tiot know that lie had been shot, ami iiis body left
lying within a hundred yaids of her. What makes the af-
iaii more horrible is, that, on investigation, it turns outthat
the man was not a bushwhacker; on the contraiy, a good
Union man—nowise concerned in the muider of our sol-
dier.5'
From a letter of a soldier in the thirty-sixth
Ohio regiment, published m the Marietta Intelli-
gencer, another Republican paper, and the home
oigan of my colleague, [Mr. Cutler,] I extract
the following:
' Tho captain, ar om> place, sent me down to a house
with three men, with orders* to search the house, lire the
oiuhou^'d. and bring ulf ail the cattle that were fat enough
t<> kill. 1 ijut the woman to talking with one of the men, and
seizing a brand fiom the fire-place, set a barn full of wheat i
afire. I took oft' two horses, but left iter three lean cows. !
There was a hive full ot beautiful white honey, which the !
mcnopoued. though they were alre;ul> -anfeitod. Ifshehad '
not been a widow, it would have been my duty to shoot the i
cows, calves, and sheep, and leave them to rot upon the
ground, if I could not drive them off.
il At the place where we-etaid over night there were two
barns full of hay and grain, two haystacks, two strawricks,
ami a large shed, burning at once. A grand spectacle 1 But
it made me feel sort of sneaking to destroy property iQ, that
way. when theie none to defend it. At two or three
place®, where we burned property, the women thoughtthat
I was an officer, and came to trie and plead for their only
cow, or an ohl family horse, and when L referred them to
the captain, Upon whom they had already exhausted their
entreaties, thev begged me to use my influence to have them
left. One kind-looking woman, whose barn had been set
afire, came to me while I had stopped a moment to fix my
acwntcrments, after the rest of the company had gone af-
ter her cattle, and offered to do anything in the woild tor
mcjfl would only use my influence to have her cattle left.
But I had to hunyoff, thinking, as I did so, what T would
do to an enemy that would treat my mother and sisters in
that way. Would that the vengeance could dcscend upon
the heads of those men that left their families to the mef-cy
of an invader!"
The following is an extract from a letter re-
ceived by me from a field officer, dated iS Camp
near Mount Jackson, Virginia, June 15, 1862,"
and who is one of the most gallant men in the
Army:
"The most provoking and unendurable thing is the out-
rages committed upon the defenseless inhabitants along the
hno of march byUleuker's division. They justify and ex-
ceed anything that any of the foul-mouthed traitors iiave
ever said or thought ot our soldiers. We need no such sol-
diers. We have lost the consciousness that tho rebel stories
of ourruifianismwere lies. We are ashamed and disgusted."
From General Fremont's address to his troops,
after the battle of Cross Keys, the following is
extracted;
t4The general commanding congratulates his troops, but
at the same time regrets that ho hods it nccessaiy to call
their attention to the many disorders and excesses and
wanton outrages upon propeity which have marked the line
of march of this aimy from Franklin to Poit Republic.
There seems to be an organized band of fttragglersand plun-
derers who precede and follow the army, having outrage
and plunder for their special occupation. The command-
ing geneial teels pcrtecUy assured that no disposition will
be aitiibutcd to him to require unreasonably severe pun-
ishment. But the magnitude of this evii requiies that it be
suinmaiiiy and severely checked." *
From the letter of a brave and gallant officer, a
Republican, from my own town, of the thirty-
sixth regiment, dated at Summerville, "Virginia,
the following is extracted:
4* According to positive injunctions, I was to lay waste
and destroy the country. This was an unpleasant but ne-
cessary part of tho warfare; consequently, for a distance of
sixteen miles, there was not left a vestige'of forage or a hab-
itable building, and as wo ascended the mountain, I could
tiaee our path for miles by the cioud of black smoke that
showed itself in the distance. War is, indeed, a terrible
thing."
Mr. Chairman, I have not made these extracts
with any view to find fault with the brave soldiers
in the field. Such things will follow advancing or
retreating armies. They seem to be a part of war-
fare. Would they could be avoided. Hut, sir, I
quote them for the purpose of showing gentlemen
of the last Congress, now members of this, what
might have beenavoided byadoptingthe compro-
mises of the venerable statesman of Kentucky,
[Mr. Ciuttenden,] who sits near me. Surely
what Republicans write and Republican papers
print I may read here in my place without sub-
jecting myself to be denounced as disloyal. The
privilege of fault-finding may, however, be con-
fined to the Republican side of the House. Said
a Republican member in conversation a few days
ago, " it is one of the blessed privileges we Re-
publicans have to say what we please of the Pres-
ident and the Cabinet without our loyalty being
called in question." This may be true, and the
privilege has been enjoyed to the full by some gen-
tlemen on this floor. I shall exercise the same
privilege, nevertheless, should occasion offer, and
should I deem it my duty to do so. I have referred
to the report of the committee on the conduct of
the war, and made the extracts I have quoted only
to say, had I been a member of the last Congress
and refused the compromises then tendered, as did
the radical men of the North and South,the groans
of the dying soldier and the shrieks of the widow
and the orphan would forever haunt my waking
hours and nightly dreams. That "dying woman,"
that 44 dead baby," that 44 Union ''husband, lying
dead 44 within a hundred yards of her," and to
whom she cried for help, and that soldier murdered
by the guerrillas, would continually stalk beside
me hissing in my ears, <{ this is some of your
handiwork." *
" In sorrow for a heaven lost, in horror of an approaching
hell, *
I'd meet the ghost* of these our murdered men,
a num'rotH'train who frown like tunes."
I had supposed, sir, when this war began, that
it was to bo waged for the purposes avowed in the
Crittenden resolution passed at the extra session,
by an almost unanimous vote, and which has*
since been so frequently quoted, and which reads,
as follows:
"Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United-States, Thar the present deploiable civif war
has been forced upon the country by the uisunionistsof the
southern States, now in arms against the constitutional
Government, aud in arms around the capital; that in this,
national emergency,Congress, banishing ail feelings of mere
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole country; that this war is not waged on their part in
any spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation, or puiposcofovenhiovvingor interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired; and that as soon
as these objects are accomplished the war ought to ceaso,"
The Republican convention of Ohio, which
nominated Tod for Governor, made this resolu-
tion the only plank in its platform. But events
have proved that that resolution does not now de-
clare the objects of the war, for the same body
that passed it has since repudiated it; and the Le-
gislature of Ohio, elected on that platform, at its re-
cent session, also repudiated it. What, then, arc the
objects of this war? I will quote from the speech
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
and that of my colleague from the Coshocton dis-
trict, [Mr. Nugen,] whose names my colleague
from the Summit district44 fails to discover" at-
tached to the Democratic address. They may
give us some light on the subject, and will cer-
tainly be received as evidence by my colleague,
[Mr. Edgerton:]
" But fanaticism seeks to pervert the war to the pur-
poses of its own gratification. The icstoration of the Union
as it was under the old constitutional guarantees is no longer
the leading motive of many gentlemen on this floor. The
consolidation of the Government is not a new idea. Every
triumph of your Army develops still stronger the encroach-
ments which are intended to be made on the original foim
of the Government. The leading idea mu«t prevail, if the
nation shall peiish. Sir, the people who love tbe*old Gov-
ernment of their fathers must awake to its dangers. Let
them declare that their Aimy in the field and their Rep-
resentatives in council shall harbor hut one thought—the
overthrow of the rebellion and the restoiation of the Union
as it was—and all will be well.'"—Hon. IP". S. Holman, ot
Indiana, Jtfat/23, 1862,
" Another," and to my mind most probable motive in send-
ing to Congress the message alluded to, was to inaugurate
a policy looking to an ulttmate&cpaiatton of the Gulf States
ftoin the Confederacy, and to enlaige the area of a northern
confederacy of free States. I have ever been satisfied that,
with all the pretenses ot the leading members of the Repub-
lican party of devotion to the Union, a mnjoiity of them do
not in reality desire to see the Union exist as it was, but
de&ire that slavery should either be abolished in all the
States, or that a northern confederacy of free States shall
be established, in which they may rule supreme. The latter
result would be the most acceptable to the capitalists of the
ea&tern States, to whom wc ot the West are made tributa-
ry in all thing*. If a southern confederacy should main-
tain control, as it would, of the Mississippi river, that great
natural outlet for our commerce, this would force us for all
time to come, as it has since the rebellion, to find an outlet
to the eastern cities for our trade, and thus become tributa-
ries to their eommeicial interests upon their own terms."—
Hon. R. IL Nugen, of Ohio, May, 1862.
Here my colleague charges that the 44 probable
motive" of the emancipation message of the Pres-
ident is 44 to inaugurate a policy looking to an ulti-
mate separation of the Gulf States from the Con-
federacy," and that44 a majority of the leading
members of the Republican party do not in reality
desire to see the Union exist as it was." Well,
if my colleague from the Sumjnit district is satis-
fied with the sentiments contained in these extracts,
I certainly cannot complain. But I desire to make
some other extracts from the speeches of a num-'
ber of gentlemen in this House, to show the aims'
and tendency of this war, and the object the Re-
publican party have in view in its prosecution:
44 We believe that the initiation of emancipation, of full
and complete emancipation, will put an end to this civil -
war. After slavery is abolished, or put in process of ulti-
mate extinction, there will be nothing left for tiaitors to
fight for."—Hon. John Jl. Bingham, of Ohio, March 12,
1862. 6 - '
" The forces now moving the profound depths of our po-
litical compact will themselves, ere they uiu spent, woik
its [slavery's] demolition."—Hon. Jl. G. Riddle, of Ohio,
January 27, 3862.
This war, without compromise or cessation, WW go for-
ward till its beneficent end [the end of slavery] is accom-
plished through its own appointed means."—Hon. Jl. G.
Riddle, Jlpril I1,1862.
''There can be no Union till slavery is destroyed." *
* + " I say you cannot put down the rebellion
and restore the Union, without destroying slaveiy." Hon.
Owen Lovejoy, of Illinois, Jlpril 24, 1862.
" Slavery is at war with us, and slavery must die.''~~IIon.
William M, Davis, of Pennsylvania, March 6, 1862.
