1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was reported there are reasons why I shall vote
that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
must fiist be taken on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to perfect the section before
the question of striking; out is put.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate, perhaps, will pardon
me for saying that in the committee the original
proposition stood as the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposes now to have it, but we found that
the measure now reported was the measure upon
which we could agree, and that we could not agree
upon any other measure, and therefore it was re-
ported as it stands here. I shall vole for the prop-
osition as it stands in the bill for that reason. I
should have preferred myself, perhaps, a measure
a little stronger, but it was the measure that we
could agree upon, and I thought for the purpose of
keeping harmony upon the bill we had better adopt
it as it is, and I think so now. I think we had bet-
ter retain the measure for the sake of unanimity.
Mr. COWAN. I may state, sir, thatowingto
illness I was unable to meet with the committee
except on the first evening when it was organ-
ized, and therefore L had little or no hand in get-
ting up this bill, and am perfectly free to adopt
any course upon it which I may think right and
proper. I shall oppose the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and I believe that I
shall vote to stride out the section, and I shall do
so for a very simple reason, and that is, that it is
utterly valueless in the bill. I suppose there is
no gentleman upon this floor who is not now of
opinion that the President may, if he chooses,un-
der the pressure of a mihiary necessity, make
such proclamation as is contemplated m this sec-
tion; and 1 suppose further that there is no one
here who believes that under any circumstances
other than a pressing necessity he would order and
direct such a proclamation to-be made.
I may say further, Mr. President, that I am ex-
ceedingly sorry that at this stage of the business
we seem to be lending towards a rock upon which,
in my opinion, we shall inevitably and fatally
split, and that very soon, for I think if there is
one truth well established in the world it is that
our guide in constitutional legislation is the will
of the people—1 mean of the majority. What arc
we doing here to-day? Laws are proposed, the
operation of which is to bo confined to the slave
States. A number of those States are represented
in this Chamber by loyal men, men of approved
loyalty and patriotism. What are they here for?
They are here to let us know what the will of the
people is in those States where these laws arc to
operate.
Now, Mr. President, it is not a question whether
the opinions and beliefs of that people aie m ac-
cordance with our views. Suppose them to be
erroneous opinions and erroneous beliefs, and
having for their end, aim, object, and purpose to
sustain a mischievous and dangerous system, yet,
sir, we cannot disguise the fact that they do exist
there, and for my own part, I cannot relieve my-
self from the obligation to respect them. How is
it in the North ? We of the majonty forget here
that we do not represent the whole people of the
North. We do not represent the opinions and the
beliefs of all the people of the free States upon this
subject. We foiget that there is another and a
powerful party all through the North every where
who arc utterly and totally hostile, if we are to
be allowed to take the ordinary indications of pub-
lic opinion, to this system of legislation, this sys-
tem of congressional emancipation and liberation,
no matter under what shape or form you disguise
it. Well, how are we to maintain ourselves with
one half of the people of the free States against
it; and I think the gentlemen who represent the
border States will say to us that their people are
unanimously opposed to it. Under these circum-
stances, it does not matter to me a particle what
my opinions may be, what my belief may be. We
are hero to legislate for the people. We are here,
in the lirst place, to stand upon the Constitution,
because the Constitution is paramount, and no
matter what the will of the people might be, if the
will of the whole people were m favor of any par-
ticular project which is unconstitutional, it is our
duty to throw out that project and discard it; but
where the legislation is constitutional and within
the purview of that instrument, then our next
guide is the will of the people, Now, I ask Sen-
ators who come from the free States, do you be-
lieve, do you suppose that you can get along here
and suppress this rebellion by disregarding what
these gentlemen from the border States tell us?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
so far.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says we have so far; and where are we now;
how far have we got? We have gotten so far that
oftentimes the heart of the patriot despairs. And
do we strengthen ourselves by violating the opin-
ions and the beliefs and feelings of these men?
Are we making them friends? I think it is ex-
ceedingly unkind to the representatives from those
States here. What right have we to drive away
from the Senators from Virginia the friends who
have stood about them in these dark hours? What
i right have we to do the same with the Senators
from Missouri, or the Senators from any border
State? Is that proper treatment? I would defer
to those gentlemen as to all things relating to their
own States, and as to all laws which are to oper-
ate on their own people. Upon what presumption
do we decide that they are not interested in put-
ting down this rebellion—ay, even more than we
are? I should like to know from the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts how he comes to
know better than they do how to put down this
rebellion. Has he been there, has he consulted
the loyal people of the border States, the men who
live near the seat of war, the men who know about
these things? I do not know whether it is pre-
sumptuous in him to dictate; i certainly should
feel that it would be on my part if I were to un-
dertake it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know why the Senator should use the word £< dic-
tate." 1 have not undertaken to dictate to any-
body, I have simply expressed my opinion. 1 have
not reproached others, as the Senator is accus-
tomed to do in every speech that he makes. I
take it that some of us have studied this question
quite as long as the Senator from Pennsylvania,
or gentlemen of the border States; that we have
looked into it quite as minutely, and that we have
a right to our opinions. I sec no reason why 1
should give up my opinions to those of any gen-
tleman from the border States. I do not know
anything in the history of this contest, from the
time itopencd in the attack on Fort Sumter up to
this time, in the advice we have received from
gentlemen of the border States, whether we have
followed it or not, that entitles their opinions to
any more weight than the advice received from
any other portion of the country. I think the
history of this war shows that if we have failed
anywhere, it has been because too much deference
has been paid by the Government, and by Con-
gress, to those opinions. As we look back over
the history of the past, we see it. It marks every
furlong of this contest. Our own feebleness of
purpose, our own deference to fears and anxieties,
lias prolonged the contest, and has cost us hun-
dreds of millions of dollars, and thousands of
lives. That is my judgment. I rcproach no man
for thinking otherwise.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that I said that
the Senator fiom Massachusetts had dictated to
anybody. I asked him why he would do so,and
I stated that I thought it would be presumptuous
on my part to dictate, to anybody, and particularly
to dictate to those who have much better oppor-
tunities than 1 have of knowing how the actual
j facts of the case stand; and i certainly should
| think it most extraordinary if a man were tounder-
i take to have a better opinion about western Penn-
! sylvania than i myself have, living there. But let
! that pass. I differ from the honorable Senator
| from Massachusetts in the aggregate result of his
| judgment upon the progress of tins war. I think
i that we have not failed m this war because we
j have taken counsel of the men of the border States,
| and I think if we do fail in it at ail, it will be
i because we do not take their counsel; because we
| presume to know better how to carry it on than
| they do, and what would tend better to strengthen
I us in those States. I think it is ceitainly one of
; the plainest propositions that can be stated any-
where, that what we want to make in the border
Stales is friends. Can anybody answer that it is
not friends we want to make? How do you make
friends? Do you make fiiends by dictating to
them, by asserting the superiority of your opin-
ions over theirs, by quasi insulting them, by put-
ting them constantly in antagonism with you? ff
friendship be mad* in that way, it is the first time
I think in the history of the human family that
anybody ever tried the exppriment. I think thai if
yon desire to make friends in a community which,
is in an angry and excited hostile mate, with du<-
bious opinions on certain subjects, your business
is to remove their doubts, and allay them, andtt)
show that they are unfounded, and to conciliate
and restore,if you can, the good feeling and amity
which formeily existed between you and -those
people. - •
What is it that we do here? Now, here is it
section in this bill that is utterly and totally use-
less for any beneficial purpose, and yet it seems
to effect this mischievous purpose, to split us here
on the consideration of it. Does it give the Pres-
ident any power that he has not already? 1 do
not think any one can pretend that it does. I never
heard anybody seriously dispute his power to do
anything and everything which he found to be ne-
cessary in order to put down this rebellion. If that
be true, what do the friends of the clause expect
from it? It must be a mere idle declaration of
opinion upon our pait, not wearing at all the as-
pect of a law.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to inquire of the
Senator, if this section only gives an authority
already vested in the President, why is it that it
is so obnoxious to our friends from the border
States. If u is only cumulative, and merely con-
fers in special words an authority the President
already has, why should they be so scrupulous
about it ?
Mr. COWAN. For one of the very best rea-
sons in the world: it indicates on our part here a
purpose to irritate, and to do things without any
possible use whatever, merely for the purpose of
irritating and making them angry; or at any rate
it has that effect. I could give the gentleman a great
many very familiar illustrations of that. I might
do a parcel of useless things that ought not really
to annoy him, but yet if he found that I persisted
in them with a malevolent purpose, he would take
offense, and properly. So it is here. These peo-
ple are exceedingly sensitive on the subject of
slavery.
Mr. GRIMES I understand the Senator, then,
to say that it depends on the purpose with which
the thine: Js done.
Mr. COWAN. I think so.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the inference is that those
who seek to have this section adopted have an im-
proper purpose in its accomplishment, and that is
to irritate our border State people.
Mr. COWAN. I think it is to satisfy an im-
proper feeling among a portion of the people in
the North, without caring whether it docs irritate
or not. 1 do not know that they contemplate ex-
actly the effect which always results from its in-
troduction here; but that is the effect, and the man
who moves the cause is generally held responsi-
ble for the effect when he sees it and sees it as
repeatedly as we do here.
Mr. CLARK. Permit me to inquire whether
the Senator charges that purpose on the com-
mittee ?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir. I do not mean to charge
that purpose on the committee, unless 1 sec the
committee persisting in it when it turns out to be
mischievous, and then I shall charge it on them
if they persist.
I say, then, if this clause is useless, if it does
no good, but on the other hand gives offense, is
calculated to divide and distract and alienate us,it
had a great deal better be stricken out, and I think
that nobody can now deny that it will have that
effect. A proclamation was made a few days ago
by a general in our Army, whether a wise procla-
mation or a foolish one I do not know, because I
cannot judge of the necessity which he may allege
gave rise to it; but has any body doubted his power?
The Senator from Massachusetts is not only de-
sirous to have the section there, useless as it is,
but he wants to make it obligatory on the Presi-
dent 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understand the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania does not doubt the power of Gen-
eral Hunter ?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir; I have never doubted
the power. On the contrary, I have not only not
doubted the power, but I have assei ted here over
and over airam the power on the part of the Presi-
dent and his geneials to do whatever is necessary
to put down this rebellion; and I am utterly aston-
