1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
security of soeicty, and worth infinitely more than it cost
to save it.
5. Resolved, That we have learned with amazementthat
the authorities of the con fedeidte States have armed negroes
and Indians towage war upon our Government and people,
and utteily condemn it; and that we would deplore and
protest against our national Government following their ex-
ample and arming slaves to he used as soldiers to tight in
the existing war, and we cannot believe that the national
Executive entertains any such purpose.
6. Resolved, Tiiat^Iaveiy is. a Suite institution, guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States, and we cannot
agree that the national Government, to which we are and
intend to he loyal, shall undettake the emancipation of
slaves against the will of sJavoholding States. That in his
modification of Fremont's proclamation and Secretary Cam-
eion's report, the President of the United States has given
earnest and giaiifying evidence of his purpose to adminis-
ter the Govci anient under the sanction of the Constitution,
and for his faithfulness under the circumstances he is en-
titled to, and should receive, the thanks of.eveiy loyal-
heaited man in the State and nation ; and that we respect-
fully request the President of the United States to dispense
with the services of Mr. Camei on, a member of his-Cabinet.
7. Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing 1 evolutions be
forwarded by the Governor to the President of the United
States, and to our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, to be laid before that body.
RICHARD A. BUCKNER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
JOHN F. FiSIt,'
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved. December 23,1861.
B. MAGOFFIN.
By the Governor:
Nat. Gaitiier, ji.j Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that these resolutions
lie on the table, and bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I hold in my hand a resolu-
tion passed by the Legislature of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, concerning the assumption
of the Federal direct tax by that Commonwealth.
I ask that the resolution be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
1. Resolved bxithe General Jissemhly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That the State of Kentucky will, and does
hereby, assume the payment of her proportion of the diiect
tax imposed by the act ot Uongiess of 6th August, 1861.
2. Resolved, That the Governor of this Commonwealth
be directed to transmit to the Secretary of ihe Tieasury, at
the city of Washington, a copv of the«e resolutions.
RICHARD A. BUCKNER,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
JOHN F. FISK,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved, December 23, 1861.
B. MAGOFFIN.
By the Governor:
Nat. Gaitiier, jr., Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that that resolution
be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of D.
H. Coulter and four hundred and eighty-seven
others, of Perry, Washington, Randolph, and St.
Clair counties, in the State of Illinois, praying for
the abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the passage of an
act liberating all slaves in the so-called seceded
States, and giving compensation to all loyal citizens
who may suffer loss thereby; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Prince-
ton , Massachusetts, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Rhode
Island, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. *
He also presented a petition from citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, protesting against any sys-
tem of deportation for slaves, and praying that in-
stead of sending the slaves out of the country, the
slave owners shall be sent out; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of cit-
izens of Racine, Wisconsin, praying for the
passage of an act making homoeopathic surgeons
eligible to at least one eighth of the regular surgical
appointments in the Armyand Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of Bath, Maine, praying for the passage of an
act making homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at
least one eighth of the regular surgical appoint-
ments in the Army and Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of Ed-
ward H. Wiel and others, of the Jewish faith,
praying that the law may be so amended that
clergymen not of a Christian denomination may
be made eligible as chaplains in the Army; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of a law giving pensions to the widows
of the soldiers of the late war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, praying the passage of an
act to confiscate the property of persons engaged
in the present rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
IRON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred House bill No. 153, to au-
thorize the construction of twenty iron-clad steam
gunboats, have instructed me to report it back
with two amendments, and to'ask for the imme-
diate consideration of the bill. It is very brief—
one of seven lines, and there are only two amend-
ments.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. HALE. I will state the amendments, and
I beg the attention of the Senate while I do so. In
the third line the committee recommend that the
words " Secretary ofthe Navy" be stricken out,
and the word " President" be inserted. The hill
now reads that the Secretary of the Navy is au-
thorized and empowered to have these vessels con-
structed. The committee propose to substitute
the President. That is the first amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to have some
reason assigned for the amendment before voting
upon it.
Mr. HALE. I am abundantly ready and will-
ing to give the reason, though I should not have
given it if I had not been asked. The reason for
this amendment is found m the facts that are de-
tailed in a report of a select committee of the House
of Representatives, m which is set forth, with con-
siderable minuteness, the manner in which the
public funds intrusted to Mr. Welles for the pur-
chase of Government ships were used in the city
of New York. I suppose the facts are familiar to
the Senate. It appears that the Secretary of the
Navy paid to a Mr. Morgan—who is said to be
his brother-in-law—the sum of about ninety-five
thousand dollars for his agency in purchasing ves-
sels for the Government; and the report, which,
I suppose, has been laid on the table of members
here, further finds that the individual selected by
the Secretary was a man who had not the slightest
knowledge of or experience in the matter of pur-
chasing vessels; ami that the Department, cogni-
zant of this fact, put him under the direction of
a board of naval officers, who were instructed to
make all the examinations. This business had
before been transacted by the captain or commo-
dore of the Brooklyn navy-yard; but it was taken
away from him, who could have received no com-
pensation at all for it, and given to Mr. Morgan,
and he was paid for about five months' agency in
this matter, a sum of nearly one hundred thousand
dollars.
It was the opinion, and the unanimous opinion,
of the Committee on Naval Affairs ofthe Senate,
that it was their duty in some way to express
their dissatisfaction with this manner of disburs-
ing the public funds, which the select committee
of the other House say is exceedingly reprehen-
sible and demoralizing to the public service; and
they thought that the most proper and the most
delicate way in which it could be done was to
change the agent for the expenditure of this
money. The bill proposes an expenditure of
§10,000,000, but an amendment of the committee
will reduce it somewhat, as we propose to build
but twelve instead of twenty gunboats. The
committee thought it was not proper, with these
disclosures before us, to put a sum of many mil-
lions of dollars for the purchase of the materials
for the construction of these jron-clad steamers at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy> who
had so recently disbursed the sums, which lie had
employed in put-chasing vessels for the use of the
Navy in such a manner. : • -
Sir, I have no sort of concealment to make upon
this subject; and as I do not do this thing volun-
tarily, but reluctantly, I will have conceal-
ment; and I will say that the Committee on Nava!
Affairs of the Senate, in presenting this amend-
ment to this bill, did intend to convey a censure
upon the Secretary for the manner in which he
has disbursed the public funds that have been
intrusted to him.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the reasons as-
signed by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for striking out the words
"Secretary of the Navy" from the bill, are, if
true—and certainly it does not become me to ques-
tion their correctness at this time—an abundant
reason for making that amendment. Whether or
not the Secretary of the Navy be culpable in the
manner asserted, is a question which I do not now
propose to discuss. 1 waive that, and trust that
that will be met at the proper time and in the
proper manner. Assuming for the present that
the gentleman and that the committee are right in
what they assume, I submit that the words they
propose to insert in lieu of the words they pro-
pose to strike out are not the appropriate words,
and I should ask for a division of the question,
and that the vote might first be taken upon striking
out. That, I believe, however, cannot be done; a
motion to strike out and insert is held under the
rules of the Senate to be but one motion. Even
assuming, for the argument's sake, the statements
made by the gentleman to be correct, I must still
vote against the motion to strike out, because I
could not, on the report made, vote for the words
which he proposes to put in, and the reason is
palpable enough I think to every man. The Sec-
retary of the Navy is but the right hand, or one
of the hands—I will not say the right hand—of
the President of the United States. The heads
of Departments have sometimes been called rather
familiarly on this floor, but perhaps not improp-
erly, the clerks of the President. They are at all
events subject to his control, and may be removed
from office at any moment when he pleases to
remove them; and if any one of the gentlemen
administering either of the Departments of this
Governmentdoes not administer that Department
properly, the President, j^-he is discharging his
duty, is bound to remove that man from office,
and supply his placc with a better man.
Now, the Committee on Naval Affairs propose
to allow the President to do what they will not
allow a man to do who is appointed by the Pres-
ident for this special duty; and if the amendment
proposed should be made, what will be done?
The President will hand this to the Secretary of
the Navy and tell him to go on and construct these
vessels. That will be all that will be gained by this
movement, unless the President is satisfied that
his Secretary is unfaithful, incompetent, and does
not rightly perform his duties; and that he is not
satisfied of that appears abundantly evident from
the fact thathe still retains his place. The informa-
tion which the Committee on Naval Affairs alluded
to as being the ground on which they make this
amendment consists of facts not within the pecu-
liar knowledge of the committee; they are as open
to the President and as well known to him as to
the committee. The President may judge one way
about those facts, and the committee the other,
and the committee may be right and the Presi-
dent wrong. I do not undertake to settle that
question; but if the committee'are right and the
President is wrong, they are simply putting the
same power into the same hands which they say
are incompetent or unfaithful m the performance
of the duty assigned to them. In order, there-
fore, that we may have what the Committee on
Naval Affairs I have no doubt earnestly desire
—an honest disbursement of the public money—it
seems to me that the committee have failed to
recommend the proper person to disburse this
money, and instead of putting in the individual
they have put in, they should put in somebody
else. It is requisite for them to meet the diffi-
culty, provide for the calamity—for it is a calam-
ity—which they say is upon us. If they propose
such an amendment, and satisfy thC'Senate of its
necessity, I certainly hope to be one of those who
