THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
_ whether a collector is appointed for each county
or one for the whole State. It is true there may
.be some counties—like the county of New York,
for instance, or the county in which the city of
Philadelphia is located—that will be too large to
constitute a .single collection district, but I see no
valid objection to a provision that no collection
district shall comprise more than one county. If
the collection districts are made the congressional
districts, gentlemen will see that there will rarely
be more than five counties in one district. But,
sir, I do not desire to debate the proposition. I
merely call the attention of the committee to it,
and hope it will be adopted.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I hope this will be left to the
discretion of the President. I do not see why wo
should take that discretion from him.
Mr. BLAKE. I do not see why we should not
use that discretion ourselves.
Mr. STEVENS. We all have very great con-
fidence in the discretion of the President, and con-
fidence is the better part of valor. [Laughter.]
Let the gentleman address his remarks to the
President, and I have no doubt he will district
his section of country as the gentleman desires.
I hope the House will not adopt the amendment.
There is one county in Pennsylvania in which
there are but fifteen people, and I think it would
be conferring too much honor, as well as trouble,
to give them a whole collector for themselves.
[Laughter.] But seriously I think it would be
much better to leave this matter to the President.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
by adding the following at the end of the section:
Provided further, That the collector and assessor herein
provided foi shall perform all the duties required In the act
entitled uAn act to provide increased revenue from unpoi t<,
to pay inteiest on the public debt, and for other puiposcV'
approved Augu&t 5, 1861, of the collector and assessor, pro-
vided for in the ninth section of said last recited act, which
section is hereby repealed."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the gen-
tleman will find that already provided for in the
bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I am aware that this
bill repeals all the act of August last, except so
much of it as authorizes a direct tax; hut for that
the bill provides for collectors and assessors.
Mr. SPAULDJNG. These officers are to per-
form that duty under this bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I was not aware
of that.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana insist on his amendment?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. No, sir; I with-
draw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to strike
out the third section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlrulhcit further cixacled, That each of the assess-
ors s haU divide his dustuct into a convenient number of
atftiej-sirieiit district*, within each of which I in shall appoint
one resectable freeholder to be assistant assessor; and
each assessor and assistant assessor so appointed, and ac-
cepting the appointment, shall, befoie he enters on the du-
ties ot his appointment,' tnko and subscribe, befoie some
competent ma«istiato, oi some collector, to be appointed
by tins act, (who is hereby empowered to administer the
came,) the following oath oi artnnuition, to wit. " J, A H,
do fcwear, or affirm, (as the ca*e mav he,j that I will, to the
be^t nl my knowledge, skill, and judgment, dilnjcntlv and
t.uthfully execute the office and duties of nss'essoi tot,
[naming the assessment district,] without tavor or partial-
ity, and that I will do equal right and justice in eveivcase
in which I shall actasasseshor.'' And aeertifieatc of such
oath or nftiimattoii shall he deiiveicd to the colleutoi ol the
district lor winch such asscs&oi or assistant assessor shall
be appointed. And e\erv assessoi or assistant ashessor act-
ing in the said office without havms taken the said oath or
affirmation -hall forfeit and pay $100, one moiety thereof to
the use of the United States, and the oihet moiety theieof
to him who shall fir tsuetor the same; to be ie*eovercd,
with costs ot suit, m any court having competent jurisdic-
tion.
I make this motion for the purpose of bringing
to the attention of the House the same matter to
which I attempted to call their attention yester-
day; but in which I failed because of the debate
which arose on a proposition not then pending.
1 remark, then, sir, that I see no reason why the
office ot assessor under this bill cannot be wholly
dispen&ed with. Nor is there any reason at all,
as I apprehend I can cleaily show if I were not
limited to the five minutes rule. There is noth-
ing, virtually, to be assessed under the bill. The
law fixes the amount to be. paid in every instance, :
leaving no discretion at all to the assessor. It re- |
quires that the assessmentshail be made upon the ;
statement of the- party who is to pay the taxes.
If the party refuses to make the statement, then
the assessor is at liberty to make it from the best
information he can obtain, and from that state-
ment there is no appeal. It was asserted here yes-
terday that it was necessary to have an assessor,
because it was necessary to adjust these taxes.
Now, sir, so far as that goes, there can be no
reason of the kind, from the fact that the assess-
ment is made upon the statement of the parties
who are to be assessed,and is not, in any instance,
upon the judgment of the assessor except in case
the statement has been refused, and in those cases
no appeal is allowed.
I remarked yesterday that the only reason that
I could discover why assessors should be retained
in the bill was for the purpose of constituting a
check upon the collectors. But I assorted also
then that there were several articles with the du-
ties upon which the assessor had nothing to do.
That proposition was denied by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means. But, sir, if he
will examine the bill, he will ascertain that I was
correct. If he will examine section forty-six and
the folio wing sections he will find that the amounts
required to be collected upon several articles are,
by the terms of the bill, required to be paid diiectly
to the collectors, without the interposition of the
assessor at all, with which the assessor has noth-
ing whatever to do. His check is consequently
broken in regard to that, and it is broken in re-
gard to the whole bill. He is no check upon the
collector at all. If the gentleman will examine
this foity-sixth section, he will find that it re-
quires the distiller to make his statcmentdircctly
to the collector. The same is true in reference to
the manufacturers of malt liquors. The state-
ment is required to be sworn to and handed directly
to the collector, and on that statement the duties
are to be paid at the time of making it. The as-
sessor, so far as that goes, has no duties to per-
form; and so far as that goes, it breaks the check
which otherwise the assessor might be upon the
collector. It is not only so in regard to that, but
it is so in regaid to malt liquors. It is the same
if gentlemen will examine the bill, in regard to
manufacturers. It is the same in regard to more
than one half of the duties which will be collected
under this act. There is nothing for an assessor
to do, nothing for a board of equalization to ad-
just. The law fixes the amount to be charged on
every subject, and consequently it may as well
be laid by the collector as by the assessor.
Now, I submit to the committee, if we can do
away with these collectors that we will do away
with one half of the expense of collecting the rev-
enue under this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that the
gentleman from California.hasentirely overlooked
the ninth section of this bill. If he had looked
at it he would have found that in cases of fraudu-
lent valuation, or an attempt to avoid the duties,
then the assessor may come forward and make
the assessment upon the best information that
can be obtained. Itpiovides:
That if any Mich poison shall deliver or disclose to any
a^es-sor oi assistant «t>.sessoi appointed m pur&uance of this
act, and icquuiiig a list or ii-t*, ai aforesaid, any false or
fraudulent list or statement, with intent to defeat or evade
the valuation oremuneiauon heieby intended to he made,
such peison so offending, and hemp: thereof convietul be-
foie any court having competent jurisdiction, shall be fined
in a sum not exceeding $o00,at the discretion ot the couit,
and shall p;u all cost- and chaises of piosecution ; and the
valuation and enumeration required by this act, shall, m ail
such ease-*, be made, as aforesaid, upon lists, according to
the ioim pi escribed, to be made out by the assessors and as-
sistant attesting, respectively; which lists the said assessors
and assistant a^ses'ois arc hereby authorized and requited
to make according to the best information they can obtain,
and lot the purpose ol making which thev are hereby au-
thoiized to enier into and upon all and singular the premises,
respectively ; and trom the valuation and enumeration so
made there shall be no appeal.
Mr. PHELPS, of Calfornia. As this is a mat-
ter of much importance, I will ask the indulgence
of the committee tor five or ten minutes. 1 think
I can make it peitectly clear that my amendment
ought to be adopted.
Several Members objected.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I withdraw my
amendment; and move, m the fourteenth line, to
strike out the words, " assessor and.
Mr. Chairman, 1 did not overlook the provis-
ions of the ninth section of this bill. On the con-
trary, it is one of the sections I rely upon to bear
me out in the statement I have made that we may
do away with these assessors. That section pro-
vides for the punishment of a party who makes a
false statement. I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to its provision. It is as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if any such per-
son shall deliver or disclose to any assessor or assistant
assessor appointed in pursuance of this act, and requiring
a list or lists, as aforesaid, any false or fraudulent list or
; statement, with intent to defeat or evade the valuation or
! enumeration hereby intended to be made, such person so
I offending, and being thereof convicted befoie any court
1 having competent junsdietion, shall be fined in a sum not
' exceeding $500, at the disciction of the court, and shall pay
all costs and charges of prosecution ; and the valuation and
; enumeration required by this act shall, in all such cases, be
, made, as aforesaid, upon lists, according to the form pre-
| scribed, to be made out by the assessors and assistant as-
' sessors, respectively; which list* the said assessois and
; assistant assessois are hereby authorized and requited to
! make according to the best information they can obtain,
and for the purpose of making which they aie hereby au-
: thonged to enter into and upon all and singular the ptcin-
ises, respectively; and from the valuation and enumeration
so made there shall be no appeal.
1 submit to gentlemen that all this may as well
be done by the collector as by the assessor. You
rely in every instanceupon the statement furnished
by the party, and if that statement be false, you
can only punish him under the bill for making a
false return. The assessor has no power under
any section of the act to readjust the statement
made unless he thinksitto be fraudulent,and then
! the party is subjected to the pains and penalties
I for making a false statement. Then the assessor
is authorized to make up another statement on
the best information he can obtain.
I submit to the committee that in almost every
thing throughout this bill there is no discretion
to be exercised. The amount of the tax is made
positive. Therecan be no variation from it. There
is consequently no duty for an assessor to per-
! form. Ihis is the character of the assessments
: made. An apothecary shall pay ten dollars for a
!: license. I ask, then, why the necessity of an as-
|| sessor to ascertain what amount the apothecary
1 shall pay under the terms of this bill ? It is worth
i while to require an assessor to go around to the
! merchants and apothecaries to find the taxes which
they will pay under this bill when they are posi-
tive, and to list them, and then to send the list to
the collector and make him go around afterwards
collecting the amount which he has listed. May
not the collector just as well take his receipts in
1 in his pocket and give them then and there for the
| money due to the Government?
There is no earthly necessity for an assessor
under this bill, except as a check upon the col-
lector. I ask the gentleman from Vermont to ex
amine the provisions of his bill, so far as they
relate to spirituous and malt liquors, the three
per cent, to be paid on the interest of bonds &c.,
and he will find upon all of those, amounting to
one half of the revenue which will be derived under
this bill, that the statement is required to be made
directly to the collector, and on that statement the
money is then and there required to bo paid. Con-
sequently the check is then broken, and if it is
broken at all, it is destroyed altogether and is
worthless.
So far as these monthly collections are con-
cerned, I submit to the gentlemen of the Committee
| of Ways and Means that it is utterly impractica-
, blc to avail ourselves of the service of an assessor.
] It is important that wc should have monthly col-
| lections; for in many instances, such as dealers in
j spirituous liquors, numerpus firms and corpora-
tions in the United States will be required to pay,
under the terms of this bill, $100 per day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I do not desire to discuss this
amendment; but only to inquire whether the gen-
tleman wants a vote on it?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I do.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to strike out the words
" respectable freeholder to be," and to insert the
woids " who shall be resident therein;" so that
the section will read:
That each ot the assessors shall divide his district into a
convenient number of assessment districts, within each of
which he t-hiill appoint one assistant assessor, who shall be'
resident therein, &c.
The amendment was adopted.
