2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
ished that almost every time I get up I am asked
that question again.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad to hear the
Senator make that declaration, that General Hun-
ter, in his opinion, has the power.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts wants an exceedingly fine point to stand
upon, L will allow him the benefit of it. 1 hope
he understands me, and I hope, too, that he is hon-
orable and manly enough to understand what I
say in its true sense. I do not mean to say that
General Hunter had the power as against the will
of the President, his superior; but I mean to say
that the President, the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, and the generals of the Army, acting in
obedience to that superior authority, have the
power. I hope that will satisfy the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, and that it will re-
lieve me from any further explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understood the Senator to
affirm that the President had the power, and that
also any commanding general in the field had the
power. That I understood to be his proposi-
tion.
Mr. COWAN. I am sorry that I was misun-
derstood. Understand me as intending to say
that the executive department of this Government
has the power. Now, perhaps, we understand
each other. I hold that the legislative department
has certain powers, and that the executive depart-
ment of this Government has certain powers;
that it is a distinct power of the executive depart-
ment to command the Aimy,and to order it to
do whatever may be necessary and proper to put
down this rebellion,toordereverythingnecessary
in its dealings with the enemy, with the rebels,
and that we can only deal with them, according to
the theory of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, as criminals. Whenever they
come within our purview they are criminals ac-
cording to the doctrme laid down by himself as
to the distinctions between criminals and enemies,
and that will maku it still further clear. When
Congress deals with a citizen for any offense what-
ever, she deals with him us a criminal; when the
Executive, with the posse comilatuSy if you please,
undertakes to arrest men opposing the Govern-
ment in rebellion, or with the. Army, he treats
them as enemies, ami deals with them as such. I
hope, Mr. President, that the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts will not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not think I could
be tempted to say anything on this matter 
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend front Maine
allow me to move an adjournment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope we shall go on and
finish the bill.
Mr. HOWARD and others. Oh, no; that can-
not be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can finish it
if we are disposed to do so. The question is not
whether we can, but whether we will. We can
if vvc like.
Mr. HOWARD. I think my friend from
Maine will find it entirely vain to attempt to sit
the hill out to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot give way to the
motion, because I am opposed to adjournment. I
simply rose to say that it is very evident that
something must be conceded, if we design to pass
this bill, it may be utteily in vain to hope that
my friend from Pennsylvania will concede any-
thing at all. We had the same speech from him
befoie, substantially, that we have had now. It
may be vain to cxpect that other friends will con-
code anything, and they may insist on having
their own peculiar ideas, or noidea at all. Now,
sir, experience has taught me that we never can
pass a bill about which there is a difference of
opinion among friends, on any such principle.
3ost]ook a moment at the history of this measure.
A bill on this subject has been pending heie, in
some shape or other, for months, and the reason
why it was not passed was that there was on
some points a ladical and entire difference of
opinion, seemingly so strong that it was an al-
most hopeless attempt to think of reconciling
those opinions, and passing the bill. Aftet a long
time, some half dozen projects boing on the table,
it was moved that they should all be rufcned to a
special committee, and that that committee should
take, them into consideration—the oidinary^the
usual course in such cases. Whatwasthat pred-
icated upon? What was the leading idea of it?
It was that, although there was a majority in the
Chamber in favor of some bill, there was not a
majority in favor of any particular bill, owing to
these differences of opinion, and that these differ-
ences of opinion must be reconciled in somedegree
by mutual concession on the one side and on the
other—not an unusual course in legislative bodies,
but a very common one. Under those circum-
stances, a committee was selected, and that com-
mittee was made up ofgentlemen entertaining these
different opinions, but a majority, a decided ma-
jority, of the committee in favor of a stringent
measure of confiscation, in accordance with the
views of the majority of the Senate. That is the
way the committee was made up. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] was one of them,
representing his own opinions on this very point
now under consideration. The subject went to a
committee thus constituted, and that committee
reported the bill which is before the Senate. The
bill being reported under these circumstances,
what has the bodya right to expect? What has
the majority a right to expect and a right to ask ?
It is that the matter being thus considered, if there
is no principle involved, no constitutional objec-
tion, nothing of that sort, the opinions ofgentle-
men, as to the expediency of making the bill more
or less stringent on this point or that, should be
yielded to the decision of the committee; else there
is no conclusion arrived at, and wc are thrown
back precisely where we were before, into the same
state of confusion.
Now, ifmy friend from Illinois [Mr.TiujMBULL]
desires that no bill shall be passed unless his own
or the one which lie thinks is the best—and which
may be the best it is not for me to say—his course
is easily explained. Find all the faultyoucan with
the hill here, bent it down if possible,-and have
nothing; be thrown precisely where we were be-
fore, into a condition where we can do nothing 
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator refers to
me, I should like him to give his authority for
the statement that a decided majority of the com-
mittee of nine were for this section of the bill as
it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of this
section; I am speaking of n stringent bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the inference
af any rate to be that the majority of the commit-
tee had agreed to this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No such tiling. I said
the majority of the committee was for a stringent
confiscation bill. It was made up with that view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is your opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take the namesand read
them, and see if it is not so; the thing cannot be
disputed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like, then, the
authority for the statement that a majority of the
committee were for a stringent bill.
Mr, SUMNER. I have not understood it so
before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it to be so.
The Senator from Illinois himself stated in debate
that he regarded the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Clark] as a friend of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is hot a majority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Besides the chairman,
there were the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,]
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris.] There
are five, and that is a majority of the committee
all recognized heretofore as the friends of confis-
cation, and the leading friends. There are live
out of nine, and the Senator from Illinois himself
was appointed but refused to serve. If the Sen-
ator will say that any one of those gentlemen was
not reliable, was not a friend of confiscation—he
denominated them all such before—1 am wrong;
otherwise my statement stands; it cannot be dis-
puted. I say, therefore, that under these exact
circumstances, if the Senator from Illinois desires
that we shall be thrown back into the same state
of confusion that we were in before, and that no
bill shall be passed, then his course on this biil is
perfectly reconcilable and consistent.
Take my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and 1 address myself to his better sense.
He went on to the committee the friend of the par-
ticular provision winch he now moves; he had
moved it originally. The bill is reported not in
that shape. "He comes in again moving it on the
bill, knowing that it is opposed, and after the bill
has been agreed upon. Is that consistent with the
course of a member of a committee, going upon a
committee to reconcile jarring opinions, and to see
if he can get a bill that can secure a majority of
the votes of the Senate ? If he is to have his own
way and amend it, if the Senator from Illinois is
to amend it, if my friend from New Hampshire
is to amend it, and two or three other membeis of
the committee, then where are we? Had the Sen-
ator rather defeat the whole scheme, and go back
where he was before, for he voted for the com-
mittee? The Senator voted for it; he went upon
it, representing his own opinions; the report is
made by a majority, and he comes in to make the
same difficulty again. I say this in ail kindness.
He has a perfect right to do so, so far as his legis-
lative rights are concerned; but is it consistent
with the object of a committee raised as this was,
and will anything be obtained by it except defeat?
I submit it to his better judgment, In my judg-
ment, a memberof acommitteethussituated ought
not, when the report has been made by a commit-
tee thus raised and forthispurpose, to again press
his own peculiar views whenne knows that those
views are opposed. It defeats the very object of
the committee which was raised, and of wliichhe
was a member.
My friend from Pennsylvania says he attended
but one meeting of the committee, having been
sick, and therefore he feels himself at liberty to
quarrel with the bill substantially. 1 do not
admit that that is a correct proposition at all, or
that we can ever get along upon any such suppo-
sition. He may have disagreed to it, and may
show it by his vote; perhaps he will. Now, take
this proposition: I agree with him fully that the
President has now all the power that is proposed
to be given hini by this section; but why was it
inserted? It was to meet the views of gentlemen
—and there are some such here—who hold that
the President had no such power, and that it was
necessary to confer it upon him; that he could not
constitutionally do it unless we who are his supe-
riors in these matters, conferred the power upon
him. Then why should it be stricken out? 1
believe that the President has to-day, without any
legislation whatever, all the power conferred by
this section; and yet 1 am perfectly ready to vote
for it in deference to the views of gentlemen who
think that he has it not, and that he ought to be
allowed to exercise it. I yield my opinion to
thens. I do so in several other matters con-
nected with this bill on the ground of expediency
and propriety. I yield it, and why ? Because,as
I said, and said in good faith, I am in favor of a
stringent bill, and I think this is a stringent bill.
If I did not think it was, yet as it was agreed upon
by the majority, and is the only thing to be got, I
would not stand up here, because I did not like it,
and advertise the country that this bill which is to
be passed by my friends, will be good for nothing
after it is passed. I would let them find it out. I
would not take pains to advertise them in advance,
because I did not happen to carry my own no-
tions, that it would do nothing and would amount
to nothing.
I think we ought to pass upon this matter,
amend the bill in its details if necessary, but not
take this course, which must inevitably result in
throwing us back into the same state of confusion
that wc were in before, and pass nothing, if gen-
tlemen desire that course, well and good; let us
understand it.
Mr. WADE. I really am not in a mood to
stand very much lecturing in the Senate or any-
where else. lam perfectly willing that every Sen-
ator shall act on his own responsibility, and take
such course in regard to any measure as he thinks
proper to take, and vote for any bill, offer any
amendment, advocate any measure he thinks
right, and I am the last man to question his right;
but I do not like to be lectured and scolded heie
in the Senate for the course that I see fit to take.
Now, sir, what is the history of this bill? It
is not quite true that a majority of the Republican
party here were in favor of this measiue. The
measure that was before the Senate for some time,
which came from the Judiciary Committee, I be-
lieve met the approbation of a majority of the Re-
publican members of the Senate. It was, how-
ever, lefeiied, with all the other measures, to a
select committee. My judgment then was that
that reference was a total surrender of the prin-
ciple of confiscation, and I so stated I believed
