1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~fidcnce of the country than the official whom he
retains.
' I have another reason. I know that it is im-
possible for the President to take direct personal
control of all these Departments, or any part of
them. I do not suppose that he has time to be
making and executing contracts that properly
belong to the Departments. I had always thought
that the heads of Departments, the "chief clerks
of the Executive," as Mr. Randolph used to call
them, were at the disposal of the President; that
they acted under his supervision; that they were
part and parcel of the executive department of
the Government; that he controlledthem, and that
for unworthy conduct, or even without any reason
at all, he could dismiss them from the public ser-
vice. Suppose you charge the President with the
executing of these contracts in the Navy Depart-
ment; somebody else will pick up that report of
the House committee on Government contracts,
and find something concerning the Secretary of
War, and propose that all Army contracts be made
and executed by the President; how wohld it
be possible that the President could make and
execute all these contracts? You give him these
Departments for the purpose of dividing the great
labordevolving on the executive department; they
are all one in legal contemplation. It is the duty
of the President to supervise in a general manner
all the'Departments, and to see that each member
of the Cabinet faithfully, intelligently, and hon-
estly discharges the duties incumbent upon him;
and in the event any Cabinet minister fails to
administer his Department with intelligence, assi-
duity, and ability, the President should promptly
dismiss him from office. If the Executive per-
mits dishonest or incompetent ministers to retain
their places after their dishonesty or incompe-
tency shall be made manifest by sufficient evi-
dence, he will be obnoxious to just censure, and
a virtuous and injured people will visit it upon
him. Let us pass the bill in the usual form. Let
the Navy Department be charged with the con-
struction of these ships, and hold the Executive
responsible if he permits an unworthy, dishonest,
or incapable Secretary to remain at the head of
that Department.
I concur very fully with the Senator from New
Hampshire concerning the statements detailed in
that report. I do not know whether the state-
ments in the report aie true or not; but certainly
the charges set forth in it do not come under the
category of newspaper charges or common ru-
mors, but are derived fiom testimony taken under
oath; and certainly the officials who are charged
with improper conduct in regard to the purchase
of ships in New York and other matters, should
meet and disprove the charges, and do it promptly,
or they will be visited with the just censure and
condemnation of an outraged and injured people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order of the day,
and it becomes the duty of the Chair to call it up.
Mr. POWELL. I have said all that I desire
to say.
TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR DUTIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The repmt of the
Committee on the Judiciary on the contested elec-
tion of the Senator from Kansas comes up as the
unfinished business.
Mr. CLARK. Does it necessarily come up at
this hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the expiration
of the morning hour, which expires atone o'clock,
it comes up, as a matter of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the spccial order will he postponed for a
few minutes, in order that we may take up a little
resolution on the table, which came yesterday from
the other House and requires immediate attention,
with reference to the revenue. 1 presume it will
take but a few moments, while the special order
will probably elicit considerable debate.
Mr. FOSTER. That may be done by unan-
imous consent. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the 1 esolu tion rcfei! ed to will be taken up.
The joint resolution (H. It. No. 26) explanatory
of an act entitled i( An act to increase the duties on
tea, coffee, and sugar,'5 approved the 24th of De-
cember, 1861, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole
The joint resolution proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of theTreasury to perm itgoods warehoused"
on the 24th of December, 1861, to be withdrawn
on the payment of the duties imposed by the act
of August 5,1861, and to refund any excess over
those imposed by the latter act already collected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send to the Chair to be
read a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I have a word or two to say when it is read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department, January 3,1862.
Sir: Tlie act of Congress, passed on the 26t,h December,
1861, directing that from and after the date of ita passage
certain duties, in lieu of duties before imposed, shall be
levied, collected, and paid on tea, coflee, and sugar imported
fiom foieign countries, did not exempt from its operation
tea, coffee, and sugar imported and warehoused, and was
thcrcfoie regaided by me as a direction to collect the duties
pie&cribed on all such importations without exception, and
Distinctions were issued to collectois accordingly.
I be# leave, however, to direct your attention to the fact
that where goods impoited luve been placed in warehouse,
under the law and departmental icgul.itions, the amount oi"
duties has in each ease been estimated, though not levied,
by the naval officei, and bond lias been taken by the col-
lector, in double the amountof the dues thus estimated, for
their payment; and theie is a general opinion among mer-
chants that the faith of the Government is engaged tor the
delivery of such goods to the mcrchantson payment of the
duties imposed by l.uv ut the tune of the warehousing.
Whether ihU opmio'i be absolutely well founded o.r not,
theie is certainly honiething in the nature of the tiansactlon
which supports it.
It is my duty, doubiless, to execute the law as it is writ-
ten ; but I beg leave, in view of this opinion of the import-
ing meichants, icspecttully to suggest ihe propuety of the
adoption of a joint ic&oluuon, directing the Secretaiy of the
Tiea^nry to ppurnt warehoused goods to he withdrawn on
payment of the duties imposed by the act of August 2, 1861,
and to refuud any exccss. of duties above tho e thus imposed
which may havq been collected on goods already with-
drawn.
With great respect, S. P. CHASE,
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden,
Chairman Committee on h'iixancc) United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the laws existingpre-
vious to the act of August last, there was no duty
upon tea and coffee, and but a small duty on su-
gar and molasses. Theactof Augustlastimposcd
duties on tea and coffee, and raised the duties on
sugar and molasses. In that act there was a pro-
vision "that all goods, wares, and merchandise
actually on shipboard and bound to the United
States, and all goods and merchandise on deposit
in warehouses or public stores at the date of the
passage of this act, shall be subject to pay such
duties as provided by law before and at the time
of the passage of this act." The act tlut we passed
the othei day, very largely increasing the duties
on these articles, contained no provision of that
description; and the Secretary of the Treasury
held, and perhaps correctly held, that, there being
no exception as there had been in former acts, and
the duties being laid on all specified imported mer-
chandise, he was bound to levy and collect the
duties upon warehoused goods as well as others,
under the act of December 24 last. It is not for
me to say whether this was intended by Congress
or not; the matter was not discussed here; but
this construction has creatcd very considerable
commotion among those who had such merchan-
dise in warehouse. They claim that, having put
their goods there and given bond under existing
laws, it would be a violation of good faith on the
'part of Congress to impose much larger and heavier
duties on those goods. I do not know how cor-
rect this opinion may be. The Secretary of the
Treasury, on examination of the subjcct, has come
to the conclusion that there is some consideration
due to this feeling amongimporleis. It is not for me
to say that it is not so. The House of Representa-
tives, where the bill ofDcecmbcrS'loriginated, has
so decided,and lam perfectly willing, and so is the
Committee on Finance, that consideration should
be given to this view taken by importing mer-
chants.
The sum to the Treasury is not large; and m
the present condition of things, and in all condi-
tions of things in our country, I hold that wc should
excrcise the most ontiie good faith to all classes
of our citizens; and if there is reasonable ground
to suppose that good faith requn es that goods thus
warehoused should pay only the duties existing
at the time thfy were put m and bonds were given
for their payment, it is unquestionably our duty
to carry out that view; for m regard to all such
matters,as well as all obligations of Government,
whatever they may be, undoubtedly a Govern-
ment cannot sustain itself in the confidenceofthe
people unless it cxercises the most strict and en-
tire good faith—toward sail <
of its citizens. _ 11
1 wish,however, to say,sir~*and I say it with-*
out intending to oppose this resolution, because I
am in favor ofits passage—that this idea of good -
faith arises from our previous legislation,and Jrom
.our previous legislation alone. We have been in
the habh o'f excepting goods thus situated, and
perhaps it may be that importing merchants had
a right to suppose that what had been done woula
continue to be done. For myself, however, I beg
leave to give notice that, in future, 1 will not con-
sent to any exceptions of the kind, and twill not,
for the future, yield to any such argument,because
I do not consider that, under another state of
things, we should be bound to do so. This money
comes out of the Treasury, the consumers pay it,
and the real question is, whether the consumers
shall pay it to the importing merchants or to the
Treasury of the country. That is the rpal ques-
tion at issue, because, so far as the price of a pound
of tea, or pound of coffee, or pound of sugar is
concerned, it will not be lessened a particle by our
remission of the duties. That being so, J should
not yield to the idea that we should remit these
duties but for the fact that wc had legislated on
this principle previously,and thus, perhaps, given
a pledge to the country, and an understanding
which we may be bound to carry out. If it was
an original question, 1 would not yield to it at all,
for the reason that I have stated, that if merchants
choose instead of paying the duties at the time of
importation to avail themselves of the privileges
which the Government gives them, and place their
goods in warehouse, they should be placed there
subject to all the contingencies that might arise
thereafter with reference to the necessities of the
Government. That would be my notion with re-
gard to it if it was an original question. As it is,
however, sir, and in the present condition of the
country, although it will take somemoneyout of
the Treasury, or at least prevent some money
going in there,I deem it betterpolicy, greater wis-
dom—and that is the view taken by the Commit-
tee on Finance—to pass this resolution, as it has
originated in the House of Representatives, and'
has been sent here.
Mr. POWELL. The resolution proposed by
the honorable Senator from Maine, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, is one so eminently
proper that I think no Senator will object to it,
but it ought to pass without debate, I move that
it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I dissententirelyfrom the justice
of this resolution. It is simply and solely taking
money out of the public Treasury and making a
present of it to these importing merchants. The
duty upon sugar has been fixed by your legisla-
tion, and the price has risen accordingly, as the
prices current will show; and the duties are paid
by the consumers, by the people, as the Senator
from Maine has well said; and the only question
is whether the duties that are paid shall go to the
benefit of the Government that levies them or to
the importing merchants. 1 think the law is well
enough as it is; and the fact that when we have
made exceptions of this sort we have been in the
habit of putting them into the bill and excepting
goods hi transitu and goods in bond, is a notice
to everybody that when we do not putin the ex-
ception we do not mean to make the exception.
Besides, the practice m this matter has not been
uniform. The Government has repeatedly, since
I have been a member of Congress, rciused to
refund duties to importers whose goods had been
destroyed in bulk by fire. The Government has
exacted the whole of the duties, though the goods
had been consumed by fire in bulk just as they
were imported. It seems to me that this will be
simply a bonus to these gentlemen, for you take
nothing out of their pockets; their augar has risen
by the amount of the duty, and that will be paid:
and,'as the Senator from Maine has well stated,
it is only a question whether the duties shall be
paid to the Government that levies them or to the
importing merchants. I think we had better let
it stand. I am opposed to all this special legis-
lation. I agree with the Senator from Maine,
except that I am going to begin a little sooner than
he is. He says this is the last one he is going
for. Well, sir, I am not going for this, and I hope
the Senate will not
