1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3163
of a Pacific railroad, which is no w certain, will bear
no insignificant part in making this Congress what
it really is, the conservator of the highest welfare
of our people, and the depository of great trusts
faithfully kept and executed. In view of this re-
cord, and the known purposes and patriotism of
this House, the friends of the measure of which I
speak will, early in the next session, ask for itand
expect a prompt, liberal, and just consideration.
There is no desire to crowd upon this session an
unreasonable amount oflabor and legislation; be-
sides we prefer to place such a project as this upon
its own merits, disconnected with any other, how-
ever important or necessary.
The enlargement of the locks on the New York
canals, and the improvement of the Illinois river
and canal, upon which I took occasion to express
my views, are meritorious projects, as I believe;
but upon them the House has already acted. A
ship canal around the falls of Niagara, in very
many respects, is above and higher in importance,
and involves considerations of far greater magni-
tude. Invaluable to the commerce of our northern
frontier in its regular and ordinary transactions,
a great means of protection and defense in time of
war, it, at the same time, involves high consider-
ations of national prosperity and independence,
which we cannot, especially at the present junc-
ture of affairs, afford to overlook and set entirely
aside. It is a shame to our nation that this great
work has not been constructed long ago. The
English Government has expended already over
thirty million dollars in constructing communi-
cations within her borders between the rivers and
lakes along over common frontier, while we have
done comparatively nothing in this direction;
while, at the same time, our Treasury has been
unembarrassed, and at times overflowing. Hers
has been a wise policy, and as a result of it she can
command the whole line of our frontier, nnd draw
largely upon our commerce and detract from the
sum of our prosperity.
It is no argument against this work that if con-
structed it would draw from the great lines of
communication through New York, upon which
large sums have been expended and in which
large inteiests are involved, for all the lines of
communication that now exist and that hereafter
may be constructed will find their energies taxed
to their utmost to meet the constantly increasing
demands upon thorn from the great producing
W^est, now but partially developed and but little
improved. It is already proposed, and it will be
done, to enlarge the Welland canal between the
two lakes it connccts, so as to meet this great and
growing demand of our lake commerce, so thatif
our ship canal be not constructed, our lines of
commerce above referred to will not be benefited, as
they have not been, by that portion of our trade that
seeks tide water, and that can make it profitable to
use as much natural or lake transportation as pos-
sible. It is, then, a question who shall command
this vast trade, ourselves and our people, or a
foreign nation, and those whose recent insults and
outrages upon decency and good neighborhood
have gone very far, to say the least, to make us
believe they are our enemies, and desire a disrup-
tion and a failure of ourGovernment? Ifwelook
into the amount of business a canal of sufficient
capacity between the lakes would do, as the Ca-
nadian canal will do when enlarged, we can then
comprehend the importance of the construction of
onf> within our own lines, and forour own benefit.
It must be rememborod that about five sixths of
the tonnage of the Welland canal is American, and
consequently a very large proportion of the pro-
ceeds of its business is from the enterprise and
commercial transactions of our own people. The
ratio of increase is constantly in favor of our ton-
nage, and it is *afe to say that as our vast country
west opens up and sends out the amount of piod-
ucts winch the future will-develop, our enterprise
and our resources will constitute nearly the sum
total of its future proceeds. With its presentdj-
monaions and facilities it is not unfrequent'y the
case that five hundred vessels pass through it in a
single month, and the proceeds of its business, by
the"last reports, are very great.
The following statement from the last census
will give some idea. of the immense business that
is to employ our thoroughfares to tide water, and
of that portion of it winch will crowd this canal;
atall events if ours is not constructed. The eight
States which would be most benefited by a ship
canal, and are tributary more or less, to the East,
contain an aggregate of over 271,000,000 acres of
land. Of this over 56,000,000 acres are now im-
proved and over 46,000,000acres unimproved. The
balance, over 16^,000,000 acres, are not yet at all
in use. They produced in 1860, of wheat, over
101,000,000 bushels; of rye, over 9,000,000; of
corn, over 347,000,000; and of oats, over 86,000,000
bushels; making, to state it accurately, a total of
544,946,254 bushels. Since the last census, in a
period often years, the amount of products of these
States has nearly doubled; it being, in 1850, a total
of 326,246,468 bushels. Who can anticipate the
great abundance of the products of this vast re-
gion during the next generation ? When its en-
terprise shall be fully developed and given scope,
and its vast domain filled with busy and indus-
trious millions, who shall limit its resources and
set bounds to its enterprise and wealth? With
this state of facts before us, it is very easy to see
that such a work as even now exists will draw
largely upon the business which is legitimately
and ought to be kept our own, for ourown benefit,
and under our own control. When enlarged it
will draw more largely upon us, and in propor-
tion to its increased facilities and capacity. In a
commercial point of view, it is important and im-
perative that this great work should beconstiucted.
In the light of the commercial interests of our own
people, and the care and development of commer-
cial facilities and benefits to which our Govern-
ment should always give its attention and favor,
this work indeed is a commercial necessity. It
is a short-sighted policy that provides only for
the present, and leaves the great future coming
on apace with its foreshadowings already in our
view, and its wonderful realities demanding of us
to prepare for their approach. It is a wise policy,
on the other hand, to see in the present what the
future will require, and so shape our action and
legislation as that the greatest development will
be secured and the greatest good achieved.
But, sir, other considerations press the import-
ance of this work upon us. It is also, to a great
extent, a mihtaiy necessity. We must have a di-
rect water communication between our lakes, in
order to be in readiness to protect and defend our
commerce. Whatever may become eventually of
the project to enlarge the locks of the New York
canals, which woik ought to be done, their en-
largement is no argument against the military ne-
cessity of this work. In case of a war it would
of itself be a great harbor of refuge to our com-
merce; at the same time, a substantial means of
defense, by furnishing a speedy and complete
communication through which troops, stores, and
means of war could be thrown at any point, above
or below, with great celerity and effect. It has
been argued against this view of the subject that,
in case of a rupture between us and England and
Canada, our policy must be to immediately seize
hold of the borders upon the Canada side, and thus
control her canals and lines of communication for
our own benefit, and, at the same time, prevent
their use by any one else. This would undoubt-
edly be good policy and a great object gained; but
it is by no means a reason why we should not also
be prepared with resources independent and ot our
own, and notdepeml upon such contingencies and
! the uncertain fortunes of war. It would be the
i purpose of our enemy, in the event ot a war, and
  to that object every means would be turned, to
hold these lines of communication as against us,
and if would be then no excuse for a failure on our
part to prepare defenses of our own that the for-
tunes of war were against us. I admit no supe-
riority of arms, skill, or bravery over American
tl arms or Ameucan valor,butl would counsel prep-
;■ aration and defenses of our own.
i1 But,sir,I intended only to throwouta few ideas
■ upon this question at tins time, in justice to the
, friends of this measure, for the reflection ofCon-
i' gross and the country, leaving a more careful and
: minute discussion ot it until the next session, when
the select committee having it in ehaige will be
,! prepared to make a report in full upon it, and
,! present a bill calculated to accomplish the end
i' desired.
' I will add, befoie concluding, that this project
. has at ditferent times in our history claimed and^
had tin; attention of the Government, as one ot
conceded public utility and closely connected
the prosper!tv* of the country. In ISi'S, the bec-
• ivtai y of the TnaMiiy, in obedi< nc to a i csolu-
tion of the Senate, submitted an elaborate report
on public improvements, which embraced this
project, and which was represented as both prac-
ticable and of primary importance and deserving
the attention and aid of the General Government.
In 1835 the Executive ordered a survey to be made
in view of the construction of this work, which
was done under the supervision of Captain Wil-
liams, a most skillful and competent officer and
engineer. His extensive report and maps are on
file, and present most clearly and ably the entire
feasibility and thegreat importance of such a work.
Various routes were surveyed near and more re-
mote from the river, each one of which is care-
fully estimated and set forth in his report. It is
not my purpose, neither will it be the purpose
of the committee to locate this work, but leave
it where it properly belongs, to the President, to
settle it through disinterested commissioners or
otherwise, in a way to best promote the great
objects of commercial importance and military
defense, which combined make its construction a
necessity#- On a great national question like this,
no local or selfish considerations should come in
to interfere with the execution of so great a pur-
pose as is here sought, butall minor things,views,
feelings and local interests, all should be subordi-
nate to the great objects to be attained, and which
form the basis upon which this great enterprise
is projected and the ground upon which the aid
of Government will be asked. No sectional pre-
judices or jealousies that arc incident to location
should operate to influence any one from the high
and honorable position all should occupy, which
is to leave the question of route to be determined
alone by the considerations that make the work
desirable and necessary.
It will cost but a small sum to aid effectually in
securing the construction of this canal, while it
would add largely to the*facilities of commerce,
greatly benefit our own people, and keep within
ourselves our own resources. Our joyal people
would feel that their inteiests were cared for and
protected, while it would be another bond with
which to bind our people closer, if possible, to the
Government that is their piotector. Our ability
and resources being unquestioned, national pride
and independence should induce us to aid this pro-
posed work. The couise pursued by our Cana-
dian neighbors dunng the civil war m which we
are now engaged, ought to lead us not to depend
upon them for commercial facilities any longer
than it will take us to furnish them for ourselves.
Our whole policy and conduct towards them have
been to elevate and benefit them, and bring them
under the strongest obligation of friendship to-
wards us. When will Americans forget the in-
sults they tried to heap upon us, and their efforts
to bring us and our cause into contempt and weak-
ness? Never, so long as we have any regard for
our honor and good name as a people, who never
struggle but to save, vindicate, and protect the
right!
"A s expressive of the views of the en^ineerwho
made the survey above referred fo, and the reports
I upon the same, 1 conclude with a few lines ftom
I his report, made in 1835. At tins stili later day
' it has additional force. He says:
i Indeed, it cannot fail to excite astonishment when th*
reflection is once led to tho subject, that up to tins epoch of
an aire icsplendent w ith impiovemcm- in all that, ielates fo
the melioiation of commerce and the advancement of civil-
ization, this work, upon our own soil and on a scale com-
menMirate with in importance, should «ftll remain to lie
executed. It needs not the aid of demonstration to ptove
it- utility. It i* one of those objects that strike us with in-
junctive conviction, and we are intuitively unpolled to the
belief of its compiehrn«iv« iHefulne**, even if abstraction
be made ofevei y thing but the general position, that it would
connect two bodies of \\.it«r leading to the most remote
i re<rion«, and cap.ihle of bcarinq upon their deep and ctpan^-
1 ivebo«oms the navies of the world m five sea<s winch are yet
,! c.-sentially separated by rcti-rcnee to the scale of conmier-
ij cial enterprise that legitimately belong- to siieh a va«t ex-
i1 tent of coosraphiciil limit* * ~ * " If 1
1 have shown more interest m the question than is usually
looked for at the hand>of an engineer, it n that I have lelt
the ftroime-Jt convietton of the grandeur, "ven sublimity.ot
the enteipn-e. combined with IN spuria! u^etulnc-ss to the
country and the facility of iw execution.
I Mr". RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Illinois viehl to a motion that the committee rise?
' Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to submit a few
remarks to the committee, but if it be its pleasure
to use now, and let me have twenty minutes to-
morrow, I have no objection to that.
Several M.fmbfk';. No, no; go on now.
