1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that it was so. The reference was carried by those
who had resisted, and constantly resisted, every
attempt to get up a vigorous confiscation bill, join-
ing with the enemies of all confiscation. That
Was the conciliation that took place heie. 1 say
again, it was not those who were for a vigorous
confiscation bill that referred the bill reported by
the Judiciary Committee to a select committee; it
those that stood opposed to a vigorous bill
joining with the enemies of all confiscation that
carried that reference. Why, then, talk of those
who are in favor of vigorous measures going to
a select committee with their propositions? The
bill of the Judiciary Committee was opposed on
constitutional grounds. If I understood the argu-
ment against it, it was that we had no light to
confiscate property unless we convicted the owner;
that we had to do everything by judicial process;
that we could not go any further than that. Now
the select committee have brought in a bill that
certainly has in it the ghnst of confiscation enough
to iead to a surrender of all constitutional objec-
tions to confiscation, and yet not enough to give
us any kind of a bill. This measure has 111 it
precisely the principles that the bill reported by
the Judiciary Committee had, but it has got them
in homoeopathic doses that will do no good; it has
them in a shape and in a manner that is of no con-
sequence. If we cannot get anything better, I
presume I shall vote for this bill, but with a full
conviction that it is of very little consequence.
We passed a bill at the extra session last summer
on tlyrsitsaisrject of confiscation, and it was a scoff
and.%,sb!pw o*iid<!of contempt throughout all rebel-
domjifeiMl tiS"ftt>w, with no efficiency in it, of no
conseqiietiise. . "So with this bill. It adopts the
principle that was ridiculed m the bill of the Ju-
diciary Committee in reference to seizing property
by proceedings in rem. That was ndiculed when
it was proposed by the Judiciary Committee, and
yet that same principle, or rather the ghost of the
principle, is incorporated into this bill.
There are in this bill all the objectionable fea-
tures that were alleged to be in the other bill, but
in so small a measure as to render it, in my judg-
ment, totally useless; and still the argument "is
that the majority who stood here for a vigorous
bill ought to take this, and make no attempt to
amend it. I do not think it is a very forcible ar-
gument. We ought not to be lectured here be-
,cause we still stand on our original judgment, and
think we ought to have a vigorous, efficient con-
fiscation bill, if we can get it. If we cannot get
it, we shall have to put up with what we can get;
but we are lectured because we show a disposition
to try to carry out our own principles. We are
called upon to surrender at the beck of whom? A
minority who, by joining with our enemies, car-
ried the original bill to a select committee. Be-
cause we do not knock right under to this bill,
because we do not take it without question, with-
out consideration, without attempting to amend
it, we are factious, and we are told that we shall
get nothing. I do not know that we shall get
anything, but if we only get this bill we shall get
next to nothing. [Laughter.] As I said before,
all the confiscation you can get out of an adjudi-
cation in the southern States will not amount to
anything; it will be of no consequence; the idea is
a mockery.
The Senator from Maine tells us that even if
he felt conscious that it was good for nothing he
would not proclaim it in the Senate. That is not
my principle; I do not want to deceive the people
about this bill. Believing that the measure is of
no efficacy, I want the people so to understand it.
I may be wrong about it. It may be much bet-
ter than I think it is. If it is, the people will find
it out; but that being my conviction, I will state
it even if the bill is brought forward by the Re-
publican party. I do not believe it is worth any-
thing. i believe you mightjustaboutas well have
nothing at all as have it. That being my judg-
ment, and acting on that judgment, as I suppose
I have a right to do, I want to amend this bill;
and I will vote for amendments tending to invig-
orate it and give it life and efficacy. It is my
settled conviction that if the propei ty of the rebels
con be taken and put into the Treasury of the
United "States,it will go very far to defray theex-
pense of putting down this accursed rebellion. I
am in for that; I go it, and largely; and I take
the best means to come at it that my judgment
dictates, and that does not accord with your bill.
I think it is the poorest thing you could have got
up; but I agree that it is just as good as I expected
from the committee that was selected by you in
conjunction with the enemies of all confiscation.
That is the way it was got up. The vigorous
measure was referred to the committee, emascu-
lated, rendered null, weakened, destroyed, and
when they-bring in another we are lectured be-
cause we want to amend it. Whatever may be
said about it, although it maybe at the hazard of
the loss of every measure, I shall endeavor to
amend this bill and make it what in my judgment"
it ought to be. If I cannot succeed in'that, as I
said before, I may vote for this bare semblance of
a bill. There maybe more in it, perhaps, than
it appears to me there is; but we ought not to be
lectured because we do not all come right in to its
support.
The Senator talks of conciliation. Where did
he ever concede anything? Not a particle. He
has stood here without making the least attempt
under heaven to compromise. He would not go
for anybody's bill until he got one coming down
to what, in his judgment, is right. I do not com-
plain of him because he did not yield to anybody
else. Perhaps he oughtnot to have done so*, but
he ought not to lecture us because we stand about
as upright on the subject as he did. He wants
us to concede. He preaches concession and con-
ciliation and compromise without a single ap-
proach to concession on his part. He has never
conceded any thing from the time the measure was
proposed until now. If he has conceded anything
to those who wanted a vigorous measure, I do not
know what it is. A man who preaches concilia-
tion should make a preliminary step in that direc-
tion, in myjudgment. When 1 ask gentlemen to
come to me, and preach compromise and concil-
iation, I will begin with an obvious, ostensible
surrender of something that I have been contend-
ing for, and then it will be time enough for me to
lecture others, and tell them that they will notgive
up anything.
I do not blame those gentlemen who believe that
a vigorous measure of confiscation is not right.
If they believe it to be unconstitutional, they should
not go for it. If they believe it to be inexpedient,
they should resist it I, on the contrary, believe
it ought to be carried as far as we can carry it
effectually to remunerate your Treasury,if it can
be done Somo think it cannot. I am not one of
them. I believe that the property of rebels may
be taken, and may in some measure remunerate
us for the immense sacrifices we arc called upon
to make. Believing that, and believing that it is
our duty to do it, I think it isof vital importance
that those of us who so believe should stand up
to it. At all events, I think those who preach
conciliation should come part of the way. They
have not come at ail yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I sin-
cerely regret that 1 had the temerity to state to the
Senate the results of my observation and experi-
ence with regard to bills of this kind, since it has
brought down upon me the wrath of the distin-
tinguished chairman of the committee on the con-
duct of the war, who seems to have imagined,
ever since he was thus appointed, that he not only
had the war under his control, but the Senate, too.
Now, sir, in spite of it, I doubt whether he will
succced in regulating me quite as well as he regu-
lates the war. The gentleman asks where I have
conceded anything. I should like to ask him
where I have made a proposition in regard to this
thing from beginning to end.
Mr. WADE. I do not think the Senator has
made any, but he has resisted every one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What one have 1 re-
sisted ?
Mr. WADE. Every one that 1 know of, ex-
cept this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not resisted any,
for I have token no part in the debate from the
beginning to the end; not one single word have I
said on the subject of this measure since it has
been before the Senate. The Senator, as he very
frequently does, drew #pon his imagination in
order to make a broad statement.
Mr. WADE. [ ask the Senator if he did not
advocate the reference of all the bills to a select
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but what has
that to do with the details of the bill ?
Mr. WADE. This bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says I have
opposed everything. I have opposed nothing.
Mr. WADE. You have voted against every-
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator state to
the Chair what? He cannot state any, not one,
for I have taken no part, as I said, until this bill
came in here, and 1 was called upon to vote on
the yeas and nays,
Mr. WADE. I should like to know if the Sen-
ator was not opposed to the bill of the Judiciary
Committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose I was, I ask
again, did i manifest that opposition on the floor
of the Senate ?
Mr. WADE. Certainly you did, as we under-
stood it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what way? The Sen-
ator cannot tell
Mr. WADE. I can tell if the Senator will give
me his attention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. If I remember the speech he
made, it was pretty much such a speech as he has
made now: that there were a great many propo-
sitions, and a great many minds here; that the
bill of the Judiciary Committee did not suit any-
body, and he wished to refer it to a committee
which would bring jn a measure that he thought
would be satisfactory. Then he was opposed to
that measure, of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say so.
Mr. WADE. Everybody understood you so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senators from Mas-
sachusetts voted to refer that bill.
Mr. WADE. That is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And yet the Senator says
it was referred by the joint votes of those among
the Republicans who were opposed to any bill
and of gentlemen on the other side of the House,
substantially joining with their enemies.
Mr. WADE. I say so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it so with the Senators
from Massachusetts? Is it so with many Sena-
tors before me and around me? Not at all. I say,
again, that the Senator's statement is without the
slightest particle of foundation. I have opposed
nothing. I have expressed no opinion as to the
details of the measure, from the beginning to the
end. I did say that, in the divided state of opin-
ion, without stating what my own was, I thought
we had better refer it, and the Senate so decided.
And I have had the temerity to say to-day that I
thought, now that it had been referred, we had
better stand by the bill reported, and not bring
forward our individual opinions and objections.
That I say again. I supposed I stated it in re-
spectful terms; but 1 have the whole power of the
army of the Potomac down on me for it.
Now, sir, that is hardly fair. What I find fault
with, if the Senators want to know, is this: that
certain gentlemen on this floor seem to think that
they are the representatives of all righteousness;
that unless we take their opinions we are sure to
be wrong, and are threatened with an appeal to
the people; that they are the only men who want
to put down the rebellion, the only men who have
any correct idea of how it shall be done, and that
if anybody differs from them he is either a fool or
a knave. That is what I object to. I think there
is a little wisdom left in this Senate when we leave
out the Senator from Ohio.
M r. WADE. I should like to see it manifested.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is undoubtedly the
expression coming from the Senator's heart, that
he would like to see that there was any wisdom
here except what he has got. [Laughter.] He
cannot see it, I will admit, but we do. I am sorry
he is so blind. We do not look through his spec-
tacles at himself m the glass. That is the dif-
ference.
Now, sir, I do not wish to have a quarrel with
anybody about this matter, but I am not disposed
to be lectured either. I did not intend to lecture
anybody, and I am as little disposed to take one.
It is not speaking very respectfully of the Sena-
tor's associates on this floor when he denounces
this bill of the committee—a committee composed
of the Senator from Vermont, the Senator ftom
New Hampshire,theSenatorfrom Massachusetts,
the Senator from New York, and the Senator from
Ohio, his colleague—as meaning nothing, as hav-
ing no effect,as of no consequence, as having noth-
