THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. RICHARDSON* A short time ago, some-
fifteen gentlemen issued an address over their own
signatures through the public press to the people
of the United States. That address has provoked
a great deal of controversy and has been assailed
with great violence. It lias disturbed the peace
of mind of many gentlemen upon this floor, caused
them sleepless nights. They have fretted away
their hoars here in assaults upon it. Their asser-
tions in opposition to that address do not rise to
the dignity of reason, but descend to the contempt-
ible resort of those who cannot reply to an argu-
ment, and, therefore, are driven to ribaldry and
abuse.
In this case, members in opposition to the doc-
trines contained in that address have singled out
some one whose name is attached to it; find fault
with some opinion which he does or does not en-
tertain, or some pretended speech of his, swear
he is the author; that all of his speech which was
never made or these opinions that were never en-
tertained are covertly and secretly in thataddress,
and that the public should be guarded against it,
because of these supposed things.
That address is nothing more or less than a
compilation of the opinions and views of some of
the most eminent men that have adorned this coun-
try. For the arrangement of these views, I am
responsible,
In the anxiety of the shoddy" politicians to
assail thataddress, one other objection to it is that
it does not denounce the rebellion and abuse the
rebels. Each thought and sentence of that docu-
ment is for the preservation of the Constitution,
for the maintenance of law, for constitutional lib-
erty. If the Constitution is preserved and the law
maintained the rebellion will be put down, for it is
in violation of both, and destructive of each.
If the rebellion could be put down by denunci-
ation', the abolitionists and those who are engaged
in plunderingthe Treasury inand out of Congress,
would have accomplished that work long ago.
They have exhausted the vocabulary of invective,
and exhausted the subject, but by these means
have won no victories nor accomplished any ben-
eficial results. They have done no more towards
success, but as much, I grant, as the Chinese do
towards victories when in war they beat gongs to
scare and make faces to terrify their adversaries.
The plunderer of the public Treasury is the loud-
est in words to denounce rebellion and the bold-
est in professions of loyalty. It is cheap and safe
service, and in every country he is ready to per-
form it.
The walls of Jericho were overihrown by the
blowing of rams' horns, but histoiy furnishes no
other instance of warfaie carried successfully on
by such means. Certain it is, this rebellion cannot
he put down by denunciation. It cannot he bel-
lowed down. It must he put down by armies,
with the sword, by the bayonet, by battles, and by
siege. Skill in the officers, endurance, courage,
drill, discipline among the men, arc necessary to
its overthrow. All the men, all the money that
were asked for, and more, have been freely given to
the President. lie has had millions of men from
whom to select commanders. He has the power
to make and unmake generals. If the rebellion has
not' been crushed sooner the misfortune is not
chargeable to the failure of the Democratic address
to denounce the rebellion and the rebels.
But, sir, another objection is made of a very
singular character. A gentleman from Massachu-
setts objects to any restoration of the Democratic
party to power because he says it would bring back
the Buchanan men into place, and they have been
condemned by a strong ami-correct public opin-
ion. (I quote from memory, and not the words
of the gentleman, but the substance and meaning.)
I propose to look a little into this matter. Else-
where it has been said that this address was a
Buchanan movement. During the canvass of
I860, the supporters of Lincoln and Breckinridge
were very complimentary, if not cordial towards
cach other. The Lincoln man said, " I am a Re-
publican, and consequently I am opposed to both
wings of the Democracy; but the true Democratic
ground is that slavery has the right to go every-
where, if the Constitution protects it anywhere.
You Douglas men are wrong in calling your-
selves Democrats at all, for you do not pretend to
defend slavery; and to be a Democrat is to be in
favor of slavery." The Breckinridge man would
say, " there are but two parties, the Democratic
and the Republican; the Aduiinistration and those
opposed to it. If we ever quit the Democratic
party, we go into the Republican; we"oppose ail
such doctrines as those advocated by Mr. Doug-
las." And if the speaker happened to, live a-little
south of Mason and Dixon's line, he would go
into a glorification of the beauties and glories of
slavery, and denounce Douglas as a worse aboli-
tionist than Hale, or Sumner, or Giddings. Thus
things stood at the election of 1860. We were
routed at every point; Mr. Lincoln was triumph-
antly and constitutionally elected. The camp fol-
lowers of Buchanan, of course, looked out for
themselves. They were not Democrats from con-
viction. They are the " place men," waiters on
Providence. The great body of the Breckinridge
party North never intended to be betrayed into
hostility to the Democratic organization. The
leaders intended otherwise. But, sir, it is strange
to hear this objection come from any ^pipblican,
that Buchanan men should never again oe called
to office. Who is the present Secretary ofWar,
and what have been his political associations and
antecedents? Fresh from Buchanan's Cabinet, he
has been called into that of ft^jfcincoln, next to
the President, the moat important position now in
this country. With energy, and doubtless some
ability, he sots himself rapidly to work to scatter
our armies under different commanders, so that a
massed corps of rebels under Jackson of twenty-
five or thirty thousand men defeats three divisions
of our Army under as many generals, holds in
check sixty thousand men, and then aids in defeat-
ing a fourth division at Richmond.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire what four
armies have been whipped?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Fiemont,Banks,Shields,
and I fear McClellan's army had the worst of the
fight before Richmond. The Secretary introduces
the Austrian war tactics which Napoleon ex-
ploded long ago, and made their failure so plain
that every school-boy had learned it. These four
divisions of our Army were and are so scattered
that no two of them can cooperate together, and
when the great battle at Richmond took place,
three divisions which should have aided to win
it were inactive and not in a situation to aid in
any particular. The future may reveal the wis-
dom of this strategy, at present it is not percep-
tible. The rebel commander could not have
arranged more advantageously for himself, and
more disadvantagoously for us, these divisions of
the Army than was done. Another of Buchanan's
Cabinet, and one of the best, too, General Dix, has
a division of the Army intrusted to his manage-
ment. One of the most sei vile of Buchanan's fol-
lowers, and one of the most ardent of the support-
ers of Breckinridge, General Butler, has had in-
trusted to him another division of tiie A rmy. He
has gamed more notoriety by his order at New Or-
leans than he has won fame by his sword. This
general cast his vote forty-nine times at Charles-
ton to make Jefferson Davis a candidate for the
Presidency of the United States, and by his course
there did more than any one else—Caleb Cushing
always excepted—to induce the southern leaders
to take the first step in rebellion by leaving that,
convention. General Shields, but recently in com-
mand of a division in Virginia, was another of
Breckinridge'ssupportcrs. The chairman of the
Breckinridge central committee during the con-
test of 1860, has ail important command in the
army in South Carolina. During that political
contest, Judge Douglas, satisfied that he had no
chance for success, and that Mr. Lincoln would
be elected, took the stump for a single purpose;
that purpose was to produce accord and unanim-
ity among the people everywhere, that the per-
son elected according to the Constitution should
be inaugurated and administer the Government.
His canvass during 1860 had this purpose and
none other. For the utterance of these sentiments,
Mr. Chairman Stevens characterized Judge Doug-
las as a " mountebank."
Two provisional Governors have been ap-
pointed. One of them, Governor Johnson, was a
warm, decided, unbending Breckinridge supporter;
and for his election traversed the State of Tennes-
see. .The Administration does not indorse the sen-
timent that Breckinridge men may not and should
not be called to place and power. During the last
campaign, in the State of New York, Daniel S.
Dickinson was nominated and elected attorney
general by the Republican party. He was one
of the genuine Buchanan and Breckinridge men.
It is true he never held office by appointment from
Buchanan, but that was not his (Dickinson's) fault.
He was, in days gone by, a great worshiper of
those now in rebellion. He has expressed regret
that he was not born in Virginia; and if you can
call to a place so responsible as that of attorney
general of New York, suchaman, I think itdoes
notbeeome you to speak or write about Buchanan
and Breckinridge men here or elsewhere being
called to power. You would not hesitate a moment
to call Buchanan himself to any position in this
country, if thereby you could advance your own
selfish ends and purposes.
I have not alluded to these appointments to civil
and military offices, and to the- election of an at-
torney general in New York for the purpose of
finding fault. I have no complaint to make;none
whatever; and if I had, it would be unavailing
and useless. I do not complain and shall not.
I have called attention to these appointments to
relieve the address from an unjust imputation
sought to be cast upon it. Sir, it is said the ad-
dress meets with but little public favor; that it is
not popular. About that we will see hereafter.
It is what I conceived, as did each one who signed
it, to be right and proper; that it asserted correct
principles to guide our course. It is the path of
duty, and I shall endeavor to walk it, though 1
have to trudge it alone.
Popular favor generally comes to correct con-
clusions, sooner or later. On its march it often
consigns the hero of to-day to exile to-morrow.
In passion it sometimes condemns to the block or
scaffold the guilty and the innocent. Reparation
for the wrong done to innocence is made in the
page of faithful history.
One other ground of objection is urged: that
the address is guilty of the treasonable act of call-
ing attention to the necessity of economy in pub-
lic expenditures. It is true this is more by insin-
uation than by direct charges. It is intimated or
insinuated, here and elsewhere, that no man is
loyal who complains of peculation or extrava-
gance in the expenditure of public money. I had
supposed that the reports of the committee of this
House, of the Senate, of the commission ap-
pointed by the President, composed as it was of
men eminent for ability, integrity, and patriotism,
were intended to suppress peculations upon the
Treasury, and that all men were doing a public
service who aided in bringing the public mind to
condemn such practices. From the course of de-
bate here, and from the tenor of newspaper arti-
cles from the press in your interest, it seems that
doubts are entertained of the loyalty of men who
expose and denounce larcenies from or frauds
upon the public Treasury, My young and elo-
quent friend from Indiana has been suspected be-
cause he had the audacity to charge that thefts had
been committed upon the Treasury, and that our
expenditures were enormous each day. Neither
the Democratic address nor the speech of Mr.
Vooriiees charges one half of what is alleged by
the Holt commission, the Van W yck comtnittee,
by Republican members upon this floor, and in
the Senate. Both here and in the Senate it lias
been said by Republican members and Republican
Senators that we were ill more danger from those
who were plundering the Treasury than from the
rebels in arms.
Believing that it was wrong to plunder the pub-
lic money in this hour of my country's need, and
that economy was necessary, I have said so, and
still adhere to that opinion.
1 am grieved to think that all this ado on the
part of Republicans about prodigality and to pre-
vent fraud was a mere sham to deceive the public.
I confess I do not comprehend how we can em-
barrass the Administration by exposing and de-
nouncing fraud and peculation upon the Treasury,
by bringing the Government back to rigid econ-
omy. I had supposed, until recently, that this
was the proper way to aid the Administration, to
help them to put down the rebellion and preserve
the Government. I am mistaken if you do not
find this the true and indispensable policy to con-
trol your actions in future.
There is one single other point to which I wish
to allude, and I will then take my seat. It is said,
both here and elsewhere, that no member is loyal
who did not support the tax bill as it passed this
House. I am ready to defend that vote here or
elsewhere; I feel no uneasiness upon that point.
