2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
ing in it, and when he says that they have taken
everything out of it, and that those who made it
knew nothing and were able to accomplish noth-
ing. It might be suggested that these gentlemen
have some ideas. Tlie^country suppose they have,
and suppose they have some patriotism,and sup-
pose they have a desire to accomplish some good.
1 think so at any rate. I think better of them
than the Senator from Ohio does. I should cer-
tainlyfeel that I was doing them great injustice
to assume that a bill which they had prepared with
great care and to which they gave their assent had
no meritin it, and. no good intention in it, and was
one got up as a yielding to our enemies. Sir, has
the country no friends upon this floor except the
gentlemen who wish to go further than the major-
ity of the Senate can go on the subject? Does the
Senator from Ohio mean that it shall be understood
that I am lessafriend to the country, less desirous
of putting down the rebellion than he is, if, as he
supposes, I do not agree with him as to the shape
of the measure to be passed? Such is the effect
of his language. I think he can hardly be sensi-
ble of it. Such is the effect of his language in re-
gard toal! the gentlemen I have named, as well as
myself and others; it would apply even to the
Senators from Massachusetts; that they cannot
understand the interests of the country and cannot
want to put down this rebellion bccause they agreed
to report a bill which does not suit the Senator
from Ohio: He does not mean that, he cannot
mean that, and yet that is the effect of his words.
I know he cannot want to produec the impression
in the country and among his own people that
Senators with whom lie has acted so long, because
of a difference of opinion which they now have
with him in regard to this particular measure, are
not actuated by as sincere a desire to advance the
interests of the country and to put down the re-
bellion as he is himself. I will do my friend more
justice than he has done himself. He does not
mean to be so understood.
jMr.WADE. I said nosueh thing, to start with.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. And yet it was fairly in-
ferable from what the Senator did say—a mani-
fest inference that no one could help drawing from
what lie said. But, sir, I do not wish to continue
this discussion. I have taken no part, as 1 said
before, in the questions in regard to this bill. I
have waited until a committee, made up of gentle-
men entertaining different opinions, should a^ree;
and when 1 found that they did agree and reported
a bill, I made up my mind to sustain it, because
I am desirous that a bill shall be passed, and I be-
lieve this to be an efficient one. it will accomplish
all that it ought to accomplish, and I am willing,
therefore, to sustain it. I might sustain another,
I might prefer another, I might prefer to draw one
myself to suit myself; but we must take the united
judgments of all, or else not legislate on this prop-
osition, and that is the course that I am willing to
adopt.
Mr. WADE. The Senator has drawn very
largely on his imagination. I accused him of no
want of patriotism. I did not say one word about
his desire to put down this rebellion. I made no
question of that sort with him. If he could not reply
to me without going entirely out of the record,
and beyond what I said, I think my speech was
very harmless, at least, because, with the shrewd-
ness of the gentleman, he would certainly have
been able to lay hold of something that I did say
that was objectionable without traveling out of it
to make some case against me. I replied to that
dictatorial tone, that kind of lecturing which he has
seemed to indulge in, not only now but several
times, because other Senators did not see fit to bend
rightround to what he appeared to think was expe-
dient, but I did not say one word about his not being
right in the matter. He acts according to the
measure of his own judgment, and my objection
was that he was not willing to let other Senators
do the same. I accused him of nothing. I did
not pretend to say that his judgment was not
infinitely better than mine. Even if I am on the
w<?r committee, 1 did not suppose but that the
gentleman y judgment mi^ht be as good as my
own about other matters not connected with the
war. [Laughter.] I laid no e\uim to any supe-
rior knowledge on subjects and matters not per-
taining to the war, except the war of woids in
the Senate, and there I shall always yield to
htm.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend,
if he will allow me, that my inference was prob-
ably, like his, from the matter itself.
Mr. WADE. I think it was from the matter;
but it was not from the wording of the matter. I
should question my eyesight as soon as his pa-
triotism, or that of the other Senators he men-
tioned. When he travels out of the record to talk
about that and to throw out to the country the
insinuation that I have impeached the patriotism
of my fellow Senators he has done what he knows
was unwarranted and unjustifiable from anything
I did say. It would have been better for him to
meet what I said. My charge was that he found
fault with us who think our opinions as good as
his own, and who think we have as good a right
to stand by them as he has to stand by his.
I was astonished, however, when the Senator
told me that he had manifested no opposition to
the bill of the Judiciary Committee, I supposed
it was understood by everybody on this floor that
he was opposed to that bill upon constitutional,
if not upon other grounds. It is true he has made
no speeches upon it that I know of particulaily,
but he has made speeches enough, 1 think, both
here and elsewhere, to manifest that it is not the
measure which meets with his entire approbation.
It did meet with mine. I wanted to pass it. I be-
lieved it was a vigorous measure, one that would
be effectual. He did not believe so, or lie believed
some other measureless stringent than that would
answer all the purposes. At all events, he had
as good a right to his opinion as I have to mine;
but I claim the right to my opinion, and when
this committee, which was made up against my
judgment, and against my efforts to prevent it,
conies in with a measure which I suspected from
the beginning would be one that I should not be-
lieve in much; one that would notanswer the pur-
pose which wo designed to answer by it, I claim
the right to amend it. I said at the time in the
Senate, when I spoke against raising the commit-
tee, that it would control no one's opinions, it
would not bring men's minds together; the mem-
bers of the committee would come into the Sen-
ate precisely the same as though they had not
brought in a bill; we should believe as we believed
before. The members of the committee did not
agree with us befoie, and why should we sup-
pose that concord would be made in the commit-
tee-room ?
Mr. CLAIiK. Will my friend from Ohio allow
me to appeal to him for a moment?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I ask my friend to allow us to
come to a vote. I find no fault with what he has
said harsh about the bill or about the committee,
if he will only let us come to a vote; let us act as
practical legislators, and not stand here to make an
exhibition of ourselves. I think we can come to
a vote if the Senator will allow us to do so.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Lvne] desires to take part in this discussion, and
to vote on some of these amendments. He left the
city on Saturday evening expecting to return to-
day, and he wished me to see if 1 could not get
this measure postponed until he could be here to
vote. I presume he will be here to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio if thatoughtto be done, lfa Senator chooses
to go away on a party of pleasure, should we de-
lay the business of the country until he returns?
I am willing to accommodate gentlemen us much
as possible, but if we can go on with the measure
now I shall be glad. I have a*' much respect and
kindness for the Senator from Indiana as any one,
but I think we ought to come to a vote.
Mr. WADE. I would as lief come to a vote
on this bill to-night as at any other time if 1 sup-
posed it was possible to get through with it, but
i think not.
Mr. CLARK. I understand gentlemen on the
other side aie willing to stay and come to a vote.
Mr. WADE. I ought of couise, in courtesy
to the Senator from Indiana, to make an effort to
get the bill postponed until he can be here. I told
Mm I would do it; so I must. I will therefore
move that the Senate dc^now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a word to say,
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Is a motion to adjourn
debatable?
Mr. FESSENDEN, 1 am not about to debate
it. I merely want to make an explanation. If
Senators object to that, I will not make it. I merely
rise to say that my friend from New Hampshire
got his intelligence from me. I understand the
gentlemen on the other side of the House to be
perfectly willing, if we are, to go on with the pub-
lic business and finish it, and stay here the neces-
sary time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biowning, Chandler, Cowan, Davis,
Foot, Howanl, King, Powell, Saulsbury, Sunnier, Tium-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson. Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri
—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Carliie, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hender-
son, IIowg, Lane of Kansas, Latham, I'ommjy, Sherman,
Stark,Ten Eyck, Willey,and Wilson of Massachusetts—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts to the ninth section.
Mr. WILLEY. It is proper, sir, that I should
make a remark or two in relation to my connec-
tion with the special committee, and I rise more
for the purpose of doing that than of discussing
the proposition now before the Senate. It was
lemaiked by the honorable chairman of that com-
mittee the other day that this bill was the result
of almost the unanimous action and viewsof that
committee. That remark makes it proper that I
should say that, while I concurred in very much
of this repoi t, and was willing that other sections
of the bill should be reported to the Sep« did
not concur in the third section as^jtsno.\f(^aads.
The eleventh"section was incoipor4t£<$ %£u)ii&j>ill
without any knowledge on my jp&ri&frbiever, at
a time when I was not present in the'committee.
I have already signified to the Senate that 1 did
not concur in that section by my vote against it.
Neither did I con-cur fully in the section now
under consideration, although as between this
and the other propositions, I was willing it should
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if he did not vote for this very proposi-
tion as against all others?
Mr. WILLEY. That is just what I have stated.
As against the others, I was willing it should be
reported to the Senate, reserving to myself the
perfect liberty, as 1 understood I had the right to
do, to vote against it in the Senate, if I saw proper
to do so.
Now, sir, I desire to say a word in refeience
to this ninth section. I suppose the President of
the United States, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, has the power to do whatsoever he may
deem necessary to suppress the rebellion; but it
never entered into my mind that he could eman-
cipate all the slaves by a mere proclamation on
paper. Nothing but the solemn arbitrament of
aims can do it. When he can seize upon the slave-
owner and upon the slave himself and set him ftee,
I imagine he has the power to do it as the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. Whether he has
the powr by proclamation to emancipate slaves
in a district where his arms are not and where he
cannot accomplish it by the exeict«e of absolute
power, I shall not now stop to say; but I desire to
make this remark, that the mere issuing of a proc-
lamation can have no effect. Suppose he were to
issue a proclamation to-day that all the slaves in the
States in rebellion were free, would they be free?
Would the effect follow the proclamation J No,
sit; they would bono more free than they are now
The onlypossible modein which the object oftlus
proclamation can be accomplished will be by the
exercise of the armed power in the hands of the
President of the United States. Wherever his
arms can go, wherever he can exert the power of
his arms, there he may accomplish it; and he can-
not accomplish it in any district until he has, by
the exercise of his power, obtained possession of
it. This section, therefore, in my humble judg-
ment, was of no practical avail whatever, except
as to its influence upon the Union sentiment of the
South.
Now, Mr. Pi evident, allow me to say that I
have never attempted to dictate to this Senate;
but at the same time it is not only no dictation,
but it is a legitimate argument to use to this Sen-
ate or to any other body t*o point out the conse-
quences of a measure; and shall southern Sena-
tors, loyal, 1 undertake to say, as any Senators
on this floor, be impugned and impeached with
