1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
of-liquors, railroads, &c.; but every man is not
to be put under oath.
.Mr. SHELLABARGER. I propose to offer
an amendment to the amendment, so that it will
read, 44 which returns or statements shall be on
oath or affirmation." It is not out of the line of
observation of persons of experience that these
oaths required as to matters of this sort are a
proper precaution and safeguard. I can speak, at
all events, from my own observation when I say
that it has been found useful to throw around the
fidelity of such returns that sanction which is fur-
nished in the oath of the party. Now, it is im-
possible that those assessors should rely ordi-
narily on any other than the fairness and truth of
the statements made in the returns. It requires
such an examination of property, such an inves-
tigation of details, and such an amount of labor,
that the officer will be very much dependent on
the faithfulness of these returns; and although it
is true that penalties and pains are attached to an
unfaithful or inaccuratereturn,yetl do think that
it will be found that that will not ordinarily be a
very valuable check on partial or imperfect re-
turns. It is suggested near me that it cheapens
oaths; but, sir, there are various provisions in
the bill requiring oaths to be taken, and it is cer-
tainly not a matter of less consequence that this
very essential, radical provision of the bill, which
furnishes the only means or instrumentality of
taking hold of the property of a citizen, should re-
quire the solemn sanction of an oath.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to ask the gentlemen
of the Committee of "Ways and Means whether
this is not already provided for in the sixth sec-
tion of the bill ? That section provides
" That St shall be the duty of any person or persons, part-
nerships, firms, associations, or corporations, made liable
to any duty, license, stamp, or tax imposed by this a:t,
annually when not otherwise and differently piovided lor,
on or befoiethe 1st clay of May next, and in each year there-
after, and in all other eases befoie the day of levy, to make
a list or return to the assistant assessor of the distuct where
located, of the amount of annual mcomo, the number of
articles or objects charged with a special duty or tax, the
quantity of goods, wares, and merchandise made or sold,
and charged with a spccilic or ad valorem duty or tax, the
several i ates and abrogate amount aecoi ding to the respect-
ive provisions of'this aet, and according to th<* forms and
regulations to be made, as aforesaid, upon lists, according
to the form prescribed, to be made out by the assessors and
assistant assessors, respectively."
My question is, whether these forms may not
prescribe nn oath ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In regard to
these oaths or affirmations, it is my opinion that
we have multiplied them to the full extent that
they ought to be. I am opposed to multiplying
oaths where they are unnecessary. It will be found,
in the course of this bill, that they arc required
for the income tax, for the distillers and brewers
and manufacturers and railroad companies, banks,
&c. That is to as great an extent as oaths ought
to be required, and as the Committee of Ways
and Means were disposed to go in requiring oaths.
As to the question in regard to whether a man has
a piano, or more than one watch, it is not required
to be answered under oath. I do not suppose that
the committee will think it necessary.
Mr. EDWARDS. It seems to me that there
should be a provision in this bill to authorize
somebody to require that these lists shall be verified
by oath, if thought proper—not generally.
t Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a pro-
vision which allows the Secretary of the Treasury
to prescribe forms and regulations. I have no
doubt that, under that provision, he can prescribe
an oath if he choose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objection
to accepting the amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire—that the officer
may require an oath when he deems it necessary.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That would
be very invidious.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Very well. I adhere
to my original amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Shei.labarger's
amendment, as follows:
Add the words: "shall be on oath or affirmation/'
Mr. NOBLE. 1 have no objection to that, but
I would object to the proposition of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire. The assessor who
might be very easy in his disposition would never
require an oath. The consequence would be that
whether he got all the property on liis list or not
would depend on his firmness or disposition.
That [ do not want to see.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The manager of
•this bill has stated that in all those cases where
the assessor cannot possibly know what is sub-
ject to taxation—as, for instance, manufactures
and liquors which are often sent off before they
are taxed or listed—returns are made under oath.
This section refers to but few Subjects in the bill,
and those subjects of a permanent nature, to be
taxed annually, and which the assessor can have
at all times access to. It is desirable to avoid in-
cumbering this bill with impracticable proposi-
tions. The returns are to be made on the first
Monday in May, of each year, to the assessor;
and the imposing upon him the duty to determine
who shall report under oath and who shall not,
would be onerous, impracticable, ill-judged, and
unnecessary.
Mr. SHELLABARGER withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend, in the
ninth section, by inserting after the word " de-
liver, " in the second line, the word " to;" and
to strike out, after tho word " or," in the same
line, the words " disclose to," and insert in lieu
thereof the words "make out for;" so that the
clause will read:
That if any such person shall deliver to or make out for
any assessor or assistant assessor, appointed in pursuance
of this act, and requiring a list or lists as afoiesaid, any
false or fraudulent list, &c.
It seems to me the word " disclose" may be
construed to refer to the list of another man.
Mr. PORTER. The word disclose" ought
not to be struck out. It is meant, doubtless, to
apply to the case of illiterate persons, where, they
not being able to make out their lists, the assessor
makes it out for them.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend, in the
tenth section, by inserting after the word " dis-
cretion," in the sixth line, the following:
And in ease no such person is found on the premises,
shall place a note in the nearest post olhce addressed to the
party inteiested.
I propose that amendment because it occurs to
me in many cases, just as is now the fact with
myself at my residence, the house of the person
may be closed. There is no person there, and it
may be that a person may suffer innocently from
such absence. I propose, therefore, that in case
no person shall be found about the premises, a
note shall be deposited in the nearest post office,
addressed to the party interested.
Mr. HARDING. I propose to substitute for
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, as follows:
In line five, after the word u some," insert:
White person residing in his family of an ago not less
than fifteen years.
I then propose, in line six, to strike out the
words " person of suitable age and discretion;"
so that the clause will read:
It shall be the duty of the assistant assessor to leave at
the place of residence of such peisuu with some white per-
son residing m his family, of nn age not less than fifteen
years, a written note or memorandum, &c.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that his amendment and mine do not re-
late to the same thing at all, and that it would
therefore be very well for him to wait until mine
is disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendments relate to different subjects,
and that therefore the gentleman from Kentucky
had better wait until a vote shall have been taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HARDING. It seems to me they pro-
vide different methods of doing the same thing,
and that mine is therefore properly an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and I decline to withdraw it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. It makes no difference to
me which is considered first, and as the gentleman
refuses to withdraw his amendment I will with-
draw mine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will suggest
an amendment which I think will obviate the neces-
sity of either. I suggest the striking out of the
words " of suitable age and discretion." I do not
see that they are needed there at ail.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HARDING. This, Mr. Chairman,relates
to a subject of some importance. The next sec-
tion following provides that you may subject a
citizen to a fine of $100 for refusing or neglecting
to comply with the requirements of this section.
Section ten requires the assessor to pass through
the country, and when he comes to the house of
an absent citizen he is required to leave a note or
memorandum with some person of suitable age
and discretion, requiring him to present his list
to the assessor within ten days—that I suppose
is a constructive notice—and the next section
makes it a penalty of $100 to fail to present that
list. And in addition to that, the assessor may
enter and make out the list of the person so con-
structively notified.
Now, 1 desire to make this simple remark, that
I propose, instead of leaving it to the discretion of
the assessor as to who is the proper person, and
as to what is the proper age, that we shall define
it in this bill. I propose that when the assessor
arrives at the residence of a citizen who is absent,
he shall be required to give the notice to some
person residing in the family of the citizen; that
it shall be some white person, not a slave, and that
the person shall be at least fifteen years old. That,
I apprehend, would be a sufficient notice to pro-
ceed upon in accordance with the provisions of
the next section. By the section as it now reads
the assessor is simply to leave the noticc with
some person, whether he resides in the family or
not, and he is to be the judge as to his suitable
age and discretion.
Now, in many instances, it may turn out that
the assessor is a person of strong prejudices and
passions, and he will have it in his power by this
section as reported to do great in justice and wrong
to a citizen. I would not place the assessor in
this position of absolute independence. I would
strip him of his independence, and prescribe what
shall be his duties. I would tell him with what
person he may leave his notice. I would require
that he shall be a member of the person's family,
and shall be not less than fifteen years of age. It
seems to mc it will be much better for this House
to use a little discretion than to leave it entirely
to the discretion of the assessor.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I concur in the amend-
ment offered and withdrawn by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. Now, sir, there may be per-
sons subject to taxation where the family is all
black, and where it would be very difficult to find
a white person with whom to leave the notice.
I am opposed also to the proposition suggested,
but I believe not offered, by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to strike out the words
"of suitable age and discretion." I think that
qualification should remain. I think every reason-
able pains should be taken to give this notice to
bring in the lists, and I therefore move as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to insert after the word " discretion"
the following: <s if such person be present, other-
wise to deposit in the nearest post office," and
also to add in line seven,after the word " memo-
randum," the words " addressed to such person;"
so that the section as amended would read:
Sec. 30. Jlndbcit further cnacted, That in case any per-
son Mi all be absent from his or her place of residence at the
time an assistant as&e^or shall call to lecerve the list ot
such person, it shall be the duty of such assistant assessor
to leave at the place of residence of such peison, with some
person of suitable age and discretion, if such peison be pres-
ent, otheiwise to deposit in the nearest postotlicc, a written
note oi memorandum, addressed to such person,'requiring
him or her to present to such assessor the list or lists re-
quued by this, act within ten days from the date of such
note or memorandum.
The substitute for thcamendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. McKNIGHT. It seems to me that the ten
days provided for in the last clausc of the section
is a rather short notice, lmove to strike out "ten,"
and insert " twenty."
Mr. STEVENS. I think it had better stand as
it is.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he modify his amendment so as to
make the notice ten days when served personally,
and twenty days otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. You will find that the whole
machinery of the bill will be disarranged if these
amendments are adopted. I hope the time will be
allowed to stand as it ts. It will not do harm in
ninety-nine cases out of one hundred.
The amendment was disagreed to.
