1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
2205
attempting to dictate to this Senate when they un-
dertake to say that the result of legislation on this
floor will be to destroy that which they have per-
iled life and property to come here to attempt to
assert? Sir, I humbly conceive and put it to the
Senate, that we ought not to be met in this man-
ner. It is an argument and a sound argument,
and where an essential and fundamental principle
is not involved, the question of expediency may
well be addressed to any assembly on the face of
the earth. Sir, I have envied Senators; I have
envied my friend from the granite hills of New
Hampshire, secure in his home, and living; in a
State where it was dangerous to be anything else
but loyal, his most enviable position. While I
do not undertake to dictate to the Senate, nor to
urge my opinion or the opinion of the border
States upon the Senate, I will say this: although
my judgment may not be worth much in the Sen-
ate, yet I think we, as border State Senators, are
entitled to some credit for our loyalty. We come
from a quarter where it costs something to be
loyal. We have come through fire and sword,
arid some of us stand here to-day with a price
fixed upon our heads, and with acts of confisca-
tion against all our estates, whatever we have.
Under such circumstances as these, we should at
least be allowed the merit of sincerity and hon-
esty of purpose, and of loyalty. It is improper,
it is unjust, it is ungenerous for Senators on the
other side, directly or indirectly, to impeach our
loyalty, because we stand up here and suggest
that the consequences of their legislation will be
disastrous in the extreme. We may be mistaken;
I hope we are mistaken.
Sir, I would not interpose an iota,a jot or a tittle
in the way of anything that would put down this
rebellion and restore the Union; but I oppose this
species of legislation simply because 1 believe it
is calculated to nritate the loyal sentiment of the
southern mind, to destroy that sentiment upon
which, and upon which alone, we hope to base
any reorganization of the State governments in
the South, to prolong the rebellion, to increase the
horrors of this wat, and to increase our public
debt, and to imperil the restoration of the Union.
I oppose it because, knowing the, southern people
as i do, knowing the southern loyal sentiment as I
do, I believe, before God, that this species of legis-
lation will result in making this a war of total ex-
termination, and nothing less than that. I may
be mistaken; I hope I am mistaken; but I believe
that will be the result. While I say that, I say
again that as for myself I have come out on the
side of the Union from the midst of fire and swoid;
I have come out from my blood and kindred in
the prisons and dungeons; I have come out from
the midst of those who this day have the sword
lifted against me and mine, from my own house-
hold and from my own ancient fireside. I have
done alt this, and I think my loyalty ought not to
be impeached under these circumstances. What
my opinions are worth is for the Senate to say;
but that we are actuated by any other principle
than a heartfelt patriotic desire to restore our glo-
rious old Union, i put it to the Senate whether
we do not stand here to-day with marks and at-
testations of loyalty upon us that should put to
shame some of those who indirectly impeach our
patriotism and our loyalty.
Now, sir, it seems to me that this bill can have
but that practical effect. It gives the President,
as seems to be admitted on a!l hands, no power i
but what he has now. If it is to have any legis-
lative effect, if it is to have any effect as a self-ox-
ccuting law, then I humbly suggest fo the Senate
wlif-ther it be constitutional. Any bill on the part
of Congress emancipating slaves in the summary
form of a presidential proclamation must be in the
nature of a penalty, and cannot be anything else; \
it is not confiscation; it is not foifeiture; it must \
be punishment; it must be a penalty; and there- j
fore, under the circumstances, I think it h not m 1
accordance with that provision of the Constitu-
tion that requites that no man shall be punished
except upon due process of law.
Air. CHANDLER. 1 move that the Senate
adi'ii;! FOSTER and Mr. CLARK called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Air. COLLAMER. I wishjo inquire of the
Senatoi from Kentucky whether he proposes to |
speak at length on this bill ? _ j
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose if I answered in the I
affirmative it would satisfy gentlemen there was
no chance to force a vote this evening.
Mr. COLLAMER. No matter about the con-
sequence. I asked the gentleman a civil question.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I desire to make a short
speech on this subject.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I voted against an
adjournment before, but as Henry S. Lane de-
sires' to be present to vote on this bill and the
amendments, I shall now change my vote, and
vote for the adjournment, ltis a courtesy that I
think should be extended to every Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As gentlemen are making
statements, I wish to state with reference to this
matter, that the bill that I have in charge must be
taken up very soon. 1 have given way and given
way to the solicitations of gentlemen; and now,
it strikes me, when gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber, who are opposed to this bill, but
still anxious to do the public business, are willing
to stay here to whatever hour we please and vote
on it and finish it, that we, the majority, the Re-
publicans, who have the business in charge to
d'o, do not look very well in persisting in an ad-
journment.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to suggest to my friend
from Maine that there are other members of the
„ Senate who aie not on the other side of the Senate
who desire to say something on this bill and who
are opposed to it. I hope fairness will be shown
even to us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to reply to that,
that it has been the custom here always, since I
have been a member of the body, when we came
to a bill of this sort, and at a late period of the
session, to sit in the evening, and for gentlemen to
make speeches in the evening, and make them at
a late hour. 1 have done it myself repeatedly, and
I never asked the Senate to delay one moment or
to adjourn at all in any shape for me to address
the Senate upon any subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I know not what the gentle-
man may have asked and shall npt inquire. I
shall vote for the adjournment. I think it due to
those who desire to vote on this bill, and who
desire to say something on the subject.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the result is an-
nounced, I desire to give notice that to-morrow I
shall move to discharge the Committee on the
Judiciary from the resolution in regard to a quo-
rum. I do not believe we can close this session
without fixing the constitutional quorum.
The result was then announced—yeas 15, nays
18; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^sr^. TCtmvniiifr, Chandler, Cowan, DavU,
Dixon, Foot, Ho waul, King. Lane of Kunsa*, Powell, Sum-
ner, Tiumbull, VVude, Wilkinson, and Wilson of IVIis-
souu—15.
NAYS—Mps«is Carlile,ClaiIc, Collainer, Doohttlo, Fes-
semlen, Fot-ioi.Gimic®. ILuhin, Hatiis, Henderson, Iiowe,
Latham, Pomeioy, Shoiman, Stark, Ten Eyck, Willey,
and Wilson ot Massachusetts—18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but the vote discloses the want
of a quorum, and arrests public business.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
is not now in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Aims be directed to bring in absent members.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not a motion to adjourn in
oiderr
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion to
adjourn is not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to bring in absent members.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Sergeuut-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
members. Now a motion to adjourn would be
in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move an adjournment.
Air. CHANDLER. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion. ["Oh,nol'*j I
withdraw the coll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Seejctary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Before the
vote is announced, if Senators will not object, I
desire u> move a couple of slight amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain no motion. The last vote disclosed
the want of a quorum; ar.i no business can
done. No motidn is in ord*n\ t, .
The result was then announced—yeas 19, nays
15; as follows: x
son, Wihnot, and Wilson of Missouri—-19.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, DooHttle/TcsseiiJen,
Foster, Game.*. Harlan, Henderson, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Stark, Ten Eyck, Wade, Willey, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday9 May 19, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Re v. Mr. McFalls , of the Assembly church,
Washington.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in answer
to a resolution of the House of 7th February,
1862, relative to amounts paid to the several rail-
roads of the United States.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that it be referred to
the committee on Government contracts.
It was so ordered.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forktey,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (No. 82) to pro-
vide for the presentation of " medals of honor"
to the enlisted men of the Army and volunteer
forces who have or may distinguish themselves
in battle during the present rebellion; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
CONSTRUCTION OF FORTS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House an-
other communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of 15th
ultimo,on the subject of changes thathave become
necessary in the materials and construction of
forts, &c.; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the Governor of Kansas, transmit-
ting joint resolutions of the State Legislature rel-
ative to extinguishing certain Indian titles to land;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a priv-
ileged question 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will yield
to me a moment I desire to make a report from the
special committee to which was referred the im-
peachment of West H. Humphreys, judgeofthe
district court of the United States for the several
districts ofTennessee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Understanding
that that is a very important mattei, and that it
will take but a few minutes, I yield the floor.
Mr. BINGEIAM. I am instructed by the special
committee to report the following articles of im-
peachment against West H. Humphreys, and to
ask their adoption by the House.
The articles of impeachment were read.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to remind the House
that these several articles of impeachment aie sub-
stantially sustained by the proof heretofoie taken
by the JudiciaryCommittee, reported to the House,
printed, and read, if there he no gentleman de-
sirous of discussing the propriety of these articles
of impeachment, I'move the pievtous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the articles of impeachment were asieed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 oiler the following reso-
lutions, and ask for their adoption:
jRcsohed, That five inanasjei-s he appointed by the Speaker
of tin-* Uou>o to conduct th • imp.Mchmcnt airainst We&t
II. Humphreys, iui!y:o of the dt-tuet couit of the United
States lor the -eveial di-tnets of Tennessee.
Resolved. That the attieies aim-'-d to by this House, lobe
exhibited, in the name of thom.:clv(\« and ot all the people
of the United States, against Wu->t II. Humphreys m main-
tenance ot their impeachment against him tor high crime*
