1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
could be by any resignation. The committee,
however, report substantially the evidence on
which they come to the result announced, so that
each Senator can judge for himself whether or not
the facts in proof before the committee will war-
rant the result to which they arrived. Mr. Stan-
ton, the contestant, addressed a letter to the War
Department, and obtained the following reply:
War Department, July 15,1861.
Sir: In reply to your inquiry in legard to the appoint-
ment of Hon. James H. Lane as brigadiei general, I heie-
with transmit you documents upon the cape:
A. Copy of a letter to Secretary of War fiom Adjutant
General Thomas.
B. Form of appointment, (printed blank.)
0. Telegram liom Assistant Adjutant General to com-
manding officei at Fort Leavenwoith.
1"). Letter of acceptance of regiments.
The Secretary of War directs me to state that he himself,
after having signed the com mission of Hon. James II. Lane,
as brigadier general, handed it pei sonally to him in presence
of the Adjutant General of the War Department.
Respectfully, JAMES LESLEY, Jr.,
Chief Clerki War Department.
Hon. F. P. Stanton.
I desire, in connection with that letter, to have
read the letter of the Adjutant General to the Sec-
retary of War, dated the 15th of July, marked A
in the report.
The Secretary read, as follows: **
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, July 15, 1861.
Sir : In reply to the inquiry of Hon. F. P. Stanton of
the 13th instant, referied by you to this office, 1 respectfully
state that on ths 20th ultimo you dnected an appointment
as brigadier general of the three years' volunteers to be
made tor Hon. James II. Lane, of Kansas. The appoint-
ment was made as directed, and handed to you for signa-
ture, but was notieturned to this office for rpcoid.
I inclose hetewith a blank letter of appointment, similar
to the one used in ins case.
I have the honor to be, sir, veiy respectfully, your obe-
dient seivant, L. THOMAS,
Adjutant General.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to have read next the
letter of the Secretary of War, which immedi-
ately follows, marked B.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, June 20, 1861.
Sir : You are hereby informed that the President of the
United States has appointed you brigadier general of the
volunteer force raided in conformity with the President's
proclamation of May 3, 1861, in the serviccNpf the United
States, to rank as such from the 17th day of May, 1861.
Should the Senate, at their next session, advise and eon-
sent thereto, jou will be commissioned accotdingly.
Immediately on receipt hereof, please to communicate to
this Department, through the Adjutant Genet a] *s office, your
acceptance or non-acceptance of said appointment; and,
with your letter of acceptance, return to the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Aimy the oath, herewith inclosed, propeily filled
up, subscribed, and attested, lepoi ting at the same time your
age, residence, when appointed, and the State m which
you were born.
Should you accept, you will at once leport by letter for
orders to Sccretaiy of War.
Bngadiei General James U. Lane,
United States Volunteers.
Mr. FOSTER. This is the letter called the
" form of appointment" in the letter of Mr. Les-
ley, and is the document referred to in the last
sentence of Mr. Lesley's letter. He says that the
Secretary of Wardirects him to state that ho, (the
Secretary,) having signed his com mtssion, handed
it personally to him in presence of the Adjutant
General at the War Department.
This copy is slightly incorrect, the committee
not having then the original before them, but the
.blank furnished by the War Department, filled
up as nearly as they could fill it up from recol-
lection. The onginal has since been furnished to
the committee,and the correction to be made is in
the last sentence. Instead of " should you ac-
cept, you will at once report by letter for orders
to the Secretary of War," it should read, " should
you accept, you will at once report in person for
orders the General-in-Chief," the word "to"
being evidently omitted after "orders." With
that correction, and adding the signature, "Simon
Cameron, Secretary of War," this tetter, which
is reported by the committee to have an inaccu-
racy in it, is made accurate, changing the manner
of reporting for oidersfrom reporting by letter to
the Secretary of War to reporting in person to the
General-in-Chief, and adding the signature of the
Secretary.
That, as the committee believe, constituted an
appointment of General Lane a brigadier gen-
eral of volunteers in the Army. I need not re-
peat, after the letter has been read, its contents.
It certainly is an appointment, in express, posi-
tiveterms, from the Executive of the United States
through the War Department. It is the same
appointment that was at that time conferred on
various general officers of higher grade than brig-
adier general, and many brigadier generals. It
is precisely the same form, in every respect, by
which various persons were made officers in the
volunteer service of the United States. It is not
a commission, but it is an appointment. It is con-
ferring the appointment, the officc of brigadier gen-
eral, upon the appointee, subject, of course, to the
action of the Senate when his name shall be sent
to them; but still an appointment, for a certain
period, as good as by possibility ever can be
conferred.
But an appointment to an office, of course, is
not all there is in regard to it. In addition to being
appointed loan office, it becomes necessary for
the person appointed to accept. In our patriotic
days, it is true, very few persons refuse accepting
an officc. Some people, indeed a considerable
number, are even so patriotic as to ask for of-
fice 
Mr. WILSON. Is that a fact?
Mr. FOSTER. I believe it to be true. The
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs asks, with incredulity, if it is true. I be-
lieve it to be true; and if it weredoubted, I should
feel free to call on him as a witness to prove it I
think he knows of a good many such cases.
It requires, however, something more than the
presumption that a man will accept an office in
order to show that he has accepted; and in this
case, after showing, as I think the committee do
show from these documents, that the sitting mem-
ber was appointed, the next question is, did he
accept? For an acceptance, I agree, is necessary,
and without an acceptance no man can ever be in
office. The evidence on the subject of his accept-
ing the office is the following: it will be remem-
bered from the reading of the letter conferring the
appointment, that it contained the blank form of
an oath to be taken by the officer in case the ap-
pointment should be accepted; and on the same
day that the appointment was made it appears that
General Lane went before a magistrate of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and tookand subscribed the form
ofoath which his letter of appointmentcontained,
and thus, so far as taking and subscribing the
oath was concerned, accepted the office thus con-
ferred upon him. This, as it appears to me, is a
very satisfactory and a very solemn mode of ac-
cepting an office. Where, as in most cases, the
law requires that before a person can enter upon
the duties of an office he shall take a certain pre-
scribed oath, if the pat ty comes forward and takes
the oath which he is required to take in order to
enter legally upon the duties of his office, I sup-
pose there can be no more conclusive, certainly
no more satisfactory, evidence that he accepts the
office than that he takes the oath to perform its
duties. That was done byGeneralLane,andthe
evidence of that appears from the certificate of the
magistrate, which is in the report upon the fourth
page, which I ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
I, John D. Clark, justice of the peace in and for Wash-
ington county, Distuct of Columbia, do hereby certify that
on or about the 20th day of June last General James H.
Lane swore t<  and Mibscubed the k>rin of the within oath
befoie me, which i duly ratified and delivered to bun.
Given under my hand this 15th Julv, 1861.
JOHN D, CLARK, J. P.
I, Jame=( II. Lane, appointed a bilgadier general in the
Aimy of the United States, do solemnly swear, or affirm,
that I will bear true allegiance to the United States of
America; and that 1 w H serve them honestly and faithfully
against all their enemies or opposers whatsoever, and ob-
serve and obey the oiders of the President of the United
States, and the order-, of the otiiceis appointed over me, ac-
cording to the rule? mid aitides for the government of the
armies of the United States.
Sworn to and r-ubsenbed befoie me, at , this 
day of , 13G-.
 , J, p.
Mr. FOSTER.- That day, although the blank
in that certificate is not filled in his affidavit, was
on or about the 20th of Juno, which was the day
that the appointment, as it appears from the rec-
ord, was handed to General Lane; so that imme-
diately on receiving the appointment, and the
form of the oath within the appointment whioh
he was required to take if he accepted it, he went
before this -magistrate, and there took and sub-
scribed H< I ask for the reading of" the letter
marked D in the report from-the War Department
of June 20,1861. • 1 '  
The Secretary read, as follows: ■
War-Department,' June Q0't 18SL ■
Dear Sir: This Department will accept two regiments
for three years, or during the war, in addition to the three
regiments the Department ha's already accepted from the
Governor of Kansas, to be raised and organized by you-in
Kansas. Orders will be given to muster the samfe into ser-
vice immediately on being ready to be so mastered j and,
on being mustered, the requisite aims, &c., wilf-be All*
nisbed on the requisition of the mustering officer, who
hereby authorized to make the same.
By order of the President.
SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
General James II. Lane.
Official copy.
J. LESLEY, Jr, Chief Clerk*
Mr. FOSTER. On.the 26th day„of June, 1861—
these proceedings being on the 20th—an article
appeared in the Daily Times, a newspaper pub-
lished at Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas.
That article is dated Leavenworth, June 25, 1861,
and is copied on the fourth and fifth pages of the
report. I wish that might be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Leavenworth, June 25,1861.
Mr. Editor : On the 20th instant I was duly appointed
a btigadier general m the volunteer force of the United
States, and thereupon received the following order:
B War Department, June 20,1861.
Dear Sir: This Department will accept two regiments
for throe years, or duiing the war, in addition to the three
regiments the Department has already accepted fiom the
Governor ot Kansas, to be raised and organized by you in
Kansas. Orders will be given to muster the same into ser-
vice immediately on being ready to be so mustered; and,
on being mustered, the requisite aims, &c., will be fur-
nished on the jequisitlon of the mustering officer, who is
hereby authorized to make the same.
By order of the President.
SIMON" CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
General James H. Lane.
Fellow-citizens of Kansas and
adjoining States and Territories:
The important trust thus confided to me has occurred at
a momentous period in our history as a nation. An insur-
rectionary war, commenced by rebels, in defiance of pa-
triotism and duty, has now appioached our border. Treason
has laised its bloody hand,"almost m our veiy midst, to strike
down oui glorious Hag, made bles>ed by the memories of
our fatheis. The lionois of war are no longer far removed
from us, but have been brought by traitorous hands to our
very hearthstones. Impressed with the necessity of prompt
and vigorous action m defense ot our country, its flag, and
our homes, the Picstdcnt has authorized the formation of
a brigade of five regiments in Kansas. lie has been pleased
to place in my hands the honor of leading the gallant sons
of the youngest State of the Union to victoiy in defense of
that Union of which it has so lately become apart. Treason
and rebellion sunound us. Loyal Amei ican citizens, diiven
from their homes, aie crying to usfoi protection. The best
Government in the world is assailed by wicked hands. Men
of Kansas and the sunoundmg country, in the name of all
we hold sacred, arid by the authority of our constitutional
ruler, I invoke you to lally to the stars arid stripes come
forward and join the regiments accepted from our State.
When organized, the watchword of the brigade will be the
downfall of tieason wherever found, and the upholding of
Union men in every State and place.
JAMES II LANE,
Brigadier General.
Mr. FOSTER. The report shows that General
Lane stated to the committee that he did not sign
the address just read as brigadier general; that
he wrote the body of the address, but did not
affix his name as brigadier general. That fact
ought to be stated because it was stated by hiin,
and he is entitled to have the fact stated correctly.
With that modification, if it be a modification, it
did not appear to the committee that General Lane
took exception to the correctness of the statement
made, although he was not in Kansas at the time
it was published, he remaining in the city of
Washington, and that statement being published
by a friend of his, who left the city immediately
after these proceedings here on the 20th of June.
There is then, Mr. President, in the first piace,
the oath; there is "this address to the people of
Kansas, calling upon them, certainly in very pa-
triotic and thrilling terms, to rally around him as
a leader to put down a wicked insurrection—a
most stirring and thrilling address, saying" that
lie had just been appointed a brigadier general of
volunteers m the United States, arid was now ad-
dressing those whom he trusted to lead to victory
and glory in a manner worthy of a soldier.
In addition to these pretty strong evidences, as
