224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8.
it seems to me, of having accepted the appoint-
ment conferred upon him, there is additional evi-
dence: acts done by Genera] Lane as a brigadier
general of the United States in the volunteer ser-
vice, and of those acts I will specify at least some
portion. On the26thdayof June he had made three
requisitions upon the Quartermaster General for
the benefit of the regiments to be raised, by him,
ancf which were to form a part of his brigade.
The requisitions were for clothing, and the evi-
dence in regard to these requisitions is contained
in a letter from the Quartermaster General, dated
tiie 26th of June, 1861, on the fifth and sixth pages
of the report. I ask for the reading of that.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, June 26, 1861.
Sirs : I am informed that you are able and willing to sup-
ply the regulation umfoims lor two regiments, including
four companies ofcavahy, torn companies of mounted ar-
tillery, and twelve companies of intantiy, subject to regu-
lation, inspection as to work ami material, and at the United
States- pi ices.
Tlus clothing i5? for two regiments to he raised and com-
manded by General Lane, of Kansas, and must he delivered
in time to reach Fort Leavemvoith bolorc the 20tli July, at
which time the regiment is to take the field-
I inclose General Lane's requisitions, three m number,
specifying the aiticles, and mdoised by me ior identifica-
tion. Als-o a copy of order No. 23, of November 30, 1859,
fixing puces.
Bo good enough to signify by telegraph your acceptance
or rejection or this oider, and if icjected, return the requi-
sitions by bcaier.
When teady for inspection, a United States inspector will
be sent to Boston lo look at them.
M. 0. MEIGS, Quartermaster General.
Messrs. IIaoqiiton, Sawyer &, Co., Boston, Massachusetts.
The above is a tiue copv.
M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster General.
Mr. FOSTER.. The requisitions referred to in
that letter of General Meigs were read before the
committee by General Lane, and he called the
attention of the committee to the fact that his
name was not signed to them a?< brigadier general.
Of course that fact should he stated, and the fact
should be brought before the Senate i n such a man-
ner thnt either the advantage or tiie disadvantage
of it may fall where it belongs. To my mind cer-
tainly, these requisitions furnish very strong and
satisfactory evidence of his having accepted this
appointment. In what capacity, but as an officer
in the Army or in the service of the United States,
were these requisitions made? Not as a civilian
surely; not as a member of this body; in no other
way could they be made than as a military officer
of the United States The particular office which
the officer was at the time, exercising, 1 suppose,
it is not necessary should be added to his name.
If he be known to the Department, and recognized
by the Department, as an officer, it certainly is
not essential that every time he makes a requisi-
tion he should after his name add his particular
title. There can be no special efficacy in that.
He was lerugmz'ul by the Department, itis pretty
apparent, as an officer; by thcQuai termaster sure-
ly, for Quartoi master Moigs iu too intelligent, as
well as too competent and faithful, to answer a
requisition which he does not understand to em-
anate from competent authority,from an individ-
ual having a legal right to make it; and if there
was any want of form in the requisition which
made it objectionable, lie certainly would either
suggest it, or refuse to answer the requisition until
a proper one had been presented.
The evidence, then, of acceptance consists, in
the first place, in the taking of the oath; m the
next place, the publication of an address to the
people where his foive, or a portion of it, wns to
be raised, stating that he was brigadier general,
and calling upon them to rally under him in sup-
port of the flog; and requisitions made upon the
proper Department for equipments, clothing, &e.,
for his troops. If these are not satisfactory evi-
dences of acceptance, I am ata loss to know what
would be. The ewdencc, however,does notslop
at this stage. On the 10th of July, 1861, the fol-
lowing order was sent by trlograph from the Ad-
jutant General to the commanding officer at Fort
Leavenworth, in Kansas. 1 wish the Secretaiy
would n-ad from the tlmd page of the report what
is under letter C, " by telegraph.''
The Secretary lead, as follows:
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, I). <\, Julv 10,. lsbl.
Detail an oftieer to muster in (JoncMl Lane's 'brigade.
The companies will ba mustered when presented, even
though less than the standard, and will be filled up after-
wards.
By order, GEORGE D. EUGGLES,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Commanding Officer, Fort Leavenworth, Kama*,
Leavenworth City, Kansas.
Official copy. L. THOMAS, Adjutant General.
Adjutant General's Office, July 10, 1861.
The above order was given at the request of General
Lane. L. THOMAS, Adjutant General.
Mr. POSTER. It appears, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, that on the 10th of July, after having taken
the oath, published his address, and made several
requisitions for clothing, &c., for his troops, he
goes to the War Office and procures an order that
an officer be detailed from Fort Leavenworth to
muster in his men, and the order is given to
muster in the men when presented, even though
less than the standard; and this the AdjutantGen-
eral certifies was done at the request of General
Lane. If evidence of acceptance beyond this be
required, pray of what nature and character is the
evidence expected to be? It cannot be expected
m any case that there should be higher, stronger,
or ampler evidence; in many cases certainly much
less is all that could be furnished. It appears to
me that he must be a bold man who says, in view
of this evidence, that this appointment was not
accepted.
The committee, then, 1 think, furnish a suffi-
cient basis of facts on which to rest their report:
first, that General Lane was appointed; and sec-
ondly, that he accepted the appointment. There
was, however, a resolution introduced into the
Senate while this matter was under advisement
before the Judiciary Committee, calling upon the
President of the United States for any information
which he might possess in regard to the appoint-
ment and acceptance of General Lane, and in re-
ply to (hat requisition on the President, certain
documents came in, which were printed and are on
the tables ot Senators. I am not aware that there
is anything m those communications which add at
all to tiie evidence reported by the committee, with
the single exception of a letter written by the Pres-
ident to the Secretary of War on the 20th of June,
IS6I. That letter is on the second page of the
message of the President, m reply to the inquiry
of the Senate, and is maiked No. 3, which I ask the
Secietai y to read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Executive Mansion, June 20,1861.
M.y Dear Sir: Since you spoke to me yesterdav about
General J. n.Lan<\ot Kansas, f have been telecting upon
the Mibjoct, and havo concluded that we need the service
of such a man out then? at once; that v/c had better ap-
point liim a brigadier gcnioial of volunteers to-day, andsend
him off with such authority to raise a force ([ thmk two
regiments better than thee, but as to this I am not partic-
ular as jon think will get him into actual woik quickest.
Tell Inm when he staits to put it tlnou<?h—not to be writ-
ing: or t de iaphmg back here, hut put it tbiouuh.
Veins, tuily, A.LINCOLN".
Hon. Secretary- of War.
General Lane nas b(vn authorized to raise two additional
regiments of volunteeis.
SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.
Official copy.
L. TIIOMAS, Adjutant General.
Mr. FOSTER. That letter, I repeat, Mr. Presi-
dent, is the only fact of importance, if that be in-
deed of much importance, over and above the facts
which are set forth in the report of the committee
bearing on this question. That certainly goes to
show that the President intended to make this
appointment, contemplated it beforehand, thought
it was best to do it, and, as we think, from the
evidence coming fiom the War Department on the
same day, did do it. In view, then, of all these
facts, I assert, what 1 do not believe can be suc-
cessfully disputed, thnt on the 20th of June last
the President appointed tiie sitting Senator a brig-
adiei general of voluntceis, that he accepted the
appointment, and thereby vacated his seaton this
floor.
ljut, Mr. President, a question is made m regard
to the power of the President to make such an
appointment. Tiie validity of this whole pro-
cording is, as I undcistand 'it, doubted or denied.
The power of the President to make it is denied;
and of course if there was no power to appoint,
and no appointment, there could be no acceptance.
But it is said that the acceptance has been in-
formal, not in the manner required by the appoint-
ment, and therefore the seat of the member here
has not been affected by any of these proceedings.
As it regards the power of the President to make
the appointment, I suppose it involves the con«
sideration of this question: What was the condi-
tion of the law of the United States on the 20th of
June last in regard to the oflice of brigadier gen-
eral r Could the President at that time under the
law make any appointment? Was there any va-
cancy, or any power in the President to appoint?
In regard to this question, the laws respecting the
office of brigadier general run through a long
period of time, beginning in the year 1791, and
running down to the 3d of March, 1855, prior to
the time of this appointment. There is that period
of time in which there has been legislation by
Congress upon the subject of brigadier generals.
The first act on the subject was the act of the 3d
of March, 1791, and by that act the President of
the United States, at his discretion, was author-
ized, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint a major general, a brigadier
general, a quartermaster, and a chaplain; and that
was the commencement of congressional legisla-
tion—in the thiid session of the First Congress—
on the subject of the appointment of brigadier
generals^n the Army. In the space of seventy
years, the period allotted to human life, tlus
country has gone up from one section of an act,
authorizing in that form of legislation the appoint-
ment of one major general, one brigadier general,
one quartermaster, and one chaplain, to the pres-
ent Army establishment of the United States.
The act of March 28,1792, authorized the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint such number of brigadier gen-
erals as should be conducive to the good of the
public service, provided the whole number should
not exceed four. The act of March 30, 1796, re-
duced the number of brigadier generals to one,
and the act of March 3, 1797, repealed the act of
the preceding year, but left one brigadier general.
The act of May 23, 1798, authorized the Presi-
dent, at his discretion, to raise a provisional army
of ten thousand men, and to accept the services
of volunteers in addition, and to appoint their field
otfieers. Special authoiity m the act was given
to appoint major generals, but no special author-
ity to appoint brigadier generals. The actofFeb-
ruary 24, 1813, authorized the appointment of
six brigadier generals. Theact of March 3,1815,
reduced the number of brigadier generals to four.
The act of March 2, 1821, reduced the number of
brigadier generals to two. Tiie act of June 18,
1846, made an addition of two brigadiei generals,
with a proviso that the number should be reduced
at the termination of the war with Mexico. The
act of March 3, 1847, added three brigadier gen-
erals to the Army of the United States, with a
direction that they should be discharged imme-
diately after the termination of the war with Mex-
ico. Theactof July 19,1848, repealed the proviso
in the act of June 18, 1846, which required a re-
duction of the number at the close of the war with
Mexico, but provided that no vacancies should
be filled until the number should be reduced. The
act of March 3, 1855, authorized the appointment
of one additional brigadier general.
There the legislation on the subject, I think, up
to the 20th of June last, ceased; and the question,
therefore, is upon all these acts, what number of
brigadier generals might then be lawfully in the
service according to the provisions of these acts;*
and I submit, Mr. President, that it is not a per-
fectly clear question. Here are provisoes to acts
directing how the officers shall be got rid of, and
then the proviso itself is repealed, and a new pro-
vision made. Where an actis simple and definite,
prescribing a given number, and excluding any
more, there can be no doubt as to numbers, so far as
legislation is concerned ; but when legislation is of
| this peculiar charactcr, making provisoes and re-
i pealmg provisoes, and makes alterations of pro-
1 visoes, a question may well arise as to the precise
number authorized by law. After officers are by
!! law created,any directions given to the President,
'j as to discharging them fiom the service, may in-
: ttn-fere with his constitutional right to command
1 the Army. The precise effect of such legislation
! may be doubtful. I do notproposo arguing ques-
tions of this character now, because I do not deem
it necessary for the occasion. I would say, how-
ever, that nice questions in respect to the number
