um
TEE-.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let it He
over for a little while.   .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho motion is
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say a word in
explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr.FESSENDEN,(toMr.Rice.) Withdraw
the motion.
Mr. RICE. I withdraw the motion at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not wish to press
this resolution'improperly. It was before the Sen-
ate some time ago, and 1 will state its precise con-
dition. Originally this proposition was contained
in a joint resolution which was referred to the
Committee on tho Judiciary. That committee
recommended the payment of the amount pro-
vided for in this resolution, and it Was passed by
tlie Senate unanimously. The joint lesolution
went to the House of Representatives, and the
Committee on the Judiciary of the liouse decided
against it upon the ground, as I learn from sonie
members of the committee, that they regarded it
as a matter which was properly under the control
of tho Senate. They take the ground that each
House has the control of the compensation of its
members, or at least compensation of this char-
acter. After that action in the House, this reso-
lution was introduced here. The Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who reported the joint
resolution from the Committee on the Judiciary,
opposed it the other day when it was called up;
but in conversation with me he said that he would
see the chairman of the House Committee on the
Judiciary, and if lie agreed to it, he would waive
all objection to the passage of this resolution. I
am anxious that the resolution should pass. 1
believe every Senator agrees that this money ought
to be paid. If the Treasury Department do not
see (it to pay the money under tho resolution, that
will be the end of it. If they pay it, itwill beall
right. I understand the precedents have been
variouson this point. Itwill be loft with theproper
accounting officers of the Treasury. Everybody
admits that tho subject-matter of this resolution is
right and just. If'the Senate, however, does not
wish that the vote should be taken now, 1 will
not press it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better withdraw
it tor a little while.
The FRESl DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the third reading of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the matter
was postponed.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am willing to consent
that it be laid aside for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
taken to lie the sense of the Senate, if there be no
objection.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr.CLARK. I move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
471) to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion,
and for other purposes, to which tbe Senate made
no amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that the Senate in-
sist upon its amendment, and ask for a committee
of'conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to submit, I sup-
pose, a privileged motion. 1 move that the Senate
recede from its amendment.
Mr. CLARK.. On that question I ask for the
yens and nays.
Thi'PRESlDENTpi'olemjjore. The bill is before
the Senate, and the Senator from New Hamp-
slme moves that the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment, disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and ask for a committee of conference. The
Senator from Ohio moves that the Senate recede
fiom us amendment, and that motion takes prior-
ity of a motion to insist. So the question before
the Senate is on tho motion that the Senate recede
from its amendment, to the House bill.
Mi. CLARK. On that question I desire the
yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARIC. 1 simply wish to say I do not
propose to debate it at this stage of the session and
after the long.debate we have had heretofore; but
"1 hope tfae Senate will insist upon its amendment,
and fet it go to a committee of conference and see
if some agreement may not be had.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have butaword to say in
regard to it. This is a radical difference between
the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Many of us desire to see the House bill adopted,
w.hicn would settle the whole controversy. If the
Senate recede from its amendment, as a matter of
course the House bill becomes a law. That bill
has been amply discussed and has been fully con-
sidered in both Houses. The amendment of the
Senate was carried by a very small majority. I
desire to have a confiscation bill passed and have
the controversy ended. The quickest way, and I
think the wisest way, would be to pass the House
bill. If it is sent to a committee of conference, we
know, from the decided vote of the House, that
there will be a disagreement, and we shall have the
question before us again. I think, therefore, we
had better settle it now.
Mr. CLARK. I agree it may be well enough
to settle it, but I hope the Senate will insist on the
amendment. There is a radical difference, and as
I understand the Senator from Ohio to state that if
the Senate recede the House bill becomes a law, I
hope the Senate will not recede.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur entirely with
what the Senator from Ohio has said, and should
be very glad, indeed, if the Senate would recede
from its amendment to this bill. This is a sub-
ject we have had under consideration for a long
time. It has been discussed with a great deal
of warmth and some feeling; but it is sometime
since we have had it before us; we are in a con-
dition now to pass a law, not as efficient as some
of lis desire, but still a law that would be satis-
factory to the great mass of those who favor a
measure of confiscation. This bill has passed the
House with singular unanimity. The Senate bill
had very few votes in the House. A very large
proportion of the Senate are in favor of the House
bill. If the friends of the Senate bill could con-
cede something, and not insist upon that bill, it
seems to mo we might have a law at once, and be
rid of this question.
I do not wish to say anything that shall excite
a reply or lead to another controversy in the Sen-
ate; butitisknowntoevery one here that theSen-
ate amendment was adopted, not by a majority of
those who favor confiscation, because out of the
votes which adopted it in tho Senate there were
only fourteen of those who adopted the Senate
amendment that voted for it as a bill, and that
would not have carried it. I voted for the Senate
bill on its passage, and I shall vote for a committee
of conference if we cannot adopt the House bill,
because I should hope to get something from that.
But in the situation in which wc are now placed,
near the close of the session, I ask the friends of
the Senate bill if they must insist upon that par-
ticular bill. I appeal to our friends around us
here who are in favor of some kind of confiscation,
if they must insist upon that very bill and hazard
everything unless wc get it. I know that some
Senators think there is a radical difference in prin-
ciple in .the two bills. I think all the principle
which is in tho House bill is in the Senate bill also.
I do not think it is as efficient. Some think the
Senate bill more efficient than the House bill, and
Senators have told us so. But now, in the pres-
ent condition of things, it does aeem to me that
those who have insisted on this Senate bill antl
have succeeded in passing it here, not by the vote
of those who preferred it exclusively, but by aid
from others who did not prefer it; and although
the Senate bill passed by a decided majority here
it received the votes of nearly all those who were
friendly to the House bill. We can close this
matter up in afew minutes, and advance the busi-
ness of the session very much by receding, and I
trust that the Senate will recede and that we may
finish at once this troublesome question.
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to say in an-
swer to the question propounded by the Senator
from Illinois, will not the Senate recede, will they
not yield something from the Senate bill, that we
are willing to let it go to a conference, and let it
be adjusted by a committee of the two Houses;
but on the other hand they insist that the House
bill exactly as it is shall be adopted. We are
willing to yield by a committee of conference, if
a committee of conference think we should, but
they are not willing.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to inquire,
if the Senate recede will the House bill be open
to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.- Itwill riot. If
the Senate recede from its amendment, that is the
last action of either House; the House bill be-
comes a law so far as the action of either House
is concerned.
Mr. COLLAMER. It becomes a law, and no
further action can be had upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No further
legislative action can be had upon it by either
House.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask, shall we not have
to take a vote on the House bill afterwards?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
just staled it is final action on the bill. A motion
to recede carries the House bill.
Mr. POWELL. I so understood the Chair,
but I thought probably I was mistaken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the motion to recede.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, How-
ard, King, liunt; of Indiana,Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Sher- -
man. Sumner, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Garble, Clark, Col-
lanier, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Uarns, Henderson, Kennedy, McBousall, Nesmitli, Powell,
Itiee, Simmons, Staik, Ten Eyek, Willey, and Wilson of
Missouti—23.
Mr. CLARK. The question is now on my
motion, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, that the Senate insist on its amend-
ment, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that, with a view of having the Senate
full. There are several Senators who did notan-
swer to their names on the last vote, I perceive,
who would like to have their names recorded.
[" Oh, no."] I know there are several Senators
absent who desire to have their names recorded
on this question. I hope the yeas and nays will
be called, and then they will have an opportunity
to come in.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows;
YEAS~M<>«srs. Anthonv, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Coihmier, Cowan, Dooiitile, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Ilailan, Harris, Henderson, Ilowaid, King,
Lane of Kansas, McDongall, Morrill, Ncsmith, liice, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Kennedy, Lane of In-
diana, Powi-ll, Stark, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilson of
Missouri, and Wright—10.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
this committee of conference be appointed?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the Chair will appoint the com-
mittee.
Messrs. Clark, Harris, and Wright were ap-
pointed the committee on the part of the Senate.
PAY OF AllMY OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill in regard to the grades of the Navy.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 hope the
Senator will allow me to take up the bill which
was laid over yesterday morning.
Mr. HALE. 1 give way.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
383) to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length if required by any member.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
bill will not be read at length. It is not necessary
to take up time in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will be dispensed with unless it be demanded by
a member.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
new sections read.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts will indicate those sections.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Section
twenty-two is the only one on which there can
be any difficulty.
