1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
as soldiers in the defense of the Union and the
Constitution.
Having been thus deprived of obtaining official
information upon these questions, I am obliged to
gather my statistics from such sources as I can.
I shall make no statement that I have not received
from respectable and responsible parties, and none
which I do not conceive to be rather under than
over the true estimate.
The Government is to-day issuing; rations to
about two thousand negroes in this Districtalone,
that cost over twenty cents per ration— §400 per
day, in violation of law, is being paid for this pur-
pose. The Government is hiring in the District
several hundred negroes, some as teamsters and
some for other purposes, to the exclusion of white
laborers, thousands of whom, together with their
wives and children, in our large cities are suffer-
ing for the want of employment. I speak ad-
visedly when I say that the Republican party are
already paying, of tax-gathered money, m this Dis-
trict alone, over three hundred thousand dollars
per annum to buy, clothe, feed, and exalt the Af-
rican race. Thus for the negro you expend more
in a single year in the District of Columbia than
you appropriate for the government and protec-
tion of all the people in all the organized Terri-
tories of the United States. The negro is made
superior, in your legislation, to the pioneer white
men that settle the groat West, and, amid hard-
ships and dangers, lay the foundations of new com-
monwealths; the hardiest and noblest men of our
common country.
So the people are taxed yearly more for the
benefit of the black race in this District alone than
it costs to maintain the burdens of State govern-
ment in either Iowa. Michigan, Minnesota, Wis-
consin, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Con-
necticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware,
or Maryland.
But it is not in this District alone that you re-
quire the people to pay tribute to the idol of your
affections. Wherever you find our Army, with
one or two honorable exceptions, you will find
that hundreds of rations are being issued daily to
unemployed negroes who rendezvous in and about
the camps; wherever the Army is they are being
employed in various capacities at good wages, and
to the utter exclusion of white labor that now lan-
guishes in irksome idleness throughout our coun-
try. I state, therefore, and I think truthfully,
that the Government is already paying $100,000
per day for the support and employment of ne-
groes—paying it, too, out of money raised through
the toil, deprivations, and taxation of our own
kith and kin.
In my district, Mr. Chairman, my constituents
are selling corn at eight cents per bushel in oider
to support their families and maintain the honor
and integrity of our Government. Shall money
thus raised and for such a purpose be diverted to
the entertainment of the African ? Will my peo-
ple, will the people anywhere, indorse the party
and the Administration that thus seek the eleva-
tion of the negro even at the cost of ruin to their
own race?
One might suppose that your ardor in the care
and protection of the negro would stop and cool
here; but no, you go still further. Having made
him your equal as a civilian, you now seek to place
him on the same level with American sailors and
soldiers. First came the order of the Secretary of
the Navy, Mr. Welles, as follows:
Navy Department, AprV .'50. 1S5V2.
Pir: The appioach of the hot and hickly season upon the
southern coast of the United State-* renders it impeuitive
til,in evety piecaution Miould be used by the officeis com-
manding vessels to continue the cxccllent fcmilarv con-
dition ot their crews. The large number of pct^ons known
a-^ eontiabands'1 Hocking to the piotcction <>i the United
Stat'-s flag afruids an oppoitunirv to piondo in every de-
partment of a f-hip, especially loi boat^' crews, acclimated
labor. The flag oflTicer-iare l'equired to obtain the eeivices
of those persons lor me countr) by enlir-tms them freely in
the Navy, with their consent, lating them a.-, boys, at eight,
nine, or ten dollais per month, and one ration. Let a
monthly return be made of the number of this class of pet -
sons employed oil each vessel under your command.
1 am, le^peetfully, jour obedient seivaut,
GIDEON WELLES.
Under the plea of the approach of the sickly
season, Mr. Welles issues this order; under the
same plea the negro may be called into any ser-
vice m the South, though the sickly season, and
the terrible effect it might have upon our Army
and Navy, were not thought of by any Repub-
lican official until recently.
Having made this progressive step in our Navy,
(as my colleague from the Bureau district [Mr.
Lovejoy] would call it,) it remains to be emula-
ted in our Army. Not long does it await an imi-
tator; General D. M. Hunter, commanding in the
military department of South Carolina, Georgia,
and Florida,'issues an order to enroll companies,
regiments, and brigades of negroes in the military
service of the United States.
Thus, in less than two years aftev the accession
to power of the Republican party, the negro is
made, as far as possible, the equal of the white
man as a civilian, a sailor, and a soldier. Nay,
more than this, the Constitution is violated that
white men may be bereft of guarantied rights.
White men are stripped of the armor of American*
citizenship in order that the negro may be clothed
therein. All this has been done against the earn-
est protest of all conservative men. And prop-
ositions and amendments to bills, appropriating
money for the suppression of the rebellion, which
provided that no moneys should be diverted either
to the freeing, the support, or the enlistment of
negroes, have been invariably voted down by the
Republican paity in this House.
Worse than this, even, General Hunter, in his
zeal for the negro, withdraws the protection of
his army from the loyal citizens of Jacksonville,
Florida, in order to perfect his great negro board-
ing house and African military academy at the
mouth of the Savannah river. This is undoubt-
edly in harmony with his brilliant discovery that
African slavery and martial law are incompatible.
Common minds have heretofore considered mar-
tial law and slavery, either for whites or blacks,
ainongthe most concordant institutions upon earth.
This proclamatory commander, who vies m pro-
fundity with the immortal General Phelps, un-
doubtedly considers martial law the very casket
jewel of American liberty.
My mind, Mr. Chairman, revolts at the idea of
degrading the citizen soldiery of my country to
the level of the negro. Sir, the American volun-
teer has always been our reliance in peace, and
our vindication in war. I am opposed, and you
will find the volunteerarmy of the Union opposed,
to the equalization in the ranks of citizens and
slaves. Having made such efforts for the negroes
of the United States, it would seem that your zeal
in their behalf would lag and languish. But, no;
you now go wandering among the islands of the
sea and over the continents of the globe in pur-
suit of negro principalities and republics which
you may recognize among the Powers of the
earth. Hayti and Liberia furnish further matter
for your infatuation to fatten upon, and you at
once proceed to establish diplomatic relations be-
tween the United States and these benighted and
half-made parodies upon human government.
At an annual expense of thousands of dollars,
you propose toreceive negro diplomats from them
and send United States ministers to them; indeed
are you the champions of negro equality, with-
out regard to cost, place, propriety, or dignity.
This Congress has been in session nearly eight
months, and all that I have reviewed you have
done, and more you would do if you could, for
the negro. What have you accomplished for the
white man? Have you provided for the payment
of pensions to the soldiers who have been disabled
while fighting the battles of your country? Have
you appropriated money to relieve the wants and
necessities of the widows and orphans of white
men who have perished upon the battle-fields de-
fending the Constitution and the flag of the coun-
try? Ah, no; your time has been too much en-
grossed with the negro to think of these things.
You have not appropriated one dollar for these
purposes—purposes which should enlist the abil-
ity and the sympathy of every patiiot m the land.
If this statement is incorrect; if this Republican
party or its Administration have ever made a sin-
gle i"ffortm behalf of the maimed soldiers, a single
appropriation for the support of the orphans and
; widows of slain soldiers, I hope some gentleman
! upon the othei side of the House will correct me.
1 There is no response, and I am reassured in the
coriectness of my assertion by your silence. The
alleviation of the sufferings of white men or the
protection of their rights is not in your line of
philanthropy. Like your illustrious prototypes,
Mrs. .Teliaby, of the Bori-bo-la-ga mission, or the
Rev. Aminidab Sleek in the play of the Serious
Family, to the political branch of which you
abolitionists will soon belong, your sympathies
are never active in behalf of practical and genuine
benevolence.
Mr. Chairman, lam opposed to all these sickly
schemes for equalizing-the races. God made the
white man superior to the black, and no legislation
will undo or change the decrees of Heaven. They
are unalterable as the laws of nature, eternal as
divinity itself, and to legislate against them leads
us to infidelity and ruin. Since creation (pawned,
the white race has improved and advanced in the
scale of being, but as the negro was then so he is
now. " But," say the abolitionists, " the African
has been blessed with no opportunity for improve-
ment." Who gave the white man an opportunity?
God in his infinite justice placed the two raccs
upon the earth at the beginning of time to work
out their respective destinies. History has faith-
fully recorded their achievements. To that im-
partial tribunal I confidently appeal for the verifi-
cation of the white man's superiority. As God
made them so have they remained, and unlike the
abolition equalizationists I find no fault and utter
no complaint against the wisdom and justice of
our Creator.
The evils of the attempted equalization of the
races is illustrated by the history of Mexico. That
country was settled by the intelligent Spaniard,
a race not inferior to our own ancestors. They
developed the resources of the country by building
roads, highways, and canals. All along their line
of march the church and the school-house were
crected as landmarks of their progress. But
finally the idea of the equalizing of the races be-
came popular; the attempt was made, the raccs
were commingled, and thenceforward the deterio-
ration of the people was rapid and fearful. This
holds true not only in Mexico and throughout
Central and Southern America, but in all sections
of the globe wherever the white race has com-
mingled with the black or the Indian. This sys-
tem of equalization has failed to elevate the infe-
rior, but has always degraded the superior race.
On the other hand, wherever the purity of the
white race has been preserved, its superiority has
continued, and its development, both mental and
physical, progressed. Neither soil nor climate,
upon this continent or elsewhere, has ever low-
ered the standard of the governing race.
For three quarters of a century the United States
have led the van in all that is great or useful in
inventions. AVe have made an errand boy of the
lightning; we have applied steam as a propelling
power. In a single year we have demonstrated
the frailty of" England's wooden walls " by the
construction of our iron-clad ships of war; and
at the same time, by the same thought, dissipated
all previously entertained opinions of sea-coast
and harbor fortifications. Sir, I am satisfied with
the history of the races as they are, as they
were created, and as our fathers legislated for
them. I claim no originality for these thoughts;
they have been entei tained by some of the ablest
statesmen, not only of our country, but of Eng-
land, among them Mr. Canning, who, when the
British Parliament was considering schemes kin-
dred to those now occupying the attention of the
Republican party in this country, said:
li Tn dealing with the negro, sir, we must lemember that
we are dealing with a being possessing the Jorm and strength
ol a man, but the intellect only of a child. To turn him
loose in the manhood of his physical are gth,in the matu-
rity of his physical passions, but in the infancy of Jus un-
lrivtrueted reason, would be to laise up a creature resem-
bling tue splendid fiction of a recent romance, tiic hero of
which con^-tiuet? a human foim, with all the coipoieal ca-
pabilities of man, and with the thews and sinews ot a giant;
but being unable to impart to the woilc of his hands a per-
cupt ion of i iglit and wiong, be finds too late that he has only
created a moie than mortal power of doing mischief, and
himself iccoils (rom the monstei lie has made."
One of their great statesmen of to-day, Lord
John Russell, whenever he alludes to the black
race in America and to a change of its status, talks
only of very gradual emancipation, because he
knows that sudden and unconditional emancipa-
tion would be destruction to both the negro and
the white man. British statesmen opposed imme-
diate emancipation upon the ground of expediency
alone. American statesmen should oppose it, not
only upon that ground, hut also upon the ground
that the Constitution gives no power to interfere
with the domestic institutions of the several States
—no such power either in peace or in war.
But to reach the goal of their hopes, the aboli-
tionists of this country are willing to override
