1862."
THE .CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3167
The Secretary read section twenty-two, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 22. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the Adjutant General's department, by regular pro-
motion of its present officers, one colonel, two lieutenant
colonels, and nine majors; and that the grade of captain
in said department shall thereafter be abolished, and all va-
cancies occurring in the grade of major shall be filled by
selection from among the captains of the Army.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sim-
ply say, in regard to that section, that the House
of Representatives had expressed a very decided
opinion upon it, put it in the bill, and adhered to
it, and the committee on the part of the House
were exceedingly strenuous about it, and we con-
sented to put it in the bill. I believe nearly every
section of this bill is a proposition to reduce emol-
uments and expenses, and itis a bill that will save
a great deal of money. This is the only section
that adds anything, and it adds but little. We
consented to have it here in this bill, and I hope
the Senate will allow it to go.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the
twenty-second section, and I ask for the yeas and
nays. It is a section which raises all the officers
of the Adjutant General's corps who are now cap-
tains, up to the rank of major.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Grimes, Harlan, Hender-
son, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Powell, Sher-
man, Stark, Trumbull, Wiiley, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark,Coilamer, Doolittle, Fessendeu, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Harris,Howard,King, Morrill,Nesmith, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, and Wilson of Massachusetts—20.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I want the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to state the reason for the fourteenth sec-
tion. It strikes me to bo an unnecessary embar-
rassment upon contractors, altogether needless.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The sec-
tion simply provides:
Sec. 14. ~1nd he it further enacted, That no contract or
oider, or any interest therein, shall be transferred by the
party or parties to whom such contractor order may be given
to any other party or parties, and that any such transfer shall
cause the anniillment of the contract or oider transferred, so
far as the United States are concerned: Provided, That all
rights of action are hereby reserved to the United States tor
any breacli of such contract by the contracting party or
parties.
This section was put in for the purpose of pro-
tecting the United States. There are a class of
professional contractors who manage to get con-
tracts and then sell them out, peddle them about
the country. The object was to encourago real
contractors and discourage this class of men.
These restrictions were put on for the security of
the Government of the United States. I believe
the provision will work well.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that in endeavoring
to protect the Government the committee have gone
altogether too far. If a man comes on here and
takes a contract, I do not see any harm in allow-
ing hint when he gets home to take in one of his
neighbors to help him to perform it. It is often
done, and I do not see the slightest harm in it. I
do not see the policy of making'it illegal. 'Suppose
a bonafule manufacturer comes on here and gets a
contract and takes in as partner a man who has
capital, he himself being the mechanic who does
the work. It seems to me that that, instead of
being a crime, is praiseworthy and should not sub-
ject the party to the annullment of the contract. I
think the provision is wrong; but as the gentle-
men around me, who know so much more than I
do, say it is right, I give up as usual.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading', read the third time, and passed.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF ME. SIMMONS.
Mr. HALE. I move now that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the naval grade bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object to that; I rise to a
privileged question. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered the other day in relation to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. "
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a mo-
tion which wdl take priority of the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire. The Senator from
Indiana moves to postpone all prior orders, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
resolution submitted by him for the expulsion of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know the
state of that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to take up the resolution. According to the
ruling of the Vice President, it requires a motion
to take up even a privileged question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
taken up. I gave notice yesterday that I should
be obliged at twelve o'clock to-day to move that
the Senate proceed to. the consideration of the tariff
bill. It is very necessary to act upon it promptly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana moves to postpone the prior orders,
and proceed to the consideration of the resolution
which has been indicated.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the resolution is not
to be debatedjr-I withdraw my objection, and the
Senator may as well withdraw his call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I hope the resolution may
be taken up, with a view of having it referred. It
is of great importance, and the facts should be in-
vestigated.
The motion of Mr. Wright was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
is before the.Senate, and it will be read atlength.
The Secretary read the resolution which was
submitted on the 2d instant, as follows:
Whereas, by a report made to the Senate of the United
States, by the Secretaiy of War, the Hon. E. M. Stanton,
bearing date June 31,1863, It appears that the Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, James P. Simmons, gave and ex-
ercised hisofllcialinfluence over certain of the heads of the
Departments of our Government in procuring for one C. D.
Schubarth an order dated October 11,1661, authorizing the
said Schubarth, in behalf of the Government, to manufac-
ture for the use of the Army and Navy fifty thousand breech -
loading rifles ; and further, that the said Senator did agree to
receive as a compensation forservices rendered in such pro-
curement the sum of $50,000, and did subsequently accept
two several promissory notes from certain parties in New
York, one payable in Augu.-t and one m September next,
both amounting to $10,0J)0, in payment for procuring said
order: Therefoie,
Resolved, That the said Simmons be, and is
hereby, expelled from the seat in' holds in this Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope it will not be referred.
I ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Uollamer,Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hairis, Howard, Ilovve, Kennedy,
Lane oi Kansas, McDougall, Mori ill, Itice, Sherman, Stark,
Sumner, *i*.-n Eyck, Wilkinson, Willey, Wihnot, Wilson
of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Foster, Henderson, King, Nesmith,
Powell, Trumbull, and Wright—7.
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
393) making further appropriations for sundry
civil expenses oftheGovernmentforthe year end-
ing 30th of June, 18G3, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending 30th of June, 1862, in-
sisted on by the Senate, and upon its amendment
to the eighth amendment of the Senate to the said
bill disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. J. H. Campbell of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Edward IIaight of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 342) for the establishment of certain
national arsenals;
A bill (No. 352) to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Maj-
esty for the suppression of the African slave trade;
and
A bill (No. 371) for the relief of Fanny Mactier
Smith.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the folio wing bills; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 537) to secure one month's pay and
pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of George B.
Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth regiment
of Virginia volunteers; and
A bill (No. 554) relating to trust funds of sev-
eral Indian tribes invested by the Government in
certain State bonds abstracted from the custody
of the late Secretary of the Interior.
TARIFF BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
twelve o'clock having arrived, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, as a'special order, is now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the tariff
bill.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to make any ar-
gument. I will simply say that I shall vote against
the motion, because 1 think the Navy grade bill
ought to pass, and ought not to give way to any-
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that this
bill is a very long one, and it is necessary to act
on it to-day. It must go back to the House of
Representatives, andfinally go to a committee of
conference. If we lose to-day, it may delay the
Senate very much.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine to
postpone the special and all prior orders, with a
view to proceed to the consideration of the tariff
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind the Senator
from Maine that we have not had the advantage
of reading this bill. It has been laid on our tables
for the first time this morning. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill without the
amendments has been on the table before, and the
amendments are easily understood.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not had an opportu-
nity to look at it.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill (H. R. No. 531) in-
creasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length, with the amendments reported
by the Committee on Finance. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from Maine whether each
section shall not be considered by itself as the
reading of the bill progresses, pursuing the same
course with this as was pursued with the tax bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is agreeable to the
Senate, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection. The
first section will be read.
The Secretory read the first section, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimericain Congress assembled, That
from and after the 1st day or August, A. D. 1863, in lieu of
the duties. heietofore imposed by law on the articles here-
inafter mentioned theie shall be levied, collected, and paid,
on the Goods, waie--, and morchandi.-e herein enumerated
and ptovided for, impoited from foreign countries, the fol-
lowing duties and tatoa of duty, that i< to say : on sirup of
sugar, oi of sugar eane, or eom-entiated molasses, or con-
centrated melado., 2 cents per pound ; on all t-ugai not above
No. 12, Dutch standard in colot,2£ cents pei pound ; on ail
«ugar above No. 12, and not above No. 15, Dut'Mi standatd
in color, 3 cents per pound ; on all sugar above No 15, not
stove-dued, and not above No. 20, Dutch standaul in color,
4 cents per pound ; on all icfinod sugar in form ot loaf, lump,
crushed, powdeied, pulverized, or granulated, and all other
sugar above No. 20, Dutch standard m color, 5 cents per
pound: Provided, That the standatd* by which the <5oloi and
grades of sugars aie to be legulated shall be selected and
furnished to the collectois of such pons of eutiy as may be
necessary, by the Secretary of the Treasury, ftom tune to
time and m such manner as he may deem expedient; on
sugar candy, not coloied, 6 cents per pound; on all other
confectionety, made wholly oi m pait of sugar, and on fcu-
gais. after being lefiued, when tinctured, colored, oi in any
way adulterated, 10 cenU per pound; on molasses, 6 cents
per gallon: Provided, That all snupsof sugar or sugarcane,
concentiatcd molasses, oi eoncenhated melado, entered un-
der the name of mola-ses, oi any other name than biiupof
sugar, or of sugar cane, concentrated molas.ses.. or concen-
trated melado, shall be liable to foifeiture to the United
States, and the same shall be forfeited; on cigars of all
kinds, valued at $5 or less per thousand, 35 cents per pound ;
valued at over $5 and not over $10 per thousand, 60 cents
per pound; valued at over $10 and not over $21) per thou-
sand, 80 cents per pound ; valued at over }£20 per thousand,
§1 pefjfound ; and in addition thereto on ail cigars valued at
over $10 per thousand, 10 per cent, ad vatoiem: Provided,
That paper cigars, or cigaiettes, including wrappers, shall
be subject to the same duties imposed on cigar;.; on snuff,
35 cents per pound; on tobacco, m leaf, unmanufactured
and not stemmed. 25 cent5* per pound; on stemmed, and to-
bacco manufactured, of all descriptions, not othei wise pro-
vided for, 35 cents per pound.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
