1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
that he should exercise it, and indeed desirous
that he shall do so when it is necessary for the
public service. Therefore, sir, we have reported
it in this form. The Senate can take its own ac-
tion in regard to it.
Mr. HALE. The very bill of which the Sen-
ator speaks, if I recollect aright, related to the vol-
unteer corps, and it was manifestly proper to give
the President the authority there, because he had
it not without such a provision. Those officers
are commissioned by the Governors of the several
States, and whenever an officer in the volunteers
is proved to be incompetent, he havinga commis-
sion from his State, it is proper that the Depart-
ment should not be under the necessity of writing
home to the Governor to get him dismissed. There
was a necessity, therefore, for giving the Presi-
dent that power in regard to the volunteers; but I
think it would be unwise to put in any such pro-
vision in regard to the regular Army. I know that
this power was exercised. 1 remember years and
years after I first came to Congress there was a
colonel in the Army hanging about Congress who
had been dismissed by General Jackson by his
simple word. The cause of hisdismission was one
that I think was highly creditable to General
Jackson. He dismissed him for illegally punish-
ing a soldier. The general did not stop for a court-
martial, but dismissed him at once. That man was
around Congress here for years and years after I
came to Congress, to get redress. Jackson dis-
missed young men from the Navy for being en-
gaged in duels. It has been a power exercised
from the beginning of the Government down to
this time, and it was never questioned until the
late Senator from Mississippi, Jefferson Davis,
did it. Notwithstanding the commissions say on
the face of them that the officer is to hold during
the pleasure of the President, the question was
then raised; and it seems to me, to pass this pro-
vision now, would be, by implication at least, to
cast a censure upon the Presidents who have gone
before, and exercised the power at their pleasure.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I received
some time ago a letter from a detective giving an
account of the conduct of a person in the service
of the country, not in the Army, but one of our
paymasters that we have appointed for the pay-
ment of the volunteer force, stating how he spent
his days and nights, and warning us that we should
have a defalcation. I placed that letter in the
hands of the late Secretary of War. He said that
they would immediately remove liini and eiase his
name from the list. I supposed it was done. A
few days ago I saw that man on the street with
his uniform on. I made some inquiries about it,
and I learned that they had a little doubt about the
power of dismissing him as lie was not in the regu-
lar scrvice, but was brought in under the law tor
the payment of volunteeis. I was told by the
Secretary of War that if Congress passed such an
act as this applying to that force, there would be
no trouble in exercising the power. I believe my-
self that they have got it; I have no doubt of it;
and I wish they would exercise it. I think they
have a little doubt 011 that subject, and if there be
any doubt upon it they ought to be clothed with
the power expressly. If the Senate tlnnk there
is no question about it, that it is unnecessary legis-
lation, and that is so decided and so understood,
there is no trouble about it
Mr. NESMITI-I. This resolution never was
properly before the Military Committee. It is
true, that the chairman, as he stated when he of-
fered the resolution, had the authority of the com-
mittee to offer it. I know he presented it to me,
and I stated that I had not time to make an exam-
ination of it, but I would consent that the resolu-
tion should be offered, reserving the right to vote
as I pleased, not committing myself upon the ac-
tion that should be taken m the Senate in regard
to it. Since that time I have had no opportunity of
carefully examining the resolution. It was sub-
mitted to me 111 manuscript, before H was printed,
when I could not examine it. I think it should
receive the attention of the commute*. and I there-
fore, without intending any discourtesy to the
chairman of the committee, move it* reference back
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
25D, being an act making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863. It is
a short bill, and I think we can pass it in a few
minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill was reported
from the Committee on Finance without amend-
ment; but I find that there is one amendment
which ought to be made. I perceive, on exam-
ination, that the appropriation contained in the
twenty-first and twenty-second lines of the first
section of this bill has already been made in an-
other bill. I therefore move to strike out those
lines which are in these words:
Foi paper for blanks, $50,000.
Foi printing blanks, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have some amendments
which I am directed to move to this bill by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The first one is, in line twenty-six, to strike out
" $50,000," and insert " §75,000." This is an
appropriation " for mail depredations and special
agents." The Department estimated for this ser-
vice $75,000, and the House of Representatives
reduced it to $50,000. The House do not seem to
have taken into consideration the great use which
is now being made of the special agents of the
Department in the renewal of the mail service in
the States where it has been suspended, as our
armies go on. The setting up of those mails is
done entirely by these agents. They hunt up the
old mail bags, get the locks and keys, reclaim
the property belonging to the Department, as the
armies go South, and reestablish the mails and
put them in operation. The estimate of $75,000
should not have been reduced, and probably
should have been increased. All I ask now,
however, is that this appropriation be restored to
$75,000, instead of $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. At the end of section one,
I move to insert:
Foi compensation of twenty-five additional clerks in the
Po-t Office Depaitment, under the act "to piomote the
efficiency of the dead letter office," approved January 21,
lfc'fiQ. from the date of then appointment to the 30th of June,
1863, $8,000.
During this session, and after the estimates
were sent in, an act was passed to authorize the
appointment of twenty-five additional clerks in the
dead letter office, and an appropriation was made
in the bill for their payment for the next fiscal
year; but there is no provision for their payment
from the time of their appointment up to the 30th
of June next. I move this amendment for the
purpose of covering that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to insert at the
end of the bill, as an additional section:
 lnd he it further enacted, That all act-- and parts of acts
heretofore passed lequinng the Postmaster Geneial, in caus-
ing the transposition of mails bvs-tcamMnps between the
United Suto and any foieign poit 01 poit^, or between any
ports of the United States touching at a loieign port, t-hall
siive prefeirncc to Amei ican ovei foreign steamships, when
depaiuag from the bame poit lor the same do-imauon,
within thiec days of each other, he, ami the same aie hereby,
icpealed
A law passed four or five years ago, and after-
wards renewed in another act, provided thatwhen
sending mails by steamships abroad, the post-
master of the place shall give the preference to an
American steamer, if she is going within three
days utter a foreign vessel that is ready to go.
The Department think that is an unwise provision.
We pa)' to American vessels a little moie than to
foreign ships, because to American ships we give
both the inland and ocean postage, and we only
give ocean postage to the foreign ships. It is no
particular advantage to the nation; it costs us
mote for the American vessels. What has been
the result of this? Dispatch is all important al-
ways with postal operations. To sutler news,
information of any kind, to go ahead of your
public mails, is to destroy your mails. If there
is a foreign vessel ready to rcceive the mail, going
across the Atlantic, and you can put the nuul on
board her, and you will not, but keen it for an
Amei ican ship that is going three days after wards,
all the private letters will be sent by the ioreign
ship, and anticipate and destroy your public mails.
I have a very full report of Mr. Holt on this sub-
ject, which is concurred in by the present Post-
master General, disapproving of this arrange-
ment as decidedly injurious to the service, and
desiring that these provisions of law may be re-
pealed. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have nothing further
from the committee myself, but other gentlemea
have.
Mr. LATHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
one or two amendments. I offer the following as
an additional section:
•And be it further enactcd, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish a coast mail,
not Jesw than semi-month!v. by steam vessels, between San
Francisco and Crescent City, in the State of California, in-
cluding service at the intermediate ports: Provided, That
the sum to be paid for such service shall not exceed the
sum of $25,000 per annum.
In relation to this amendment I will make a
brief explanation. There are three ports including
Crescent City to be supplied with mail matter, ana
a population ranging between thirty-five andfifty
thousand people that have now no mail facilities
whatever, especially during the winter season.
The steamships which run from San Francisco to
Oregon do not go into these ports at all; and the
object of this amendment is to enable the Post-
master General to contract for the lowest possible
sum that he can, to induce the steamship compa-
nies to touch at these ports and supply them with
ma^facilities. The reason of the vessels notgoing
in there, I will state is simply that the navigation
of the entrance to these harbors is dangerous, and
the vessels are unwilling to go in unless they have
some special purpose, such as would be the case
if they were compelled to deliver the mails. I will
state also to the Senate, that these ports are sepa-
rated, as it were, from the rest of the State by a
chain of mountains which is almost impassable
and has been entirely so during the past season.
It is sometimes so for five or six months of the
year. The object of this provision is simply to
allow the Postmaster General to contract for the
delivery of the mail at these points, in order that
this portion of our population may not be deprived
of the same facilities that other portions of the
State have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether this is recommended by the Post Office
Committee or simply comes from the Senator?
Mr. LATHAM. It is recommended by the
Post Office Committee. I will state to the honor-
able chairman of the Finance Committee, that I
have conversed with the Postmaster General, and
he is desirous that such an amendment shall be
put here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about the
sum. I have observed that when a certain sum
is appropriated, it is pretty apt to be used up. I
should like to know if the committee has been
economical in its calculations, and on what data
the calculations have been made. I do not think
this the proper place for it. It should be put on
the post route bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that I fixed the
sum at the wish of the Postmaster General. He
has made inquiries, and he will probably get it
done for less, but I am not prepared so to state.
Mr FESSENDEN. Is it left to his discretion?
Mr. LATHAM. Entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read once more.
The Secretaiy read the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. It is entirely within the dis-
cretion of the Postmaster General.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Chairis of opinion
that it is m order, I have nothing to say aboutit.
1 do not feel inclined to object to anything that is
reasonable to the State of California, after the
manner in which she has paid her quota of ex-
penses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
see why it is not in order. It is reported by a com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I am also instructed by the
committee to move, as additional sections to the
bill, the following:
Aiull e it fuithcr enacted, That all American steamers and
sailing v< bound fiom any port in the United to
an\ loioign poit, thall, before clearance at the custom-
house, receive such mails as the Post Office Dep.u uneut
shall cause to be placed on board, and fliaH promptly de~
