2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
expediency, the law, and the Constitution—to de-
stroy the Go vcrnmen t itself, in order to emancipate
at once all the slaves of the South.
My colleague [Mr. Lovejoy] says two thirds
or three fourths of the Array are abolitionists.
This may be true, but upon the new constitution
for the State of Illinois, which contains a pro-
vision to exclude negroes from locating within the
State, the soldiers do not vote like abolitionists.
E!even^)f our regiments have already voted upon
the adoption of that constitution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. How did they vote ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Sixty-three votes were
given against it, and all the rest—some several
thousand—were given for it.
Throughout the State of Illinois abolitionists
are opposing this constitution, and Democrats and
conservative men are advocating its adoption.
Four fifths, and perhaps nine tenths, of all the
men that entry muskets and knapsacks in the
army of the West are opposed to the doctrines of
negro equality and abolition, as preached by the
fendeman from the Bureau district of Illinois,
lo is a man of great boldness, apparently, and I
must do him'the justice to say that he advocates
abolition and its consequences with great fearless-
ness, though he is too discreet to make as strong
speeches in southern Illinois as he does at Chi-
cago. lie and several ether gentlemen of kindred
opinions favored me by canvassing through my
district during the last campaign that 1 made for
Congress, and it. gives me great pleasure to state
that they were quite moderate.
A Voice. Didn't ihey give you votes?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir, they were
like the boy whom the minister of the Gospel
found fishing on Sunday. Said he, " My boy,
you are very wicked, you ought not to be sport-
ing upon the Sabbath." " Oh," said the boy,
"I ain't doing no hurt, and ain't wicked, for 1
haven't caught a single fish." [Laughter.] So it
was with my abolition friends when they sported
in my district; they were not very wicked for
they caught no fish. [Laughter.]
Sir, I will not digress, but return to the consid-
eration of the .solemn responsibilities that arc rust-
ing upon us. Our country is menaced by seces-
sionists in arms, rebels, upon one hand, and by
abolitionists, nullifiers of the laws and the Con-
stitution, upon the other. Sir, I propose bayonets
for tho'former, ballots for the latter. These two
classes disposed of, and there wiil be a return lo the
prosperity, the peace and happiness of the earlier
days of the Republic. Sir, these armies were
raided to execute the laws and maintain the author-
ity of the Constitution in all the States. They are,
sir, to suppress armed violators of that instru-
ment. And, sir, it remains for the people at the
ballot-box to suppress these northern violators of
the Constitution, if they would preserve the rights
and liberties of American freemen.
For one, wherever I am called, and whenever,
1 shall be always ready to discharge my portion
of this duty. Neither the cry of disloyalty nor the
charge of sympathy with the rebels, whether it
emanates fiom usurpers of the people's rights in
high places, or from the base plunderers of the
Government, who make the negro a hobby-horse
upon which they ude to enormous and extortion-
ate contracts—neither, sir, shall deter me from the
full and complete fulfillment of my duty as a Rep-
resentative. I denounce here—and no one shall
gainsay my right to do so as the Representative
of a gallant and loyal people—the action of this
Congress and of the several Departments upon
the negro question. I denounce it as having neu-
tralized to a gi eat extent the effect of many of the
hard-earned victories which our soldieis have
fought and won for " the Constitution as it is, and
the Union as it was." This, sir, is what life and
happiness have been periled for in the loyal States;
for this I now address you; for this, upon this is-
sue, I shall go before the people of myState duiing
the coming fall; for this, sir, I shall' expect there
to speak, to act, and to vote; for this, sir, 1 expect
that extreme men, abolitionists and disumomsts,
will be banished from the councils of the nation.
This great woik accomplished, grim-visaged
war will smooth his wrinkled front. The dm of
arms will be lost in the hum of contented indus-
try and the hymn of domestic endearment. The
Constitution as it is, will stand sublimely forth an
enduiing monument to the wisdom of our fathers;
the States restored, like stars that have wandered!
to their original places in 14 the Union as it was;"
our people once more on the highway of nations
and on the march towards the fulfillment of that
grand destiny which God has assigned to them.
All these things I hope for, all these things I shall
realize, unless the people arc again deceived by
abolition under some new name. Under the name
of Republican abolition can do no more harm; in
that character its role is ended. It will next appear
in a new dresfc. Already its leaders are calling
loudly for the formation of a so-called Union party
—this is indeed an attempt to steal the livery of
heaven in which to serve the devil. Let the people,
being forewarned, be forearmed against the next
appearance of abolition. Trust no such affiliations,
for one more success of the abolition party, under
whatever name it may assume, and our nation-
ality is lost forever, and the wreck of our Repub-
lic will strew the pathway of nations with those
of Greece and Rome. From the contemplation of
such a future I turn in honor—upon such scenes,
Mr. Chairman, I trust my eyes may never rest,
over such results never weep.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 423,
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th of June, 1863; and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that all
debate on House bill No. 423 shall close within
one minute after its consideration shall have been
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasii-
burxe in the chair,) and lesumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 423) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1863; on which debate was closed
within one minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
this bill is almost identical in form with one
passed by the House heretofore, which was de-
feated in the Senate for the purpose of delaying
action until the Navy Department might send in
subsequent estimates. We are all aware that in
this transition state of the country recommenda-
tions of the Departments may become obsolete
within a week. Some few alterations have been
found necessary, as was supposed. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have some few amend-
ments to offer. I think there will be no disposi-
tion to debate the bill, except perhaps where new
matter may be offered.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend, in the
fifty-first line, by adding, after the words " pay
to judges advocate," the words " pay to lithog-
rapher."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. T move to amend,
in the fifty-eighth line of the first section, by strik-
ing out " $4,800,000," and inserting in lieu thereof
$3,000,000;" so that it will read:
For the charter of vessels, stores, extra laboiers, and pur-
chase of additional steam veasels, $3,000,($0.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr, SEDGWICK. I move to amend by add-
! ing, after line sixty-nine, the following:
i For pay of lithographer for the vear ending June, 1862,
j $3J0.
I The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by add-
] ing, at the end of line ninety-three, the following
■ proviso:
| Pionded, The same can he fully completed for that sum.
No part of the money hereby appropriated shall be expended
until it is latiaihctoiiiy ascertained that the said buildings
i can be completed therewith.
So that it will read:
For completing icpairs of Charlcstown barracks,
§10.458 97: Prondcd. &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. Imovetoamend,
in lines one hundred and one and one hundred and
two, by striking out the words " furniture for offi-
cers'quarters." I understand that that is new
matter, never introduced into a bill of this kind till
last year. If that fact be so, this is a good year
to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is it not necessary to
reduce the appropriation?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is not: for,
unless the appropriation for the purpose be au-
thorized, no money can be paid for it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line one hundred
and thirteen:
For Futtnck's saw-mill. $10,000: Provided, That the
patentee shall not leceive more than ten percent, on the
cost of the afotesaid mill for the patent—not exceeding
$1,(100.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to have this
saw-mill business explained.
Mr. SEDGWICK. This appropriation for the
Portsmouth yard, and also one for the New York
yard, were in the original bill. It was introduced
by the Committee of Ways and Means, but was
struck out because the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was not prepared to say
that it was necessary. However, on subsequent
inquiry at the Bureau of Docks and Yards, it was
ascertained that these mills are necessary for saw-
ing irregular forms, and that they save a very
large amount of hand labor, by which such work
was formerly done. The judgment of the chief
of the bureau was most decided that it was a great
saving of expense to have these mills in opera-
tion. Therefore, the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Naval Committee unite in recom-
mending the restoration of these two items—one
for Portsmouth and the other for New York.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Are these mills, now in
operation ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are in some of the
yards.
j Mr. WICKLIFFE. They are patented, I un-
: dcrstand.
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are patented.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And this is to buy the
patent riaht?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir; it is to authorize
the erection and use of these mills, limiting the
pay to the patentee to ten per cent, on the cost,
and not to exceed $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to add
that the probable cost of these mills is five or six
thousand dollars each. They are said to be ex-
tremely useful in saving labor and timber. The
Government has had one in use for some time,
and has not paid to the patentee any remuneration
at all, as I understand it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Can the gentleman in-
form me what the patentee charges to a private
individual for this right?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know of only
one man in the whole country who has builtone.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And what did he pay?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot tell.
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee rose informally, and
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 240) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in primary schools through-
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of the cities of
Washington and Geoigetown;
An act (S. No. 2T1) prescribing the qualifica-
tion of electors in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the Distnct of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 304) to authorize the appoint-
ment of medical storekeepers and chaplains of
hospitals;
An act (S. No. 222) to provide for the codifica-
tion and revision of the laws of theJDistrict of
Columbia;
Joint resolution (S. No. 67) in relation to the
