THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1862.
New Series No. 139.
claim of Marshall 0. Roberts for the loss of the
steamer Star of the West;
An act (H. R. No. 446) supplementary to an
act approved on the 13th of July, 1861, entitled,
" An act to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes;"
An act (H, R. No. 388) making appropriations
to reimburse the contingent fund of the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, including compen-
sation of additional clerks who may be employed
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and for temporary clerks for the current fiscal
year and for the year ending June 30, 1863, and
to provide for the employment of additional clerks
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St.
Louis; and
An act. (H. R. No. 125) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session and continued the
the consideration of the
NAVAL APPROXIMATION BILL.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offerthe following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and twenty-
three:
For the purchase of l.md and wharf adjoining the navy-
yard at Charlo-town, Mn^nehusetts, owned by Oakman St
Eidrid«e, extending from Chailes rivci toVViitei street, and
containing about one hundred and twenty thousand square
feet, §323,000.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs whether this matter
came before his committee on ti requisition from
the Navy Department? The appropriations for
these naval establishments are certainly immense.
Mr. SEDGWICK. This addition to the
Charlestown navy-yard has been the subject of
negotiation between the Department and the own-
ers of the land for several years. Those who will
take the trouble to look at the map that T have
here, will see that this navy-yard has a very nar-
row frontage on the water. We have not been
able to launch our vessels over the public land, but
have been compelled to use the land now pro-
posed to be purchased. The Department and the
owners differed on the subject of price—the own-
ers asking $150,000, and the Department offering
$120,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to buy the whole of this tract of land or only
a part of it ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The whole of it. We can-
not buy the corner, which is absolutely neeessaiy,
unless we buy all from the river to the street.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that this is
like the Sybil's books: the longer we delay the
more we have to pay for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this in pursuance of the
wish of the Navy Department?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes; it is recommended by
the Department. There is a letter here from the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, recom-
mending Us purchase for $123,000, which is the
amount proposed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will state, in regard to
this piece of land, that I made a visit to the Charles-
town yaid while at Boston last summer, and I con-
sider it indispensably necessary that they should
have this piece of land if it can he obtained at a
reasonable price, and it seems that negotiations
have been going on for some time in reference to
the purchase; that the owners of the land have held
it at the price of §150,000; that the Government
has made a standing offer of $120,000, and I sup-
pose, therefore, that the sum of $123,000 is not an
unreasonable one.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether this would be a fair price for the land if
sold to private parties,
Mr. MOORHEAD. I understand that it would.
I am told that it is not a greater price than is paid
for other property by private parties in the neigh-
borhood .
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood the gentleman
from New York to say that there was a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy befoie the Committee
139
on Naval Affairs in reference to this matter. If
so, I ask that it may be read.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I said there was a letter
on the subject from the Bureau of Yards and
Docks.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that it may be read.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The following
is the letter referred to by the gentleman from New
York:
Bureau of Yards a.nd Dorics, May 17, 1862.
Sir: In consideration of the use of* the Oak man & Eld-
ridge premise*, by the Government, and the railioad to con-
nect with the yard, I am willing to increase the amount of
the puiehiwe to $123,000, if you will obtain from the Com-
mittee of VVajs and Mean* its support, to he incited in the
bilf making appiopiiauon-s for the Navy.
I hope th i-  may be done, a& the Government requires
these premises.
I am, vmy respectfully, vour obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH.
Hon. A. II. IticEj
House of ltepie!>entativcSf Washington, D* C.
The amendment was agieed to. •
Mr. SEDGWICK. I now move the same
amendment in reference to Futtock saw-mills for
the Boston yard that was proposed for the Ports-
mouth yard, with the same proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to strike out " offi-
cers' houses" and increase the appropriation to
$335,332, in the following clause of the bill:
Neu' Yoik:
For dirdunur channels,building and lopairinjr scows, ofii-
ceis' hou«.ug, rebuilding long dock,lep.ur.s to -.hip houses,
addition to otiiee building, quay walls, extension of sewer,
yatd (iiiuna e, boilei-hou>e, loundeiy shed, machinery lor
machine bhop, loundeiy, bndei --hop and '-inuherj , i epairs
of maehmeiy, boilers, extension of snmheiy, repaid ot en-
gines in machine ^hop, lepiurs and mciea-e of oidnanee
machinery and shops, and iep>ui> of all kinds, $852,U83.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEHMAN moved to amend the clause,
making appropriations for the Philadelphia navy-
yaid, by adding-, as follows:
For the purchase of the land adjoining the present navy-
yard on the *outh side $110,000.
Mr. V. A. CONKLING. T wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this appro-
priation is recommended by the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. LEIIMAN. I will state to the gentleman
from New Yot k that for a number of years the
purchase of thisland on the south side of this yard
has been considered indispensable. The Depart-
ment have repeatedly recommended it to Con-
gress. The present ofHeeisof the Government
connected with the navy-yard have agreed with
the owners of the land as to the price to be paid
for it.
The matter has been before the Naval«Commit-
tee,and Ibelicvchasmetthoirapprobation. There
was some scheme before the committee for remov-
ing the navy-yard at Philadelphia to an island in
the river which I believe prevented the icporting
of this appiopriation by the chairman of that
committee.
I will state further that the extent of river front
connected with the Philadelphia yard is entirely
inadequate to the demands of the Government.
What was stated in reference to the Portsmouth
navy-yard in this respect is in constant practice
here. The Government is absolutely compelled
to use this land on the south side of the yard, the
rental of which vastly exceeds the interest upon
the appropriation which is required to purchase
the land.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Does the Govern-
ment occupy the same land which it is proposed
to purchase ?
Mr. LEHMAN. The same land.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. What is the rental
paid ?
Mr. LEHMAN. I think some forty-five hun-
dred dollars is paid as rental for the land. Ihe
Government is also compelled to rent at $1,800
two houses, which cost perhaps four or five thou- \
sand dollars. I cannot tell what is the precise (
amount paid. It is certainly much larger than i
the interest on the amount which will be required 1
to purchase die land. 1
X will state that the river front of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard is much less than the waterfront
of most of the principal navy-yards of the'United
States. I hesitate to state the length of this water
front, for it would not be credited; but it is en-
tirely inadequate to the demands of this yard.
The Government has been paying rent for this
ground for a number of years. This purchase
has received the approbation of every Adminis-
tration ns far back as I can recollect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. The subject was not before the Committee
of Ways and Means at all. The Department has
not asked for the purchase of this land, and at a
time when there is a revolution going on in the
constiuction of war vcssls, it is possible wc shall
construct all our vessels of war hereafter of iron,
and it is hardly good policy at this time, under
these circumstances, to provide for extending our
present navy-vards, which may in a short time
become useless for the purposes for which they
have been heretofore used. I trust, therefore, that
at this time when the expenses of the Government
for objects called for by the Departments are large
enough in all conscience, that no unasked-for and
unnecessary expenditures for navy-yards will be
made.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to say a word to my
friend from Vermont. I was in the navy-yard at
Philadelphia on last Thursday, and I will say for
his information that they have every facility at
that yard for building it on vessels. They are now
putting the iron sheathing upon vessels at that
yard. The ironsides is now being completed
there. I saw the wotkmen so crowded upon her
that they had haidly room to woik.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not desire
to interrupt the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but
I suppose it is best that this debate should not
proceed upon this bill except in order, and I do
nor understand that there is any debatable ques-
tion now before the committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. For the purpose of say-
ing a word upon this subject, I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the appropriation
#109,000.
I regret exceedingly that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania who had this matter specially in
charge on the Naval Committee is notm his seat.
1 am upon that committee, but supposing my col-
league would be present, I am not as well posted
upon the subject as I should otherwise have been.
Mr. F. A.'CONKLING. Will the gentleman
state whether this subject has been before the
Committee on Naval Affairs at all or not?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, sir; it has.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. At what time?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Some two or three times,
as the chairman of the committee will remember,
when platw or diagrams of the. ground were exhib-
ited to the members of the committee.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman say what dis-
posal the Naval Committee made of the subject?
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair must remind
gentlemen that it is not in order to refer to what
took place m committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 hope I shall be allowed
to answer the gentleman that the committee did
not definitely act upon it. I wish, before I take
my scat, to call the attention of the House to one
matter of some importance in deciding the prop-
osition. I ask their attention to the comparative
quantity ofground embraced in the principal navy-
yards on the Atlantic coast. That at Portsmouth
contains sixty-thiee acres and live-eighths; that
at Boston eighty acres and tlnee quarters, and we
have just agreed to an amendment enlarging it;
that at New York one hundred and ninety-two
acres; while the Philadelphia navy-yard has only
fifteen acres and three eighths.
Now, sir, notwithstanding the limited space
occupied by the Philadelphia navy-yard, a very
large amount of work is done there. They have
launched some of the largest vessels ever con-
structed by the Government at that yard. My
friend objccts to this appropriation on the ground
