1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and has vacated his seat here. The House of
Representatives, in 1802, after a few words "from
Mr. Randolph, saying that, to show thattheHouse
would be above all suspicion of the shadow of
executive influence,they had better put their names
on the record, voted unanimously on the yeas and
nays in the case of Major Van Ness that his ac-
cepting the office of major of militia vacated his
seat. I know not what may be the views of the
Senate; I have not heard a member of the Senate
express his views, except those in committee-,
how their views may be on the question I know
not. I have presented my own views and the
views of the committee, so far as they are em-
bodied in the report to the Senate', and I submit
that the first resolution, which is that the sitting
member is not entitled to his seat, clearly ought
to pass.
The second resolution, to wit, that the con-
testant, Mr. Stanton, is entitled to the scat, I do
not understand to be questioned, provided the first
is passed. If the first is rejected, of course the
second must be, for Kansas, as I have before had
occasion to remark, cannot be entitled to three
Senators.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, it is no part
of my purpose to enter into on argument on the
question now pending; but as the Committee on
the Judiciary were divided upon the question,
standing four to three, and as 1 happen to be one
of the minority of that committee, it is due to
justice 
Mr. FOSTER. With the leave of the Senator
from New York, I wish merely, not bv any means,
of course, to cast liny doubt or question on the
correctness of the Senator from New York; but
as it has been sometimes a matter of doubt—1 have
heard it doubted here atleast—whether what takes
place m committee is proper to be alluded to here,
I wish the opinion of the Chair whether, as a mat-
ter of order, it be proper for us thus to state nu-
merically how our committees are divided on any
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) I hope the Senator will excuse the
Chair from expressing any opinion on that point.
The occupant of the chair, temporarily, is not
familiar with the rules of the Senate. In the House
of Representatives, I believe, it is not within the
rules to speak of the doings of a committee, or
anything that occurred in a committee. I cannot
speak of the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. As there is no report of the
minority, I felt called upon to state the views of
that minority on this occasion. I suppose, if the
minority had made a written report, as the ma-
jority had seen fit to do, it would have appeared
on the face of the report itself how the committee
stood. I had no intention of violating any rule
of the Senate, or any rule of order, with reference
to this subject. I was only casually stating how
the committee stood on the question. I desire to
state that I was one of the minority; and under
these circumstances that I feel called upon to state
the views of that minority. If a written report
had been made by them, 1 should have contented
myself by simply voting on the question.
Mr. FOSTER. I suppose, Mr. President, that
we can have but one report from a committee;
that a minority cannot report to the Senate. That
has been a question somewhat discussed here,
and I believe the decision uniformly has been
that there can be but one report from a commit-
tee. If there is anythingadditional, there may be
views of other persons; but there can be but one
report.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly the minority of the
committee may be allowed in some form to dis-
sent from the conclusions of the majority, and
whether it be called a report or dissent, is a ques-
tion which I do not propose to discuss, nor do I
deem it worth while to consider it. I do not care
whether the Senator from Connecticut call it a
report, or a dissent from his leport.
The ground on which the minority of the com-
mittee place their conclusion is this: it is provided
in the Constitution that no person holding any
office under the United States shall have a seat in
this body. That is the only provision in the Con-
stitution applicable to this question. No person
holding any office under the United States shall
have a seat in this body. If a Senator accepts an
office after he has been elected a Senator, that office
being incompatible with his right to a seat in this
body, he thereby, ipso facto, per $e vacates his seat
as a Senator; and it is only in that way that the
seat of the Senator from Kansas can be contested
or questioned. It is because he has accepted
another office incompatible with his seatasaSen-
ator, incompatible with his office as a Senator,
thereby vacating his right to a seat in this body,
that the claimant here can contest his seat.
As I understand this provision of the Consti-
tution which is invoked here for the purpose of
displacing General Lane and placing in nis seat
Mr. Stanton, there are three conditions: there
must be an office, there must be an appointment
to that office, and there must be an acceptance of
that appointment. Without at all considering the
latter two of these conditions, I insist that there
was no such office on the 20th of June as that to
which General Lane is alleged to have been ap-
pointed, and which it is alleged he accepted. On
the 3d of May the President issued his proclama-
tion calling for seventy-five thousand of the mili-
tia of the country to defend the capital. They
were to be apportioned among the States. On the
20th of June the President made the appointment
in question, in which he appoints General Lane
brigadier general in the volunteer force to be raised
under the proclamation of the 3d of May. That
is the form of the appointment. His letter of
appointment so expresses it: " Brigadier general
in the volunteer force to be raised under the proc-
lamation of the 3d of May." Now, I insist that
that was no appointment to any office. An office
confers upon a man a right, a title which maybe
enforced, which may be defended, for which he
may sue to recover the office, and to recover which
he may expel an intruder. There was no such
office. It was a thing entirely in anticipation
of the act of Congress; the office could only be
created by act of Congress; an office under the
United States "is the language of the Constitution.
There was no such office as brigadier general of
the volunteer force to be raised under the procla-
mation of the 3d of May; and if this rebellion
had subsided, if it had ceased to exist before the
assembling of Congress in July, or if Congress
had not seen fit to pass the act of July 22, by
which the President was authorized to appoint
brigad iergenerals of vol unteers, there never would
have been such an office.
The Senator from Connecticut speaks of a man
holdingan office dc facto. I understand very well
that such a thing may occur, but it is when the
office exists. The office must exist before a man
can hold an office defacto. The cases to which he
referred are cases whore there was an office, but
where the man was not legally entitled to the office
—where he assumed to officiate in the office. Here
was a case where the President assumed the power,
' and it was perfectly understood by the whole
country to be assumed, to appoint men to an office
which did not exist and could only exist by act of
Congress. Whether or no such an office should
ever exist, depended entirely on the volition of
Congress and not of the President. Under these
circumstances, Geneial Lane having been ap-
pointed, ou the 20th of June, to an office which
did not exist—brigadier general of the forces to be
raised under the proclamation of the 3d of May—
Mr. Stanton was appointed by the Governor of
Kansas on the 8th of July, before the act of Con-
gress was passed creating this office of brigadier
general of volunteers. The Governor of Kansas
had no authority to make such an appointment;
there was no vacancy for him to fill.
This is all I desire to say on the subject. To
me it is a question of the most entire indifference
which of these gentlemen holds the scat. Lit her
is abundantly competent. Either is worthy of the
placc. It is a mere naked question of law, and in
my judgment it is a very clear case. I put my
vote entirely on the ground that there was no
office to which General Lane was appointed on
the 20th of June; that, there being no office, then
the Governor of Kansas had no authority to ap-
point Mr. Stanton on the 8th of July. It was only
by the act of the 22d of July that the office was
created, and before that act was passed General
Lane had most emphatically repudiated the ap-
pointment. Under these circumstances, I cannot
vote that he was then a person holding an office
under the United States which was incompatible
with his scat in this body.
Mr. CLARK. *Mr. President 
'Mr. GRIMES. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. : Does the Senator.
from New Hampshire give way for that motiofi £
Mr. CLARK, 1 do, if that is the pleasure of
the Senate. ,
The motion was agreed to. ;
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, the Seriate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES^ ^
Wednesday, January 8/1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
T he J ournal of yesterday was read andappro ved.
ARMY TRANSPORTATION.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the reception of reports from committees.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to report
to the House what payments have been made, if any, for'
the transportation or troops and munitions of war over any -
railioad winch has been constructed in whole, or in part,
by lands granted by the Government on condition that "sucn
lailroads should be and remain public highways for the use
of the Government of the United States, free from toll or
other charge upon the transportation of any property or
troops of the United States," and whether it is the purpose
of his Department to pay tor transportation of troops and
munitions of war of the Government over any railroad con-
structed by a company which had received public lands on
the above conditions.
FRAUDS IN PUBLIC SERVICE, ETC.
Mr. HARRISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to prevent frauds in the public ser-
vice, and to punish bribery in certain cases; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DOUGLAS HOSPITAL.
Mr. RTCHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, TIi.it the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and economy ofpur-
chasing by the Government, for hospital services, the Doug-
las hospital, m the city of Washington.
LONDON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making an appropri-
ation to carry into effect the joint resolution ap-
proved 27ih of July, 1361, relative to the exhibi-
tion of the industry of all nations at London in
18G2, and asked that it be put on its passage.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that
there will be no objection to making this bill the
special order for to-morrow, at twelveo'clock, m.
Mr. LOVEJOY.. I object.
The bill was read a first and sccond time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
LETTERS OF SAILORS AND MARINES.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill in relation
to the letters of sailors and marines in the service
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the provisions of the act
of July 22, 1861, authorizing soldiers to send let-
ters through the mails of the United States with-
out prepayment of postage, shall be extended to
sailors and marines in the service of the United
States, under such regulations as the Post Office
Department shall provide, the postage thereon to
be paid by the recipients.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill is reported unani-
mously by the Post Office Committee in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Postmaster
General; and I will state to the House that it is
found to be almost impossible to keep the numer-
ous vessels in the blockading servicc supplied with
postage stamps, thus preventing the correspond-
ence of sailors and marines with their friends.
The bill simply extends to sailors and marines the
privilege that is now extended to soldiers of send-
ing letters through the mails without prepaying
the postage, the postage to be paid by the recip-
ients. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main Question ordered.
