228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPHIC CENSORSHIP.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported the following resolution, and moved
the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be authorized
to send tor persons and examine witnesses upon oath or
affirmation, touching the alleged telegraphic censorship
of the ptess, h'eretoiore leferred to said committee by the
House, as a subject of inquiry, and that said committee be
authorized to compel the production of papers and tele-
graphic dispatches sent or proposed to be sent and pertinent
to the inquiry, and to employ a phonographic reporter, if
deemed necessary, at the usual late of compensation.
The previous question was scoondod, and the
main question ordered, and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
- WITNESSES BEFORE COMMITTEES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consent of the House
to make a motion to discharge the Judiciary Com-
mittee from the further consideration of the bill
committed to them in reference to witnesses who
had once testified before committees of the House,
and then were exempt from criminal prosecution.
It has escaped the notice of the House that wit-
nesses are being; examined all the time, and by
that examination, whatever their guilt may have
been, they are exempt from prosecution 111 any
court. I therefore ask the consent of the House
to move to discharge the Judiciary Committee
from the further consideration of that bill.
Mr. Mcknight, i object.
CIIAPLAIXS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. DIVEINT, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back five petitions praying for a
change of the law in regard to chaplains in the
Army, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of said
petitions, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
^ Mr. DUELL,iYom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the fin ther consideration of the claim of
the children of Small llowaid, widow of Janie*, and of
Rlioda II. and Reuben Champion,and that they be referred
to the Interior Depai taient, both ca--es being piovided lot by
geneial law, and no fuithor legislation being nocesaaiy on
the subject.
The resolution was agreed to.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr. BUFF1NTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
petition of Thomas Laurent; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH B. EATON.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph B. Eaton;
which was icad a first and second time, leferred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS OF THE "WAR OF 1HI2,
On motion of Mr. OLIN, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution of the House, in-
structing said committee to consider the propiiety
of placing the soldiers of the war of 1812 on the
pension list, and the same was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
REPRESENTATIVES OF ROBERT BRENT.
Mr. OL1N, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, repot ted a bid for the reciprocal extin-
guishment of certain claims between the United ,
States and the representatives of Robert Brent,
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. MA YNARD. I was absent this morning
when the bill was reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means in reference to the industrial
exhibition in England in 1862. I hold in my hand
what I propose to offer as a substitute for that
bill, and I ask that it. he referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
It was so ordered.
CONSTRUCTION OV NAVAL VESSELS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, submitted the. following report:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the petition of Max Wappish, submitting an improved pro-
pelling screw for naval vessels, beg leave to repot t that there
is now in session a commission consisting of naval officers,
engineers, arid constiuetor^, appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy, foi the purpose of examining and ropoitmg upon
the alleged impiovements, and they therefore recommend
the passage o{ the following resolution :
Resolved, That the petition and papeis of Max Wappish
and of any othei person claiming to have discovered im-
proved methods ot constructing or propelling naval vessels,
be lcfericd to the commission appointed by the Secretary
of the Navy, and that they have liberty to withdraw their
papers for that purpose.
The resolution was agreed to.
MOTION TO ADJOURN.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This being the 8th
of January, the anniversary of the battle of New
Orleans, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for resolutions and bills of which previous
notice had been given, beginning with the State
of New York.
ASSAY OFFICE AT NEW YORK.
Mr. WARD, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to establish a eoinagc depai tment
in the United States assay office at New York;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
RAILROAD SURVEYS.
Mr. LEARY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy oi War be requested to in-
form this House whether any suivejs aie now m progress
with a view to the construction of a railway tinm the city
of Washington to intersect the Noithcrn Centra! railway
at a point outside of the limits ot the city of Baltimore;
whether such surveys have been undertaken under the au- '
thonty of the Department; and under what law they are
prosecuted.
TAXATION.
Mr. UPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to consider the expediency of icporting a bill at
their earliest convenience amending the eighth section
of the act of August 6, 1851, so as to pi ovule for raising
$100,000,000, instead of $20,000,000, by direct taxation,
and that m that connection they consider the expediency
oi a telegraphic and stamp duty, and also excise duties upon
cotton, tobacco, and ail malt and distilled liquors.
RESOLUTIONS OF MARYLAND.
Mr. CALVERT presented the following joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Mary-
land; which were severally laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Delegates of Mary-
land, That the Constitution of the United States, so ad-
mirably framed by the wisdom of our toiefatliers, N recog-
nized by the people of Mainland as tlie ehaiter oi their
Lbeities, the loundation, suppoit, and protection of their
rights, and the main source ot all their prospeuty ; that they
aie at all times ic.uly coidially to ienew the expression of
their devotion to iK pimciple^; that they unreseivcdly ac-
knowledge the supremacy of all laws made m pursuance
thereof, and repudiate ever} construction of that instrument
winch would de^lioy itrf efiicioney, its? \eiy existence, in-
deed, by the assertion of any light expie^ed, implied, or
lesei ved m the Stares to secede from the Union ; and though
they consider the right of involution, for justifiably cause,
mheient in eveiy people, they unhesitatingly declare that
they know no existing cau&e to justify the "people of the
United States in attempting the overthrow of then Govern-
ment.
*2. Resolved, That the duty and interest of the people of
Mai j land alike forbid that they should take part in tiie in-
fatuated aml-aueida] lebeilion which now-eeks to sepaiate
the States of this Union, and to dc^uoy that gi eat nationality
which has made us prosperous at home and respected
abroad; which sepaiation, if accompii-hed. must result m
the iiio-.t senous disasteis to all the States, but, from the
peculiarity of our geographical position, can bung to our
own State nothing but inetrievablu ruin.
3. Resolved, That the piesent unhappy and fratricidal
war has been forced upon the Government of the United
States by the seditious and unlawful acts of those who have
attempted its overthrow by violence, and the State of Mary-
land will cheerfully contribute her piopoit/on ot men and
means to sustain the nation m its stiuggle for existence, so
long as the war is conducted in accoi dance with the prin-
ciples of the Constitution, and so long as the purpose of
those in power is the maintenance of the Union with the
rights guarantied by the States unimpaired.
4. Resolved, That the loyalty of the people of Maryland
to the Geneial Government, established by the Constitution,
is untouched by any shade of servility, and they must ever
regard with extreme jealousy all attempts, from whatever
quaiter, to make the piesent war for the restoration of the
Union the means of interfering with the domestic institu-
tions of the State-?; and they solemnly ptotest against all
schemes the object or tendency of which is toexeite insur-
rection among the slaves, declaring the same illegal, and
calculated, it put in practice, to produce results too horri-
ble to contemplate.
5. Resolved, That this Legislature is gratified to know
tiiat the true principles on which the war should be con-
ducted have been expressed in most emphatic language by
both Houses of the present Congies*, in their extra session
of July last, that they have been declared by the President
in his latest message, and that they have been conspicu-
ously illustrated m the proclamation of Major General Dix
to the people of the eastern shoie of Virginia.
G. Resolved, That alihough in the immediate presence of
armies, when war or in^unection exists, it cannot be ex-
pected that the civil power should at all times maintain its
supremacy, and theie may be cases of extreme necessity
wheie the safety and preservation of the Government would
excuse a rcsoit to extiaotdmary measures, yet the dangers
of a depaiture from the forms of law, which are the piotec-
tion of individual rights, should never be forgotten, and all
n regular proceedings should be abandoned as soon it is clear
that the extreme necessity which gave rise to them lias
passed away.
7. Resolved, That the people of Maryland do not hesitate
to express their approval of' the course and policy of tlie
President in the conduct of the war thus far, as exemplified
by his official acts, and they hereby tender him their thanks
far the earnest desire he has manifested to avert fiom them
the immediate hotrois and calamities of civil war; assured
by his firmness and honesty in the ffast, they confidently
-expect that, in spite of the importunities of pernicious
lanatics, he will keep steadily in view his sworn duty to
picserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States.
8. Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit
copies of the foiegoing lesolutions to the President ot the
United States and to our Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
The General Assembly of Maryland have seen with con-
cern certain indications at the seat of the General Govern-
ment of an interference with the institution of slavery in
the siavcholding States, and cannot hesitate to expiess their
sentiments and those of the people they repiesent in regard
to a policy so unwise and mischievous. This war is pros-
ecuted by the nation with but one object; that, namely, of
a restoration of the Union, just as it was when the rebellion
broke out. The rebellious States are to be brought back to
their places in the Union, without change or diminution of
their constitutional rurhts. In the language of the resolu-
tion adopted by both Houses of Congress at its extra session
in July last, with remarkable unanimity, this war is declared
to be prosecuted not" in any spirit of oppression, or for any
purpose ofconq uest or subjugation, or purpose of overthrow-
ing or interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy
of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union, with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired, and that as soon as those objects are accomplished
the war ought to cease. ^
The objects and purposes of the war, thus impressively
declared, aie those alone which the-nation can ligiufully
contemplate in its prosecution ; and the moment the object
of the war changes from astmpie restoration of the Union,
as known to the Constitution, to something else in conflict
with the guarantees of that instrument, from that moment
the wai itself changes its character.
The duty of the Government in agieatcrisislike the pres-
ent is a very plain one. It is to pieserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution of the United States ; and thankful,
as we have reason to he, foi our exemption from the devas-
tation and rum of civil war, we rely Jut ther upon the wis-
dom and firmness of the President, in the discharge of the
Inch and solemn trust committed to his hands, to le^ibtand
lebukeall attempts fiom any and from every quaiter to con-
vert this war into a ciusade against the institution ot domes-
tic slavery a* it exists m the southern States, under the
guaiantees of the Constitution, or to take advantage of the
troubled condition of our country for the giaufication of per-
sonal views or sectional piejudices.
It i*, therefore, in accoid.mce with these views,
1. Resolved ly the General Jissembly of Maryland. That
we coidially apptove of the resolution passed at the extra
session of Congiess, aheady alluded to. and earnestly de-
sire that, m the piosecution of the war, the sentiments and
purposes it announces as the dehbeiate judgment of the na-
tion may he steadily kept m view and laithtuily adheiedto
by all the Depai tments of the Government, and by oui aimies
m the fieM
2 Resolved, That our confidence in the wisdom, firm-
ness, and moderation ot President Lincoln remains undi-
minished ; that we have seen with approval and giatifica-
tion the sentiments announced by the President m hisieccnt
message to Congress, pi eventing his views of the course to
be puisued ut suppressing the insuriection. and declaring
his anxiety that u the inevitable conflict for tins purpose
shall not degenerateinto a icmoKeless revolutionary strug-
gle," and that m every case he has thought h proper to keep
the integnty of the Union the pumury object of the contest
on tiie pai t of the Government.
3. Resolved, That the wisdom of the policy announced
in the said resolution of Congress has been signally exem-
plified m the peaceful triumph achieved by Major General
L>ix, by his admirable proclamation issued m conformity
