1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUTLERS IN VOLUNTEER SERVICE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the act (S. No. 136) to provide for the
appointment of sutlers in the volunteer service,
and to define their duties, made a report.
The report was read. It recommends that the
Senate reecde from its disagreement to the first,
fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh amendments of
the House, and agree to the same; that the Sen-
ate recede from its disagreement to the second
amendment of the House, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows:
Add the following proviso :
Provided, That if any paymaster in the service of the
United States shall allow or pay any greater sum to any
sutler than that hereby authorized to be retained horn the
pay of the officers, non-commissioned officeis, musician?,
and piivatcs, for articles sold by any sutler during any one
month, then the amount so allowed or paid by the paymas-
ter shall be charged against the said pav master, aud de-
ducted from his pay, and returned to the officer, non-com-
missioned officer, musician, or private, a?ain^t whom the
amount was originally charged. And any captain or lieu-
tenant, commanding a company, who may ccruty any pay
roll beating a charge m favor ot the sutler against any oih-
cer, non-commissioned officer, musician, or puvate, larger
or greater than one sixth of the monthly pay of such offi-
cer, non-commissioned officer, musician, or private, shall
be punished at the discretion of a couit-marlial.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the third amendment of the House, and agree
to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
Til line three, of said amendment, strike out the woid
" quarter," and insert m lieu tbeieof the word "sixth."
That the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the eighth amendment of the House, andagrce
to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
At the end of the said amendment add as follows:
And be ineligible to a icappomtment :u sutierm the ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, it will
be seen from the report of the committee of con-
ference, that the Senate have receded from its dis-
agreement to the first,fourth,fifth,sixth,andsev-
enth amendments of the House. The third amend-
ment, which allows to the sutler a lien to the extent
of one sixth of the pay of the officer, non-com-
missioned officer, musician, or private, was agreed
to with an amendment, and that amendment pro-
vides that any paymaster who shall allow to any
sutler any larger or greater sum than thatallowed
by law, shalll'orfeit that amount himself. It also
provides that the company officer who certifies to
the pay roll, shall be punished if he certifies any
larger or greateramountthan one sixth of the pay
of "the officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, or privates. That is the principal change
which has been made in the third amendment of
the House. It has been amended also to make
the measure one of more stringency against the
paymaster who allows and the officer who certi-
fies on the pay roll to an extent of more than one
sixth of the pay. Another amendment was agreed
to by the committee of conference, limiting the
legal liability of the soldier insteadof to one fourth
of the amount of his pay to one sixth. The pun-
ishment of the sutler is also provided for in case
of his violation of the law. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the repoit was adopted.
ARRESTS OF NEGROES.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I ask the unanimous consent
ofthc House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee foi the District nf Colum-
bia be uistiucted to imp!IH1 into tlie tact* and ayciMin ami
report to tins Hou*- by what aulliouty of l.uv Mr-*, bi'.ene,
living oil Dnnbarton 'iiei't, Geoigetowil, itucd, oi e.UHCd
to be seized, two men. to wit: Louis Ayren and Washing-
ton Watts; and al.so by what authemty ofl.uv oi legal pro-
cc.-^ these men have been sent to Ualtmioif and immured
in the jail, and whethei their anest awl imprisonment f
not a diieet violation ot' thatptnvision of tin' Constitution
(filth aiticle of Amendments) which fenys that no poison
shall bo dopi tved of life or libei ty without due process of law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr.LOVEJOY. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended in order that I may introduce that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order.
CENSUS RECORD.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That the Superin-
tendent ol'the Census bo inquired to record or have recorded
in books to be prepared for that purpose, the names of adult
males, or lieads of families, of the lice population of the
United States and Territories, in alphabetical older and in
such manner as to admit of easy relerence to their place in
the original census returns, and also specifying/rcefwliicrs
by adding the word " freeholder" at the end of the name of
each freeholder in said record.
Mr. CALVERT. I object to that resolution
unless there is a provision added to itthat it shall
not be the means of incurring any additional ex-
pense.
CHARTER OE VESSELS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the House by whom the vessels recently chartered
under the direction of the War Department, were char-
tered ; what compensation such person has received, or is
to leceive, for such services; whether any prisons have
been acting under the authority or by direction or permis-
sion of the pei son authorized by the Department to effect
such charters in regard to effecting the same ; who such
persons are ; what compensation suell persons have re-
ceived. or aie to receive, for sueh services ; and whether
in effecting such charters any persons acting directly or in-
directly for the Government have charged the pcrsonsfrom
whom such vessels have been chartered any percentage oil
the amount of the charter, oi any othei compensation, and
what has been so charged.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on the coiuluctof the war
be ieque-ted to inquiic into the expediency of adopting im-
mediate and oifieient measures for such leform in the med-
ical depai tment of the Aimy as will secure to oui sick and
wounded soklici? the best and most effective medical treat-
ment, and that said committee icport by bill oi othciwisc.
Mr. COX. I do not object to the purpose of
tlie resolution, but merely to the proposed refei-
ence to the committee on the conduct of the war.
Mr. BLAKE. I will acccpt any modification
of my resolution in that regard.
Mr. COX. I move, then, that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAKE. If I could have an opportunity
to read an extract from the Cincinnati Gazette
on this subjcct, I am sure thcie would not be a
single objection in this House to my resolution.
There ought to bo speedy and efficient reform in
the present mode of treating our sick and wounded
soldiers. I modify the amendment so that it shall
go to the Committee on Military Aflairs, instead
of to the committee on the conduct of the war.
The amendment, as modified, was then adopted
FORTIFICATION OF ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
liistiuctcd to report a bill to pay the Iaboreis employed m
the constiuetion of St. Louis fortifications, niimbcied from
one to five inclusive, which said loititieations were con-
structed uildei the superintendence ot Major Ksippncr.
CENSUS RECORD—AGAIN.
Mr. FESSENDEN introduced a joint resolu-
tion providing for a census record; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Cleik to read
the letter of the Superintendent of the Census.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Census Officii, Department or the Iirrciuon,
wasiitvuton, march 13,1662.
My Di:ar Sir : In pui&uanco with your suggestion, I send
the form of a joint resolution which appears to mo to con-
tain allnecc^aij foi the purpose indicated The value of
such a iocokI cannot he realized now. but will beloie long
be expciienced; and Us impoitancc will inctease with the
-will be of immense value mi aid to the Pension
Ofhee in warding off fraudulent claims? for pensions, and
afford faeiiitie.^ fo>vei ilyuic or defeating demands 101 count-
ies thousand* of dollar*. It will be a pood service'to po~~
I tontvin enabling future eeneiations to e tab.{-h their dt
j scent, winch in 5 country**. conjUnlly chang™*" *£
' iho«e who are to succeed us. JLhese
; benefits incident to the cntab|islimr"t ot &ucli^d. record.
II With unatlectcd aspect, yoMObcd^ent servant, EDy_
I Hon. Samdel C. Fesskndkn, m. c.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to discuss the res-
olution.
The resolution was laid over under the rules.
APPEALS, ETC.
Mr. ELIOT introduced an act concerning ap-
peals and writs of error; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
GENERAL RIPLEY'S REPORT.
Mr. ROSCOE C0NKL1NG introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the House,
five thousand extra copics of the report of General Ripley,
relative to contracts for fire-arms.
ALLOWANCES TO WITNESSES, ETC.
Mr. DXVEN, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he requested
to communicate to this House a statement showing sep-
arately the mileage and per diem chargcd by the maishai
and district attorney of the northern district of New York,
of late years; and also the fees and mileage paid to wit-
nesses by the United States, and the rate and amount
charged for transporting criminals in said district.
MRS. MARGARET MeDANIEL.
Mr. BABBITT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House of Representatives the petition of Mrs.
Margaret McDaniel, widow of Thomas McDaniel, a soldier
of the Revolution, prajing for relief, with accompanying
documents ; and that the same be referred to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
FORTIFICATIONS OP ST. LOUIS AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. A resolution was adopted on
motion of the gentleman from Missouri instruct-
ing the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill on a subject about which we know nothing.
I move to reconsider the vote by which that resolu-
tion was adopted, in order that it maybe modified
so as to request the committee to inquir.e into the
expediency of reporting on the subject indicated.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. I do notthink thatit
is a question ofexpediency at all, but rather a mat-
ter of justice to the laborers who have worked
upon these fortifications. Those men ought to be
paid the money that is their due, and 1 desire that
the Committee of "Ways and Means shall prepare
a bill for that purpose. The facts have been re-
ported by the committee of this House. One man,
a certain Beard, of California, has received for
five other fortifications of St. Louis $171,000, and
afterwards $20,000 more, making in all $191,000;
whereas $00,000 is all that was contracted to be
paid for labor on these fortifications, which are
equally as well constructed, and of the same di-
mensions. There is no necessity to inquire into
the expediency of paying these men what theGov-
ernmcnt owes them; but there is upon our part an
absolute necessity to provide for that payment.
Mr. STEVEN'S. 1 have great respect for the
opinion of the gentleman from Missouri; but I do
notthink that any committee of this House ought
to be instructed to leport a bill to appropriate large
sums of money without knowing any of the facts
involved. I think that the resolution is one of the
most extraordinary I have ever seen.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is not an extraor-
dinary proposition. It is extraordinary, on the
contrary, that these men have not been paid for
their work long before this.
Mr. STEVENS. The commission will report
in a few days. It may be right to pay these men;
but the committee ought to have the privilege ot
looking into the facts.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no dispo-
sition to be discourteous to the gentleman ft om
Pennsylvania or the Committee of Ways find
Means I will modify the amendment to suit the
gentleman in the respect he suggests—that the
committee inquire what is due, and report a bill
to provide for its payment.
Mr. STEVENS. To inquire into the propriety
of paying, would be proper. _
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is no doubt
about the propriety of paying if there is anything
due them. .
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that matter is all
embraced in the word " propriety."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know
whether it is or not. If the gentleman will agree
