230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January .8,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If it is to go to that
committee, 1 will renew my objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I merely made
the suggestion, as (hat subject is already under
consideration in that committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it had better go to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the adoption
of the resolution; and appointed Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Crisfield.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-two4, noes not counted.
* The resolution was adopted.
mcclellan's rkpoitt.
Mr. BAYLY, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the report of
General George L>. MeCleDan on the Ciimea be printed for
the use of the llou e; the map of Sebastopoi to bo excluded.
Mr. F. A. CONKLIJN'G. I move that the
number be reduced to ten thousand.
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. I ask that a
letter from the Superintendent of Public Printing
on the subject be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Office Skpcrintendent Public Printing,
Washington, January 3, 1862.
Sir : The estimated cost of printing and binding twenty
thousand copies of McClelJau's Military Commission to
Europe, in octavo form, is $11,612. The leport i«* accom-
panied by a large colored map of Sebastopoi, which may
possibly be unnecessary foi general distribution, and the
omission of winch will reduce the cor-t of the report about
three thousand foui hundred dollar-*.
Very lespectfully, yonr obedient servant,
J'SO 0. UJGFliEES, Superintendent.
Hon. E. P. YV<t.ton, Chairman Committee on Piinting,
House of Representatives.
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. It will be seen
from the statement just read that the omission of
the map alluded to in the resolution will reduce
the cost to some ei^ht thousand dollars.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether the cost of printing ten thou-
sand copies will be more than half as much as
printing twenty thousand?
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. I will state for
the information of the gentleman that the propor-
tion will be greater. The cost of composition will
be as great lor ten thousand copies as for twenty
thousand.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Well, sir, I ask that
the vote may be taken on my motion to amend.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. Is the resolution debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BLAKE, i should like very much to have
a copy of this report, and would vote to have it
printed to accommodate any gentleman here, if
we had plenty of money in the Treasury.
Now, sir, I have never read this report, but I
have read Mordecai's report, and I understand
this is an enlargement of the same thing. 1 have
no doubt that the gentleman who drew this report
believed it would be of some use to the Army;
but if I am a judge of the report I have read, it is
a mistake to suppose that such is the fact. It
would be beneficial to those engaged in the manu-
facture of arms, but it is of no value to the mili-
tary department of the Government at all. I be-
lieve the publication of this report at this time,
when we are m want of all the money we can
raise to carry on the war, would be a useless waste
of the public money; and I move, therefore, to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question. I understand this report has been
published by a pnvtite house, and that anybody
can have it by paying for it. Is that a fact?
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir, that is true.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will with-
draw his motion for a moment, I desire to ask a
question in relation to this matter. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that McCIellan's re-
port and Mordecai's report are upon the same
subject?
tflr. BLAKE. No, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Or that one is an enlarge-
ment upon the other5
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that Morde-
cai's report and McCIellan's report relate to en-
tirely different matters.
Mr. BLAKE. There were three reports made:
one upon artillery, ordnance, &c.,one upon infan-
try, and the other upon cavalry; but there is no thing
in any of them ft om which any military man could
get any idea of combination, formation, or direc-
tion of the military department; but it would be
very convenient and useful, I have no doubt, for
some gentlemen engaged in the manufacture of
arms to have this report published. I hope the
resolution will be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
sixty-six; noes not counted.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
ORDER TO PRINT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask that the bill
introduced this morning by my colleague [Mr.
Arnold] fortheestablishmentof a national foun-
dery, and referred to the committee on that sub-
ject, be printed.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
RAILROAD TAX.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inqune into the expediency of imposing a tax of
a quaiter or a half cent per mile fur each passenger on the
railroads within the United States.
pagific railroad.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, consideied, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roadj and Canals be
instiucted toinquiie into the expediency of completmgthc
youliuve^t bianeh of the Pacific iailm:ul in Mis-souii, fiom
RoJla to fcjptingllcUl, w ith a vjcvv of lae dilating the miiitai v
operations m that Slate.
ar. tiiouvenel's letter.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following res-
olution :
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whoicas the Government ot the Kmpciorof the French,
through M. Thouvenal, Minuter of Foieurn having
appealed to the Government ol the United States for the
immediate ideate of rhe poisons taken on hoard the Trent,
and sending explanations which may take fiom thij actits
offensive chaiaeter towaids the Butish flaa." asking it on
the ground ol "piincipies in which (the Fieneh Govern-
ment) have ahvnjs found the United Slates, in agreement
with it," adding in conclusion, " that the United State?
m taking a Mlili'eient attitude.' the French Government
would sue in that tact a dcploiable complication in every
lcspect ol the difficulties with which the Cabinet of Wash-
ington has aheady to snuggle, and a pieeedt nt of a nature
seuou=ly to disquiet all the Powers which continue outside
the existing contestand wherea?, in tins aibitration, in
advance ot the issue which was m.ide by ihe Biitish Gov-
ernment, in a form precluding all discussion, but in which
the Fieneh Government makes decision depend on prin-
ciple^. heietofoio established between Fiance and the Uni-
ted Stares, in tteatie-* recognizing the law o( nations, the
Government ot Fiance has onlv anticipated the wish ot the
American people; and wheie<io the detention of the Trent
and the aner-tot Mes<r< Ma^ori and Slidcll was an act
avowedly based on Duash precedents hy the officer of the
American ship San Jacinto, the reclamation made by a
third Tower, equally nucleated in maintaining neutial
rights, was a propci interposition, considerately and ktndlv
made, to enable the Government of the United States to do
to Gicat Biitain, {or the sake ot the inteie.sts and peace of
the world, and especially demanded by the existing exigen-
cies of the United States thenii-elve?, what Gieat Biitain
had refused to do under similai cnoum-tanees, and could
not thciefoie u^htfuMy demand. This demand on the part
ot the Fieneh Government is c\ ulenee of the deep concern
which France still takes in the honor and piospei itv of the
Republic of the United States, to the existence of which it
n part of her glorv to have contributed. And thus icncwed
manifestation of her solicitude for the maintenance of the
tieedom of the «ea^, of which the creation of a powerful
navy to defend them fiom the swav of an aiblnaiy trident
gives earnest, de-eives and calls fouls an expte^Pion of the
sentiment which the pait the Government of the Fieneh
Fnipeiot has taken in our late difficulty with Great Biitain
has m-piied: Therefoie,
Be it resolved by Hie Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Stateiof Jlmerica in Congress assembled,'That
Congress and the people of the United States are not insen-
sible to the ktndne-s whieh ha* animated the Government
ol France in its piompt and wise into position to airest the
dancer impending fiom the seizure ot the Trent and an est
of its passenger?, and foi reasserting as national law the
principles m relation to neutral rights heretofore maintain-
ed by the Governments of France and the United States.
There was no objection, and the joint resolution
was received and read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. COX. I think that that resolution ought
to be referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That was the mo-
tion I was about to make. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I regret that the resolution
has been intioduced; but as it is before us, I move
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 11 is capital irony.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say a word 011 that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes
to debate the resolution it must go over.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope, then, that the motion
to lay upon the table will prevail.
On a division of the House there were—ayes 39,
noes 58.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As I regard the
letter of M.Thouvenai as an indication of hostility
to the United States, 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. COX. The House has referred all other
papers connected with this subject to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and I think that this
resolution ought to go there.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to debate it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Debate can be had
when the committee makes its report.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over, under the rule.
OFFICERS OF NEW REGULAR REGIMENTS.
Mr. NOELL offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Secretary ot War lie lequested to re-
poit to this II'ji! at the eailiest practicable moment, the
names of alt commissioned officers appointed in the new
leiuments of the regular Army, fallowing the respective
Stated from winch they have been appointed.
RAILROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of California, to aid m the
construction of certain railroads in said State;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF THE NORTHERN PACIFIC.
Mr. SARGENT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to appropriate $50,000 for the
survey of the northern waters, coasts, and islands
of the Pacific ocean and Behring's straits, in
view of telegraphic communication between the
mouth of the Amoor river, in Asia, and the con-
fines of the Russian possessions in America; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MILEAGE FOE EXTRA SESSION.
■ Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following joint resolution:
Whereas by the joint icsolution of December 2a, 1857,
it id provided that tile second mileage due by law to Sen-
ator* and Representatives is made pajabic at the sceond
session of any Congress; and wheicas by the act of Febiu-
ary "iO, 1831, tile sum ot $'1.43f>,600 was appropriated tortile
pay of enmnensation and Mileage of Senators, Repiesenta-
tives, and Delegates, tor the fiscal yeai ending Juno 30,
18o-; and wherea= a sufficient portion of said appro pi nation
remains still unexpended ; and whereas by the act of Sep-
tember 30, 1830, it i, deelaied that all certificates which
have been ormaybe granted hv the presidio" otlieeisof the.
Senate and House ot Representatives, respectively, of the
amo'mtane to fiie membeis oi'iheir seveial houses, aie and
Olljtlit to be held and taken, and aie heicby dceiaicd to be,
conclusive upon all Departments and officers of the Govet n-
munt of the United States;" and whereas the said mileage
has brcii paid to members ol tile Senate, while the Secie-
tary nl the Tieasury refines to pav tile ~anio to members of
the House of Repiesentatives holding certificates as afote-
snid I'joni the Spi.akei of the House: Therefoie,
he it resolved uy the Senate and blouse of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and lie is heieby, dnecled and reqnii ed to pay the scveiai
amounts due for mileage to membeis ot the House of Rep-
lesentath os, as eeitified by the Speaker.
. The joint resolution was read a fit st and second
time by its title.
Mr. ALDRICH. X demand the previous ques-
tion on the third reading and the engrossment of
the joint resolution.
