1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. LOOMIS. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it in order to debate
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not during the demand of
the previous question and the motion to lay upon
the table.
The motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. STEVEN'S. This resolution is contrary
to law, and I demand the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman will hear
the preamble he will find that it is not contrary to
law, for the laws upon which it is based are there
recited.
Mr. STEVENS. I have read the laws, and
know what they are.
The resolution and preamble were again read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is this subject
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is that motion in order? It
has just been voted down.
The SPEAKER. Business has intervened—
the previous question has been seconded.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask to be allowed to say
a word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is notin order except
by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. ALDRICH. I simply wanted to say that
members are not obliged to draw their mileage
unless they see fit to do so.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "VV1CKLIFFE. I ask leave to put a ques-
tion to the introducer of this joint resolution.
Objection was made.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Baker, Baxtei, I3i<Mle, Bingham, Jacob B Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Browne, IJufSnton, Cal-
vert, Campbell, Chainboihn, Claik, Cobb, Colfax, Cooper,
Davis, Diven,X)unn, Edwards, Ehor, Fisher, Frank, Gur-
ley, llanchett, Il.nribon, lloliuan, Hooper, Ilorton, Hutch-
ins, Kclley, LooiniSj Mcltean, McPherson, Marion, May,
Maynard, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps,Pike,Pomeroy, Poitor, Alexander
H. Rice, John U. Rico, Riddle, Edwaul II Rollins, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sheffield, yheiman, Ppaukhng, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Upton, Vandevei, Van Ilom, Van Valk-
cnbmgh. Van Wyck, Verre*1, Wad>\vorth, Wall, Charles
W. Walton, Waid, Webster, Wiieelci, Wickhfte, Wilson,
and Woieowtei—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Babbitt, Joseph Baily, Beaman,
Conway, Cox, CusfioJd, Duell. Dunlap, Fe.-sendon, Fran-
ehot, Gianger, Grider, Hale, Hickman, William Kellocg,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Lo^an, Lovcjoy,
McKuight, Malloiy, Monzies, Mitchell, Monte, Noble,
Noell, Notion, Pendleton, Potter, Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Shiel, Sloan,Tiain,Trowbridge, Vallan-
digham, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White, Chilton
A. White, Windom, and Wright—47.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During the call,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Smith, was detained from the House
by illness.
Mr. TRAIN stated that his colleague, Mr. Del-
ano, was compelled to leave the House by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. 14
TRANSFER OF AM APPROPRIATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a joint res-
olution authorizing the Secretary of thoTreasury
to transfer certain balances of an appropriation
for printing of the second session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress to the same appropriation for the
first session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title.
The resolution states that whereas a balance ot
$5,608 71 remains to be provided for to pay for
the printing ordered at the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, and whoieas theie is a
surplus of $25,608 53 for the printing of the sec-
ond session, therefore the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized to make up the deficit out of the
surplus appropriation.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
DISABLED HORSES.
Mr. McPHERSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee on contracts be in-
structed to inquire into the manner of keeping the five hun-
dred and twenty-five disabled horses received for wintering
by Geoige Ramsdell, under a contract made November 523
last between Colonel D. II. Itucker, a quartermaster ot'the
Army, and the said llamsdell; and particularly to inquire,
First. Whether the said Ramsdell lias sub-let the keeping
of thesehorses, and, if so,at what prices,and by whatoffi-
cer the horses were inspected before delivery to Ramsdell.
Second. Whether, in his articles of agreement with sub-
contractors or others, the said Ramsdell has stipulated that
the horses shall be piovided with "good, warm, and suffi-
cient stabling," and that they shall each receive a daily
allowance of fourteen pounds of hay and twelve pounds
of oats or corn, as required in his contiact with the Gov-
ernment. Thud. Whether the s?aid Ramsdell has, up to
this date, received any compensation upon said contract,
and whether said payment, if made, was made after an in-
spection of the horses, as provided in the ninth article of
his agreement. Fourth. Whether any other parties than
the s aid Ramsdell are interested in the said contract, and
if any, who.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are several papers on
the Speaker's table upon the same subject, and I
move that they be taken up and referred to the
same committee.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
IIENRY SAWYER.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution authoriz-
ing Henry Sawyer to accept a medal; when the
Speaker signed the same.
POST ROUTES IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. PATTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instiueted to inquire: into the expediency of report
iug a bill establishing the following post routes in Pennsyl-
vania: Fiom Callcnsburjr, Clarion county, via Niekleville
and Crawberry, to Oil City, Venango county—distance
twenty-seven miles. Fiom Williams's Grove, Clearfield
county, via Grahampton. to Shhry's—distance ten miles.
From Gai land, Warien county, to Enteipn&e, oi Southwest
Post Ofiicc—distance fouueen milo.
POST ROUTE IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WATTS submitted tlio following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on the Po*t Office and Pot
Roads be irqu'K-tcd to inquire into tile expediency of <'s,t.ib-
lisliing a post loute ftom Cmiaron, Now Mexico, to Taos,
in New Mexico.
NATURALIZING MEXICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. WATTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to extend the right of citizenship to
eeitaiil Mcxican citizens in The Territory of New
Mexico; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
STONE TANKS.
Mr. WATTS also introduced a bill for the con-
struction of two stone tanks in the Jornada del
Muertos, in New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, and reierred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
TIIOMAS F. BOWLER.
Mr. WATTS also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Thomas F. Bowler, of New Mexico; which
was lead a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Before moving togointothe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I move that all debate on the clause of the civil
appropriation bill now under consideration in com-
mittee close in one minute after the committee shall
resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the .Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole oa the state qfthe Union,
(Mr. Campbell in the chair,) and resumed tl e
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 154) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of .Tune,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862. - - ;
The following is the clause of the bill under con-
sideration:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
promoting aguculture and rural economy, and tlie procure-
ment, propagation, and distribution of cuttings and seeds,
$50,OJ0: Provided) however, That in the expenditure of this
appiopriation, and especially in the selection of cuttings
and seeds for distribution, due regard shall be had to the
purposes of general cultivation, and the encouragement of
th e agricultural and rural interests of all parts of the United
States.
When the bill was under consideration yester-
day, Mr. Holman moved to amend the clause by
striking out "$00,000" and inserting " $30,000"in
lieu thereof, and by adding the following proviso*
Provided further, That not more than $3,000 of this ap-
propriation shall be applied for tlie purposes of the propa
gating garden;
and Mr. Maynard moved to amend the amend*
men t so as to increase the appropriation to $60,000.
The pending question was upon the amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Holman's
amendment.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana by increas-
ing the appropriation to $150,000; and if the com-
mittee will indulge me, 1 should like to give my
reasons for it.
The only recognition of the agriculturists of
this country is in that little appropriation. The
whole agricultural interest of the country—the
most important interest, and more important than
all others put together—is represented by that
little appropriation. Now, when we are spend-
ing $2,000,000 a day, we cannot appropriate more
than $60,000 for the whole agricultural intcrestof
this country, which is an agricultural country
from Maine to Louisiana !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
debate has been closed upon this clause.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Holman's
amendment; and being put, the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amendment to
come in at the end of the clause:
And that the Secretary of the Interior select some one
familiar with the soil and climate of thiscountry to proceed
to Germany and the shores of the Baltic to select seeds and
cuttings to be distributed ; and further, that in the selection
of seed sand cuttings, reference he had to the beet-root prop-
agated in France lor the manufacture of sugar, and that a
portion of the money be applied to the investigation and
cultivation of the Peruvian cotton.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
that he omit that part of his amendment which
provides that an agent shall be sent abroad.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order
That amendment changes the existing law, and
that cannot be done in a bill of this kind.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. •
Mr. COX. I will modify my amendment, so
as to read as follows:
And that the Secietary of the Interior select the seeds
and cuttings with a view to our own soil and climate; and
further, that in the selection of sends and cuttings, refer-
ence be had to the beet-root propagated in France for the
manufacture of sugar, aiid that a portion of the sum be
applied to the investigation and cultivation of the Peruvian
cotton.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The firstclause of that amend-
ment is already embodied in the proviso to the
clause.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I do not think that amendment is in
order. It is most clearly adding independent legis-
lation to this bill, and is not in order. The diffi-
culty is not obviated by the modification. _ The
decision of the Chair before made is applicable
now.
Mr. COX. If this amendment is out of order,
then the proviso to the clause which we are con*
sidering is also out of order. This amendment
; simply provides for a proper use of the money
