1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
this money at Newport, and of course the Naval j
Committee will state if that is the design. .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks the point I
of order is too late. !
Mr. WEBSTER. Is it too late to oppose the j
amendment of the gentleman from New York ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been passed.
Mr. WEBSTER. I called for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will state
that he called for a division before the decision was
announced, the Chair will again put the question.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not say that; but I say
that the question was put and the Chair made the
announcement instantly, and that, at the earliest
possible time, I called for a division.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would inquire
whether it is too late to raise a point of order upon
the amendment ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is the amendment adopted
by the committee upon which the point of order
is raised.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The amendment,
as I understand it, is to insert the word "New-
P°The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
amendment.
The amendment was read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise a point of
order. The amendment proposes to change a
place which has already been fixed by law, viz:
Annapolis, in the State of Maryland, and thereby
it changes the existing law. The bill leaves the
place open, and of course the application would
"be to the place designated by law. The object
of the amendment is to change the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was re-
ceived by the committee, and the Chair thinks the
point is made too late.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There was no de-
bate upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. There was not.
is that the gentleman did not insist upon a divis-
ion until after other business had intervened.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman is mistaken
about other business transpiring.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei mont. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Maryland that it was not
the purpose of the Committee of Waysand Means,
nor do 1 believe it is the purpose of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to raise the question of the
permanent location of the Naval Academy. The
appropriation is only to provide for the coming
year. This appropriation is what will be neces-
sary for quarters, wages, and contingent expenses
for the coming year. The question of the ulti-
i mate location of the Naval Academy will come
; up at the pioper time, and I think the prgjer time
1 has hardly yet arrived.
Mr. WEBSTER. The amendment is not only
■ to make an appropriation for the temporary pur-
! poses of the Naval School at Newport, but it
1 strikes out an appropriation for repairing the
buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If the gentleman will look
at the estimates, he will see that no estimate was
made for repairing the buildings at Annapolis. It
would be impossible to make such repaus now,
as the Army is now occupying the buildings at
Annapolis for hospital purposes. The buddings
there originally belonged to the Army, find there
has been no law changing that. It was by an
agreement between the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Navy that the school was located
at Annapolis originally. This appropriation is
for rent and expenses which will be incurred any
way, and the estimates upon which the appropri-
ation is founded do not contemplate the repair of
the buildings now. That matter may probably
come up in another bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 would like to ask the chair-
man of the Naval Committee whether the build-
ings at Annapolis will be fit for occupation by the
...  
The CHAIRMAN. There was not. i; ings at-untmpons win at im ... v..~
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. Until a vote is | Naval Sr.hool without an appropriation for then
mi. * f*-..  j * o i! iP^nm^Avo nor. rme.essarv: and it anuro-
ivj. i. r • - 
completed of course an amendment is open to a
question of older, and under the circumstances I
desire to insist upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of older. . ,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the Chair be
kind enough to signify the ground of the decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the
decision.
iepair; ifrepansare not necessary; and if appro
priations are made in any other bill for such re-
pairs?
Mr. SEDGWICK. All I know about the neces-
sity of repairing the buildings at Annapolis is what
I ascertained from a committee of gentlemen who
came from Annapolis and made some representa-
tions upon that subject. They represented that
the buildings had been injured by the occupation
/..i a  .i :    • u iid tlint it wnnlii
ip.sjmn I U1C eunuiiigs uau wa-u mj"""
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I put the point of j of the Army during the las^car,and that it wou d
■ I . . i _      a ^i,v-irr-nci i. i.,inmvn cnmp «iY at s(>vijii thousand doilais to ]HIt
order upon ilicgrouud that the amendment changes
the existing law. i;
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take |
an appeal? ,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does the Chair
say the amendment does not change the existing
law'
'I'he CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the ;
point of order. . j
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
the giound upon which the Chair makes the de-
cision, that 1 may know whether it is proper to ;
take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The. Chair has stated the
decision Does the gentleman take an appeal? i
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the Chair de- ,
cides that it does not change existing law, 1 do
not appeal, because then the amendment would
be in order. , ,
Mr. WEBSTER. Do 1 understand the Chair
to say he will put the amendment to the commit-
tee again ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Maryland says he called for a division before the
decision, 1 he Chair will put the question again.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I use to a
point of Older. The question was decided by the
Chair, and after that other business intervened.
A question of order was laised, and that was de-
cided by the Chair, and now it is too late to put
the question again. .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated to the
gentleman from Matyland that ii he called tor a
division before the Chair announced the decision
it was in time, although the Chair did not hear
1U Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman from Mary-
land said that the Chair announced the decision
immediately upon the vote being taken, and that
at the earliest possible moment he could get the
floor he called for a division.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. My point
ui nit; n.i my uuiiii., w-..,-  
require some six or seven thousand dollars to put
them in iepair, so that the school, if ordered back
there,could occupy them; but the estimates upon
which this approptlation is founded have nothing
to do with the repairs of the buildings at Annapo-
lis at all.
Mr. WEBSTER. Does the gentleman say
there has been no estimate for repairs.'
Mr. SEDGWICK None except what has
been made by citizens.
i Mr. WEBSTER. They supposed it would
require seven or eight thousand dollars.
' Mr. SEDGWICK. Six or seven thousand
! dollars; but this appropriation is for an entirely
! different matter.
Mr. CALVERT. Is it in order to offer an
! amendment to the amendment?
, The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend by adding
j the following proviso:
! Provided, That nothing in tins art shall be so consulted as
II to change permanently the location of the Naval Academy
'l from Annapolis to Newport.
j Mr. SEDGWICK. If the gentleman will strike
i out the latter part of that proviso, and letitstand
i in this way:
i Provided, That tiotliina in tin* act shall beso construed as
to change permanently thy location ot the P*aval Academy,
1 I shall not oppose it. As the proviso is offered
it assumes that the location is fixed, by some law,
at Annapolis, which is not true, so far as 1 un-
derstand it. .
Mr. CALVERT. That is the very point. 1
: contend that it is fixed by law at Annapolis, and
that it has been lemoved from there without any
law. And,sir, I want to show that it costs at
' Newport twice as much to support two classes as
" it does at Annapolis to support fom. You are
: now paying at Newport §15,000 for the tent of
:i buildings alone, while you have trie necessary
ii buildings at Annapolis. ...
!! Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to know upon
what authority the gentleman makes that state-
ment? .
Mr. CALVERT. One of the Naval School, sir.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is a mistake.
Mr. CALVERT. It costs from one to' two
thousand dollars more for heating and lighting the
buildings at Newport than it does at Annapolis.
It costs at Newport $1,000 for water, which costs
nothing at Annapolis. It costs $3,000 for thfe em-
ployment of a steamboat to run from the wharf
at Newport over to the ship Constitution. The
buildings at Annapolis can be repaired and made
ready for the Naval Academy, if the Government
feels disposed to put it back there, in a very short
time. The idea of holding the academy build-
ings as a military hospital, when the removal of
the school to another place involves such an im-
mense expense, is not that species of economy
that I am fond of myself. What have they got at
Newport > They have an observatory at Annap-
olis; they have none at Newport. It is necessary
for the education of the cadets to have an observ-
atory. They have no philosophical or chemical
hall at Newport; they have at Annapolis. They
have no hospital there; they have at Annapolis.
All these buildings are there at Annapolis, and
they have cost the Government$500,000,andyou
cannot replace them at any other point for that
sum.
Now, what is the object of fixing this institu-
tion at Newport? Newport, with all its advant-
ages for other purposes, is not a suitable place
for the education of young men. It is a fashion-
able watering place. I have a short extract from
a speech made by a member of the Legislature of
Rhode Island, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Wehden said that it" the question was of a new
location of the school, he would prefer Newport. But ttas
question i*, wlietliet we shall insult the State of Maryland
with the suggestion that we have not sufficient confidence
in her loyally to send our sons there to bo educated. An-
napolis is a good-sized village, inhabited by sober, stata
people, and us moral atmosptieie, Mr. \V. thought, was far
Superior to that pervading Newport in the summerseason,
when the scmnof the fashionable society of the North min-
gles with the secession aristocrats of the South, making it
the la-t place m the woild to educate any decent young
man. Mr \V. thought the time would come when we
should be tired of fighting, and be willingto trust something
to the loyaltv, not only ol'tiic pedple of Maryland, but also
ot'other of the southern or slave States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont The gentleman
from Mai yland has made some statements of the
comparative cost of supporting the Naval Acad-
emy at Annapolis, and where it now is. Now,
mailt bow a plain tale will put down that kind of
argument. The appropriation for the last year,
1861, was 457,000, and only $48,000 is now
required.
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman state
how much of that was for the buildings at An-
napolis?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot.
Mr. CALVERT. Ah!
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am merely
calling the attention of the committee to the dif-
ference between the expenditure now and what it
was heretofore.
Mr. CALVERT. There are only two classes
at Newport; there were four at Annapolis.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
it wise or expedient that we should interfere with
the executive department as to the time when this
school shall be returned to Annapolis, if It shall
be returned at all. That question when it comes
up will probably enlist the attention of various
members of the House. It is, perhaps, a grave
question. There is no necessity for bringing it
up at this time. I trust that we shall vote down
the gentleman's proviso, in whole and in part,
and proceed to finish the bill.
Mr. Calyert's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the school shall be returned to Annapolis
at the earliest day practicable.
Mr. Chairman, I have heard no good reason
assigned, though I am open to conviction on the
subject, why the school should not be taken back
to Annapolis immediately. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs has spoken on the
subject, the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sheffield] has also spoken, and the distin-
guished member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Morbill;] but I have as yet heard
