31
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
ent without calling for the yeas and nays, and per-
haps carrying us over another day, I shall be sat-
isfied with almost anything.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well,then;callitfifteen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is to strike out " twenty," and insert "fif-
teen."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to move an amend-
ment on page 13, in line eighty-one of section five.
I move to strike out " two and insert " one,"
and in the same line to strike out " ten" and in-
sert " five," so as to make the clause: "liquorice
root, 1 cent per pound; paste or juice, 5 cents per
pound.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 6, at the end of line
thirty-five of section three, I propose to insert the
following amendment:
Wire covered With cotton or silk to pay the same duty as
tile same number of iron or copper wire of winch it is made.
Mr. FESSENDEN., I should like the Senator
to explain what his object is.
Mr. HARRIS. There is an article of wire in
the market covered with silk or cotton which it is
supposed will escape paying duty under the pro-
visions of the bill as it stands; and it is intended
that it shall pay the same duty as though it were
not covered. That is all there is about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 7, from lines sixty-
six to seventy-one of that section, are provisions
in relation to sheet iron. I understand, from gen-
tlemen who are familiar with that matter—and I
should have stated it to the committee if I had had
my information in time—that the superior qual-
ity of sheet iron will bear a higher duty than even
the committee have put upon them. I see they
have raised the quality mentioned in line sixty-
nine, from $2 to $4, and in line seventy-one they
have raised the duty from #3 to $5. 1 move that
the "four" be made "eight," and the "five,"
"ten." I understand the article will bear that
duty well enough, and it will favor the manufac-
turers of this country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the Chair to suggest that that proposi-
tion is not in order at this time. After the bill
shall be reported to the Senate and the question
comes upon concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, the Senator's
proposition will be in order. It is a proposition
now to change an amendment already agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I rather wanted to bring the
matter to the attention of the committee than to
seek to change the duty.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That Horn and after the 1st
dny of November, 18(KJ, all acta and parts* of acts granting
allowances or bounties on the tonnage ol vessels employed
in the bank or other cod fUheues, be, and the same uru
hereby, repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
not insist upon that. If it is sought to put it into
this bill, it will give rise to a debate in this body
and iu the other House, which will entirely pre-
vent us from adjourning at the time at which we
expect to adjourn. It cannot be expected that
such a proposition will be suffered to pass in si-
lence. It always occasions debate, and 1 do not
want to enter into it now. The Senator will em-
barrass the whole bill exceedingly if he insists
upon pressing it at this period of the session. If
he wants to bring it up, let him do so at the next
session,
Mr. LOWELL. It would afford me great pleas-
ure to defer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine if I could properly do so. It is not my
fault that this question is brought up here now.
I presented a bill to the Senate to effect this very
object in the early part of the session, and had it
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I re-
quested the chairman of that committee some halt
a dozen times to take action on the bill, and report
it either favorably or adversely. They did not
choose to do so. I regard this bounty to vessels
engaged in these fisheries as a thing that ought
not to exist. In my judgment all these bounties
are wrong, and have been wrong from the begin-
ning, If any reason ever did exist for them it
has certainly long since passed, and at this time
when the people are being taxed to their utmost
capacity of endurance, I think all -these drains
upon the Treasury ought to be put an end to.
Ilcnowthis thing is not very large in these times;
the saving of five or six hundred thousand dollars
to the Treasury in a year when we have such large
expenditures as we nave now, looks rather small;
but I am confident no greater evil in a small way
has existed for years in this Government than this
bestowal of bounty upon the vessels engaged in
the cod fisheries. The officers of the Treasury
have reportgd that it is a nursery more for fraud
and perjury (which is the language of one of the
reports I have before me) than for encouraging and
training of seamen. If I possibly could, through
any organized committee of the Senate to which
this subject would properly go, getseparate action
on it, I most certainly would not have incumbered
this or any other bill with it. I offered it at the
last session as an amendment to one of the revenue
bills, and the objection was made that it was at
the wrong time and the wrong place. Availing
myselfof the decision of the Senate, which thought
that was the wrong time and place, and many
Senators having said they would vote for it as an
independent proposition, I presented it early in
the session, and I have asked the committee to re-
port it, but I can get no response from them. I
notified the Senate that I would bring the subject
up, and move it as an amendment to this bill; and
I must, with the greatest possible desire to accom-
modate the Senator from Maine, insist upon it.
If the Committee on Commerce would report the
bill, so that I could get a vote on it, I should be
satisfied. I said to them, " report it adversely, if
you are againstit, and I will move to reverse your
decision." That committee know well that I have
talked with them for months upon the subject; but
1 did not like to get up in the Senate, make a pub-
lic clamor, and offer a resolution to compel them
to report. It seems that I cannot get action on the
subject. If I offer an independentbill, it is buried
in committee for six months, notwithstanding my
efforts to getit back. When I offer it as an amend-
ment to a revenue bill, it is out of time and out of
place. After having been pendulated between rev-
enue bills and committees for such a length of time,
1 must insist upon a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed to
argue the matter; but if Senators think of passing
such aproposition,they must makeup their minds
not to talk about any day of adjournment bein~
fixed at present.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ay 1, noes 13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote is
very far short of a quorum.
Mr. POWELL. If there is nota quorum pies-
ent, I will not embarrass the body by pressing the
amendment now. I withdraw it for the present;
I can move it again in the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I propose to amend the. bill
on page 42, line twenty-seven of section fifteen,
by striking out the word " two" and inserting
" one."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be done in
committee; it can be done in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey is to amend an amend-
ment already agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. So it appears.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order.
The bil+was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, and this question will be
put on all the amendments in the aggiegate, except
such as may be designated for a separate vote.
• Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to reserve the amend-
ment made on the 22d page.
Mr. POWELL. Allow me. I wish to make
a proposition to the Senator from Maine wiio has
charge of this bill. If the amendment which I
have offered will embarrass it very much 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That subject
is not now in order.
Mr. POWELL. I know it is not in order; but
to facilitate matters, if the Committee on Com-
merce will report the bill to repeal the fishing
bounties to-morrow morning, ami let me have the
yeas and nays on it, I will not insist on that
amendment to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator desire a separate vote on any of the amend-
ments agreed to in committee?
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to state when in-
terrupted a moment ago, that I wish a separate vote
on the amendment made on page 22, line twenty-
seven of section eight, which relates to the duty
on rags.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
reserved for a separate vote. Does any Senator
desire any other amendment reserved?
Mr. GRIMES. I desire a separate vote on the
subject of white and red lead on page 21, lines
twenty-two and twenty-three of section seven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
the subject of a separate vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire also a separate vote
on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio, relating to goods water-borna and in ware-
bouse. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to reserve for a sep-
arate vote the amendment of the committee on
page 42, line twenty-seven, which relieves the pro-
hibition on the export of guano for two years. I
wish to make an amendment restricting it to one
year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
reserved for a separate vote. The question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, except such as have been
designated for separate votes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Was it not understood by
the Senator from Massachusetts that the amend-
ment as to the duty on books was to be reserved?
I wish it to be reserved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the Chair
understand the Senator from Rhode Island. Does
he designate a particular amendment for a sepa-
rate vote ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The duty on books.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will he desig-
nate the page and line.
Mr. ANTHONY. Page 22, line twenty-four,
of section eight.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, except such as have
been reserved for a separate vote.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
reserved amendment is to strike out the following
proviso, commencing in line twenty-seven of sec-
tion eight, on page 22:
Provided, Tiiat all imported cotton and linen rags for the
manufacture of paper shall be tree of duty.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senate were rather
hasty when they struck those words out. They
come to us from the other House, and it is under-
stood that they were introduced, after some dis-
cussion, on the proposition of a gentleman of the
House who is very familiar with the subject. On
the face of it it is obviously another tax on knowl-
edge. It is a tax on rags; but the o-nly object of
rags when imported is to make paper, and there-
fore a tax on rags is virtually a tax on paper; and
as a tax on paper, it is a tax on knowledge.
By the tax bill which we have already passed,
paper is taxed 3 per cent.; but if you impose an
additional duty on the rags which enter into the
manufacture'of paper, you tax it double. In
point of fact, I believe it is more than double. It
requires nearly two pounds of rags to make one
pound of paper, and hence a duty of 10 per cent,
on each pound of rags is equal to nearly 20 per
cent, on each pound t>f paper, in addition to the
3 per cent, tax imposed by the tax bill. I am told
that the business of paper making, for the last
few years, has been very much depressed, and
that there are now many mills wholly idle.
As I said in the beginning, I think the Senate
acted hastily when they struck out this provision,
which has come to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives. I hope now that by their vote the
Senate will restore the bill in this respect to the
condition in which it was as it came to us from
the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That provision was not
recommended originally by the Committee of
Ways and Means, but was inserted by the House
of Representatives upon the suggestion of one of
the Representatives from Boston, who is said to
be engaged very largely in the paper business. I
