2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
no reason assigned why the school^ should not be
returned to Annapolis fit the beginning of the next
scholastic year. Everybody, who knows any-
thing about the school and the accommodations
for it at these two places, must admit that there
is no comparison between them. I am casting; no
reflections upon Newport orits citizens; I recently
enjoyed their hospitality; hut, sir, the Govern-
ment has already expended, as my colleague says,
§500,000—and nearer $1,000,000 than $500,000—
in fitting up the beautiful and appropriate build-
ings at AnnapoHs'for this school. It is a beauti-
ful spot, and has all the buildings and all the
surroundings required for the school. It is a
healthful spot, and in the midst of a population
who, so far as their morals are concerned, are
without reproach. Although wc arc not generally
a Maine law people in my State, yet the Maine
law has been strictly enforced in the city of An-
napolis for the last four years, and 1 believe there
has been no instance in winch any boy at the
Naval Academy has been able to obtain liquor.
Itis the universal opinion of those members of the
academy with whom I have conversed on the
subject (hat the boys at the academy have suf-
fered nothing morally while at Annapolis. Then,
sir, the climate is more salubrious than that of
Newport. They have three months more in the
year for out-door exercise and drilling* Thus the
health of the school is better promoted. The
State of Maryland being perfectly quiet, and not
an enemy within a hundred miles of that city,
there can be no objection of a military character
to having the school returned to Annapolis. Be-
yond that, 1 say the fact is patent, to this House
and to the country that the expense of the school
is much less at Annapolis than it will be at New-
port; and I think that when this nation is having
uurdens put upon it for the prosecution of this
war and the suppression of the rebellion that are
almost intolerable, it becomes us to economize in
those particulars in which economy is possible.
Now, sir, if any gentleman can controvert a
single one of these positions, that the buildings at
Annapolis are more advantageous for the school
than those at Newport; that the climate is more
salubrious; that the hoys have a better opportu-
nity for drill and out-door exercise; and that the
expense at Annapolis is much less than that at
Newport—if any gentleman can controvert these
positions, I will say nothing more upon the sub-
ject; but if these are facts, I cannot understand
how fair-dealing, liberal-minded, patriotic gentle-
men can favor the permanent removal of the
school fioin exposition where it has always enjoyed
these advantages, and where, moreover, it is im-
mediately under the eye of the Government and
under the eye of members of Congress, all of
whom are personally interested in hoys at the
school.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not desire to discuss
at all the comparative merits of these two places
for the permanent location of the school. It is not
a fit question to be raised upon this appropriation
bill. The facts in regard to the matter arc just
these: the school was icmovcd from Annapolis by
reason of a military necessity that could not be
avoided at that time.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have not objected to that.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The place where the school
was kept belonged to the Military Departmentof
the Government. It was the site of Fort Severn.
It was borrowed, in fact, by the Navy Depart-
ment in 1844, when the school was ordered there.
Whether this school should remain there perma-
nently oi not is a question which I do not pro-
pose to enter into no w. i have visited both places.
Annapolis is a very pleasant, charming place for
a school. Nobody will dispute that. There are
some advantages on the side of Newport, but I
do not propose to discuss them at all. It may
be necessary before Congress adjourns to pass
some law for the reorganization of the school, and
fixing the permanent place for its location, and
then these arguments will be in place. But you
have got the school at Newport. Itjs impossible
to return it to Annapolis now, because the build-
ings there are occupied by the Army. They have
a right to occupy them as long as they choose.
They are using them now as a hospital,and how
long they will retain them for that purpose nobody
can say,
■ Mr. WEBSTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for one moment>
Mr. SEDGWICK. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. The next scholastic year
does not commence till the middle of September.
The boys go on a three months'cruise, and in that
time the buildings can be prepared.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The buildings at Newport
are rented; the contract for renting them is made
now.
Mr. WEBSTER. For how long?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The contract is made now,
and, besides, it is only the first class that goes on
this experimental voyage. They do not move the
whole school into a ship and take it across the
ocean. It is absolutely necessary to provide by
law for paying the rent which you have incurred
by a contract already made. When it will be pos-
sible to return the school to A nnapolis, then it will
be time to consider in respect to it. It may be done,
I suppose, as it was originally put there by an
order of the Secretary, whenever it is no longer
necessary to hold it for military purposes. But it
is not proper or necessary now to legislate on the
subject in an appropriation bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply want to say to the
gentleman from Maryland that if ever lie wants to
get this school back to Maryland, that State must
abolish slavery. We will never send our young
men to be educated under the influences of that
institution.
Mr. Webster's amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to amend the amendment by inserting after the
words " Naval Academy," and before the words
" at Newport," the word "temporarily." 1 do
not object, Mr. Chairman, to the tempoiary re-
moval of the school from Annapolis to Newpoit.
Doubtless there was at the time a military neces-
sity for the removal. What I do object to is that
there should be nny action by this House which
might be considered a declaration on the part of
the Mouse designating Newport as the place at
which the school is to be permanently fixed. I
object to the appropriation in the form in which
it now is, for the same reason that gentlemen on
the other side objected to the amendments offered
by my colleague. I do not object to the appio-
priatioo itself, because J feel the necessity of meet-
ing the contract already made, and of paying tlje
expenses of the institution where it is, and so long
as it maybe required to stay there. I simply de-
sire that this appropriation may show on its face
that this House does not undertake to determine
what shall be the future location of that institu-
tion.
While I am up, I beg leave to correct what is,
in my judgment, an error into which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] has fallen,
lie says that these grounds belong to the War De-
partment. In one sense that is true; but in another
sense it is not true. Old Fort Severn, which did
not comprehend over one fourth the grounds used
by this school, was the property of the War De-
partment, and was turned over by the War De-
partment to the Navy Department. That was
some eighteen or nineteen years ago. At every
session, from that period down to the present time,
Congress has recognized that exchange, and has
iccognizcd the grounds as the property of the
Navy Department for the purposes of this school.
There have been appropriations made at every
session from that period down to the present time,
all recognizing that as the Naval School situated
at Annapolis.
More than that, Mr. Chairman, this Govern-
ment has gone to the State of Maryland and has
solicited tliatState to yield up to the Government
of the United States these grounds, just in the
heart of her own capital, and surrounding the
grounds apptopriated to the executive buildings,
that they might be applied to the purposes of this
Naval School. The State of Maryland, by her
legislation, yielded up jurisdiction over the lands
for that purpose. Not for the purpose of a fort,
or of a hospital, or for any purpose but that of
a Naval School. Any gentleman who goes there
will see that the grounds thus yielded up actually
surround the grounds and buildings belonging to
the executive mansion of our State. «The State of
Maryland has granted them upon this condition.
It is so expressed in her legislation, and m the
grants. The Government of the United States
has accepted them for that purpose. If the land
is to be appropriated to any other purpose, I ask,
in justice, that it shall be retroceded to the State
of Maryland. Originally, a small patch of this
land, just as much as was occupied by old Fort
Severn, was the property of the War Department.
But it has been turned over; and two, three, or
five times the amount of land added to it, and
buildings innumerable put up there under the
laws of Congress, recognizing that as the Naval
Academy.
What I want is, to insert in the provision the
word "temporarily," to the end, not that the
House shall now determine what shall be the final
location of the school, but to repel the idea that
by an appropriation for the expenses of the school
at Newport this Government is committed to its
establishment there. I want this done for the very
reason that was urged against the amendments of-
fered by my colleague, [Mr. Webster.] I want
the House and the Government not to declare now
and here that this school is permanently estab-
lished at Newport.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I did not
intend to trespass upon the time of the committee
in the discussion of this matter at all. I should
not have done so had not one gentleman here seen
fit to introduce something which seems to reflect
on the character of the people of my city. I re-
gret that the necessities of this case should have
induced him to present that newspaper article to
the consideration of the committee and of the coun-
try at this time. It is the first time the subject
has been brought to my attention, and I regret
exceedingly, as much as any man can regret, that
there is even one man in the State of Rhode Isl-
and, who does not look upon disloyalty as the
greatest crime that can be committed against civ-
ibzed society; and if this Mr. Weeden,who lias
spoken about this matter, looks upon it as a trivial
offense, I am sorry for him. That is all 1 have
to say with reference to this part of the matter.
I am surprised, Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Webster] shouldundcrtake
to urge upon the consideration of this committee
and of the country, as a reason for restoring this
institution to the State of Maryland, something
that was discreditable to the State of Rhode Island,
a Suae which, I may say here, has a name and a
part in history.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I hope my friend from
Rhode Island will not shoot into the flock. I did
not say a word with leferencc to Rhode Island.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am not replying to the
gentleman, but to his colleague. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, it is a fact that when this school was driven
from the city of Annapolis by the people of Mary-
land, the men of Rhode Island were there to pro-
tect the school and the Government 
Mr. CRISFIELD. I protest against that decla-
ration. The school was nevei di i veu ftoiri Mary-
land by the act of the people of Maryland.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I take issue with the gen-
tleman on a matter of fact with regard to that. I
assert again that the school was driven from the
State of Mary land, and it was the people of Rhode
Island who sent their men there, not only to pro-
tect that institution, but to protect and enforce the
authority of the Government of the United States
in the State of Maryland, and to protect the loyal
people of theft State. Now, sir, I tell the gentle-
man and his friends, now and here, that I am
opposed at any time to have the young men of
the country, who are to go out in our Navy and
to represent the honor of our flag on distant seas,
educated among a people whose loyalty and sub-
ordination to theGovemmentand to the laws must
be enforced by the military power. 1 am opposed
to having our young men educated under influ-
ences such as those which compelled an institution
to be broken up because a majority of its professors
threw off their allegiance to the Government.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man. I am in favorof passing a law locating this
institution, I frankly tell the gentleman, outside
the State of Maryland.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we have
got pretty nearly all the juices out of this subject;
and I, therefore, move that the committee rise for
the purpose of closing debate upoi^this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particulaily
