1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 17,
house door. I certainly prefer the method of ad-
vertising. And if there are counties in Kentucky
such as my colleague describes, of course there
will be no objection to posting the notice on the
court-house door.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I suppose I should pre-
fer the system of advertising if I had a favorite
editor in my district, to whose paper I wanted to
give the work.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the editors in my
friend's districtare not all against him. [Laugh-
ter ] •
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I beg leave to say that I
could almost count the men in Kentucky who are
readers of them. A great portion of the tax
payers in my district do not take them; they, are
not able to do it; and if they are able now, they
will not be when they have to pay the taxes you
propose to levy upon them. I am perfectly sat-
isfied that if the Committee of Ways and Means
will examine the suggestion I have made, they
will find that not only will the mode of advertis-
ing proposed be infinitely more expensive, but it
will not accomplish so good an object as posting
the notice in a placard on the court-house doors.
Every man will go there to ascertain the charac-
ter of his assessment. It is the only place in which
the sales of lands in payment for taxes are adver-
tised, and I am sure in my section of the country—
and I only speak for that—it will be found the
only practicable way of advertising these assess-
ments. Every man visits the court-house, and if
he can read theseadvertisements there,it will save
him the trouble, perhaps, of riding twenty or
thirty miles to borrow the Louisville Journal or
the Louisville Democrat, to see how his property
has been assessed. I will not, however, as I have
said, make any motion. I do not desire in any
way to embarrass the Committee of Ways and
Means in reference to this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermont. I move to amend,
in the fifth line, by inserting after the word "writ-
ten," the words "orprinted," so that it will read
" by written or printed notifications," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROIjLED BILLS.
Thecommittec informally rose; and theSpeakcr
having resumed the chair,
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No.
114) authorizing floats to issue in satisfaction of
claims against the United States for lands sold by
them within the LasOrmigas and La Nana grants,
in the State of Louisiana; and a bill (H. R. No.
341) to authorize the purchase, of coin, and for
other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
same.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I propose at the proper
time to offer an amendment to this sixteenth sec-
tion. I expected to be able to do it now or that
some other gentleman would do it; but by some
misunderstanding it has not been prepared. I
suggest, therefore, that the section had better be
passed over informally, as the section will have
to be redrawn. The amendmentis to provide that
every person shall be taxed where he resides, no
matter where his property may be. There would
be infinite inconvenience in assessing persons for
persona) property at places otherthan those where
they reside, especially under the manufacturer's
tax. I therefore suggest that the section be passed
over for the present.
Mr. STEVENS. I see what the gentleman's
object is, and it seems to be a proper one. As he
is not prepared with his amendment, the section
had better be passed over.
There being no objection, the section was
passed over informally, for the present.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend the sev-
enteenth section by striking out, in the twenty-
first line, the words "and ten cents per mile for
each and every mile traveled;" so that the sec-
tion will read;
Sec. 17. Mnibeitfarther enacted, That there shall be al-
lowed and paid to the several assessors and assistant as-
sessor*, for their services under this act—to each a«ses«ur
two dollars per day for everyday employed in making the
necessaiy ariangements and giving the necessary lnstrue-
lions to the assistant assessorbfor the valuation; and thiee
dollars per day for everyday employed in hearing appeals,
revising valuations, and making out lists agreeably to the
provisions of this act; and one dollar for every hundred
taxable persons contained in the tax list, as delivered by
him to said collectors, and forwarded to the Commissioner
of Interna] Revenue ; to each assistant assessor two dollars
for every day actually employed m collecting lists and mak-
ing valuations, the number of days neccssaiy for that pur-
pose to be certified by the assessor and approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and one dollar for
every hundred taxable persons contained in the tax list,
as completed and delivered by him to the assessor. And
the said assessors and assistant assessors, respectively,
sliall also be allowed their necessary and reasonable charges
for stationery and blank-books used in the execution of
theii duties, and the compensation herein specified shall
be in full for all expenses not otherwise particularly au-
thorized.
It seems to me that the compensation allowed
the assessors here is too much. It is, if I under-
stand this section. I think the compensation is
sufficient without the mileage. I do not know
precisely what it will amount to, but it seems to
me that it is too high.
Mr. OLIN. I have examined this feature of
the bill with some care, and my own impression is
that although the salaiies provided generally by
this bill are perhaps adequate, the committee have
fixed the salaries of the assessors too low. The
services required to be performed are to be per-
formed at a less expense than even the assessors
in the districts in my State receive. They get
$1 50 a day. Now, to enable a man to discharge
the duties of these assessors requires not only a
great and comprehensive knowledge of the ques-
tions to be submitted to them, but it requires
men of ability and capacity properly to discharge
the duties; and the House will make the greatest
of all mistakes if they place the salary for the dis-
charge of these duties at a rate that will not com-
mand the services of the best business capacity of
the community. I know well, from my knowl-
edge of those duties, as they have hitherto been
discharged in our own State, that the greatest
faults have been committed under our system of
government by electing to office men who are
wholly unfit for the discharge of the duties. As
I have said before, the whole machinery of this
bill is novel in its character so far as the admin-
istration of the affairs of our State or Federal Gov-
ernment is concerned, and it would be unwise and
injudicious so to regulate that machinery that you
will not make it an object for men to discharge
these duties who have the ability to do so,by giv-
ingthem a compensation such as they could earn
in the business in which they are enlaced.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the gentle-
man point out to the House wherein the duties
prescribed in this bill are more complicated and
difficult to perform than the duties of assessors in
the cities usually are?
Mr. OLIN. I will do it in an instant, I think,
to the comprehension of my friend. The com-
plication and difficulty arises, first, in the ma-
chinery provided in the bill, and from the multi-
plied objects of taxation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are they not all
specific taxes?
Mr. OLIN. They are; but they are novel.
Mr. STEVENS. Not all of them.
Mr. OLIN. Some of them are. As a general
thing they are; but not all. In the ordinary tax-
ation within the States, there has not only been a
system created, but it has been administered for
years; the people of the entire State have become
accustomed to it, and an intelligent officer, having
discharged his duties, has famihanzed his suc-
cessor with their proper discharge, and the whole
system of taxation within the State has become
familiar not only to the officers who administer
it, but to the whole people of the State. This
bill effects a radical change m that respect, and
like every other radical change in the administra-
tion of the law, it will take a long time to imbue
the whole community with a knowledge of the
provisions of such a law, and until they are so
instructed the administration of the law is always
difficult and attended with great disadvantages
and with gross errors. That is the reason why
radical changes in the policy of the Government
are always to be avoided, if practicable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "ten,,Jm the twenty-first
line, and inserting " five" in lieu thereof.
If we could have any assurance that the persons
to be employed in the assessment and collection
of these taxes would comprise the best talent in the
States, then I think the argument of the gentleman
from New York would have a great deal in it; but
I think we can scarcely aver that even the appoint-
ments to foreign embassies in these days of the
Republic comprise the best talent in any State of
the Union. I think that the men who will be em-
ployed eventually in carrying out the provisions
of tnis bill will be about the same class of persons
now employed in the assessment and collection
of State taxes in the interior. We certainly have
no reason to expect at present that they will be
of that class of persons who are entitled to a higher
rate of compensation, and it has struck me from
the first moment that I read this bill that the com-
pensation is entirely too large, considering that we
are passing this bill, or considering it, in a day of
retrenchment and reform. It is proposed to cut
down the salaries of all officers, and now you pro-
pose, by the provisions of this bill, to enlarge the
salary of officers of precisely the same grade as
those provided for by this bill. I should prefer
myself that the two dollars a day should be re-
duced to one dollar and a half, that the three dol-
lars a day should be reduced to two dollars, and
that the mileage should be reduced to five cents.
You will find that there will be plenty of persons
competent to carry out the provisions of this bill
who will be applicants for the offices created by
it. There is no danger at all upon that score.
When you find hundreds of men here struggling
for offices in this city that are worth only five or
six hundred dolhrsa year, you need have no fear
upon that score; and when we desire to raise the
most money at the least expense, I suggest that
the committee should be willing to agree to this
reduction of the expenses created by the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. If my colleague will with-
draw his amendment, I have prepared a substi-
tute which I think will meet his views.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to strike out from line
one to line eighteen, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That there shall be allowed and paid to the several as-
sessors and assistant assessors for tlieir services under this
act, the following sums: to each assessor three dollars a
day for eveiy day necessarily spent in the discharge of his
duties, and to each assistant assessor two dollars a day for
every day neccssauly spent m the discharge of his duties.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order at this time. The amendment pending
is to strike out the mileage in the twenty-firstline,
and the gentleman's amendment is not germane to
that.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I will offer the amend-
ment at the proper time. It takes off the mileage
and also the extra compensation for making out
these additional lists. In short, it only pays the
assessor three dollars a day, and the assistant as-
sessors two dollars a day for the time when they
are necessarily employed. I think it had better
be simplified in this way. I think that good men
can be employed for these respective sums. It
would give about a thousand dollars a year to the
assessor, and about six hundred dollars a year to
his assistants. I shall offer that amendment in
the proper time, and I think it will commend it-
self to the good sense of the committee.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I renew the motion to
strike out " ten," and to insert "five," so as to
make the mileage five cents a mile.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand thegentleman
from Ohio to modify his motion. I prefer, there-
fore, to put my amendment in a more tangible
form. I will state what I propose to do in order
to perfect the amendment which I have in my
mind. I propose, in line three, to strike out " two
dollars," andinsert" one dollar and fifty cents;"
inline six,to strike out" threedollars,"andinsert
"two dollarsto strike out all in reference to
allowing one dollar for every one hundred tax
payers on the list; and to strike out the mileage
entirely. I prefer to have the mileage stricken
out; and I think the gentleman from Ohio should
insist on his amendment as originally proposed
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do insist upon it; but I
want first to perfect the clause by reducing the
rate of mileage.
Mr. HICKMAN. As the gentleman's prop-
osition is to reduce the rate to five cents per mile,
I propose to strike it out entirely.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I move a pro
forma amendment for the purpose of saying this:
the duties of assessors arc going to be exceedingly
important in various localities. I take it, that in
