1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
the bill of the House (No. 242) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
when the House again resolves itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
debate upon the first section of the bill under con-
sideration be closed in half a minute after the
committee shall again resume its session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
stnte of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasii-
buiine in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Inasmuch as gen-
tlemen are not able to agree as to any place upon
the Atlantic sea-board for the location of the Na-
val School, I will move that it be located at Roclc
Island, in the Mississippi river. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man is not in order.
The question being 'upon Mr. Crisfield's
amendment,
Mr. CRISFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Sedgwick
was adopted.
Mr, HOLMAN moved to amend by striking
out the following clause of the first section:
For preparing for publication the American Nautical Al-
manac, $25,880.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that no debate is in order.
Mr. HOLM AN. I thought the paragraph of the
bill on which debate was closed had been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. It was closed upon the
section under consideration, and this paragraph
is included in that section.
Mr, HOLMAN. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to have a letter from the office of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing on this appropri-
ation read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object.
The committee divided on the amendment; and
there wero—ayps 2, noes 65; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLFAX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 6, noes 81; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The CJeik will call the
roll.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I am willing to withdraw the.
demand for a division if I can have the consent of
the committee to have road a shortcommunication
from the office of the Superintendent of Public
Printing.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I do not understand
that after the House has ordered that all debate
shall cease, the committee can, even by unani-
mous consent, allow the letter to be road.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Michigan object?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. No, sir; I will not
object.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Office Sui'eitivtfnornt or Pubmo Printino,
May 19, 1862.
Sir: The Superintendent is not in at present, and a*
your nolo rcqunc-? an immediate answer, I will state that
this office possesses every facility foi printing the Nautical
Almanac, and that the estimated en?t of printing and bind-
ing: it (if no Jaigei (liaa the la*>t one printed) does not ox
ceod S3,Out) for one thousand copies
Very lespeotlully, WILL. TOWERS.
Hon. W. S. Holman, House of Representatives.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following section being under consider-
ation—
Sec. 2. .find be it further enacted, That the pay of Navy
captains or commanders who, under ex istmglaw* as duels
of bureaus, perform duty under the appointment of the
President, confirmed by the Senate, sh.ill be that of cap-
tains {{ o« other dutv," to take effect from the date of the
act i emulating the pay of the Navy, approved 1st of June,
18G0, second section,
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting, as
follows:
That any commissioned officer of the Navy who shall, in
pursuance of law, perform duty as chief or assistant of a
bureau in the Navy Department, shall receive the pay of
a captain of the Navy on other duty, not, however, exceed-
ing the s>um ot §3,500 pci annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. I find the pay of a captain
of the Navy while "on other uuty " to be, all
told, some thirty-six hundred dollars. I ask the
gentleman why he states the pay to be that of a
captain in the Navy, and then fixes it at $3,500?
Mr. SEDGrWICK. For the reason that under
certain circumstances the pay of a captain in the
Navy may ru n up above $3,500, and it was thought
advisable, therefore, to limit the compensation to
that amount.
Mr. HOLMAN. I find the pay of a captain
of the Navy to be fixed by law, when " on other
duty," at $3,600. Now, what I desire to ask the
gentleman from New York is, whether thisamend-
merit increases the pay of these heads of bureaus
or diminishes it ?
Mr. SEDGWICK, It is alimitation upon their
pay.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the pay of the heads
of bureaus ?
Mr. SEDGAVICK. Three thousand five hun-
dred dollars, I think.
Mr. MAYNARD. There seems to be a good
deal of ignorance in reference to some of the pro-
visions of this bill,and as there is Httle probability
of the committee being enlightened in reference
to them this evening, 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope not until
we shall have gone through with the bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
The following section of the bill being under
consideration:
Sec. 3. Jim I he it further enacted, That the pay ol the
clerk* of the navy-yard and navy agency at IVIaic Island
shall be a? follows, namely: one cleik to navy agent,$2,000
per annum ; one cleikto navy agent, $1,500 j one clerk to
the commandant, $1,300; one cleric ot the yard, $1,500;
one clerk to the p.ij ma^tei and inspector <>t provision*, fee ,
§•1,500, one clerk to the naval constiuctor, $900; one clerk
to the civil engineer, $900; one draughtsman to civil en-
gineer, $I,*200 one steward to payniii&tei,§730.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by redu-
cing the salaries named, as follows:
Line thiee, strike out "$2,000" and inseit "$1,500."
Line four, btnko out u$l3500" and in.sort ,$1,200."
Line five, stnke out " $1,500" and insert " $1,200."
Lino six. strike out " $1,500" and insert ftUUU."
Line eight, stuke out " $1,500"" and insert u $900."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vetmonl, moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
wilh the recommendation that it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wastiburne reported that
tho Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 242) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending 30th
of June, 1863, and had instructed him to report
the same back to the House, with sundry amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that, as
amended, it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire a sep-
arate vote on the amendment relative to the navy-
yard «t Mare Island, California, and I desire to
say that if that amendment is adopted, it will not
only prevent any vessels fiom being built there,
but it will prevent the vessels of the Government
from being repaired there.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WEBSTER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the amendment relative to
the appropriation for the Naval School.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendments reported from the committee
were severally read and adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider, on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OJ? HOMESTEAD BIMi.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Printing;
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
five thousand copies of the homestead Ml), in pamphlet
form.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
ROBERT SMALL AND OTHERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion for a single moment.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to take from
the Speaker's table and put on ils passage Senate
bill No. 317, for the benefit of Robert Small and
others.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to suspend the
rules. And now, as this will come up as the first
business on Monday next, I am willing the House
should adjourn.
INDIAN AJL'PBOPKIATZOJ*
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by
unanimous consent,the Indian appropriation bill,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, were
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
And then,on motion of Mr.WOOD, (at twenty-
five minutes past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 20, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Isaac Ferris, D. D,, Chancel-
lor of the University of New York,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of one hun-
dred and five merchants of New York, praying
forthe passage ofageneral uniform bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. KING presented a petition of one hundred
and thirty-four merchants of New York, praying
for the passage of a general uniform bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.^-
He also presented a petition of citizens of War-
wick, Oiango county. New York,praying forthe
construction of a ship canal between Lake Michi-
gan and the Mississippi river; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the establishment of a tri-weekly mail route
from the town of Washington, in Washington
county, to Rice's Landing, in Greene county,
Pennsylvania, which wore referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the passage of an
efficient law for the confiscation of the property of
rebels; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
Colonel Robcit F. Winslow, praying payment for
services rendered in organizing a regiment of vol-
unteers, and to he reimbursed moneys advanced
by him; winch was ii'fevied to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS C03IMITTBE3.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred thememoiial of Thomas Blag-
den and others, praying compensation for a map
of a topographical survey of the District of Co-
lumbia, seized by the War Department for the use
of the Government, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No.
113) concerning the closing of the office of the
surveyor general at St. Louis, and for other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back ad-
versely, and also to ask for the immediate con-
