s
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32ST
a city or manufacturing village, wliere the duties
are returned once a month throughout the entire
year, it will perhaps be indispensable that the
assistant assessor shall devote nearly his whole
time to his duties. It is, therefore, important that
we should be able to employ men of the requisite
ability and integrity to perform these duties; and
we, therefore, must not reduce the pay to so low
a point as that weshould notbeable to command
the requisite talent and integrity. Two dollars
a day is perhaps enough, possibly too much, for
the rural districts; and yet higher rates are paid
m some of the States. I understand that in Ohio
they are paid three dollars a day.
As to the list of tax payers, the assessor is only
to be paid one cent for each name on the list.
That, certainly, is a very low rate of compenpa-
tion. The mileage in cities and manufacturing
towns would be very small; but in the country
districts it would be large.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would inquire ot
the gentleman from Vermont whether the per diem
pay of the assessor is not going on while he is
making out the lists:
Mr."MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be seen
that these lists have to be made out in a very
speedy time. It will not be possible for any as-
sistant assessor to make them out without assist-
ance. I do not think the compensation too much.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I am opposed
to theamendmcntofthegentleman from Vermont,
as I am opposed to this whole system of mileage.
This bill, as I understand it, proposes to pay assess-
ors twenty cents a mile for every mile traveled m
going to and coming from their places of icsidence
—ten cents each way. I think that the compensa-
tion of these assessors, as the compensation of all
officers, should be definitely fixed by the bill itself,
under which they act. If two or three dollars a
day be not sufficient per diem compensation, let
it be fixed at a higher rate. But leave no room for
quibbling about the number of miles that the as-
sessors travel in making up their \aluation. Let
the thing be settled definitely in the bill itself.
Otherwise there will be great frauds committed
upon the Government, and the assessois will re-
ceive more mileage than they are entitled to. I
am therefore opposed to the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ver-
mont,and am 111 favor of the original amendment
to strike out the entire amount of mileage from
this bill.
Mr. NOBLE. 1 understood the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill,] to state that 111 Ohio
the assessors are paid at the rate of three dollars
a day. That is a mistake. By the laws of the
State of Ohio the assessors are paid one dollar and
fifty cents a day, and 110 mileage. In the rural
01st nets there is 110 difficulty 111 getting men well
qualified to discharge their duties, at that com-
pensation; and 111 the cities, as has been justly
said, there is very little mileage to be charged. I
am therefore 111 favor of striking out the mileage
altogether.
Mr. JOHNSON. As there seems to be some
difficulty about this matter ot mileage, I would
suggest that the same calculation of mileage now
fixed for marshals and deputy maishais—multi-
plying the square root of taxable peisons by the
square root of the number of square miles 111 the
distiict—be applied to these assessors.
The question being 011 the amendment of Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont,
Mr. MORRILL withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutch-
ins] by increasing the rate of mileage to fifteen
cents per mile. I am content, to be sure, with the
ten cents rate, but if it is going to be disturbed,
I would prefer fifteen cents to five cents.
Now, there is a great sensitiveness about pay-
ing officials; and we are told that the men can be
got to fill offices in this city at $000 ayear. That
may be so; but nine out. of every ten of them can
neither read nor write. They are men of the very
lowest business capacity. They are respectable
in their way; but are wholly unfit for duties ot
this kind. While my colleague, sitting m his
office, will direct his clerk to make out a deed, and
will charge five dollars for it, he thinks that jjl 50
a day is quite enough for a man who peifoims
the duties of an assessor. I cannot look upon
things in that way. In the first place, the posi-
tion requires men of intelligence and integrity.
The assessor has not only to go around and as-
sess horses and cows, &c., but he is to exercise
his intelligence and discretion in assessing the ad
valorem duties imposed by this act. Now, what
kind of qualifications would these $600 a year
men be supposed to possess? When the asses-
sor goes into a distillery, he is to ascertain,in the
first place, the grade of proof, and then he is to
calculate the amount of duties, according to the
table in which the rates are specified. It is not
every man in the community who is fit for busi-
ness of that kind. He has to make examination
into intricate books and accounts, so as to be able
to detect any errors or frauds. These duties re-
quire first rate men to perform them. Such men
must be employed, if this bill is to have any effi-
ciency at all. Woodjobbers may be got at $1 50
a day; but though they may be very respectable
men, they would make poor work at assessing
these taxes.
Now, as to the mileage question. In the cities
the mileage would be nothing; butin the country,
and especially in the less settled parts of it, a man
cannot hire a horse, if he stays out over night,
for the money allowed here.
As to the allowance for copying lists, the copy-
ing will be done by hired clcrks; and I think that
one cent a name—especially where there are long
names, as in Chester county—is pretty poor pay
for competent men. I believe that for every dol-
lar you reduce the compensation of these assess-
ors, you will reduce the revenue five dollars. In-
stead of being a saving to the Government, it will,
011 the conttary, be a great loss. You will then
employ men who are fit for nothing else^ than to
rcceive small means for very small abilities.
And what these assessors will receive will be
taxed under this bill as a part of their income, at
three per cent. Perhaps the bill will come back
from the Senate with twenty per cent. more. But
if we are to reduce all of these matters, as sug-
gested, then there will lie few if any left to pay a
tax to the Government at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi. HICKMAN. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman's logic would be sound if it were not con-
tradicted by every day's experience failing under
his observation as well as my own. I conceive
that I repiescnt the best district in the United
States, and I think that my colleague will not dis-
pute that statement, yet I will undertake to find
in that district enough men to carry out the pro-
visions of this bill at such compensation as 1 have
specified. If we could have any assurance that
the appointments to be made would be of that
class of peisons referred to by my colleague, then
I would say that there would strong reasons for
retaining the pay as provided for in the bill. But
you know, Mr. Chairman, as 1 know, that ap-
pointments have been made to offices, where sal-
aries were paid of $1,500, §'2,000, and §3,000 per
annum, not only here, but abroad, where the men
reallv would have been willing to wotk, if they
had not got the offices they did, for $500 per an-
num. They are men entiiely incompetent to fill
the places to which they have been appointed.
The same thing will occur here when you attempt
to carry out the provisions of this act. It will not
be the best men 111 the community who will be
selected, but the men who can bring the most
party influence to bear in favor of their appoint-
ment. They will be the men selected. They will
not ask the man how well he can write, or with
what facility he can compute. Not at all. But
they will ask him what services he has lendercd
to the party in power. That will be the test of
the man who will secure the appointment. You
may take the rural distucts of the United States,
and unless it is a man engaged in merchandising,
you will find in the different manufacturing oper-
ations or in farming business, any number of
men whom you can hire for $300 a year.
You are to assume, under tile provisions of this
act, when the account comes to be made out, that
every day in the year will be charged for his hav-
ing been employed in the transaction of this busi-
ness. You will find, then, these salaues amount-
in0' to a large sum. One half of the time at foui
dollais n day, and one third at three dollars a
d a v •
Mr.STEVENS. The gentleman doesnotsup-
po'se that these assessors will receive pay for any
days other than those they are entitled to be paid
for?
Mr. HICKMAN. I know thatthe assessment
is to be made in thirty days.
Mr. STEVENS. That is all they can charge
for.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand my col-
league to say that in no event an assessor can
charge for more than than thirty days at two or
three dollars a day r
Mr. STEVENS. They cannot charge for any-
thing after they have done their work, which they
are required to do in thirty days.
Mr. HICKMAN. As I understand the bill, it
is by no means provided that they shall complete
their services in thirty days. At that rate you
cannot provide the high talent which my col-
league would require. If they are to work only
thirty days, and are to be paid only so much per
day for that time, of course he cannot have that
high talent in the assessors of which so much has
been said. But my colleague does not so read the
bill, and does not so understand the bill; and mem-
bers will find that the compensation under this bill
will run up to thousands of dollars. Therefore it
is that I insist on the amendment.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hutchiks's
amendment; and on a division, there were—ayes
56, noes 37.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. NoELLand
Sherman were appointed.
The amendments were agreed to; the tellers
havi ng re ported—ay es fifty-fo u r ,noes not coun ted.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to insert the words
stricken out, substituting five cents for ten cents.
I do not think that I ne;cd long occupy the atten-
tion of the committee with this subject. Certainly
1 do not see why we should object to paying five
cents or ten cents mileage to these assessors when
we accept forty cents mileage ourselves. For one,
1 am in favor of doing away with the mileage
paid to members; but 1 am entirely satisfied when
the committee come to look at the kind of labor
to be done by these officials purely ill the capacity
of traveleis, that they will not deny them some
compensation in the nature of mileage. To do
the duties requited of these assessors, some mode
of conveyance must be provided. A horse or a
horse and carriage will have to be used, and that,
of course, will increase the expenses of the as-
sessor.
I do not believe that it is very commendable,
in shaping out a great measure like this, to en-
deavor to ascertain the lowest possible amount at
which you can employ men to discharge the duties
under it. It is poor, niggardly, and belittling this
House. It is not worthy of the dignity of the
House or of the United States. Let us give these
officers an adequate compensation; and in view of
the duties they will be called on to discharge, I do
not believe that the amount provided by the com-
mittee is too much. Justice, it seems to me, would
require the adoption of my amendment, at least.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Gentlemen 011 the
other side have agreed that this is a reasonable
bill, but that it would take $1,000,000 to execute
it. I agree there is nothing in the bill so commend-
able as the arguments for that item. I undertake
to say to the gentleman from Ohio that lie has
more than five hundred men in his district who
would be glad if he would tender to them the place
of assessor at the compensation we have provided,
men who would perform the work as well as the
gentleman himself. AH over New England we
are in the habit of getting the very best men m
our cities and towns for less than two dollars a
day, and pay them no traveling perquisite. You
propose here not only to pay them two dollars a
day, but when they have got their lists ready, you
provide for paying them one dollar for a single
copy of one hundred names. I am satisfied, it the
assessors arc fit, that they can copy twenty hun-
dred in a day, and thus make twenty dollars in
addition. I refer to the copies of the list of the
persons taxed. This mileage under the bill is an
important item. I do not hesitate to say that you
will get as good men in the community to perform
this service as if a higher price had been provided.
Mr. HUTCfllNS. I move to insert four in-
stead of five cents. I move that amendment, Mr.
Chairman, in order to reply to the argument that
we are putting down below a proper limit the pay
of the assessors. Our objection to this mileage is
that we do not know how much we are going to
