1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taken the interest upon the fund left by that phil-
anthropic Englishman, Smithson, and appropri-
ated some six thousand dollars of it for the sala-
ries of officers. I submit, sir, that the gentleman
has no right, and that the House has no right, to
inquire into the expenditure of that fund.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the interestuponthat
fund appropriated by Congress?
Mr. COX. The expenditure of the interest
upon the Smithsonian fund is under-the direction
of the regents and nobody else. Congress has
nothing to do with it. All that Congress gives is
simply the small amount of $4,000 to aid Smith-
son in his-effort to diffuse useful knowledge among
men—and women also. [Laughter.] 1 hope the
motion made by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Colfax] will, however, prevail. I hope this
amount may be cut down to the extent of $1,000
to satisfy my economical friend on my right, [Mr.
Holman.] I hope a small reduction will be made
upon all these items to satisfy my friend fiom
Indiana, and I think we might spare $1,000from
this amount for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether this is not the sum which has
always been appropriated for this purpose, and
whether that sum has not always been found j
necessary for the purpose of collecting and dis- j
tributing these collections?
Mr. COX. I suppose the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is perfectly familiar
with these matters. I cannot answer, not having
yet been sworn in as regent. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I rose to ask the question,
supposing that I had no right to answer it myself,
when one of the regents was present. [Laughter.]
If the gentleman from Ohio will give me leave to
answer, I will state that this sum has always been
appropriated, and the officers of the institution
report that it is necessary for these purposes.
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I renew the amendment. Be-
fore the question is taken on it, I desire to state
that the sum of $30,000 is always appropriated in
payment of the interest on this Smithson fund,
although the Government itself has never received
any benefitfrom tire fund, and it is only equitably
liable for the interest upon it. Out of that sum,
as I have stated, $6,500 is paid m the shape of
salaries, and if my memory serves me correctly,
over $2,000 is placed under the head of contingent
expenses, although all proper expenses seem to
be covered by the various other items.
Inasmuch, however, as the preservation of this
museum comes as much within the original inten-
tion of the donor as any other purpose to which it
is applied, and is the only really popular feature
of the institution, it seems to me that it can prop-
erly be provided for out of the regular fund.
Mr. COX. For the information of the gentle-
man, I would like to correct him in his statement
about the Government not being liable to pay this
$30,000 interest money. The Government re-
ceived $500,000 from the Smithson estate, and
was unfortunate in the investment of the money.
It invested it, I believe, in Arkansas bonds, which
proved worthless. Itreceived themoney,and was
accountable for it in all honor. And to carry out
the purposes for which the fund was intended,
they are bound to pay the interest upon the sum
at six per cent., which is yearly due from the
United States Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I asserted that the payment
of this $30,000 was munificence, and not justice,
on the part of the Government. I ask the gentle-
man whether the Governmentaeted, in the accept-
ance of this trust, in any other capacity than as
trustee; and whether, as such, the money was not
invested in good faith ?
Mr. COX. I say they did accept the trust, and
got the money. .
Mr. HOLMAN. And did not they act in good
faith in the investment of it, although it was lost?
Mr. COX. 1 think they acted with very bad
judgment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAILY. I move to amend by adding as
follows: . „ , ,
And for buildlnga penitentiary at Bellcviow, m Nebiaska
Territory, .$40,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that there is no law for that appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAILY. I will change the amendment,
then, so as to apply the appropriation to build a
capitol for the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the same point on
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For grading, draining, procuring manure, tools, fuel, and
repairs, purchasing trees and slirubs for botanic garden, to
be expended under the direction of the Library Committee^
of Congress, $3,300.
* Mr. HOLMAN. That is an item which ad-
mits of some modification; and I move to reduce
it from $3,300 to $1,000. I trust that some gen-
tleman connected with the Library Committee,
who has investigated this subject, will enlighten
the House as to the necessity of this appropria-
tion. I think I can assert, in the absence of mem-
bers better informed than myself, that $1,000 will
answer all the demands of this botanic garden.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Chairman, I am not
very familiar with this subject. I saw this morn-
ing the gentleman in charge of this garden,-how-
ever, and he explained to me the necessity of this
appropriation if the House designs to continue
this garden in its present condition. It is neces-
sary, if the House proposes to continue the pur-
chase of trees and shrubbery. If they do not
desire that their purchase should be continued,
then I have no doubt this appropriation may be
reduced $1,000. Gentlemen know that this gar-
den is located where there was once a swamp,
and that there has been a filling ill to the depth of
six or seven feet. A great deal of labor has been
required for that purpose, and for grading, and for
other purposes. The appropriation for grading
and draining is absolutely necessary, notonly for
the preservation of the garden itself, but for the
security of the health of that part of the city. I
do not see how it can possibly be stricken out.
The only feature of the appropriation, it seems
to me, which is susceptible of reduction, is that
which relates to the purchase of trees and shrub-
bery. That, I think, may be reduced $1,000.
I submit to the House that probably it would be
poor economy to interfere with the general opera-
tions of this garden in that regard, simply to save
$1,000.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to reduce the appro-
priation $500.
Mr. Chairman, 1 make this amendment in no
hope that it will pass, but simply to enable me to
express my opposition to any attempt on the part
of this House to strike out this appropriation. I
have looked into this matter somewhat closely,
and I believe that the country has really derived
moie valuable information and more profit from
the experiments made in this botanic garden than
from all of the appropriations made by Congress
for the propagating garden. I believe that every
member of Congress here present will bear me
out in that assertion. I look upon the appropri-
ation just passed for the purchase of seeds, and
for their distribution, as useless. I am an agricul-
turist. My life is and has been spent in farming;
and I think that I can safely say here to-day that,
while I have distributed seeds to hundreds and
thousands, they have not done one particle of
good to the agricultural interest of the country.
But in relation to this botanic garden such is not
the case. I believe that that garden is presided
over by a gentleman of skill. 1 believe him tobe
an experienced and thoroughly versed botanist,
and 1 believe that everything intrusted to him has
been manased well and profitably.
The nucleus of this garden was procured by
Captain Wilkes, in his celebrated exploring expe-
dition. It may be said really that the plants there
were his first capture, for the plants there are the
offspring of those which he brought home with
him; and since we have given up his recent cap-
ture to which I make no objection, but, on the
contrary, for which I commend the Government—
I think out of the respect we still entertain for Cap-
tain Wilkes, that we ousht not to surrender up
this original capture. We ought to keep up this
garden because of its usefulness, and as a sort of
monument to Captain Wilkes, which may stand
and be pointed at in future ages when there be those
disposed to do his memory no honor because of
his arrest of Mason and Slidell. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. CALVERT. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying a word in answer to my
friend from Kentucky. I am also an agriculturist,
and 1 am astonished at his remarks on this appro-
priation . If there be any appropriation that I db
consider as a piece of humbug, it- is this very
appropriation for this botanic garden. There fa
a great deal of humbug in the operations of th*e
agricultural part of the Patent Office; I liav'e ito
doubt that there has been a great deal of extrav-
agance, if not robbery, as well as humbug there.
We can prevent them in future, I have no doubt,
by following the recommendation of the President
of the United States, and establishing a separate
agricultural bureau. Then it will be of use and
profit to the Government and to the people. But,
sir, when a gentleman rises here and advocates an
appropriation for this botanic garden, I mustenter
my protest against it.
Now, sir, what is this appropriation ? It is ail
appropriation of $4,000 for the purchase and plant-
ing of trees and shrubs—where? Let gentlemen
walk out and look at the reservation upon the
west front of the Capitol. There is a small piece
of land; and if you were to plant it with plants as
thick as the spots upon this carpet you could not
expend this money, if you were to pay anything
like the price which would be asked of any mem-
ber of this House. We could not expend it if we
were to pay three or four times what we can pur-
chase trees and shrubs for. .
I think that this Congress, in justice to the in-
terests of agriculture, is bound to investigate the
whole subject. I should like to see all of these
appropriations referred to a committee of this
House, and to have that committee report a bill
which would really be of benefit to the agricul-
turists of the country. I want a bill stripped of
all the excrescence of these appropriations. I
believe that this distribution of seeds is a humbug;
but there have been some of the best men of the
country connected with it and with the Patent
Office. There have been some of them who have
done immense service. I will mention as a fact
that one scientific gentleman was sent to Florida
to investigate the insects that were destroying the
orange groves there, and he discovered a remedy
which is reported in the Patent Office reports, and
which was effectually to eradicate those insects.
If he had not been cast off from that department
by one of the excrescences of it—that excrescence
now in Europe misapplying the fund of that
0ffiCe_if that scientific gentleman had not been
removed, he would have accomplished more good
for the agricultural interest_ than any other con-
nected with the department since its establishment.
I do really hope that some select committee or
some regular committee of the House will take up
this whole subject, and adopt some bill in response
to the President's recommendation, which will be
productive of good. Let us get rid of the abuses
of the present system. Let us make some effort
to change the present practices of the Patent Office
m i    t ^ y, m rt v* j—j rrt kurt* tllht
There are corruptions and humbug more than
enough. The money appropriated by Congress
is expended cither extravagantly or for other pur-
poses than those intended by Congress. I am m
favor of a change, and hope that it will soon take
PlMr. WEBSTER. I oppose the amendment
moved by my colleague. He seems to have fallen
into the mistake that this is an appropriation of
$4,000, when it is only of $3,300; and that it is
for purchasing and planting trees, when it is for
the purpose of grading, draining, procuring ma-
nure, tools, fuel, and repairs. The principal
item going to make up that $3,300 is for fuel and
repairs. The fuel required for this garden costs
almost $1,000 per annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not so much as that. On
inquiry, I have found that the fuel costs about
five hundred dollars.
Mr. WEBSTER. I believe that the coal alone
whicli is used in this garden costs about five hun-
dred dollars, or has heretofore cost $500, and the
price of coal has advanced during the present year;
and besides that, there isagreatdeal of wood con-
sumed. So I am not mistaken in stating that the
fuel and repairs will amount to $1,000 annually.
The item of manure amounts to about two hun-
dred dollars a year. All of these items are needed
if these plants are to be preserved. If g<;ntlelP"
intend to destroy the botanic garden, then t lejr
can arrest these appropriations. Let gentlemen
remember,however, thatthis garden stands where
