1862J
THE eOlfGliSSSMNAL GLOBE.
paid. It is time for us to begin to consider whether
the increased rates paid by the people in conse-
quence of our tariff should not go to the Govern-
ment, and thereby save them from increased tax-
ation, instead of going into the pocket of the lucky
man who happens to" have goods on the way at
the time. As I said before, nobody pretends that
if the duty were reduced while thegoods were on
the way, he would think himself bound to pay the
old duty. I hope, therefore, it will'stand as it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved l>y the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment agreed to in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I now propose to offer my
amendment in a modified form so as to meet the
argument of the Senator from Maine:
Jlndprovided, That the duties imposed by this act shall
not apply-to goods on shipboard on the 1st day of June last
past.
My object in that is to exempt those goods which
will be exposed to a special hardship if they are
bought under this new tariff. I feel the pressure
of the argument of the Senator from Maine. I do
not say that it convinced me, but I say candidly
I feel its pressure. I have no purpose in this
amendment except to secure what, all things con-
sidered, will be the best interests of the Govern-
ment; but those best interests are associated also
with the best interests of the merchants, and you
cannot do injustice to the merchants without suf-
fering. I do not suppose that the Senate would
—I know the Senate would not—willingly do in-
justice to any class of merchants; but it does seem
to me that you make your laws needlessly harsh
upon this special interest which has embarked its
goods on shipboard so long a time in advance of
your new law. The Senator from Maine says
that the merchants have expected this change.
Did they anticipate a change long enough ago to
modify their orders in China, in Calcutta, around
the Cape of Good Hope, or around Cape Horn?
That I doubt.
Now, sir, for a case in hand: I have a letter
before me giving me an account of a cargo of ni-
trate of silver which was ordered some time ago
from the East Indies; was expected to arrive this
month; it has not arrived; it is on the way. Ey
the existing tariff, I believe, there is no duty on
nitrate of silver. The cargo is valued at $25,000.
Add to that various other expenses incident to it;
then add a duty of 75 per cent., which would be
$15,000 in addition to the original cost and to
the other expenses, and all that addition comes
subsequent to the original order for the goods. I
must say that it does not seem to me to be fair
that the Govern merit, knowing such a case, should
not, if possible, by its legislation, seek to provide
against such an injustice. The object of the
amendment which I have sent to the Chair is to
meet just such a case as that. It is to prevent
these duties from being brought to bear on goods
•on shipboard so long ago as the 1st of June last.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me that by the
bill we are passing we are to increase this man's
nitrate of silver in value by all the duties wo im-
pose upon it; and the only question is whether
the additional value shall go to the Government
or go to him. The persons who purchase it pay
precisely the same price m either case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th'e question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment agreed to in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Theamendmentto the amendmentwas rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The next reserved amendmentwas on page 42,
to add the following as an additional proviso to
the fifteenth section:
Provided farther, That so much of the act of August 18,
1856, entitled "An act to auitiouzc protection to be given
to citizens of the United States who may discover deposits
of guano," ;is prohibits the export thereof, is hereby sus-
pended for two years from and after the passage of this act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Tes Eyck] moves to
amend the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole, by striking out the word " two" before
" years," and inserting " one."
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
that.
The amendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine said
tnere was no objection to the amendment to the
amendment. My own idea was that two years
is little enough for that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator move a reconsideration ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do not; but the ques-
tion is still open on adopting the amendment as
amended. I merely wish to understand the pre-
cise bearing of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood from the
Senator from New Jersey that it was agreed to on
all sides, and therefore I said there was no objec-
tion to it.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
The next reservejl amendment was in line twen-
ty-seven, page 22, to strike out "twenty," and
insert "fifteen;" so that the clause will read,
" on books, periodicals, pamphlets, blank-books,
bound or unbound, and ail printed matter, engrav-
ings, bound or unbound, illustrated books and pa-
pers, and maps and charts, 15 per cent, ad va-
lorem. ''
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. All the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole, reserved
for a separate vote, are now disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a few
verbal amendments which have been suggested
to me, in the twenty-first section, page 51. In the
tenth line, I move to strike out the words, " after
the same are deposit," and insert "from the date
of original importation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the same amend-
ment in line fourteen, to strike out the words,
"after the same are deposit," and to insert, "from
the date of original importation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word " ware-
house" in the eighteenth line, I move to insert the
word " beyond;"so that it will read, " any goods
remainingin public store or bonded warehouse be-
yond three years shall be regarded as abandoned,"
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I desire to offeran amendment,
to which I think there will be no objection. It is
after line one hundred and eight, on page 25, to
insert " on lead pencils, $1 per gross."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I will now
renew the amendment I offered some time since
to insert as a new section:
Jlnd bcil further enacted, That fionl and afterthe J-tday
of November, 18G2, all .icts and p.ntf  of acts giantmg al-
lowances or bounties on the tonnage of ve-seltf employed
in the bank or other cod fisheries, be, and the s.une aie
hereby, lepealed.
On that amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Grimes, Ilarlan, Ilendei^on, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, LcUie of Kansas, McDou«all, Powell,
Sherman, Stark, VViKon of Missouri, and YVught—I'J.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
CoUnmcr, Cowan, Davis, Doohttlc, Fos scndcn, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Ilniris, Howard. Howe, Kmc, Morrill, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, YVilkinson, Wtlloy, Wihnot, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—21.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to say in regard to my
colleague [Mr. Dixon] that he is necessarily ab-
sent from the Senate on public business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will offer an amend-
ment to insert, after the woid " pound,"in line six-
teen, page 10, the words " and on all manufactures
of lead, or of which lead is a component part, not
named in this act, 5 per cent, ad valoremso that
the clause will read," on lead, in pipes and shot,
three fourths of one cent per pound, and on all
other manufactures of lead, or of which lead is a
component part, not named in this act, 5 per cent.
ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: 1 have
received a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, suggesting two or three alterations
in the tariff bill, which are somewhat important
with reference to the efficiency of the bill, an„d to
which there will be no sort of objection. As our
amendments are now in process of being engrossed,
I ask that these alterations be made by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it while another
subject is before the Senate; but to have amend-
ments made to that bill regularly and orderly, it
will require a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By unanimous consent,
I suppose, these amendments can be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill can-
not be amended after it is passed.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator from Maine
will move a reconsideration, so as to preserve the
proper course of proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the vote on
the passage of the bill be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to amend the
bill on the 29th page by inserting after the word
" stained," in line twenty-five of section ten, the
words " they shall be considered to have been
bleached goods and." In the twenty-ninth line
of the section, I propose to strike out the words
" the foregoing schedules," and insert "for
bleached goods." Then, in lines forty-two and
forty-three, of the twelfth section, on page 34, I
move to strike out the words " and not exceed-
ing in weight one pound per square foot," and to
strike out the proviso commencing at line forty-
four in these words:
Provided, That all fluted, rolled, or rough plate glass,
weighing over one hundred pounds per one hundred square
feet, shall pay an additional duty on the excess at the same
rates herein imposed.
The amendments were agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed;
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Onlcrct?, That the Secretary request the House of Rep-
resentatives to return to the Senate the bill of the House
(No. 438) to grant pension?, for the purpose of coi reeling
errors in engrossing the amendments made thereto by the
Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
report of the committee of conference on the bill
(S. No. 175) to define the pay and emoluments of
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
feience on the bill (H. R. No. 187) to authorize
an additional isaue of United Status notes, and for
other pmposes.
The messnge also announced that the House had
passed the bill of the Senate (No. 102) to amend
an act entitled " An act to divide the State of Illi-
nois into two judicial districts," approved Feb-
ruary 13, 1855.
The message also announced that the House had
passed a bill (No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisoners and others, and to authorize the
judges of the United States courts to take bail or
recognizances to secure the trial of the same; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 379) to amend an act entitled
" An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 2, 1862; and
A bill (H. R. No. 187) to authorize an addi-
