31T8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
tional issue of United States notes, and for other
purposes.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED,
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 554) relating to trust funds of sev-
eral Indian tribes invested by the Government in
certain State bonds abstracted from the custody
of the !ate Secretary of the Interior—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 363) to provide for the discharge of
State prisoners and others, and to authorize the
judges of the United States courts to take bail or
recognizances to secure the trial of the same—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (II. R. No. 527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel m the ninth
regiment of Virginia volunteers, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senate I should like to have that bill acted upon
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to passing any
pension bill without a reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
385) to amend an act entitled " An act to amend
nil act entitled ' An act in addition to the act pro-
hibiting the slave trade;' " which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill with a view to have it printed,so that we can
call it up early in the morning. I introduce it on
the authority of the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 384)
to amend the act calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the laws of theUnion.suppvessinsurrection,
and repel invasions, approved February 28,1795,
was read a first time, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
an order will be made to have the bill printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print will be entered. Does the Senator move a
reference of the bill >
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I introduce
it on the authority of the Committee on Military
Affairs; so that it is not ncceasary to refer it.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have an amendment, which
I propose to offer to the bill introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts by authority of the
Committee on Military Affaiis. 1 move that it
be printed to accompany the bill, if there be no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print will be made, no objection being interposed.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution (S. No. 80) authorizing the State of
Minnesota to change the line of certain railroads
m said State, and for other purposes.
The amendment of the House was to strike out
ail after the resolving clause of the joint resolu-
tion, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That in lieu of that part of the railroad craut to Minne-
sota 'i'ei i ttory by act of Cons rcss, approved 3d March, l&j7,
winch extends mfrrhwpsterly from the Intersection of the
tenth standard parallel with thy fourth guide meridian, there
shall be grained to the Slate of Minnesota the alternate
sections within six milo limits of such new branch line of
route as the authoutiesof the State may designate, Having
its somhwekein terminus at any point on the existing line
between tiic f.Uis of Wt. Anthony and Crow Wmts, and cx-
tending in a northeasterly direction to the watery of Lake
Superior, witii a right of indemnity between the fifteen
mile limits thereof: Provided, This resolution shall take
cticct from tiie filing in the General Land Office of the
acceptance by the authorities aforesaid of such substitution,
whereupon the land north of the intersection aforesaid in
tiic tfrunt as authorized by the said act of March 3, 1857,
being by said acceptance disincnmbered of the railroad
grant, feliaii be deait with as other public lands of tin: United
States.
The amendment was concurred in.
VETO MESSAGE—SMALL NOTES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
again call the attention of the Senate to the bill re-
turned with the objections of the President, the
question being," Shall thebiil pass, the objections
of the President to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that in such cases
a vote must be taken by yeas and nays, and .1 doubt
if there is a quorum here present at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote must
be taken by yeas and nays, requiring a two-thirds
vote to carry it.
Mr. HALE. I move that it |>e postponed until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
taken to be the sense of the Senate, jf there be no
objection; and the further consideration of the bill
will be postponed until to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was'received from the House of Rep-
resentatives,by I&r. Morris, Chief Clerk, return-
ing, in compliance with the request of the Senate,
the bill (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 471) to confiscate the property
of rebels to pay the expenses of the present rebel-
lion insisted on by the Senate, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed Mr.
Thomas D. Eltot of Massachusetts, Mr. James
P. Wilson of Iowa, and Mr. Erastus Corning
of New York, managers at the same on its part.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
naval grade bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that nothing will be
done to displace the bill that was under discussion
yesterday, which has not yet been finally acted
upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 280) to establish
and equalize the grades of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy, the pending question being on
the following amendment reported by Mr. Hale
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to insert as
a new section:
Sec. 16. Jhid be it further cnacted. That from and after
the passage of tins act tlio, annual pay of the several ranks
and grade- of officers of the Navy on the active list, here-
inafter named shall he as follows.: Admirals, when at sea,
shall rccctvc $5,000; when on shore duty, $4,000; whenon
leave of absence, or waiting ordeis, $3,000. Commodores,
when at '•ea, •diall receive $4,000; when on shore duty,
$3,900; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders, $2,100.
Captains, when atsea, shall receive $3,500; when on shore
duty, $2,BOO ; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
$2,100. Commanders, when at sea, shall rcceive $2,800;
when on shore duty, .<2,200; when on leave of absence,
or waiting orders, $1,680. Lieutenant commandeis, when
at sea,shall receive $2,343; whenon shore duty, $1,875;
when on leave ot absence, or waiting orders, $1,500. Lieu-
tenants, when at sea, shall receive $1,875; when on shore
duty, $1,500 ; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
$1,200. Masters, when at sea, shall receive®!,500; when
on shore duty, $1,200; when on leave of absence, or wait-
ing oideis, $960. Passed midshipmen, when at sea, shall
receive $1,200; when on shore duty, $960; when on leave
of absencc, or waiting orders, $768. Midshipmen and act-
ing midshipmen shall receive $500. Fleet surgeons shall
leceive ^3,000. Surgeons, when at sea, shall receive, for
the first tive years after date of commission, $2,000; for tiie
second five years after date of commission, $2,200; for the
thiid live years aftei date of commission, $2,400 ; when on
shore duty, for the first five year* aftei date of commission,
$1,800 ; for the second five years after date ot commission,
$2,000; for the thud five years after date of commission,
$2,400; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders, for
the fust tive years after date ot commission, $1,400 ; for the
second tive years after date of commission, $1,550; for the
thud five years after date of commission, $1,700. Passed
assistant surgeon*, when at sea, shall receive $1,350; when
on shore duty, $1,200; when ou leave of absence, or wait-
ing orders, $1,000. Assistant surgeons, when at sea, shall
receive $1,100; when on ^horc duty, $950; when on leave
of absence, or waiting orders, $720. Paymasters, when at
sea, shnll receive, foi the fiist five years after date of com-
misfion, $1,£00; for the second five years after date of com-
mission, $2,000; for the third five years after date of com-
mission, $2,200; whenon shoie duty, for the first five years
after date of commission, $1,000; lor the sccowl five years
after date of commisbion. $1,800 ; for the third five years
after date of commission, $2,000; when ou leave of ab-
sence, or waiting orders, tor the first five year? afterdate of
commission, $1,200; for the second five years after date of
commission, $1,400; foi the third five years after date of
commission, $1,600. Chaplains, when on duty, shall re-
ceive $1,500; when on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
$i,U0(). Professors of mathematics shall rcccive $1,500.
Chief engineers, when on duty, shall receive, for the first
five years after date of commission, $1,600; for the second
five years after date of commission, $1,800; for the third
five years after date of commission, $2,000; when on leave
of absence, or waiting orders, for the first five years after
date of commission, $1,000; for the second five years after
date of commission, $1,100; for the third five years after
date of commission,$1,200. Pirstassistantenglneers, when
on duty, shall receive $1,100; when on leave of absence,
or waiting orders,$800. Second assistant engineers, when
on duty, shall, receive $900; when on leave of absence, or
waiting orders, $750. Third assistant engineers, when on
duty, shall receive $675; when on leave of absence, or wait-
ing orders, $500.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all of that
amendmentafter the forty-ninth line,commencing
with the wonls, "fleet surgeons shall receive
S3 000."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the amendment which
has just been read by striking out all after the
forty-ninth line.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care to take up the
time of the Senate; hut 1 will observe that the bill
under consideration only relates to what are
known as the line officers of the Navy. It gives
those officers an additional rank and grade. It
seems to me that there is no propriety in attach-
ing to this bill, that relates solely to the line offi-
cers, provisions that relate to the staff officers of
the Navy, and especially provisions that reduce
their pay very materially from what it now is, I
think about twenty per cent. It seems to me that
it is a very inopportune time for us to attempt to
reduce the pay of the Navy. If there is any
branch of the public service that deserves well of
the country at this time, it is that branch. It is
but a little while ago. since I heard the distin-
guished Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] ex-
patiating very ably to the Senate upon the fact
that in consequence of the immense emission of
Treasury notes that were being thrown on the
country, the price of everything that would be
necessary to support one's family is going to be
increased.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ten per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; twenty percent; and
yet when these officers leave their families, and
make provision for theirsupport athome,and arc
compelled to support themselves upon shipboard,
the proposition is to be made, when they are away
and cannot attend to their own interests, to cut
down their salaries twenty per cent. I think it. is
hardly fair or just.
Mr. HALE. As this amendment is reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, I will state
the circumstances under which it was reported,
and I will remark that I shall not oppose the mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa. This bill, as he
states, relates entirely to the line officers, and the
committee, in carrying out the instructions of the
Senate, endeavored not to lower the salary of those
officers, but reserved it substantially as it was, as
nearly as we could, with the additional grades that
were introduced. We endeavored to do that, and
I think we have done it pretty tolerably satisfac-
torily. This other part of the bill, I may state,
was prepared principally by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in connection with
another member of the committee not no w present,
and when it was prepared, it was understood to
be one of a series of bills reducing the pay of the
Navy, of the Army, and of members of Congress;
and 1 trust I am not violating any of the confidence
of the committee-room when I say it was under-
stood that no motion was to be made in this di-
rection, cutting down the pay of officers of the
Navy, until after we had reduced our own pay and
the pay of the Army also. When it was commit-
ted to us, this bill, substantially as it has been
agreed upon, under these circumstances was in-
troduced, and as Congress have not seen fit to re-
duce their own pay, nor to reduce the pay of the
Army, but rather to increase it, I have not a word
to say, but leave it to the judgment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, to
strike out all of the amendment of the committee
after the forty-ninth line.
Mr. SHERMAN. The portion of the section
the Senator proposes to strike out relates simply
to non-combatants, paymasters, surgeons, engi-
neers, professors of mathematics, and chaplains.
Now, the question is, shall we reduce the pay of
the line officers, and leave these non-combatants
with their old high pay ? That is about the prop-
