236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
in a* to say about them. I only speak of this thing
to show what injustice it would be to refuse now
to Colorado Territory the small sum which my
amendment asks for, while otherTerritories have
had for the same purpose hundreds of thousands
of dollars. We ao not ask that surveys shall be
made of the country not occupied by settlers.
We only ask the sum of $25,000 for surveying the
lands already occupied, and we ought to have it.
jiTow how does the matter stand with regard to
the office of surveyor general of the Territory?
There is a surveyor general there, and as a matter
of course appropriations for that office have been
and will be made. It requires $9,000 a year for
that purpose. Thus we have $5,000 given for
surveys of the public lands,and $9,000 appropri-
ated for the expenditure of that sum. Give us
this appropriation of $25,000 now to survey our
arable lands, and we will not be asking for ap-
propriations for the same purpose next year. We
do not want all our lands surveyed and thrown
into the market to be bought up by speculators.
All that we ask is that the land, as far as settled
upon, may be surveyed, so that o#r settlers may
have the privilege of buying their homes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Colorado what is the present popu-
lation of that Territory, and whether any survey
of the public lands has been made there at all, so
that the settlers may ascertain on what lands they
are settling?
Mr. BENNET. The present population is
between twenty-five and thirty thousand inhab-
itants, including between five and six thousand
women and children. We have never had a sin-
gle dollar appropriated to that Territory for sur-
veys; but there was an apportionment of some
nine thousand dollars mnile to it out of the appro-
priations to Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, and New
Mexico, from which Colorado was carved out.
That apportionment has only been sufficient to
have the principal boundary lines run, and the
lines of about half a dozen townships. I believe
that the seventh meridian line has been run
through the Territory, starting on the fouiteemh
parallel, and that one or two other principal lines
have also been run. But unless the public lands
are surveyed it is impossible for settlers to secure
their homes.
Mr. WATTS. I think that the proposition of
the gentleman from Colorado is nothing but fair
and reasonable.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order, unless the gentleman submits an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WATTS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the sum $500. I think, Mr.
Chairman, that the explanation of the Delegate
from Colorado will satisfy the committee of the
inadvertence committed awhile ago in rejecting
the appropriation which I asked for New Mexico,
because it turns out now that a portion of the
small appropriation of $10,000 previously made to
New Mexico for surveys has been diverted from
that Territory and expended in the Territory of
Colorado. Congress took off sixty miles in width
by two hundred miles in length, with five thousand
of a population, and attached it to Colorado; and
then outof the meager appropriation of $10,000 a
portion was diverted to the Territory of Colorado.
Now, with a territory of two hundred and fifty-
six thousand square miles and ninety-three thou-
sand inhabitants, the appropriation for surveying
is reduced to this meager pittance of $5,000. I do
not think that the committee understood the mat-
ter, or it would not have done us this injustice.
The amount asked for by the Delegate from
Colorado is small enough to keep the surveyors
employed. To my certain knowledge they will
have to run one line of four hundred miles in that
Territory before they can expend a dollar in the
survey of private land claims; and I know that
already Congress has confirmed three land grants
there, which were formerly located in New Mex-
ico. The survey of these alone would consume
this pittance of $5,000proposed to be appropriated
to the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to the amendment.
Mr. WATTS. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to its
withdrawal. It is no purpose of mine to do injus-
tice to any of these Territories. Last year we
Appropriated $50,000 for one of them. The sur-
veyor general asked for $75,000. The Department
asked us for $12,000. The Committee of Ways
and Means thought proper to reduce it to $10,000.
For New Mexico, $10,000 was appropriated last
year. We reduced that amount one half, placing
the appropriation at $5,000. Last year Colorado
Territory was creatcd; and this is the first appro-
priation, therefore, made for this purpose for it.
We placed it upon the same footing as New Mex-
ico, and gave it $5,000, and 1 think that is as much
as we ought to appropriate under the existing con-
dition of things.
Mr. WATTS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. Bennet's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to increase the appro-
priation to §10,000. I concur with the gentlemen
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that at
this time we should appropriate as little as we can
nossibly get along with for surveying the public
lands; but after the showing of the Delegate from
Colorado, that in that Territory no surveys have
been made, that there is a very large population
there who are of course desirous of obtaining
homes and titles to the lands they occupy, but
who cannot with certainty obtain any title until
the lands have been surveyed—I say, under these
circumstances, I for one am disposed to increase
this appropriation to $10,000. 1 hope the amend-
ment will prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to offer the following
amendment to come in between lines two hundred
and thirty and two hundred and thirty-one;
For suiveying the pine lands in Minnesota and Wiscon-
sin, $10,000, to he difburscd under such rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secieturyol the Interior.
I desire to state for the information of the com-
mittee that I have brought this subject to the at-
tention of the Secretary of the Interior, and to the
Commissionerof the General Land Office. They
informed me that if the Committee on Public Lands
would call their attention to the subject, they
would make a special report to the House. This
would have been done, but for the fact that so
many of the members of the committee were ab-
sent from the city that the chairman informed me
he could not get a majority together at any one
time.
I will state further, for the information of the
committee, that Mr. Wilson, the chief clerk of the
General Land Office, informs me that it costs the
Government from twenty-three to thirty thousand
dollars a year to watch these lands to prevent tres-
passing upon the pine timber of Wisconsin and
Minnesota. If these lands were surveyed and
brought into market they would all be taken up
at once.
I will state farther for the benefit of those gen-
tlemen who I saw smiling when I stated that it
takes from twenty-three to thirty thousand dollars
to watch the.se lands to prevent trepasses upon
them, that the trespassers all come from below
the lines of our State; from Illinois and Iowa and
Missouri. [Laughter.] It would be economy in
the Government to have these surveys made and
the lands brought into market, and it is nothing
more than what is due to the people of that coun-
try who want the lumber that it should be done.
I have no doubt the appropriation would be judi-
ciously expended, and for the benefit of the whole
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
from Minnesota if it would not be proper to ap-
propriate a portion of the sum named in line two
hundred and eight for that purpose, if it be so im-
portant that these lands should be surveyed and
brought into market?
Mr. ALDRICII. I will answer the gentleman
that a portion of this $10,000 would not amount
to anything in surveying the large tracts of pine
lands in those two States bordering on the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries.
Mr. MAYJNrARD. It would make a beginning,
I suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. Wo have already made an
appropriation for Minnesota in this bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. Not in this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, in this bill. The
very first clause in these appropriations for sur-
veys contains an appropriation of $10,000, $8,000
of which goes to Minnesota. On page nine we
have excepted all but a few States, and among
those notexcepted is Minnesota, and we have given
$10,000 for surveying the lands. The amount of
the estimates is $12,000. We gave $10,000, and in
the explanations accompanying the estimates I
learn that $8,000 of this amount is to go to Min-
nesota, and that there remains an unexpended
balance of $7,000 for this purpose. I suppose,
according to the gentleman from Minnesota, they
steal some seventy or eighty thousand dollars
every year from these pine lands.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman said it cost
twenty or thirty thousand dollars to watch them.
Mr. ALDRICH: 1 said I was informed by Mr.
Wilson that it cost from twenty-three to thirty
thousand dollars a year to watch these lands.
Mr. STEVENS. And if it costs from twenty-
three to thirty thousand dollars to watch the
thieves, how much do the thieves steal? More,
a great deal, I have no doubt. By the gentleman's
theory, if it costs so much now to watch the tim-
ber, if the lands are surveyed and brought into
market they will steal the land. [Laughter.] I
hope the gentleman will be satisfied with what
has already been given for this purpose to Min-
nesota.
Mr. ALDRICH. I fail to find in the bill any
appropriation for Minnesota.
Mr. STEVENS. You will find this on page 9:
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of California,
Oregon, Washington, New' Mexico, Kansas, Nebraska,
Utah, Dakota, Colorado, and Ncvady,) including incidental
expenses and inland puiveys in the interior, and all other
special and difficult surveys demanding augmented rate?,
to be apportioned and applied to the several ->urveyni« dis-
tricts, according to the exigencies of the public service,
including expenses of selecting swamp lands, in addition
to the unexpended balances of pll foimer appropriations lor
the same object, winch will fte absoibed by work under
contract, $10,000.
There is $10,000. Now the Department says
that of that $8,000, in addition to an unexpended
balance from last year of $7,000, is to go to Min-
nesota. I hope that will be sufficient.
Mr. ALDRICH. I suppose the debate is ex-
hausted upon this amendment, but I hopel shall
be allowed a few minutes to remark upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir* I think it would
be introducing a very bad precedent.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope I shall be allowed to
say that the appropriation to which the gentle-
man alludes is another and a distinct matter.
This appropriation which I ask is approved by
the Secretary of the Interior and by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman's time is up;
I call him to order. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANDEVER. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota, by
reducing the amount $1,000. 1 desire to say in
connection with this subject, that the sums of
money expended in watching those lands referred
to by my friend from Minnesota are sums I be-
lieve which have been expended by the Govern-
ment in prosecuting the trespassers on these pine
lands. It is very well known that the pine lands
remaining unsurveyed in parts of Minnesota and
Wisconsin are the most valuable lands now m
the possession of the Government in that region
of country, and that they have for a long time
been desired by persons engaged in the manufac-
ture of lumber in that part of the country. They
have importuned the Department year after year
to survey these lands, but from the fact thai de-
sirable lands remained unsurveyed in the vicinity
of the settlements, the pine region has always
been overlooked.
Now, as a measure of economy, looking to the
interests of the Govern men tat this time, as a means
of putting money into the Treasury, it appears to
me imperatively necessary that this appropriation
should be made at this time for the survey ofthese
pine lands. Because, if they remain unsurveyed
we shall have to continue this large expenditure
for the prosecution of trespassers. It is a fact
that, in that northern region of the country, the
courts arc engaged in the trial of these offenders
more than in any other kind of business. This
is the principal business they have to attend to.
I repeat that, in my judgment, this appropriation
ought to be made. The money thus taken from
the Treasury will be speedily replaced, and it will
enable those who wish to deeil honestly and fairly
with the Government to obtain possession ofthese
valuable pine lands, which they desire to obtain
