1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
vided for these officers. Unless larger compensa-
tion is provided than that now contained in the
bill, this bill cannot be enforced in Nevada.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, if there is (
any matter where the members of the House ought
to listen with attention to the representations of
those who come from the Pacific States, it is upon
subjects of just this character. If I desired that
this revenue should not be collected in California
or upon the Pacific slope, I should oppose this
amendment, for I know that it is impossible to
collect any revenue there under the compensation
allowed to the officers under this bill. You can-
not employ men there at that price. I have men
at work in the mines for me, and I pay them $4 50
a day. The lowest price at which I could get a
man to work upon my claim would be four dol-
lars a day. If, then, laboring men get four dollars
a day, how are you going to employ men compe-
tent to discharge the duties under this bill for two
dollars a day? We pay assessors in California
various prices, from five to eight dollars a day.
It is never less than five dollars a day, and the
compensation is generally eight dollars a day. If
you are to have this law executed, and men of
character as officers under it, then you will have
to pay at least eight dollars a day. If, then, the
discretion is given to the President of the United
States to pay what he considers adequate compen-
sation to these officers, I undertake to say that five
or six times more revenue will be collectcd under
the bill than if the provision were to remain as it
now is. I think that the prices fixed in the bill
are adequate for the service in the Atlantic States,
but it is entirely inadequate for the service in Cal-
ifornia. I presume that in this respect the bill
has been drawn entirely with regard to the Atlan-
tic States.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. What per ccnt. of the rev-
enue to be collectcd in California will this com-
pensation be?
Mr.SARGENT. Idonotknow. Wecxpcct
to pay a large tax, and we will cheerfully do so.
We have stepped forward already, and in the
proper spirit made payment in gold of our portion
of the land tax. We are ready to do our duty
under the provisions of this tax bill; and in order
that the revenue may be collected, I have advo-
cated the pending amendment. It is necessary
that adequate compensation should be provided
or the United States will be without officers to
execute the law in California. I do not advocate
the amendment because of any officeholders in
California. I would scorn any such purpose.
Now, sir, you pay a man seventy-five cents, a
dollar, or a dollar and a quarter in the mills of
Rhode Island, and that is looked upon as an ade-
quate compensation there. But it would not be
an adequate compensation m California. Why,
sir, in California, a man for doing the same kind
of work would rcceive five, six, or eight dollars
a day. You cannot apply the rule of little Rhody
to California. You must, therefore, provide a
higher compensation to the officers under this bill
by adopting the pending amendment, or else there
will be nobody to set it m motion in California,
Oregon, and the Territories named in the amend-
ment. I hope, therefore, that something will be
done in this matter by the House, unless you de-
sign to excuse us from this tax.
Mr. STEVENS. If the amendment be adopted
it will be giving more power to thePicsidentthan
ought to be confided to any one man under our
system of Government. But you have made an
unequal system of compensation by what the
committee has already done. You cannot make
any proper compensation without mileage. In
New York one man may sit down in his room
and make four times what can be made by the
man who travels over two hundred miles in the
upper part of Pennsylvania; that is, when the
mileage provision is stricken out. I hold that there
can be no equal compensation if the mileage pro-
vision bo stricken out.
Mr. SARGENT. I presume the object of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is to have the tax collected. I do not place this
upon the ground of any benefit to California. If j
this revenue be not collectcd there, it will be in :
favor of the people of California; and I say that \
unless {his compensation is increased the revenue 1
cannot be collected there. j
Air. STEVENS. I do not expect that from i
half of the rural districts in the country we will :
collect more than one half of the revenue. I know
that in towns and cities the tax will be collected.
If instead of having bad men in California we do
not have any at all, I do not think that much will
be lost.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, obtained the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. What is the compensation
paid in California to assessors?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I think that the
price paid there is eight dollars a day. In most
of the agricultural districts it is five dollars a day.
I move to amend the amendment by providing
that such rates should not exceed the rates of com-
pensation made to the State and territorial officers
of the States and Territoiies.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to see provided in this
bill such rates of compensation as will secure the
collection of this tax in these States and Terri-
tories. It is no intention of mine that California
or any one of thePacificStatesshall be discharged
from the payment of their portion of this tax.
They do not desire it. There is not a man in Cal-
ifornia who will not pay every dollar of tax asked
of him.
So far from desiring that California should es-
cape from taxation, 1 have myself suggested to
the Committee of Ways and Means in this House
an increase on the rates of duties on articles which
are consumed alone in California—the increased
rates on which will amount to $300,000 per an-
num. I want nothing except that this tax maybe
collected and efficiently collectcd; and I want such
rates of payment made to the assessors as will
secure the services of efficient and honest men. If
there is any better mode of arriving at what 1 have
suggested, I am willing and anxious to sec that
mode adopted.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would suggest to the
gentleman that the Secretary of the Treasury
should have control of this matter, and not the
President of the United States. There is no other
provision in this bill which carries it before the
President at all.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I have no objec-
tion to that, and I will modify my amendment
accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to amend section
nineteen, m line sixteen, by striking out the word
" the" before "bond," and inserting " any" in
lieu thereof; and also by striking out the word
" heretofore," and inserting in lieu thereof " there-
tofore;" so that the clause shall read:
Provided always, That nothing herein contnmcd r hall be
deemed to annul or in anywise to impair the obligation ot
any bond theretofore given by any collectoi; but the same
.shall be and icinain in lull lorce and vutue, anything in
this net to the contraiy notwithstanding.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
the amendment because it is not merely a verbal
amendment. As I understand this section, it will
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to require
any collector annually to give an additional bond.
If it does not so require, it should. Then the
woid " heretofore," as it stands in this section,
will relate to the passage of the bill and not to the
time of the execution of the fixst of the previously
executed bonds. Therefore the proviso as it now
stands will have no legal effect whatever.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 also move to strike out
all after the word "virtue,"m the eighteenth line,
which are the words, "anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding." The words I propose
to strike out were intended asa saving clause, and
to prevent an additional bond from operating to
annul any previously executed bond. Now, if
anything would have that effect, it would not be
this act; but it would be the act of giving the ad-
ditional bond. By leaving in the words " but the
same shall be and remain in full force and virtue,"
will prevent this act or any other act whatever
from operating to destroy the legal effect of any
previously executed bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. WRIGHT. I move to strike out in the
fifth line of the section the word " one," and insert
" two," m lieu thereof; so that the clause shall
read:
That each collector, before receiving any list, as afore-
said, for collection, shall jrivc an additional bond, if required
by the fcteciet.uv of the Tica^ury, in such sum or sums a?
tho Hecietary of the Tiea>ury may pre*cribe and judge suf-
ficient, with two oi more good and sufficient sureties, to be
approved by tne Solicitor of the Treasury.
In my judgment, there should be two sureties
upon these bonds.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the twentieth section, in line thirty-five, by strik-
ing: out the word " tavern," and inserting " post
office;" so that the officer shall cause a notification
to be published in somenewspaperwithin the dis-
trict, or to be publicly posted up at the post office,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROJI THE PRESIDENT.
The committee informally rose, and received a
message from the President, by Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, informing the House that he had this
day approved and signed certain bills.
Mr. STEVENS. The only question with me
is, whether this notification is official—whether it
is proper to receive a message unless the gentle-
man [Mr. Kellogg] has been appointed Piivate
Secretary. [Laughter.]
The committee resumed its session.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend, in line
sixteen, by inserting, after the word " dwellings,"
the words " or usual places of business."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend, in the
fifth line, by erasing the word " one," and insert-
ing " two." My reason is that,in all probability,
this notice will be inserted in but one newspaper,
and that perhaps a Republican newspaper, which
would not be seen by a very large portion of the
inhabitants, who perhaps seldom look at the local
papers published by the opposite party. It seems
to me that it would be better to have two news-
papers, for as the object is to give information, it
would more surely be done in that way.
Mr. STEVENS. The House must perceive,
if they reflect for a moment, that this advertising
through the whole nation is to be a heavy item of
expenditure. We provide for advertising in one
newspaper, and then for the posting up of hand-
bills m four different places in each district. It
seems to me that is enough.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGII. I move to
amend by inserting, after the word "demand,"
in the sixteenth line, the words " of some person
of suitable age;" so that the clause shall read:
It shall be the duty of each collector, in person or by
deputy, to apply once at their lespective dwellings within
such dismcL and there demand of some person of suitable
age the duties payable by s>ucli persons.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend, in line
sixty-three, by inserting after the word "execu-
tion," the word.-i, "for non-payment of taxes;"
so that the provisions of the bill shall exempt only
what is exempt by a State for the non-payment of
taxes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
inserting after the word " State," in line sixty-
four, the words " at the time of the passage of
this act." The object is to put it out of the power
of any State to nullify the provisions of this act
by passing any law hereafter which may exempt
a thing from seizure under the provisions of this
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. After the word " profes-
sion," in the sixty-second line, I move to insert
the words " kept for use by the owner thereof;"
so that the clause shall read:
r-ioiuhd, That it shall not be lawful to make distiaint
of the tools or implements of a trade or profession, kept for
use by the owner thereof, &.c.
That I suppose to be the intention of the bill
as it now stands; but that intent does not seem to
me to be sufficiently clear in the language which
is used.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I ofier the following amend-
ment to the twentieth section:
After the woid - advertise," in the fifth line, inseit the
words "in each county in collection dfotiict;" stiike
out the words « m hi* collection district," in the sixth line,
and insert the yvonN uin such countyafter the word "in,"
m tin1 eighth line, inseit the words '• each county inand
ill the eleventh line stuke out the woid « witlun," and in-
sert the words " not less than ;  so that it will read :
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That each of the said
