2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
question is taken on striking out the section. The
immediate question, then, before the Senate is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts to the-mnth section of the original
bill, which is in the first line of that section, to
strike out the words " at any time" and to insert
" immediately," and in the second line, to strike
out the word " whenever," and in the third and
fourth lines, to strike out the words " shall deem
it necessary for the suppression of this rebellion,
he;" so that, if the section be thus amended, it
will read:
That immediately after the passage of this act the Presi-
dent of the United States shall Issue hi? proclamation com-
manding all persons immediately to lay down their aims and
to return to their allegiance to the United States ; proclaim-
ing that if any person within any State or district, declared
by him in a state of insurrection, shall be found inarms
against the Government of the United States thuty days after
the date of such pioclamation, or giving aid and comfort to
the present rebellion, the slaves ot all >ueh persons, within
such State or district, shall be made free, and thereupon the
slaves of all such persons, at the expiration of said thirty
days, shall be free and forever discharged fiom any and all
claim to their labor or service, any law or custom of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire of the Chair if the prop-
ositions before the Senate bring up the bill gen-
erally before the Senate for its consideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Any proposi-
tion of amendment, to strike out or to insert, pre-
sents the whole subject, both the original bill and
the substitute and all pending amendments, for
consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. That was my understanding, sir.
Mr. President, I have occupied a good deal of
time upon the subject of this bill and the various
bills for the same purpose that have been pre-
sented to the Senate for its consideration. I do
not now propose to go into a lengthy and detailed
examination of the principles involved in the meas-
ure, but I propose to bring up at some length some
now considerations, as they seem to me, which
bear as just matter of objection to the measure
under consideration.
I camo to the city of Washington as a member
of th#* Senate of the United States from the State
of Kentucky with much hopefulness. 1 sympn-
thized fully with the war which the Government
was waging against the rebellion, and 1 fully yet
sympathize in that war, and I expect to do so as
long as the war exists and I have life. But I am
free toconcedc that my hopefulness in the speedy
and the thorough triumph of my Government and
my country's arms over the rebels, and in the ic-
turn of those rebels to theirduty and to the Union,
has very considerably abated. It is a matter of
the deepest concern and unhajtpiness to me, as
much so as I ever experienced m relation to pub-
lic matters, that I am forced to make that conces-
sion. But at the same time 1 am not without hope
yet, and a large share of hope;. During the last
summer, when the Congress of the United States
was in extra session, my feelings impelled me,
and 1 came to this city to hold converse with the
President of the United States and with some of
the members of his Cabinet, and with old friends
and associates with whom I had served in former
years in the other House of Congress, then mostly
members of this body, some few of the other, with
a view of ascertaining as far as I could by such
jnter-eommunication, the real condition of affairs.
From the moment that I left my own residence
until I passed the border of my own State into
Ohio, 1 met with diverse sentiments; I met with
Union men, with undisguised disloyal men and
secessionists in that State; I met with men who
sympathized with disloyalty and secession; I met
with men whose opinions were yet unformed; but
from the time tiiat I struck the shore of the State
of Ohio, at the beautiful queen city of the West,
until i reached this metropolis of the nation, I
never in my life encountered such a perfect unity
of sentiment upon any subject whatever as there
was in the whole of the population with whom I
conversed in relation to the pending war. I did
not hear the subjcctof slavery, nor abolitionism,
nor emancipation in this District or in the States
mentioned upon the whole route of my travel from
niy residence to this city, nor on my return. But
a deeper, a more determined, enthusiastic, enno-
bling, a more united purpose upon the part of the
whole population to uphold the Government of the
country, to put down the rebellion, 1 never en-
countered in relation to any matter, public or pri-
vate, in my life.
The President of the United States called upon
the people of the States to rally to the rescue of
the Government, and from all the free States they
did rally, with a promptness and with a heartiness
that did their patriotism and their loyalty to the
Government the highest credit imaginable. Con-
gress was convened in extra session. In my own
State, unfortunately, the public mind was greatly
divided in relation to this contest, and what should
be the course of the State of Kentucky. And why
was the public mind of that State so divided?
Kentucky was & slave State, with one fifth of her
population slaves; many of her people had mi-
grated to various States of the South, and had
possessed themselves of cotton plantations; their
daughters and their sisters, their sons and their
brothers had intermarried with the inhabitants of
the South; my State had an annual amount of
traffic with the South, ranging somewhere between
five and ten millions of dollars; the interchange
of social relations between the people of the South
and my State in the summer season of the year
was large. The two portions of the country were
bound together by ties of kindred, of sympathy,
of community, of institution, of interest, of com-
merce; and these are among the strongest" bonds
that bind man to man and knit the great fabric of
society together. It was not to be expected that
those bonds should be rent and torn suddenly. It
took time for many of the best men of my State
to inform themselves in relation to the contest,
and the principles that it involved, its importance,
its transcendent, enduring importance, more so to
them than any other concern of life, 1 admit; but
it took time for them to inform themselves in re-
lation to these matters before even a majority of
the people of my State could decide to cast their
destinies with the Union and their Government.
They examined this grave issue deliberately and
calmly, and they came to correct and to patriotic
conclusions; and two thirds of the free men of
that State, after thus having deliberately exam-
ined the subject and matured their judgment, came
to the decision to stand by their Government
through good and through evil report, through
storm and through sunshine, through victory and
through defeat, and they still intend to adhere to
that judgment.
When Congress got together it proceeded with
great activity and energy to devise the necessary
war measures for the purpose of carrying the
country and the Government through the great
conflict. There was an entire unanimity and con-
cert of opinion and action among the Union mem-
bers of both Houses of Congress in relation to
those measures; and the representatives from no
State in the House gave those measures a more
hearty or cordial support than did the Union mem-
bers from the State of Kentucky. Laws were
'passed in obedience to the recommendations of
the President, to raise the ways and means, the
men and the money, for the purpose of carrying
on the war successfully. The President asked
for, I believe, four hundred thousand men. Con-
gress voted him five hundred thousand. The
Preaidentasked for $400,000,000. Congress voted
him $500,000,000. For thewo added numbers to
the money means and to the Army, no represent-
ation voted with more cheerfulness and truth than
did the Union representation from the State of
Kentucky.
This war, Mr. President, found the State of
Kentucky with her Legislature elected. It had
been elected some eighteen months before the war
commenced, or something like that time. It was
elected when Bieckiniidge Democracy was tri-
umphant in that State; and a majority of both
Houses were composed of his friends. Some of
them had a severe contest between party alle-
giance, which is one of the strongest motives of
human action, and their duty to their country, in
order to enable them to decide what line of con-
duet they should pursue. Some of them decided
in favor of their country; and they rendered as true
a decision in favor of thatcountry and of its Gov-
ernmental men everrendered upon any issue pre-
sented to their reason and to their heart, and their
patriotic course thwarted that Legislature in its
i purpose to pass measures decidedly favoring seces-
i| sion. Fn nfew months an election for a succeeding
Legislature took place. The issue was mnde be-
tween Governor JVIagotfm 's neutiaiity, which was
treason to the United States I admit, and Kentucky
wheeling heiselfmto line and coming to the sup-
port of her own Government, that of the United
States, and to the performance of her own duties
as a member of the Union; and the result was in
favor of the party of the Union by a majority of
about three fourths of both Houses of the Legis-
lature. In due time the newly-elected Legislature
convened. Kentucky, by a unanimous vote of
the Union party in both Houses of her Legisla-
ture, immediately voted thatsiie would contribute
her share of the taxation that had been imposed
by the Congress of the United States to carry on
the war, and that she would raise her proportion
of the soldiers necessary to fight the battlesof this
war. She went to the work and raised about
thirty thousand Union soldiers, and sent them to
the Army of the United States—a greater ratio
than was **equired by her numbers—and her Le-
gislature passed resolutions to sustain the Gov-
ernment in the war.
In a few short weeks this vast number of half
a million of men that had been called forth to the
defense of the Government and the nation at the
instance of the President, by the law of Congress,
began to assemble. The State of Kentucky was
invaded early in the session of her Legislature by
the confederate army at two points. The confed-
erates declared that the territory of that State was
necessary to fix the boundary of their southern con-
federation, and they would have Kentucky though
it was at the cost of blood and conquest. The legis-
lative authorities, and the prominent Union men
of that State, immediately invoked the President
to send troops from other States into that State for
her protection against the invaders. Those troops
marched from the northwestern States, from Ohio,
Wisconsin, Iowa, Indiana, our nearest neighbor,
Illinois and Michigan, and even from Pennsylva-
nia. Never was there a nobler soldiery assembled
in an army within the record of history than that
soldiery from all these northwestern States. They
have since illustrated their quality of soldiership
in the camp and in all the duties and trials of a sol-
dier's life, and especially in the bloody field. Their
courage, their patience, their unconquerable firm-
ness, arc only surpassed by the propriety, jus-
tice, moderation, and humanity with which they
deported themselves in their passage, not only
through the State of Kentucky, but even when
they had reached the confederate States, and in the
performance of every duty of generosity, of valor,
and of humanity that it is incumbent on a Chris-
tian soldiery to perform. Sir, I admire the unsur-
passed chivalry and heroism of this soldiery, and
I feel more pleasure and pride in my admiration
of it because they are my countrymen; but I more
admire the humanity, the moderation, the order,
and the noble conduct of that soldiery towards
their enemies than I even do their unsurpassed
prowess in battle.
Mr. President, I admit that from Congress I
have but little hope for the redemption of my coun-
try from the great and perilous difficulties and dan-
gers that now environ it; but when I turn my eyes
to those gallant, true, noble, and patriotic men
who now form the armies of the United States,
and when I turn to the host of those men who are
not politicians nor office seekers nor political ad-
venturers nor partisans, but true and loyal to their
country and its Constitution, who have remained
at home in the bosom of their families for the pur-
pose of performing their duties in private life as
citizens of the United States, and I estimate, as 1
do estimate properly, their intelligence, their vir-
tue, their devotion to their country, to its Govern-
ment, to the Constitution, and all the principles
of the Constitution, as the work of the immortal
men who laid the foundations of our republican
empire and of our popular Government—when I
turn to these men and contemplate their exalted
work, and the depth and singleness of their devo-
tion to our common country, despondency is dis-
pelled, and hope and confidence loom up in my
bosom in the assured conviction that this gallant
soldiery and this noble people will yet come to the
deliverance of that country and its Government.
I Mr. President, there are three distinct lines of
j policy which have a different authorship and dif-
| feientends, but often harmoniousin their action,
' that now constitute the great trouble and danger
: to our Government, our people, and our country.
' What are those hostile lines of policy, distinct in
1 purpose and end, but which are yet so often har-
! monious in action > The first is the policy of Eng-
I land, which is to have a presentsupply of cotton
