1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
from the southern States, and the ultimate and
irreparable disruption of the United States. The
second is, the establishment by the confederate
States of their fmal separation from and independ-
ence of the United States, and the attaching of the
border slave States to their confederation. The
third is, the subversion of slavery in all the Uni-
ted States by the abolitionists of the North, and
then the restoration of the Union, but abolition
of slavery whether the Union is restored or not,
and to force general abolition now and at once,
though the inevitable consequence should be the
dissolution of the Union finally and forever.
There is still a fourth line of policy, different from
and antagonistic to the other three, and against
which the other three, separately and conjointly,
are waging an interminable war, a war that has
no cessation, and never intends to make peace.
What is that fourth line of policy ? It is to restore
the Union; to uphold, defend, and perpetuate the
Constitution as the founders of the Republic made
it; to execute the laws of Congress, and vindicate
the supremacy of the United States Government
within the sphere of its limited powers to the
boundary of every State and Territory; to subju-
gate effectually the present rebellion; and to expel
from our whole system and our whole country
the fruitful mother of ail our political ills, the doc-
trine of southern State rights. Each one of these
four systems of policy has its advocates among
the American people. Never was there a ques-
tion of more moment propounded to any people
than is now propounded from the Halls of national
legislation, and by every tongue and every heart
in the United States, which of these lines of policy
shall prevail?
Sir, you know, and I know, and every intelli-
gent man in the land knows, that there has been
and is now a deliberate, matured, and diabolical
conspiracyagainst the Constitution and the Union
both in the southern and northern States, which
was formed in those sections many years ago, and
recently avowed by the leading conspirators—the
object of the southern conspiiators being to form
the slave States into a separate, independent, and
strong government, and tlie object of the northern
conspirators being to abolish slavery in ail the
States, and, as the necessary condition of the suc-
cess of their project, the preliminary destruction
of .the Constitution and the Union.
Mr. President, I propose to give a few hurried
thoughts upon each one of these lines of policy;
d first, as to the policy of Great Britain m re-
and :
lation to the United States. Never did an impc
rial mother empire let go a distant sti uggling prov-
ince with moi e reluctance than did the Crown and
thepeopicof GrcatBritain the thirteen polonies by
the treaty of 1783. The eye and the heart of that
people, for forty or fifty years afterwards, were
thrown in a spirit of poignant regret for the issue
of that contest and lingering covetousness and de-
sire towards these then acknowledged independ-
ent States of America. The passions and resent-
ments that the contest of the Revolution awakened
on the part of the colonics had not subsided when
I was a youth of intelligence and reading enough
to have some idea of what had been the nature of the
contest between the colonies and the mother coun-
try for the independence of those colonies. From
day to day in all my humble walk in life, in all
my associations—and I associated with many men
of middle and advanced life who had acted a part
in that momentous struggle for liberty—did they
detail the story of the wrongs and the oppressions
which the mother country had heaped upon the
colonies, and especially of the diabolical spirit
and manner in which the mother country had
waged the war for their subjugation bythe em-
ployment of Indian savages, and by inciting them
to the most brutal and revolting cruelties upon the
defenseless frontier settlers—men, women, and
children. ] listened to this stoi y. It addressed it-
self to my heart; it addressed itself to my boyish
reason; and all the opinions and sentiments and
feelings which swelled and heaved in the bosoms
of those old heroes who had passed through the
struggle of seven yeais, I imbibed from them; and
they"molded and fashioned my opinions and my
sentiments in relation to the Cutis!) people and
the British Government,and especially the tyrant
George III.
For some years prior to 1812, England, im-
pelled thereto somewhat by the life struggle which
she was maintaining with the great modern con-
queror for national existence, visited in different
butstill more aggravating and insulting forms her
wrongs upon the United States, by her'orders in
council and by her exerciscof the right of search.
She had boasted that she was the imperial mis-
tress of the seas; that she kept surveillance over
the highway of nations, and that she would ex-
ercise these rights. Her cruisers seized upon our
defenseless merchantmen. Her officers came with
their marines and sailors upon our merchantmen,
and even of our men-of-war in one or two cases,
I believe, and made search for men whom they
claimed as British subjects, owing allegiance to
the British Crown, and they dragged adopted and
native-born citizens of the United States from the
decks of our own vessels, from under the stars
and stripes, and compelled them to go on board
of her men-of-war, and even to arraign Lhemselves
in deadly strife against theirown countrymen and
their own Government.
Her long-continued course of contumely and
aggression towards commerce and the people, of
the United States continued even until the time of
the Mexican war. Before that time, you might
take up an English newspaper, you might read
an English book, a debate in either House of
Parliament among her statesmen and her orators,
and you would never meet with an expression
of friendship, of respect, of the least national de-
corum towards the people and the Government of
the United States. But the Mexican war came,
and immediately the same military demonstration,
but on a much smaller scale, that has been made
in the present rebellion, was made by the people
of the United States to wage that war, though it
was begun in injustice and falsehood, to a success-
ful close and for the triumph of the American
arms. In that short but brilliant contest, it was
demonstrated to England and to the world that
the United States was one of the most warlike
nations upon the eaith; that she was a young
giant springing from infancy to adolescence, from
youth to manhood, and from manhood to matu-
rity at the rote of duplicating her population, and
greatly more than duplicating her wealth and re-
sources, in twenty-five years. The prowess and
the chivalry of their people were exhibited on all
the fields of Mexico, and especially by that bril-
liant campaign conducted by General Scott in
landing his eight thousand troops at VeiaCruz
from his surf boats, cairying the castle of San
Juan d'Ulioa, passing the Tierra^Caliente, and :
; ascending the heights of Cerro Gotdo, storming |
those heights, and then, after a series of decided j
victories, unsurpassed, considering the numbers j
engaged, m military conception of the chief, and j
m the bravery of the soldieis, by any campaign ,
m the world's history, conquering the capital of |
that republic, holding it in subjection, and as the j
military governor of that city, giving to the capi- 1
tal of the Montezumas, as it has been called, the
best government that has ever swayed over it.
England is an observant X>ower, and she has an
observant people. They learned by that war and its
events that the young giant of the western wotld
was not to be tufled with. Sir, what is English
leading policy? What has it ever been? The
French have a term of reproach running through
centuries," perfidious Albionand to that phrase
may be added, selfish, haughty, supercilious Al-
bion. Her policy and her pole star is the aggrand-
lzcmentof her people andof her nation,especially
by commercial expansion, by the gains of com-
merce and manufactures. She still peisistcd in
her former haughty and supercilious course to-
wards our Government. We had various little
matters of collision with her. She wanted to get
a foothold in the island of Cuba. She desired
especially to obtain the recognition by a national
convention with the United States of the right of
search. She had collisions and disputes with us
in relation to the countries of Genual Ameiica,
the island of Ruatan and the possessions upon the
continent contiguous thereto, the Mosquito coast.
She has since had collisions with us in relation to a
place called San Juan,and in relation to Vancou-
ver's Island on the Pacific coast. She attempted
her old policy of bullying, of th reatening, of feel-
ing how far the people and the Government ot the
United States would submit to her exactions.
She was met promptly, though, and she was met
defiantly; and within the last eight or ten years
previous to the commencement of our present diffi-
culties, England submitted to more from the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States than she
ever did from any other people or nation. Why
did she do it? We were then united. is United
we stand; divided we fall." The bondsof unity
applied liberally, in truth and in spirit, to our coun-
try, and toour whole country; and while we were
thus united, away from the jealous, encroach-
ing, and belligerent Powers of Europe in this new
world, we could defy the world in arms. She saw
our union; she knew the power of that union;
and she dare not defy its power. It would have
fallen upon her like a thunderbolt of war, and it
would have wrested from her the trident of the
seas. The magic manner in which during the
present war the vast American hosts have been
brought togetherand formed into the bestsoldier-
ship in a few months; an army,numerous,brave,
and steady as was ever assembled in ancien tor mod-
ern times, and the whole people the most intelli-
gentftnd warlike that ever existed upon theearth,
and the creation of a navy within a few months
from insignificance until it has become one of the
most formidable of the world, prove to England,
and ought to satisfy our own countrymcn, North
and South, how invincible in its power, how pro-
gressive m the development of its resources and
its national posver and grandeur would be this im-
perial Republic if it could only reunite under our
inestimable Constitution, and carry forward its
destinies as they had moved in theirdevelopment,
power, and grandeur from 1787 to 1860.
Mr. President, we have all observed the deep
and anxious solicitude with which European Gov-
ernments and statesmen and newspapers look to
this momentous contest. Has our struggling Gov-
ernment met with any piopcr comity, much less
sympathy and kindness, from the English Gov-
ernment and English statesmen? Did they not
promptly recognize the two parties, that is, the
old United States Governmentand the States that
have rebelled, as two contending belligerents?
Was itgood faith ? Was itnational comity? Was
it anything like friendship, and a proper regard
for the continuance of our Government, the wel-
fare of our people, and the growth of our national
power, for the Government of England to take and
maintain that position? Yet she did so.
Suppose she had adopted the opposite course,
that she had said to these insurgents, Sf we can-
not recognize you as having any belligerent rights;
you are rebels; you aiV ronspn-ing io overthrow
your Government without any sufficient cause;
you have no light on your side; you have no
wrongs that arc at all intolerable, or that cannot
be redressed; we have held and now hold lelations
of amity, peace, and commerce with your Gov-
ernment; we iherefoie cannot iecogm/.c you as
possessing any belhgeient rights against your
Government." Jf England had taken that posi-
tion, and had held that language in relation to the
confederate States, this contest would have come
to a close months and months ago. The great
principle of its vitality, that which gave it hope
and life and energy, was the belief of the deluded
people that their staple article of cotton was so
necessary to the manufactures of England and
France that it would force those Governments—
not eventually, but soon—to recognize their inde-
pendence; and England has acted in that jealous,
unfriendly, equivocal manner towards the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States to en-
courage these hopes of the rebels. That line of
policy k one fact proving the jealousy of England
of the United Stales, of their growth and power,
and her illy-concealed wish to have our Union rent
into fragments.
There is another fact, sir. Have not many of
her statesmen and her newspapers predicted from
I day to day that the United States could never sub-
ij jugate the revolted States; that soonei or Inter they
.! VoUld be forced to acknowledge the southern con-
| federation, and the contest would terminate by
i! that portion of the old Confederacy assuming the
,j character and the rights of a separate Power of the
;! eaith? Has not that been the votcc of England
J in innumerable instances and forms? Why, sir,
|! our good President of the United States, some two
i months or more ago, sent a special message to the
H two Houses of Cong tess, recommending thatCon-
! I gress sho uld pass a proposition ex pi essing the will-
ingness of the body that the United States should
give to such of the border States as chose to enter
upon the system of emancipation pecuniary aid to-
waids the consummation of that work. See how
