1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
collectors or deputy collectors shall, within ten days afW
receiving his collection IKtfrom the assessors,respectively,
as afoiosaid, annually.and whenever he shall be so required
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, advertise in each
county in his collection district, in one newspaper printed
in such county, if any there be, and by notifications to be
posted up m at least four public places in each county in
his collection disttict, that the said duties and taxes have
become due and payable, and state the times and places at
which he or they will attend to receive the same, which
bhall be not le*s than ten days after such notification, &.c.
As the section now stands, the very clay after
this notification has been made in the newspapers
or by these notices that are to be posted up, the
collector may go and demand the taxes. Now,
what is the object of the provision? Obviously
it is to give the tax payer time to collcct his money
in order to be ready when the collector arrives. I
do not know how it is in the eastern States, but
I know that in the western States generally ten
days would be regarded as remarkably short
notice, and the amendment that I offer provides
that the collector shall not call upon the tax payer
in less than ten days after the notification.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING-. I move to strike out
in lines fifty-one and fifty-two, the words " al-
lowed in like eases by the laws or practice of the
State wherein the distraint shall have been made,"
and to insertin lieu thereof the words " prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;" so
that the proviso will read:
Provided, That in any case of distraint for the payment
of the duties or taxes aforesaid, the goods, chattels, or effects
so distrained shall and may be restored to the owner or pos-
sessor if, prior to the sale thereof, payment or tender there-
of shall be made to the proper otticer'charged with the col-
lection of the full amount demanded, together with such fee
for levying, and such sum for the necessary and reasonable
expense of leinoving and keeping the goods, chattels, or
effects so distrained, as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, See.
I will merely say in explanation of the amend-
ment, that the law of distraint has long been abol-
ished in the State of New York, and the same may
be the case in other States.
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have not prac-
ticed law for a long time, but my impression is
that distraint is entirely abolished in our State. I
think the amendment ought to prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move fur-
ther to amend the section by striking out, in lines
fifty-eight and fifty-nine, the words " and a com-
mission of five percent, thereon for his own use."
But for the amendment which has just been adopted
the laws of the States would have provided for
that also. They provide for a percentage on the
sale of distrained property; but sincc the adop-
tion of the amendment which has just passed, it
bccomes still less necessary than before. Under
distruintsand sales made under this act the assessor
or collector might make a very large sum of money
in addition to what is allowed him in other ways.
He is already paid all his expenses and fees under
the laws of the States or under the directions of
the Commissioner.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to leave it en-
tirely unlimited. I think we had better fix the
fees that shall be allowed.
Mr. BROWNE, of Ilhode Island. The section
already provides that he shall have his fees for
levying and all reasonable expenses attending the
sale, and also such commission as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall prescribe, under
the amendment just adopted. Why, then, should
we add to all that five per cent, on the amount of
the sale r If the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
look to the fifty-sixth and fifty-seventh lines, he
will find that it is provided there that he may re-
tain his necessary and legal expenses of distraint
and sale.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
in the fifteenth line by inserting after the word
" deputy" the words "to make a demand per-
sonally or ;" so that the clause will read:
It shall be the duty of each collector, m person or by dep-
uty, to make a demand personally or to apply at once at
their respective dwellings within such district, and tlicie
demand the duties or taxes payable by such persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the same clause by striking out the word " their"
in the fifteenth line and inserting " the," and by
inserting after the word." dwellings," in line six-
teen, the words " of such persons so neglecting."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend in line thirty-
seven, page 19, by adding after the word " two"
the word " other so that it will read:
And the said officer shall forthwith cause a notification
to be published in some newspaper within the district, or
to be publicly posted up at the tavern, if there be one within
five miles, nearest to the residence of the person whose
property shall be distrained, and in not less than two other
public places.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend in line forty-
nine, same page, by adding after the word " re-
moving" the word " advertising so that it will
read:
Provided, That in case of distiaint for the payment of the
duties or taxes aforesaid, the goods, chattels, or effects so
distrained shall and may be restored to the owner or pos-
sessor if, prior to the sale thereof, payment or tender thereof
shall be made to the proper officer charged with the collec-
tion of the full amount demanded, together with such fee
for levying, and such sum for the necessary and reasonable
expense of removing, advertising, and keeping the goods,
chattels, or effects so distrained as may be allowed in like
eases by the laws or practice of the State wherein the dis-
traint shall have been made.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to amend by adding
in line sixty-four, after the word " necessary,"
the words " and kept;" so that it will read:
Articles exempted from distress or execution by the laws
of any State, beasts of the plow necessary and kept for
the cultivation of improved lands, arms, or household fur-
niture, or apparel necessary for a family.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out all about the beasts
of the plow. We have already provided for the
exemption from distraint of all property that is
exempted by the laws of the State. I am myself a
farmer, and have, I believe, some forty work ani-
mals, all of them necessary for the cultivation of
the soil. I know of many who have a stiii larger
number. It would not be right to exempt such
property from distraint. I think we exempt, un-
der this bill, a much larger amount of property
than there is any necessity for. We exempt from
forced saleallthe property that is exempted under
State laws, and in addition—where State laws do
not make the exemption—household furniture,
&c. I hope this clause about beasts of the plow
will be stricken out.
Mr. HARRISON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from California.
As I understand it, the clause to which lie refers
has been already so modified as that we only ex-
empt from distraint such articles as are, by the
laws of the several States, exempted from dis-
traint for non-payment of taxes. In the State of
Ohio there are no articles of personal property
exemptfrom seizure, either by distraint or on ex-
ecution, for the non-payment of taxes.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Does the gentleman
know of any State where they are exempt?
Mr. HARRISON. I do not.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. In our State there
arc the same exemptions from seizure and dis-
traint for taxes as there are for any other liability
or debt.
Mr. HARRISON. That, Mr. Chairman, is
only as regards one State. But I was about to
remark that if the amendment of the gentleman
from California were adopted, we should be dis-
criminating against the farmers of the country,
and in favor of the mechanics and professional
men.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. HARRISON. Certainly-
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I suggest that
under this bill there are no farmers who can be
taxed, except such as have over $600 a year in-
come.
Mr. HARRISON. I include in the term "farm-
ers" that large class of persons in the western
country who arc denominated "renters" or "crop-
pers," who do not own the farms, but who, in
oi dei to carry on their business, may have a team.
The first clause of this proviso provides that it
shall not be lawful to make distraint on tools or
implements of a trade or profession. The crop-
per or renter would not be included within either
of those terms. Certainly, if the section is to be
so amended as that the agricultural classes to
which I refer shall not have the benefit of the ex-
emption, the other clauses of it ought to be also
stricken out.
The question was taken on Mr. Harrison's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment, to strike out all in reference to beasts of the
plow; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to call the
attention of the committee and of the members of
the Committee of Ways and Means to an amend-
ment which is, I think, rendered necessary by an
amendmentadopted on the motion of my colleague,
[Mr. Porter.] T^.at amemlment was to strike
out the word " within," in the eleventh line, and
insertin lieu of it the words " not less than;" so as
to make it read:
And state the times and places at which he or they will
attend to receive the same, which shall be not less than ten
days after such notification.
The section goes on to provide that:
With respect to persons who shall not attend according
to such notifications, and such as are liable to pay duties
or taxes at any other time or times, it shall be the duty of
each collector, in person or by deputy, to apply once at their
respective dwellings within such district, and there demand
the duties or taxes payable by such persons, which appli-
cation shall be made within twenty days after the receipt
of the collection lists.
Now, this is impossible. The collector could
not fulfill that appointment. I therefore propose
to strike out the words " after the receipt of the
collection list," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" thereafter." As the bill now reads, by the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Porter,] the
collector cannot fix a period within ten days to
meet these parties and fix their taxes, but must
postpone it to a later period than ten days.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is a very bad
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. And if the parties
do not meet him, he is to make a personal demand,
after the time he gets the list, which will be within
ten days.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the committee will
not agree to the amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. If you make it
twenty days thereafter, it seems to me that that
will meet the necessities of the case.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that it will
derange the whole order of the bill. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask my col-
league to withdraw that motion for a moment to
enable me to indicate an amendment which 1 de-
sire to offer.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The amend-
ment which I desire to submit is to strike from
the proviso the words " or any other articles ex-
empted from distress or execution by the laws of
any State." There is no uniformity in the dif-
ferent States as to the property exempted from
taxation.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (athalf
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 18, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ASSISTANT TREASURER AT BOSTON.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
353) to provide for the appointment of clerks in
the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Boston, to
fix their salaries, and provide for the absence of
the Assistant Treasurer, and for other purposes.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a correspondence
between the Secretary of State and the Danish
