THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
in being able to compute the precise pay of any of
these officers. Thespeech he has made would have
been a Very good one if it were applied to any act
in regard to the military branch of the public ser-
vice, where they have commutation for fuel, and
lights, and quarters, and servants, and horses,
and various things of that kind.
Mr. HALE. It is all wrong.
Mr. GRIMES. But because it is wrong there,
that is no reason why the Senator should bring in
the speech he has been in the habit of making as
applicable to Army rations, commutation, &c.,
and apply it to this proposition which I have sub-
mitted to the Senate. By a law passed nearly a
year ago, each retired Armyofficeris to have four
rations a day, and the price of the ration is fixed
by law at thirty cents, so thatthere is np difficulty
in computing it. The provision which I have of-
fered is that where a retired officer of the Navy
ranks relatively with an officer in the Army, the
Navy officer shall receive the same pay as the of-
ficer of corresponding rank in the Army, and no
more. That is all there is of it. The law of Con-
gress says that a major shall receive a certain sum,
and four rations a day at thirty cents apieee. We
know how much that amounts to.
Mr, HALE. How is it with a major general ?
Mr.GRIMES. Amajorgeneral receives#2,640
a year and four rations aday, abrigadier general,
$1,488; a colonel, $1,326; a lieutenant colonel,
$1,140; a major, $960; a captain, $840; a lieuten-
ant, $640. Their rations, besides, amount to $438
a year. There is not an infinite deal of trouble in
computing that. The law specifies what the posi-
tive pay is, and then we all know that the commu-
tation of four rations aday for throe hundred and
sixty-five days, at thirty cents a ration, amounts
to $438 a year. This is intended to apply to a class
of very meritorious and worthy officers who have
been in service more than forty-five years, and
some of whom helped to defend the country in the
last war with Great Britain. It is believed that
something is due to them from the country. It
is proposed simply to give them the same pay that
is given to an officer in the Army of a correspond-
ing rank.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo re.' The question
is on agreeing to the amendment
The question being put, there were eight votes
in the affirmative.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only to say that the
whole interior life of the bill is knocked out of it
if we do nut adopt this. We have provided for
the retirement of certain aged officers in other pro-
visions of the bill, upon retired pay.
The PR1SSIDKN V pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire if a further count is demanded.
.Several Sknatohs. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment. is rejected.
Mr. Sii ICllMAN. 1 do not think there is any
objection to giving to retired officers of the Navy
the same pay and allowances that are given to re-
tired officers of the Armyexccpttherntions. Why
not leave the rations out and repeal that provis-
ion of law which allows rations to officers of the
Avmy? 1 think it ought to be repealed. It was
reported by a committee of conference, I think
against the "sense of the Senate, because the Senate
hnd directly voted it down. I remember the pro-
vision very well. There was a difference between
the two Houses as to the rates of pay that should
lie awarded to retired officcis. The Senate had
its proposition and the House of Representatives
had its proposition; end finally a committee of
conference split the difference in some way and
iXtive four rations in addition, which really made
the pay higher than either proposition when the
iig^H-gate was footed np. If the Senator from
Iowa will oiler a proposition to give the corre-
sponding ranks of the Army and Navy the same
retired pay, leaving off rations, I think the Sena-
tor from New Hampshiie will have no objection.
Mi. HALE. I think that would be high
enough.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the proposition would
be very fair, if stated ill tins vvuy; that we should
incorporate these rations into the bill, and when-
ever the Senator from Ohio or anybody else in-
troduces a bill to repeal that, provision both as to
the Army and Navy, I shall go with him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us'do it now.
Mr. GRIMES. This is not the kind of bill
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to do it here;
say that these officers shall have the same pay
with retired officers of the Army, who shall nave
the pay now fixed by law, without the rations.
Mr. GRIMES. All I want is a condition of
equality existing between the two services in cor-,
responding ranks.
Mr. HALE. I want to say, though I do not
know that it will have any great weight with the
Senate, that this proposition was considered in
the Naval Committee when they were fixing this
pay,and the committee were unanimously against
it. When I say that,T need not add that the
Senator from Iowa was not present.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that my
amendment was rejected?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understood it.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to offera verbal amend-
ment. On page 5, in line twelve of section eleven,
I move to strike out the word " exceeded," and
insert " increased thereby." It is equivocal as it
is now expressed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, that verbal amendment will be made.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the phraseology of section eleven:
That any person who shall have lecelvcil or shall here-
after receive a temporary appointment ax acting volunteer
lieutenant or acting master in the Navy, from civil life, au-
thorized by the net of Congress of July 24, 1881, may be
confirmed in said appointment in tile Navy.
I do not know what that means. I cannot give
a construction to it. "May be confirmed1'by
whom? Is he to be appointed upon nomination
by the President and confirmation by the Senate ?
If so, it ought to be stated. I do not know what
this means.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit an amendment as
a now section:
Jln& tie it further enacted, That admirals, commodores,
captains, coininandeis, lieutenant commanders, lieuten-
ants, masters, anil ensigns on the letiicd list of the Navy
shall receive the same pay as authorized to the offieeisof
the Army (according to their respective ranks) by the act of
Congress approved August 3,1861; that is to say: admirals
the same as major generals, commodores the same as brig-
adier geneials, captains the same as colonels,commanders
the same as I tcutenant colonels, lieutenant commanders the
same as majors, lieutenants the same as captains, masters
the same as'flrst lieutenants, and ensigns the same as second
lieutenants in the Army; and no rations shall'hereafter be
allowed to retired officers of the Army or Navy.f
Mr. HALE. I suggest to my friend that we
have amended the bili by striking out "ensign"
and inserting " passed midshipman."
Mr. SHETR.MAN. I took the language of the
Senator from Iowa. It can bo modified in that
way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made. "Ensigns" will be stricken
out, and "passed midshipmen" inserted where
ever it occurs, to conform with other portions of
the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly cannot consent for
one to cut down the pay of officers of the Army
and Navy at the present time, either directly or
indirectly.
Mr. SHER.MAN. This applies to retired
officers.
Mr. POSTER. 1 do not care whether they are
retired or not, if they arc Army and Navy officers.
I do not believe there is any law at present which
gives them more pay than they earn. If they are
entitled to hold their places in the service, we do
not pay them too much; and it is our fault if we
keep them m when they ought not to be there. If
they are not fit for their places, they should be
stricken off; but if they honor their places, we do
not honor ourselves by reducing their pay, and
we do them injustice. I am not disposed to pro-
long the discussion or take any factious part about
it, but if it is pressed 1 must ask for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of this amendment.'
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment is not
adopted they will receive no retired pay, and the
only question is, whether they shall have none at
all or what is given by this amendment. Unless
the Senate designs to frame another proposition
in antagonism to this, giving them more, there
will be no pay given to a retired admiral unless
this proposition be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I wilt state that I intend to
offer, when we get into Senate, and call for the
yeas and upon, my original proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only difference is sim
ply the qualification about the rations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to strike out all of the
ninth sec-tion after the word " that,." and insert:
The Presidentof the United States, by and will) the advice
and consent of the Senate, may restore to the grade on the
active list from which he was retired, any officer of the line
who lias been thus retired on account of age or lengtli of ser-
vice, and not for any personal or professional inability or
delinquency, to the active list, and such officer shall not be
again retired until he has been fifty-five years in the naval
service of the United States.
The amendment^was rejected—ayes nine, noes
not counted.
Mr. HALE. I want to make a verbal amend-
ment in the second line of the eighth section, by
striking out the word " commissioned," and in-
serting "appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In section nine, line three, af-
ter the word "Navy ,"I move to insert the words
"above the grade of commander," so that the
section will read, " that whenever, upon the rec-
ommendation ofthe President oftheUnited States,
any officer of the Navy above the grade of com-
mander, has received, or shall receive,"&c.
Mr. HALE. Let me ask the Senator if he will
not be content to say, " not below the grade of
commander," so as to include commanders.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. I think that would be better.
Mr. HARRIS. I accept that modification of
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment now reads as follows: after the word
"Navy," insert "not below the grade of com-
mander."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my motion to
insert the word " rear," before" admiral," where
ever it occurs in the bill, so as to make the high-
est officers rear admirals, instead of full admirals.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew the amendment
I offered a little while ago in regard to the retired
officers of the Navy, to insert as an additional
section:
JhU be it further enacted, That admirals, commodores,
captains, commanders, lieutenant commanders, lieuten-
ants, masters, and passed midshipmen, on thf retired list
ofthe Navv, shall receive the same pay and rations as au-
thorized to'the officers ot the Army (according to their re-
spective ranks) by tiic acts of Congress approved August 3,
1801; that is to say: admirals the same as major generals,
commodores the same as brigadier generals, captains the
same as colonels, commanders the s>ame as lieutenant col-
onels lieutenant commanders, the same as majors, lieu-
tenants the sameas captains, masters the same as first lieu-
tenants, passed midshipmen the same as second lieutenants
in the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section I offered was
adopted, and agreed to in the Senate. Thisisin-
consistent with that.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 did not understand that the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio was con-
curred in.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. All the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole have
been concurred in in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. With the provision repealing
the ration of the Army officers, too?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Whatever
amendments were made in the Committee of the
Whole have been concurred in in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The result is, that we shall
have the bill hung: up, and it will not pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa can move to reconsider the vote con-
curring in that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. We may as well let it go to
the House of Repicsentatives, and I think they"
will agree to it. if they do not like it, they can
amend it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, that amendment will be considered as ex-
cepted. It was by inadvertence that the Senator
from Iowa did not except it.
The PRESIDENTpro/em^ore. It is competent
for the Senator to move to reconsider the vote con-
curring in that amendment. No such motion be-
ing made, the question u-cuis on the amendment
