238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to respect his declarations. He may at one time
have been nominated forsome office. He has been
rejected, and that does not argue much in favor
of his declarations in other matters. Unless we
want to destroy the credit of the Treasury, or
unless we say that the Secretary is guilty of a
fraudulent appropriation of the money appropri-
ated, 1 do not see how these remarks apply at all.
These investigations are proper, but they do not
assiime the form, or shape, or character of evi-
dence at all. i have read a report of a high officer
of the Government who went West to investigate
certain mallets, and it began by stating that he
saw a woman atCincmnati who declared thatshe
heard a man say to some one in Kentucky that
General Fremont was not fit to command. He
found several more such items in St. Louis.
There they found a man in command who said he
verily believed that he was betterable to command
an army than General Fremont was. That was
his own opinion—a very worthy man he was. I
saw a report made up of such kind of stuff. Now,
to give that the character of evidence anywhere
upon the face of God's earth is doing violence to
all the rules of evidence. It isjust so with this case.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to amend the text,
by striking out one half of the appropriation. I
do it simply to enable me to say a word or two in
support of the original amendment. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] may at-
tempt to whistle down the wind, but- 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
He cannot move an amendment and then speak
•against it. He must support his own amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Then I cannot do what the
gentleman can.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. DAWES. I believe I have the floor. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is disposed to an-
swer the statement made by the gentleman from
Indiana out of some materials of a report published
in reference to something else. He does not pro-
pose to contiovert the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana, that when this contract was made
it was made by an arrangement and contrivance
between the contractois and a Government offi-
cial, by which a contract was made to engiave
these Treasury notes at such an enormous price
that there is this deficiency.
Mr. STEVENS. Wiii the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. DAWES. I have not time. 1 would be
happy to have a conversation with the gentleman
upon this point if I had time.
Mr. STEVENS. I only wished to know who
the official was.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Wood, the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, a party to the contract, a
party to the very contract for which you are now
attempting to appropriate a deficiency of $150,000.
And yet my friend from Pennsylvania is disposed
to ridicule u. He is disposed to undertake to cast
a censure upon the committee who ha\e endeav-
ored to lay these facts before the House. If the
House do not care to correct this evil, if they do
not care so much as to stop the money which is
the fruit of this ftaud upon the Government, they
will vote this appropriation. They can stop the
temptation to continue these practices of fraud if
t hey will. By tins arrangement the men who had
first engraved the treasury notes for the southern
confederacy were enabled afterwards to make this
contract with this Government,and shut out men
who stood knocking at the door of the Treasury
with their proposition to do it for a less sum; and
yet you are disposed here to ridicule and whistle
down the wind the opposition to the appropua-
tion for this deficiency! I do not care to debate
any proposition for the issuing of Ti easury notes,
or to listen to men who say the Treasury will be
bankrupt in a few days unless you issue them,
unless my Iriends will stand by me and help me
stop this plundering of the Treasury. I will now
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
^ The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion to strike out the entire clause, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I renew the motion that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
I Mr. ARNOLD. I offer the following proviso,
to come in at the end of the first section of the
I bill:
j Provided, That the appropriations of $178,000 for the At-
lantic and Gulf survey, §100,000 for the survey of the west-
j ein coast, and $11,000 for the Florida reefs and keys, shall
1 not be expended, nor any part thereof, wlnJe the present
j insurrection exists.
! Mr. Chairman, by the adoption of the proviso
j which I have submitted, the House will save the
| expenditure of nearly three hundred thousand
i dollars, it provides that the coast survey of Flor-
j ida reefs and elsewhere shall not be continued
! during the existence of the insurrection. I believe
! I that that survey ought not to be continued during
jj the continuance of the war; I believe that the
i' officers both of the Army and of the Navy have
j| not the time in the midst of this controversy to
I] carry on that survey: I believe that we have not
i vessels to spare to be engaged in that survey at
'I the present time; but that all the officers of the
| Army and Navy, and all the means at the com-
| mand of the Government, should be appropriated
! to the single object of putting down the insurrec-
i tion, and when that has been put down we can
i go on with this survey. I call upon the members
of this committee who have been engaged in the
' laudable work of economy, in the cutting down
| of the appropriations in this bill, to aid me in this
i paiticular, by which there will be saved to the
i Treasury the sum of $300,000.
! Mr. STEVENS. If it is the design of this
j House to disband the different Departments of the
i Government because we have an insurrection on
! hand, then this amendment may be all very proper;
i, but if we continue the office of the Coast Survey,
ji the salaries of the officers there will fall due, and
i: will have to be paid some time or other, and we
had better pay thorn as we go along, and let them
I woik. I do not feel disposed todisband those dif-
j! ferent Departments of the Government. I think
'i wc had better keep them up. We have appropri-
! otcd a very small sum for this purpose compared
jj with what has been formerly appropriated; but it
!! is enough to keep them going, and we had better
' make the appi opnahon unless wo intend that the
I' whole system of the coast survey shall be abol-
: ished. 1 do not very much care what disposition
! is made of this matter, as the House has stricken
: out the appropriation for the Tieasury notes,
j which are necessary to carry on the Government.
; As soon as a vote is taken on this amendment, I
j shall move that the committee rise, as I perceive
> that it is impossible to get through with the bill
this evening.
Mr. ARNOLD. Iam in favor of disbanding
the CoastSurvey during the progress of the insur-
rection.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to—ayes fifty-six: noes not counted.
I; Mr. SARGENT. I oO'er the followingamend-
ji ment, to come in at the end of the first section of
' the bill; *
II Fm nci*es«ary expenses in carrying into effect the act of
J! Ma} 2.5,lS()0.in addition to the appropriation made by that
I; act, #30,000: Prondcd, That no poitiou of tins appropria-
'1 tion shall he applied to the payment of claims now c.\ist-
; nig against the IJmted rftales undei said act.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the committee
| do now iise.
The motion was agreed to.
| So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
. resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
' the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
; eration a bill (H. R. No. 154) making appiopria-
, tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and ad-
i ditional appropriations for the year ending the
; 30th of June, 1862, and had come to no resolution
( thereon.
I On motion ofMr.BLAIvE, (at twenty-five min-
j utes after four o'clock, p. m.,) the House then
I adjourned. 
| JN SENATE,
j Thursday, January 9, 3862.
1 Prayer by Rev. Dr. Su.vderlakd.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF Mil. POLK.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the resolution
submitted on the 18th of December last, for the
expulsion from the Senate of Trusten Polk, a
Senator from Missouri, have directed me to report
back the resolution, accompanied by a report in
writing, with the unanimous recommendation of
the committee that the resolution do pass. I move
that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DEAD LETTER OFFICE-
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (H. K. No. 160) to promote
the efficiency of the dead letter office, to report
it back with an amendment. I desire that the bill
may be put upon its passage now; it is a short
affair, and it is needed for present use.
There being no objection to the present consid-
eration of the bill, it was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Postmaster General to leturn all dead letters,
except those containing circulars and other worth-
less matter, to their writers, whenever their names
can be ascertained; all valuable letters to be charged
treble, and all others double, the ordinary rate of
postage, to be collected from the writers. To en-
able this to be done, the Postmaster General is
to employ not exceeding twenty-five additional
clerks, at not exceeding $800 salary per year, if he
is satisfied that, the receipts for dead letter postage *
will amount to a sum sufficient to pay the aggre-
gate compensation; and he is to report to the next
session of Congress the additional income from
this source, with its cost and statistical results.
The amendment of the Post Office Committee
was to strike out the words, " at not exceeding
$800 salary per year,*' and insert " at salaries not
exceeding an average of $800 per year, and no one
to receive over $1,200 for the year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that this is a
proposition to increase the number of clerks in the
Post Office Department. I learn from sources
which leave no doubt of the fact, that they have
in some of the Departments,and especially in the
Sixth Auditor's office, where they settle the Post
Office accounts, double the number of clerks that
they need. I think we might so arrange this bill
that those unnecessary clerks should be detailed
for this purpose. We have got to add a large num-
ber of cleiks to the War Office. That is inevit-
able. We have got to add a great number of cleiks
to the Second Auditor's office, and the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that we must
add some to the Navy Department. It seems to
me that we might as well detail out of the Sixth
Auditor's office, where they have a large number
of clerks more than they require, men to do this
work, and not add to the clerks in this Depart-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know nothing about
the condition of the Sixth Auditors office now.
Whether the force there could be lessened, I am
not prepared to say. It has nothing to do with
the Post Office Department It is true that Au-
ditor audits the Post Office accounts. That is all
his connection with it. The Postmaster General
has not the power to appoint those clerks, and he
has no control over them in any way.
I wish gentlemen would give a little attention
as to what is the object of this bill. Its object is
not to increase the number of clerks. That, to
be sure, is a contingent thing. The Postmaster
General desires to try the experiment of returning
all the dead letters to the wnfn-s, wheneveritcan
be ascertained who they are,thatthey themselves
may judge of the value of them, instead of destroy-
ing dead letters, as is now done. In order to
enable him to try this experiment, a decided in-
crease of clerical force is required. To enable
him to try the experiment, which is the English
practice, of returning dead letters, this bill pro-
vides that he may be authorized to appoint not
exceeding twenty-five additional clerks, provided
he is of opinion that the postages which can be
derived from the writers of the letters on their
being returned to them will pay the expense.
These are to be clerks of an inferior grade, their
duties being meiely to open letters and inclose
and return them to their proper signers, in order
that those persons may take them out of the office
if they please to pay the postage upon them. The
Postmaster General is of opinion that from the
postage which the people will pay upon these
