2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
that message was seized upon and discussed in the
English prints. I rememberthattheLondonTimes
immediately took it up, and treated it as an indica-
tion, an evidence that the President of the United
States was by that measuie, that stroke of policy,
endeavoring to draw away the border slave States,
by abolishingslavery, from the southern confeder-
acy, and that as soon as that was effected the Presi-
dent's policy further contemplated the recognition
of the southern confederacy. Other London news-
papers assumed the same position, and gave the
same interpretation to the message ofthe President;
and if I recollect aright, though I am not certain
of that fact, the official organ of Lord Palmeiston
adopted precisely" the same construction. I do not
believe the message bears any such construction.
It is obscure to my mind; it may be my fault; to
me it is ambiguous; but I do not believe it can
justly bear that construction, or that the Presi-
dent ever intended to foreshadow or adopt such a
policy. If it was his purpose, why should we
have entered upon this war at all ? If it is his pur-
pose, why should the war be continued at such a
dreadful cost of blood, of treasure? But the wish
was father to the thought. The old Tory states-
men and politicians of England, and a portion of
the people of England who want this great Re-
public reduced to weakness and insignificance as
a Power, by its breaking into pieces, gave to that
language the interpretation of the thought to
which their wish was father.
Now, sir, what does England require from the
United States? She requires to be furnished with
that article from the cotton States. If cotton is an
article of prime and great necessity to employ her
people, to keep in operation her machinery, to
return wealth to her operatives and her lap, what
claim has England upon the people or the Gov-
ernment of the United States to furnish her that
cotton? She hits her East India possessions. I
admit that there never will be much cotton raised
in that country. I have an intelligent neighbor by
the name of Terry, who was an overseer on one of
the cotton plantations in the southern States some
twenty-five or thirty years ago. He is a most skill-
ful cultivator of cotton, and knows all about the
most approved means of raising it. lie and three
other acquaintances of his, living m Louisiana or
Mississippi, weie employed by the East India
Company about twenty years since to go (o India,
and to instruct the people there in the cultivation
of cotton. He remained six years. He is a man
of strong natural mind, of close, accurate observa-
tion, and of great intelligence. He has given me
more information about India and about the ca-
pacity of India to grow cotton than any and all the
sources of information besides that have been
accessible to me. lie tells me that the present
product of cotton in India is about equal to the
average of its capacity of production; that by ex-
traordinary appliances U may some years be in-
creased, but the present rate is about the maximum
average production; and that each planter pro-
duces a measure—he gave the name, but I do not
recollect it, that amounts to about eighty pounds
of net cotton. That is the product now of an
India planter. On the cotton plantations in our
southern country from eight to ten bales, averag-
ing four hundred pounds,"is the product of a hand.
Wliiie the East India planter therefore produces
about eighty pounds, the negro upon the Ameri-
can plantation pioduces fiom thiee to four thou-
sand pounds.
What are the statistics of cotton? I am not
going to enter info any lengthy detail, but accord-
ing to my recollection Egypt produces the largest
quantity of cotton next to the United States, and
the reason of that large production in Egypt is
that it is a great source of revenue to the Pacha.
He is an absolute despot; he is the master, and
the persons who work on the plantations and cot-
ton fields there are his slaves. He compels them
by his mastery to labor, and the result is that these
slaves ot his produce moie cotton than is giown
in any other country in the woild except the cot-
ton States. "According to my recollection of the
aggregate amount of the product of cotton, all the
world besides the United States produces about
one fourth. The United States produces about
three times as much cotton as all other countries.
There is Africa, a vast continent, with about
twelve million square miles of territory, extend-
ing, according to my recollection, from about thir-
ty-seven degrees of south latitude to thirty-five
degrees north. The most approved cotton-grow-
ing regions in our coun try are from thirty to th lrty-
six degrees of latitude. There is a considerable
belt of country in Africa that is adapted by its
latitude, judging by our own country, to the pro-
duction of cotton, and there are also a few degrees
of latitude in the empire of Brazil. It has some
three or four degrees of latitude adapted to the
growth of cotton. The rest of that vast country,
aboutthe size of the United States,is too far south,
and the climate is too warm and arid to allow of
the profitable cultivation of cotton. But England,
if she chose, could, by herfleetsand her colonies,
take possession of any amount of cotton lands
that her cupidity or policy might grasp on the con-
tinent of Africa, and she there couid open cot-
ton fields, and commence the cultivation of that
important staple for herself; but she knows that
it is more convenient and more profitable to her
that the planters of the southern States of the Uni-
ted States should grow the raw article and sell it
to her, and that she should have all the profits of
its manufacture into cotton fabrics.
There is another reason in this connection. The
sea-island cotton has a long staple, and a fine silky
fiber. It grows nowhere else except upon the
islands on the immediate coast of Florida, North
and South Carolina, and Georgia, and in very
restricted portions of those States. If I am in-
formed aright, there is no other portion of the
earth that produces to any considerable extent the
article called sea-island cotton at all. That is one
of the most essential articles in the production of
the finest and most costly fabrics of cotton; and
England has no place to look to but to those por-
tions of the United States to obtain this valuable
raw article. Now, sir, do not we all, who have
read of England, know of her characteristics? Do
we not know how constant, how persevering,
how inflexible in purpose she is in everything
that she adopts as her policy ? Her manufactures
are essential to her national existence. A large
portion of her population arc employed and fed
by them. In order that this population may be
employed, they must have cotton wool from the
southern States. At least that is the present be-
lief, policy, and purpose of England; and that is
one of the motives that has induced her to inter-
vene in this unfriendly manner between the re-
volted States and the Government of the United
States.
There is still another motive that is operating
upon England. She is, and has been for centu-
ries, jealous of every maritime Power that ever
rose on the earth. Genoa and Venice wcrcahttle
before the creation, to any considerable extent, of
the English marine; but Spain and Holland some
two or three centuries since rose into the highest
eminence and consideration as commercial Pow-
ers. England was continually htmng collisions
and wars with these nations for the purpose of re-
ducing their maritime force and elevating her own
at their expense. She has continued this contest
with Prance up to the present tune. It has been
one of the fiercest and most expensive rivalries
that ever two nations entered into with each other,
and instead of its force and extent being abated,
it is continually increasing from day to day. Each
one of those Powers is straining us utmost nerve
and all its resources to see which of them shall
have the greatest military marine,and which shall
adopt with the most promptness and success all
the inventions and improvements in maritime
warfare.
England entertains the same disposition towards
the United States, but in a greatei and more abid-
ing degree, if possible, than she does towaids
France, because the mercantile marine of the Uni-
ted States is as great, if not greater, than that of
England herself. The mercantile maiine of no
other Power enters into competition or even com-
parison with that of England; but if I recollect
angh t—and I have not read with a view to this ques-
tion—the mercantile marine of the United States,
exterior and interior, at this time, largely trans-
cends thatof England. Our late efforts in exper-
iments prove that whenever the necessity arises,
if the people and these States continue united, we
can in an inconceivably short time create a more
formidable military marine than even the proud
mistress ofthe seas herself commands.
Our ship-buildeis, the inventive genius of our
people, their fertility and piacticability of inven-
tion, and the application of new principles to all
the useful purposes of life, of agriculture, of man-
ufactures, and of navigation, exceed that of all
the world besides. England sees this. She con-
cedes it. Her fears, and her jealousy, and her
rivalry make her feel it,and thisisanotherreason
why England does not favor a reconstruction of
the United States, but desires so greatly that the
present disruption shall never be healed, that the
United States shall go on dissolving, breaking up
into further fragments, until the fable of the old
man who called his sons around him when he was
going to die, and impressed upon them a lesson
in favor of union by a bundle of faggots, shall
illustrate our folly in tearing to pieces our united
Republic. England realizes practically that fable,
and for that reason her cherished policy, that
which from our present troubles has received
encouragement and hope and expectancy, that
of dividing these United States into insignificant,
feeble, and powerless fragments, is now one of
the principles that is shaping her action, arid that
has caused her to interpose jn our troubles as she
has interposed. And she will continue this in-
terposition. There is no longera doubt that more
active and efficient interposition in our domestic
war has been the subject of recent consultations
between her and France.
Mr. President, one of the great difficulties we
have to encounter in reconstruction is the hostile
policy of England. There is nothing that would
give so deep a joy to the politicians and statesmen
of England and many of her people as the per-
manent disruption of our Union. She knows that
the South would be no match for the North; that
in national and neighborhood jealousies, in the
collisions and conflict of arms the South would be
weaker than the North; and she knows that the
inevitable consequence would be that the South
would throw itself upon her for protection and
for defense. It would come as certainly as the
day succeeds the night. Such is the degree of
exasperation and of intense prejudice and hate in
the southern mmd—and I will speak after a little
of that feeling on the part of the North, too—
that to-day, if the free option was o fie red to the
cotton States in these terms, " Will you come
back to the old Union,resume yourposition in it,
and have all the piotection and rights that you
ever enjoyed under the Constitution and the laws
of the United States and its Government, upon
terms of perfect equality and reciprocity with 'the
people of the northern States, or would you pre-
fer to become colonists or quasi colonists of Eng-
land'" a vast majority of the people of those
States would choose the latter alternative. They
are frenzied; they are excited to a point beyond
the operations of calm reason; they have lost oil
love and attachment for the old Union, for the old
flag, and for the Government that was established
by Washington. Everythingof the kind now is
turned into objects of prejudice and bitter hatred.
To render a reunion and a continuance in any
harmony between the sections of the United States
possible, these feelings must be changed. They
can be changed, I believe. The deep hope of my
heart is that they will be changed, and thata wise,
humane, and just, but firm policy will change
them. But if they are never to be changed, the
hope of continuing the two sections together as
one nation, under one Government, with one des-
tiny, however deplorable the confession may be,
must be abandoned forever.
Mr. President, I now proceed to consider the
second line of policy—tlie establishment by the
confederate States of their final separation from
and independence of the free States, and attach-
ing all the bordei slave States to their confedera-
tion; and no gentleman in this body and no man
of common intelligence m this nation, will doubt
the serious nature of that policy. Jf it should be
consummated, and should become the established
and permanent state of things in the United States,
as I believe, it would bethemostdeplorablecalam-
ity that could happen to all the United States and
to the whole world. If there is anything in con-
nection with the condition, destiny, and history
of the United States that is more essential and of
more vital and permanent importance than any
other thing whatever, that my imagination can
conceive of, it is the peipetuity of our Union. If
it was necessary, and 1 could believe, that it wa%
necessary, in order to preserve this Union under
and according to the old Constitution, witli none
of its principles obliterated, nothing added to it,
