186&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3181
moved by the Senator from Iowa, which is now
before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ^tateto the Senatorfrom
Ohio what will be the effect of his proposition} if
it is passed. Take, for instance, the gentlernan
who is at the head of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, who distinguished himself as a lieutenant
in the battle on Lake Champlain, under McDon-
ough, and who received a silver medal from this
Government. At this time, if he was not in the
public service, he would on the retired list receive
i\ pay of $1,738 a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difference is about$400.
Mr. GRIMES. As it now stands, he would
receive pay to the amount of §1,738 a year. With
the Senator's amendment, promoting him one
grade and making him a commodore, what would
he receive? He would receive $1,488, or $250 less
than he is entitled to receive now. If the Senate
are willing toadoptan amendment which will have
such an effect as that on all that old class of men
who have distinguished themselves in the public
service for fifty years, and will not, just as they
are about to leave the public service, honor them
with a little bit of promotion which the country
has been so charry of during the whole time of its
history, I have nothing to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it will be any
hardship to the bravest and noblest man that ever
lived, who has served his country for forty-five
years, and received during all that time for his
services the pay fixed bylaw, tq retire him when
he is unable to render further service. Men in
all employments in life are retired, and after an
officer of the Army or N$,vy has served forty-five
years of the most diligent service., and been well
paid for it all that time, he ought to have such
habits of economy and industry as to have laid
up enough for his old age. This habit of pension-
ing people only induces the officers of the Army
and Navy to be entirely reckless and careless
about their savings. I believe the whole system
is vicious; if I had the power, I would not give
a dollar; but I say, taking an officer who has
arrived at the age of seventy years, and giving
him for life a pension of thirteen or fourteen hun-
dred dollars a year, even in the case of Commo-
dore Smith, is no great hardship. He has been
paid all his life-time the salary fixed by law, and
he should have laid up during his manhood
enough to carry him to his grave without suffer-
ing from poverty. If he has not, then the Gov-
ernment gives him not a very large pittance to be
sure, but not an unreasonable one, and I think he
ought to be satisfied with it. The difference be-
tween the proposition of the Senator and mine is
that he gives to each of these officers, without re-
gard to merit or grade, $400 a year more than the
proposition i submit. 1 think either of them is
high enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference between
our service and that of England, for instance,
where officers distinguish themselves is, that when
they become distinguished and get to a certain
age, they are promoted; andif they are quite dis-
tinguished, they have estatesgranted to them, are
made peers, and their oldest sons succeed to the
title, and they have enough to make them honor-
able and establish a family. With regard to us,
we give a little higher pay in the minor grades
than they do; but we have no rewards of any
kind. Our form of Government does not allow it.
We neither have titles, nor anything in the shape
of pensions unless they are wounded, and then
the pension allowed is not very large. Now, the
question to be considered by the Senate is, whether,
when a man has got to be seventy years of age,
and has been all lus life serving the Government,
receiving certainly not enough to enable him to
lay up much for his old age,and for those whom
he may have to support, $1,400 a year is enough
for the few remaining years of his life, in the con-
dition in which he is placed as a distinguished
officer, obliged to live as other people in a corre-
sponding position live, to a certain extent?
Now, with regard to us who are in the civil ser-
vice, we do not make a business of it, we are here
for a little time, we come away from our profes-
sions, but we give all the best part, of oqi lives to
our own private affairs. We have a chancc to
make money. Some of us do and some do not.
We come here for a few years and we go back
again to our professions, and we take the fortunes
of life; but officers of the Navy are upon a fixed
pay. Now, I am not in favor of paying them very
high or very extravagantly; but when such men
get to be old* after spending their lives, in the pub-
lic service, as many of these gentlemen in the Army
and Navy have, and we find it necessary to retire
them, they should not be left to live meanly and
in a way entirely disproportionate to their position
in life and to what they have been in the habit of
doing. If we retire them, I think we should give
them a decent suiji at least, and not say, by im-
plication, as my honorable friend does, " if you
have not saved enough money by habits of econ-
omy, you ought to suffer." Why, sir, a sailor is
proverbially, as a general rule, a careless man in
money matters. He does not have much oppor-
tunity to learn economy or to Team to make money.
I would not give a large sum, but it does really
strike me, knowing what the "expenses of living
are in our country in a decent style anywhere,
that to retire a man who has arrived at the high-
est honors of his profession as a sea officer, on the
sum of $1,400 a year, is entirely too niggardly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Twenty-six hundred dollars
a year to an admiral.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take a man like Com-
modore Smith.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ho would be appointed an
admiral, probably, under the law.
Mr.' FESSENDEN. Perhaps not; perhaps
there is no reason why he should be. He has got
very nearly to the end of his period of service. I
confess that since Commodore Smith has been
•named % I feel a little more interest in the matter
perhaps than I should otherwise, for he is about
the only officer of that grade with whom I have
personal acquaintance, and I have such an entire
respect for the integrity of the man, for his long
■devotion to the public service, for his great care
of the interests of the Government, for his per-
sonal character and everything about him which
attracts m y respect and my esteem, that when his
name is mentioned, I do take an interest on his ac-
count in a matter of this kind. I confess to it,
and I should be sorry if I could not even in my
public capacity recognize high merit and worth
wherever it may appear. Now, to take such a man
as that, who at the time when we pass this bill
making higher grades has got to a period of life
when perhaps he cannot reasonably expect to be
one that shall be so advanced, and who may be
left in the medium grade, and to be retired in a
short time, and to leave him as he is, and others
like him, at the paltry sum of fourteen or fifteen
hundred dollars a year to live upon and support
those of his family who may be dependent upon
him—and there are always some—I think it is a
very small business for a Government like ours.
That is all I have to say. I should feel inclined
to go for the higher sum, rather than the lower.
Mr. HALE. I know Commodore Smith,and
I have as high a regard for him as the Senator
from Maine has. When Commodore Smith was
in peril, when Commodore Smith had been ruth-
lessly stneken from his place by one of tiie most
disgraceful proceedings that ever disgraced the
annals of civilized Government, I manifested my
regard for him by denouncing the action of the
men who did if, and the law under which it was
done; and I exerted the humble powers that I
have to right him, to bring him back to the place
where he belonged, and from which he had been
degraded. I rejoice that I did it, not that I had
any particular feeling for him personally, but I
thought that in his person the first principles of
civil government had been outraged.
The honorable Senator is mistaken in his ref-
erence to the English service, and there is nothing
on the earth that I think there is a more general
misapprehension about than there is about the pay
of English officers. Do you know what the pay
is of a captain of the first class retired?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not speak about the
pay, but about the rewards for eminent services.
Mr. HALE. Those are poorer than the pay.
You will find here and there one very eminent and
distinguished man, like Lord Nelson, one in a
thousand or ten thousand, that gets promoted in
that way, but very seldom. The pay of a cap-
tain of the first class in the English navy, on the
letired list, is <£264 per annum, less than $1,500
per year considerably*—about twelve hundred dol-
lars a year. That is the pay of a retired captain
of the first class in the British navy. What is it
with these rear admirals that we are making;?
Four hundred and fifty-six pounds. That is the
highest for a rear admiral on the retired list.
Mr. FESSENDEN". How much does that
amount to ?
Mtf. HALE. About twenty-two hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does anybody doubt that
if we had had such a grade as rear admiral, Com-
modore Smith would have been a rear admiral
long ago? He has been recognized as one of the
first officers in the Navy. The difficulty is that
we have had no higher grade than that of captain.
Mr. GRIMES. What has the Senator from
New Hampshire been quoting from ?
Mr. HALE. The two hundred and twenty-
third page of the British Royal Navy List of 1859.
Mr. GRIMES. What does the Senator say
their pay is ?
Mr. HALE. The pay of a captain of the first
class on the retired list is <£264; of a rear admiral,
<£456. The pound is about four dollars and eighty-
six cents.
Mr. GRIMES. Five dollars.
Mr. HALE. I know that in common parlance
it is called five dollars; but I have inquired of com-
mercial and financial men, and they tell me the
present value of the English pound is from $4 84
to $4 86. All your officers are paid much higher
than those in the English navy, with the excep-
tion of the very high ones—the admirals. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I would not say a word on this
matter, if it were not that the Senate might be mis-
led by the reference of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to the Navy List of Great
Britain. The trouble is that a captain in the navy
of Great Britain does not correspond with a cap-
tain in the Navy under this Government; he is ten
grades below. There are three classes of admirals,
and each of these classes is subdivided into three
more, and then they have flag officers, and then
come captains. In our service, as it is now organ-
ized, a captain is the highest officer. We propose
to make two grades above that by this bill. Now,
take the corresponding grade of the person who
has been alluded to, an admiral, or a vice admiral,
or a rear admiral, or a flag officer—his retired pay
in the British service is fifty per cent, more than
we propose to allow by this bill. That of an ad-,
miral of the fleet is <=£1,148, about $5,500; an ad-
miral <£706, $3,500; a vice admiral <£593, nearly
$3,000, and so on.
Mr. HALE. How is it with rear admirals?
Mr. GRIMES. A retired rear admiral gets
£456, about $2,300; and what it is proposed to
give him here is $1,300! The analogy does not
holdout between a captain in the British service
and a captain in our service, because the rank of
captain in our service is the highest grade, and in
the Butish service it is the eleventh grade from
the" top.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not say a word
more, but for the very feeling appeal made by the
Senatorfrom Maine in behalf of a distinguished
officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not name him. He
was named, and therefore I took him as an illus-
tration. I do not suppose that he is better than
many others. I make no appeal for him. I only
take him as one of a class.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to illustrate the lib-
erality of our Government to-even Commodore
Smith. He is not retired by this bill or affected
by this bill. Commodore Smith holds the posi-
tion of head of one of the bureaus in the Navy
Department, and is receiving $3,500, and has for
years, and probably will until he dies or resigns.
All officers who receive a vote of thanks by name
will not be retired; they, as a matter of course,
wiil be kept at full pay until they at rive at not less
than seventy or from seventy to eighty years of
age. All who distinguish themselves so as to ex-
cite the attention of Congress will thus be kept at
full pay until they arrive at from seventy to eighty
ypars of age. Besides that, if any of them are of
full health and vigor, there are various employ-
ments open to them. They can serve the Gov-
ernment as the head of a bureau m the Navy De-
partment, or in the navy-yards, or in other em-
ployments on. shore. They are simply retired
from active service at sea, where an old man can-
not endure the hardships of the service. This
retired list only applies to those who have not dis-
tinguished themselves so much as to icceive the
