1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
ing. We assume these things. Legislation
would-be impracticable unless we did.
But, then, sir, with this report based upon the
assumption that the committee had formed 110
opinion upon these papers, which they must have
taken prima facie to be bona fide, the honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Harris,] when
this resolution of the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon was introduced referring the matter back to
the Committee on the Judiciary, got up and in his
blandest manner begged to be excused from hav-
ing it referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
because he said the Senate must know that he had
formed an opinion upon it, and must know what
his opinion was. How did they know? By the re-
port. There was not a member of the committee
who undertook to deny that that was the fact, and
the honorable Senator from New York assumed
that in the report which they had made he and the
whole committee had passed upon the entire mat-
ter. The shakes of a hundred head§ will not alter
the fact. That was substantially what the Senator
said,and no member contradicted it.
The honorable Senator from Oregon, I think,
is a little unduly sensitive in this matter. I do
not know butthat he rather put himself in a war-
like attitude against anybody and everybody that
should presume to exercise what 1 considered to
be the undoubted right and the unquestioned duty
of every member of the Senate under the Consti-
tution. I do not know anything about the truth
of these charges, and do not pretend to know any-
thing about it. I know that, accoiding to the best
of my ability, I have endeavored to treat the Sena-
tor from Oregon as courteously and as kindly as
I have any member of the Senate. I go upon the
papers. Now that the subject is up, I will refer
to a remark made by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] who tooksome interest
in this case when it was under consideration be-
fore—a remark which I confess filled me with
pain and astonishment. He said—I cannot quote
his words; I have only got the idea; and if I mis-
state him he will correct me—that he, and he sup-
posed the gentlemen who voted with him, went
upon the ground that it was not competent for the
Senate to proceed with any further inquiries into
the qualifications of a man sent here other than
those required by the Constitution, that lie should
be thirty years of age, nine years a citizen of the
United States, and an actual inhabitant of the
State at the time. He said that such a man con-
stitutionally elected or appointed was entitled to
take the oath, and that we had no right to raise
the question of his loyalty before he took the oath.
That is substantially what I understood the hon-
orableSenator from Illinois to say; and he claimed
that those who voted with him concurred in that.
I hope I do not misrepresent him. The Senator
docs not correct me, and I suppose he will not.
There was not a single Senator on the lloor who
questioned that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish, not merely for this
occasion, but for all others, to protest against any
man assigning a reason for my vote. Nobodyhas
any right to give the leasons for my votes—nei-
ther the Senator from New Hampshire nor any-
body else.
Mr. HALE. I have not undertaken to do it;
and if I could give as good reasons as the Senator
from Vermont, I never would put up with any-
body else assigning reasons for me. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I protest against a reason
being assigned for my vote by any other man.
Mr. HALE. I did not assign reasons for the
Senator's vote. I can talk plainly, if I cannot
give as good reasons as the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish only to say now
that I made no response to the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire, because I did not desire to interrupt
him, intending, when he was through with his
remarks, to make a reply to what he had stated,
and to correct what is a total misapprehension of
anything I said, thought, or intended. I will do
it when he is through.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir. I heard the Sen-
ator's remarks when he made them; I took pains
to go and get the Globe containing them, and kept
it on my desk till I thoiight this thing was dead
and buried, and never would be called up again,
for the purpose of quoting verbatim et literatim
what the Senator did say; but as I supposed this
was gone, I have not the paper here, and I quote
now from my recollection. Now, let me say a
word I was about to add for the benefit of the Sen-
ator from Vermont; but I have no doubt that if I
should undertake to make a suggestion for his ben-
efit, he would say as John Q,uincy Adams did to
a member from Virginia when he undertook to
say a word for his benefit, " non tali auxilio;" in
other words, " mind your own business, and let
me alone; I want none of your assistance."
[Laughter.] But I will say this, sir: I did not
undertake to speak for anybody else; but I am
certain that the honorable Senator from Illinois
did say that he supposed those who voted with
him entertained the same views that he did; and
I confess that, from my hearing and my reading of
the speech—I heard it attentively and read it care-
fully—I did understand the honorable Senator
from Illinois, in substance, to say that we had no
right to inquire into the question of loyalty or any-
thing else beyond the actual requirements of the
Constitution. It was that which filled me with
pain and astonishment, because it sounded to me
like proclaiming that the high characteristics of
loyalty was a matter of mere indifference; and I
thought, carrying out the sentiment suggested
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, St. Paul
would have been just as fit for Christian conver-
sion when he was traveling to Damascus with let-
ters to persecute the Christians, as he was after
the scales fell from his eyes, and miraculous light
illuminated him.
That was the ground that I understood the lion-
oiable Senator to take. I do not want to make
any professions of unwillingness to misrepresent
anybody; for 1 trust that if I am not above that
in point of morality I am in point of good sense,
because I do not stand up here before the Senate
certainly to represent a Senator as having said
something entirely different from what he did say.
I said to the honorable Senator from Illinois when
I began that 1 had not his phraseology before me
and I did not recollect it. But, pir, whether the
Senator said it or not, the Senate substantially so
decided that they would not inquire, that it was
not pertinent to inquire, and they admitted the
Senator from Oregon; and when they admitted
him, having gone this all over, having passed upon
it judicially, I consider the Senator from Oregon
just as exactly and fairly entitled to a seat on this
floor as myself or any member of the Senate. Of
course, this is not a courtof law and it cannot be
pleaded as an estoppel, for we have no such thing
here; but if this were a court of law and such an
inquiry as that had been instituted, and such a re-
sult as that had been come to, I say it would be
an estoppel; because if we do inquire into facts
judicially, no matter what the plea is, if you have
the parties before you, and on a proper plea you
inquire into the facts and come to judgment, that
judgment is conclusive. You may try the title to
real estate upon an action of trespass just as well
as upon a real action. So if the question of a Sen-
ator's loyalty is raised, and raised upon the issue
whether he shall be admitted or not, and the find-
ing of the tribunal is that he is loyal enough to
take the oath, loyal enough to take his seat, loyal
enough to sit heie in the Senate under the high
responsibilities of his position, to my mind noth-
ing can bo more absurd or unjust than for that
same tribunal to undertake to try him over again.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me to put to him a question? I
understood him to vote against the admission of
the Senator from Oregon, and I wish to know sim-
ply if he voted against his admission upon the
ground that he was satisfied that he was proved
to be disloyal. I desire to know if that was the
ground on which he voted against his admission.
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. HOWE. Then why does he not want
satisfaction ?
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. What on earth had he in his
head in asking such a question? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. A painful doubt what reason the
Senator from New Hampshire could assign for
excluding one half of the representatives of a State
from this flobr,when he did not know any objec-
tion to his taking his place, and did not want to
take any proof upon the question of his fitness.
I understand the Senator to say that he was not
satisfied that the Senator from Oregon was dis-
loyal. I understand him to say now that hi is
opposed to any investigation of that question; and
yet he voted against his admission, and I had a
painful doubt, and nothing that I am aware of
more than a painful doubt.
Mr. HALE. The Senator must have had the
headache, to put such a question. The case is
just as clear as day-light. Here is a question as
to the loyalty of a gentleman proposing to be ad-
mitted as a member of the Senate; here is a charge
supported by the testimony of numerous wit-
nesses; and while that charge is pending itis pro-
posed to let the Senator take his oath. I thought
differently. I thought the investigation should be
had before he took it, and upon that opinion I
moved to refer the matter back to the committee
to have them do what they told us they had not
done; and that was, pass upon the papers that we
sent to them to pass upon; and carrying out that
conviction, I voted against his admission because
the committee and the Senate had refused to in-
quire. But, sir, they took a vote; they took a vote
upon a matter on which it was competent for them
to vote. I do not want to arraign a single mem-
ber, nor a single reason of any member, for the
vote he gave. It is enough for me that this high
tribunal, the Senate of the United States, by a
deliberate vote, declared that Mr. Stark was en-
titled to take his seat and become a Senator, and he
is now a Senator, just exactly as much as any of
us. They voted that they would not consider the
charges. I will illustrate this by a matter which
took place before the Senate of Rome, perhaps,
when there was an officer nominated to the Senate
of Rome for a commission in the regular army,
to be a lieutenant colonel, and there was an im-
peachment of his loyalty. The Roman Senate
considered the question as to the impeachment of
that man's loyalty, who was proposed as a lieu-
tenantcolonelin the Roman army, and they voted
that it was not sufficient, and they confirmed him.
Subsequently one of the emperors proposed that
lieutenant colonel to be a brigadier general of vol-
unteers, and one of the Roman Senators got up in
his place and said, " Inasmuch as we have con-
sidered this question once, considered the case of
this officer and the charge of disloyalty brought
against him and absolved him of it, it is not just
to renew that old quarrel; we have forgiven him;
we have placed him in the army, and we will not
keep him now under suspicion; and when the su-
premepowerhas nominated him for a higher office,
we will not go back of that matter which was set-
tled; we will confirm him;" and I am told they
did, though I never looked at the records of the
Senate in that matter. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest the difFer-
ence between the cases 
Mr. HALE. Yes, one was in Rome, and the
other here; that is the difference.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask the gen-
tleman if, in making his historical statement, he
refers to a lieutenant colonel of artillery or cavalry
in the Roman army? [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. 1 do not remember, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest this difference:
ill that case, the Senate did pass upon the ques-
tion of loyalty; and in this case, I understand the
Senator to admit that neither the Senate nor he
himself has passed upon that question.
Mr. HALE. No; I do not admit any such
thing. I say the Senate did pass upon it by ad-
mitting him to his seat.
Mr. HOWE. It was the very question I put
to the Senator, whether he voted against his ad-
mission on the ground that he was proved to be
disloyal; and he said he did not.
Mr. HALE. Of course I did not, because the
tribunal that, in my judgment, ought to have in-
quired into it, would not inquire; and the body
that ough t to have controlled the committee, would
not control them; and therefore 1 voted against
the admission. But I will not take up time about
this subject. 1 shall vote against any further
action upon it,
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I have no
intention of renewing any discussion upon this
question. I simply want to correct a very gross
error and misapprehension into which the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire has fallen. As far as
I am concerned, I am willing to leave my record
upon my vote when I shall have given it. I in-
tend to vote for the resolution; and I intend to do
so without any reference whatever to the wishes
