- <4
S182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
thanks of Congress, who are not fit for duty at a
navy-yard, who are not of sufficient importance
to.be put at the head of a bureau, old officers who
are simply retired from inability to do duty. It
seems to me that the rate of pay fixed by the sec-
tion already in the bill is enough. If you adopt
now the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa you will have two sections in the bill en-
tirely inconsistent with each other. If the House*
of Representatives make a point on this, if they
ace'not satisfied with it, they can make an amend-
ment, and then will be the time to present this
question, not now. It seems to me, therefore, it
is rather absurd for us to adopt two sections in
the bill inconsistent with cach other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
ia on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment wus rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the third line of sec-
lion four to strike out the words " and two emi-
nent civilians;" so that the clause will read:
That the Secretary of the Navy shall appoint.™ advisory
board of three officers, senior to chose to bu jeported upon,
who shall carefully scrutinize, &c.
It now provides that he shall appoint throe offi-
cers and two eminent civilians " who shall care-
fully scrutinize the active list of line officers," and
who shall certify as to the moral, mental, phys-
ical, and professional qualifications of every offi-
cer to perform efficiently all his duties. I do not
think that any civilians whom we shall probably
get, would be very likely to know much about the
professional qualifications of anybody to perform
sea duty.
Mr. HALE. That subject was very carefully
considered in the committee, and I think the pro-
vision will commend itself to the judgment of
everybody who reflects on it. Those who remem-
ber the debates and discussions which took place
upon the action of the retiring board that was es-
tablished some eight or nine years ago, I think
will recognize the necessity of having somebody
else besides Navy officers to advise them in this
most important proceeding. You see that it is in
the power of this l>oard to block the way of pro-
motion to every officer of the Navy. Questions
of reputation, worth to an officer more than his
life, will come before the consideration of this
board. Thecommittee thought, and I think wisely,
and hope the Senate will so decide, that it was im-
portant to have one or two gentlemen upon the
board to advise the naval officers in regard to.what
wus the character of the evidence upon which they
might act—gentlemen that were not connected
with any clique in the Navy. The difficulty in this
Navy of yours, sir, has been for tile last twenty-
live years that it has been governed by a clique,
a sort of mutual admiration society, who made it
their special business to pulTone another up quite
as much as they had to fight an enemy. You never
can meet one of them without hearing a great eulo-
gium on some other of the mutual admiration so-
ciety of the Navy. It was these gentlemen who
procured a retiring board that went on and found
everybody on the list of the Navy incompetent
to discharge his duties until they gotdown to the
headofiicer of the board, and they found him emi-
nently fit. It is a matter within my knowledge
that men were dropped by that naval board 011 evi-
dence something like this: letters were written to
members of that board saying that the writers
knew such a man to be a sneak or unfit for asso-
ciation with gentlemen; and upon evidence thus
written behind their backs, vague and indefinite,
men's rights of reputation were sacrificed, and
they were turned out. of the Navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
from New Hampshire will suspend, the Chair will
suggest that, sincethisamendment was moved'by
the Senator from Iowa, the attention of the Chair
lias been called to the fact that the amendment
proposes a modification of what has already been
agreed to as an amendment. The words which he
proposes to strike out were reported as an amend-
ment to the bill by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, agreed to as an amendment in the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and concurred in by the Senate.
It is not now open to further modification. So the
amendment proposed is not in order.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 now move, in the Senate, the
amendment which I before moved in committee;
but there was so thin a Senate then that I did not
ask for a division upon it.
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all of section nine, after the word " that," and
in lieu thereof inserts
The President of the United States, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, may restore to the grade on
the active list from which he was retired, any officer of the
line who has been thus retired on account of age or length
of service, and not for any personal or professional inability
or delinquency, to the active list; and such officer shall
not be ogtffn retired until he has been lifty-five years in the
naval service of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I will state the objection I have
to that, and I think the Senate will sustain it. I
think it is well that personal rights and official
rights, wherever it is possible, should be meas-
ured by law and shotild not be left in the arbitrary
discretion of anybody. If the law that you have
passed retiring these gentlemen is an unwise one
—and I am not prepared to say that it is not—re-
peal it; but while you have a general law upon
your statute-book that retires men of a certain
class, I would not give to the whim or caprice of
anybody the right of saying to this man, " you
may be exempt from the operation of this law,"
and to that, " you shall not be." My objection
to this amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut is, that it places this arbitrary power in the
haYids of the President.
Mr. POSTER. It is very certain, Mr. Presi-
dent, that in respect to every general law, how-
ever wise it may be, there will be eases where it
will operate rigorously and unjustly, and where
the law-making power would desire to relax its
operation. This amendment provides for such a
case. The general law retires men after a certain
period. The Senator from New Hampshire and
everybody else will agree that in many cases un-
der the operation of that general law, men may be
retired whom it would be very desirable to retain.
Shall we, for the sake of consistency, to carry out
rigorously a given principle, abide by it instead
of modifying it when there is occasion?
The Senator speaks of the arbitrary whim or
caprice of some one to interfere with the law.
Why, sir, the amendment provides that the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, may save a man from the operation of this
law. Well, sir, we have all the wisdom, or all the
whimand caprice, if the gentleman pleases,in that,
which we have in making the law; and if we are
wise enough to make a general law, are we not
wise enough under the circumstances to modify
its operation when, as we agree, it may work in-
justice ? That is all there is about it.
Mr. HALE. I want to remind the Senator that
the President now has the power ofgivingservice,
and honorable service, to every one of these re-
tired officers. He may appoint them to the navy-
yards; he may appoint them to bureaus; he may
appoint captains and commanders 011 the retired
list to command navy-yards; and when they per-
form distinguished service, the President will not
be slow to appreciate them, and give them these
rewards. There were Commodore Paulding and
Commodore Pendergrast; for theirgallantexploit
in burning the Norfolk navy-yard they were as-
signed to the command of the Philadelphia and
New York navy-yards! It shows that this power
is wisely lodged and will be discreetly exercised,
and I hope there will be no further latitude given.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the President has this
power now; I think he can restore anybody to
active service; at any rate he is exercising it.
Unless 1 have been misinformed, persons have
been sent to the Senate for confirmation, at some
period of the history of the country, and .put into
other grades, those of commanders and lieuten-
ants; and if they can be thus confirmed in those
grades, they can in the grade of captains. If he
can take a man who is entirely out of service,
surely he can take a man from the retired list and
put him in. I am content to say that he shall have
the power to do it. I am willing to say that the
President shall have the power to restore a man,
with my approbation and the approbation of my
peers here on this floor, to the grade whence he
was taken, and that I understand to be the prop-
osition.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. CuLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjefurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The scat, July 8, 1862.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Byron Sun-
derland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 187, to au-
thorize an additional issueofUnited States Treas-
ury notes, and for other purposes.
Mr. Speaker, 1 will make a few words of ex-
planation, and the House can then dispose of the
matter at once. The Senate cut down the number
of small notes from $50,000,000 to $25,000,000.
The committee of conference agreed to a compro-
mise by fixing the number at $35,000,000.
The Senate made a modification of the bill in
allowing the Treasury notes to be paid in gold
rather than in bonds, if the Government chose to
do it. This is a great privilege which we thought
ought to be allowed on the part of the House.
In the next place, of the $150,000,000, the Senate
required $75,000,000, just one half of it, to be kept
in the vaults of the Government, to meet deposits
under some regulation we had allowed by act of
Congress. They required that $75,000,000 should
be kept on hand, whereas the bonds never amount-
ed to more than $50,000,000. They required when
we borrowed $50,000,000, that we should deposit
$75,000,000, thus paying interest twice. The
committee of conference have reduced it from
$75,000,000 to $50,000,800. The last section was
deemed unnecessary, as it had been provided for
in a former bill, and is therefore recommended to
be stricken out. I demand the previous.question
on the adoption of the report of the committee of
conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to leconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise for the purpose
of submitting any report from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing vote between the
two Houses on the naval appropriation bill, but
for the purpose of asking the unanimous consent
of the House to put right wherein the Journals
are now wrong. I want the action of the House
to appear as it is intended it should be, and not as
it really is by some inadvertence on the part of
the House itself.
It will be recollected that this House made an
appropriation of $14,000 to buy twenty-seven acres
of an island—Seavey's Island—to be attached to
the Portsmouth -navy-yard for the purpose of
giving us command of the channel. When it went
to the Senate, they struck out the twenty-seven
acres and inserted a provision for the purchase
of the whole island, amounting to a hundred and
odd acres, and increasing the appropriation from
$14,000 to $65,000. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommended a concurrence in the
whole arrangement,treating itas one amendment
of the Senate. The House concurred in the rec-
ommendation of the committee, so as to strike
out the twenty-seven acres, and on the next day
when there came to be a discussion of the whole
matter, they non-concurred in the purchase of the
hundred acres. It seems the Senate treated the
matter as embracing two amendments, whereas
we treated it as but one amendment. It will be
very plainly seen how the matter now stands.
We agreed to striking out the provision for the
purchase of twenty-seven acres, and we non-con-
curred on the proposition to insert a provision for
the purchase of a hundred and odd acres. When
the committee of conference came to act on it,
they agreed that the bill of the House should stand,
but on looking at it they found that the action of
the House in striking out twenty-seven acres and
refusing to insert a hundred acres, there is nothing
left for the appropriation to apply to. In order
to make the Journal intelligible when it comes to
be printed, it will be necessary to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to strike out the
