240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
committee to take such subjects into considera-
tion, that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROAWOREGON.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to take up the creden-
tials, with the accompanying papers, relating to
the claim of Mr. Stark to a seat in this body as a
Senator from the State of Oregon.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. We have bat twenty
minutes left of the morning hour, and I have been
waiting patiently for forty minutes to have some
business which should be presented in the morn-
ing hour laid before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the morn-
ing hour, but in the opinion of the Chair it is a
motion of privilege which the Senator has a right
to make at any time.
. Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will not take
it up for twenty minutes at any rate.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit the motion, and if
the Senate prefer not to take it up now or even at
one o'clock, of course I shall not object.
The motion was not agreed to.
CLAIM 01? SWIFT AND FORD.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the papers relating to the claim ofSwilt&
Ford, for hoises famished m 1<346~47 to the command under
Captain John C. Fremont in California, and which weie
presented to the examiners appointed under the provisions
of the sixth section of the act appiovcd August 31,1832,
a making appropriations for tho support of the Airoy tor the
year ending the 30th June, 1853,"
CONSULS AND COMMERCIAL AGENTS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, Tiiat the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to tho Senate the number, name?, and residem:<>sj
of all consuls and commercial ajjents appointed under the
act of August 2,1861, entitled "An act to increase the con-
sular rcpiesentauon of the United States during the piesent
insuircetion," and to what places appointed. A ho, that lie
furnish to the Senate a statement showui? what increase
has been made to the compensation of consuls in foreign
ports, to what consuls, and at what pons.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the reso-
lution, but I wish it to lie over until to-morrow
morning, as I tlunk I shall want to propose an
amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution,in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 193) in relation to the letters of
sailors and marines in the service of the United
States.
A jointresolution (No. 29) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to transfer certain balances
of an appropriation for printing of the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to the sum
appropriated for tiie first session of theThiity-
Sixth Congress.
ENROLLED RILL SIGNED.
The message further announced thattheSpeaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) author-
izing Henry Sawyer to accept a medal; which
thereupon leceived the signatuiu of the Vice Pres-
ident. % „
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 2d instant, com-
municating the report of the sanitary commission
on the health of the Army, and the report of the
Surgeon General on the same subject; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
SPECIAL ORDERS. !
Mr. HALE. I wish to give notice that to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall move
to change a rule of the Senate, to prevent what I
think is an enormous abuse, and that is, the in- i
terposing of special orders, by which the business
of the Senate is hindered and obstructed, and I
send to the Chair an amendment which I shall
propose to the 31st rule, which I desire to have
read.
The Secretary read the following resolution:
Resolved, That the 31st lule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following clause :
Provided, That no bill, joint resolution, or other subject,
be made a special order for a particular day and hour with-
out the concurrence oi two thirds of the Senators present.
The resolution lies over, under the rule.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That Marshall 0. Roberts have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Albert Greenleaf, on the
files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS 0? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON,from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 122) providing for the organization
of the staff attached to divisions of the Army of
the United States, regular and volunteer, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 141)
to provide for the organization of the signal de-
partment of the United States Army; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an in-
crease of the clerical force in the offices of the
Adjutant General and of the Paymaster General,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the special
committee on compensation and expenditures to
report a hill relating to Congress, which I ask to
have read the first and second times, and I shall
then submit a motion in regard to it.
The bill (S. No. 142) relating to Congress was
read a first time by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read a second
time, and printed.
The YICE PRESIDENT. It is not usual to
read an original bill reported by a committee more
than once on the same day it is reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All bills reported
by a committee arc printed without a motion.
Mr.SHERMAN. Woulditbein order to move
that it be made a special order?
The YICE PRESIDENT. It will be. For
what time ?
Mr.SHERMAN. Tuesday nextatoneo'clock.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The bill must first
be read a second time. The Senator asks the
unanimous consent of the Senate to give this bill
a second reading at the present time. The Chair
hears no objection.
Tiie bill was read a second time by its title.
The YICE PRESIDENT. This bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Senator from Ohio moves to postpone it until
Tuesday next, and that it be made the special
order for that day at one'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee to report a bill regulating the pay
of officers of the Army, and I ask that the same
course may be pursued in regard to that bill.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 143)
regulating the pay of officers of the Army was
read twice by its title, and its further considera-
tion postponed to, and made the special order of
the day for, Tuesday next at one o'clock.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 144) to punish frauds on the Treasury of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 145) to
amend " An act to establish a court for the inves-
tigation of claims against the United States,"ap-
proved February 24, J855; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CLARK. I dosire to say, Mr. President,
that I did not draw the bill; it was drawn by the
solicitor of the court. I do not know or under- !
stand all its provisions, and do not wish to be com-
mitted to them. I introduce it for the purpose of
reference. The bill naturally would go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,butas the Senate referred
to the Committee on Claims that part of the Pres-
ident's message relating to the Court of Claims,
I ask the same reference for this bill, if there be
no objection.
It was so referred.
TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR DUTIES.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 26) explanatory of an act entitled
u An act to increase the duties on tea, coffee, and
sugar," approved the 24th ofDecember, 1861; the
question being on its passage.
Mr. SIMMONS. Before the question is taken
I wish merely to explain the reason I had for
asking yesterday that the joint resolution should
lie over until to-day. I perceive by the letter of
the Secretary that he construes the words " im-
ported after the passage of this act" to apply to
merchandise imported before its passage, but
bonded in warehouse. Now, I formy life cannot
see that an article is not imported as much if it is
entered for warehouse as if it is entered for con-
sumption, provided it arrived in the country and
was landed before the act passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Rhode Island that he has put some
words into the act that are not there; the language
of the act is not " imported after the passage of
this act."
Mr. SIMMONS. I know it is not. I read it
this morning. It says that " from and after the
passage of this act, in lieu of the duties now im-
posed by law, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid upon the following merchandise imported
into the United States from foreign countries,"
&c. It is for us to decide whether the goods were
imported or not when they were placed in ware-
house. That is the only question. I contend
that goods are imported as absolutely if they are
placed in warehouse as if they are entered for .con-
sumption immediately; and I have never known
the contrary in my life. I have known a Secre-
tary of the Treasury to decide that when goods
were put on shipboard in foreign countries they
were imported the instant they passed under the
flag of the Union. That I have known, and I
think it was a very improper decision; but I be-
lieve this is the only case where it was ever de-
cided that goods were not imported because they
were put into warehouse. The goods now in
question were imported three months before the
passage of this bill, and the Secretary has decided
that they were not imported until the duties were
paid! 1 think it is a very singular decision; but
I believe the best way to "get over it is to pass the
joint resolution; therefore I will make no objec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state with refer-
ence to that matter, that I have myself very con-
siderable doubt whether the construction placed
upon the bill by the Secretary of the Treasury is
the correct one. He, nevertheless, has so ruled,
and he will adhere to his decision; and the same
doubts exist through the country, duties have
already been paid under protest, and unless we
pass this resolution, we must meet a very consid-
erable number of lawsuits; and that is an addi-
tional reason for passing it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Coliamer,
Cowan, Dixon, DoolutJe, Fessenden, Foster, llowe,King,
Morrill, Pearce, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Tiumbull, and Wil-
son—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Carlile, Chandler, Davis,Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, J oljnson of Tennessee, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Latham, Nesmith, Saulsbuiy, Wade,an<fWiIk-
ins>on—15.
So the joint resolution was passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill and joint resolution received from the
House of Representatives were read twice by
their titles, and referred as follows:
A bill (No. 193) in relation to the letters of
sailors and marines in the service of the United
States—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A jointresolution (No. 29) authorizing the Sec-
