1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Senator from Oregon, or the wishes of any-
other Senator, except my own. I certainly can-
not be deterred from voting for an investigation,
because the person in regard to whom the investi-
gation is to be made may not chance to want or
desire that any investigation should be had, fori
understand the Senator from Michigan to place
his action upon that ground. J should have no
reference whatever to the wishes of the Senator
from Oregon, but will vote for this investigation,
because there is some reasonable ground to believe
that it ought to take place.
The Senator from New Hampshire says, how-
ever, that no farther examination ought to be had,
because the evidence, which was not sufficient to
prevent the Senate from voting the Senator in,
ought not to be sufficient to justify them in voting
him out. I desire to say in reply to that, that in
my humble judgment this Senate has no more to
do with voting the Senator from Oregon in than
the City Council of the city of Washington has to
do with it. The State Legislatures vote Senators
in, and we can vote them out if we choose; but
to vote them out we must have a two-thirds vote,
and we cannot do it by a simple majority vote;
and there is the whole question. The Senator
from New Hampshire insisted upon turning the
Senator out by a majority vote in direct violation
of the Constitution; whereas I insisted that to turn
him out, the Constitution required a two-thirds
vote, and I in common with him had sworn to
observe and support that Constitution. There is
the whole question, sir. What I said in the dis-
cussion of the question was this: that State Le-
gislatures, and not this Senate, elected Senators;
that when they elected a man who was thirty
years of age, a citizen of the United States for
nine years, and an inhabitant of the State for
which he was elected, he was a Senator in ad-
vance of taking the oath—we did not make him
so; the Legislature made him so—and that we
could get rid of him only by expulsion with the
sanction of a two-thirds vote. That is what I
said on that subject.
What I said on another branch of the same sub-
ject was this: that when a Legislature attempted
to elect a man a Senator, and he was not thirty
years of age; or, being thirty years of age, was
not a citizen of the United States; or, being thirty
years of age, and a citizen of the United States
for nine years, was not an inhabitant of the State
for which he was elected, that election was void,
he was no Senator, and we could prevent him
coming upon the floor and taking his seat by a ma-
jority vote. That it> what I said. It seems to me
that that is easy enough of apprehension and com-
prehension. I do not suppose the Senator from
New Hampshire designedly would misrepresent
any person 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator give way a
minute ?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. That is exactly what I under-
stood you to say, and exactly what I represented
you as saying.
Mr. BROWNING. Then I misunderstood
you. I do not suppose the Senator would design-
edly or willfully misrepresent anybody, but I do
think he very often permits his zeal to outrun his
knowledge. He represented me as stating this,
and speaking not only for myself, but for all the
Senators who had voted with me: that in advance
of a Senator coming upon the floor and taking
the oath, I had contended that the Senate had no
right or power to investigate his loyalty or dis-
loyalty at all. That is what J understood him to
say.
IVlr. HALE. Provided he had the constitu-
tional qualifications?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I did.
Mr. BROWNING. The Senator totally mis-
understood me, for I took pains to say in most
explicit terms, during the discussion, that if he
possessed all the qualifications required by the
Constitution, and had been legally elected by his
State Legislature, still I conceded the power of
this Senate, in advance of the administration of
the oath to him, to institute an investigation in
regard to his loyalty, or any other matter which
would justify us in expelling him from the body;
but to enable us to attain that end, we would have
upon the vote to geta two-thirds vote, or he would
not be expelled. I said further, what I now re-
peat, that if I had been reasonably satisfied of the
disloyalty of the Senator from Oregon—a ques-
tion that I have not investigated or considered at
all, because it has not yet been proper for me to
do so; it has not been before us—while I conceded
the power of the Senate to investigate before he
was admitted upon the floor, I should still vote
against that investigation and for his admission,
because it would be an outrage upon individual
right, and an unheard of oppression, to try a Sen-
ator upon a charge of treason and deny to him the
opportunity of defense; and that, as whether we
investigated it before or after the administration
of the oath, we could only expel him by a two-
thirds vote, the most ordinary considerations of
justice required of us that we should admit him
upon the floor and hear his defense before we con-
demned or acquitted him. That is what I said,
and I repeat it, and I am proud that I said it, and
rejoice that a record has been made of what I did
say. If the yeas and nays had not been demanded
upon this question,1 certainly should myselfhave
called for them, for I am anxious to see the record
made. There are those who say there was evi-
dence enough against a man to justify us in a vio-
lation of the Constitution and in expelling him by
a majority vote. I want to see them put it upon
record that while that is their opinion, they are
still unwilling that a fair investigation shall be had
when the accused party will be admitted to his
defense. I do not pretend to say whether the Sen-
ator is loyal or disloyal. I have not considered
the question, and I will not consider it until it
comes before us; but when it does come before us
I will consider it as carefully and investigate it as
thoroughly as any other man, and vote as firmly
and as unhesitatingly for the expulsion of the Sen-
ator, if I shall believe him disloyal, as any other
Senator here; and I will as fearlessly vote to re-
tain him in his position if, after hearing the accu-
sation and the defense, I shall be satisfied of his
loyalty to the Government and the Constitution.
I am sorry, Mr. President, that I have been
betrayed into occupying so much of the time of
the Senate. I had no intention of entering upon
the discussion. In conclusion, I simply desire to
ask the Senator fromNew Hampshire whether the
Roman senators to whom he referred had, or not,
in his opinion, taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States ? 1 did not hear any
expression of opinion fiom him on that subject.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Before I answer that, let me ask
the Senator a question. I want to ask him if he
means what he said, that those Senators who had
voted as I voted, not to admit the Senator from
Oregon, voted contrary to the Constitution and in
violation of the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BROWNING. No,sir; theSenatorgrossly
misunderstood me if he understood me to say that.
I said we had nothing to do with his admission.
Mr. HALE. The Senator wanted the yeasand
nays taken, that he might see whether those who
voted to exclude him contrary to the Constitution
were now ready to retuse a fair investigation.
Mr. BROWNING. Those who voted to ex-
elude him contrary to the Constitution—the ques-
tion of exclusion, not of admission.
Mr. HALE. I did not call the Senator to order
when he made those remarks, because I did not
feel very sensitive on the subject; but it seems to
me it is hardly the thing, on this floor in public
debate, to charge those who voted differently from
the speaker, with voting in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. BROWNING. I understood myself sim-
ply as expressing my own opinion that the Con-
stitution of the United States required a two thirds
vote to expel a man, and that a vote expelling him
by a majority vote would be in violation of the
Constitution, in my opinion. That is all I said.
I do not undertake to determine whether gentle-
men violated it or not.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator thinks that is all
; he said, he will find himself m the situation he
; says I was in—that his zeal outran his knowledge,
' and he does not lemembcr what he did say.
| Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too. I certainly
j understood the Senator from Illinois as charging
• those who voted against the admission of the Sen-
j ator from Otegon as having voted in direct viola-
i tion of the Constitution.
I Mr. BROWNING. Of my view of the Con-
• stitution.
Mr.HOWARD. Thatlsapretty serious charge,
Mr. President. I have something to say to" the
Senator on that subject at the proper time on the
very point which he has made: that the moment
a man is elected by a State Legislature as a Sen-
ator of the United States, he is ipso.facto and in all
respects a Senator, and that he cannot be dealt
with by this body; he cannot be expelled, or his
seat cannot be refused him by this body except
upon a two thirds vote. That constitutional prin-
ciple I totally deny, and I shall be happy to debate
it with the gentleman from Illinois on gome future
occasion, when it will be more convenient for us
both, perhaps. I deny it.
Mr. BRO WNING. It is proper that I should
say I certainly intended no discourtesy to any
Senator here, but understood myself only as ex-
pressing my individual opinion that a vote to expel
a man by a majority vote was, in my opinion, in
direct conflict with the constitutional provision. I
still think so. I do not think that discourteous.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business, and I shall make that mo-
tion now, unless Senators desire to take a vote.
Mr. BROWNING. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. A
special order was made for one o'clock to-day on
motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] upon which I was entitled to the floor. The
Senator from Massachusetts, therefore, has no
right to take the floor to make a motion to go into
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now pend-
ing before the Senate a question which is not only
a question of privilege, but also a privileged ques-
tion. That overrides the special assignment after
the expiration of the morning hour. After the
Senate shall vote on this question, the special or-
der will be before the Senate, and upon that the
Senator from New Hampshire will be entitled to
the floor. The question is on agreeing to the res-
olution submitted by the Senator from Oregon,
and on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. TPJUMBULL. If the vote is about to be
taken on that resolution,I have a word or two to
say upon it, for I do not wish a wrong impres-
sion to go out to the country m regard to this ques-
tion. There seems to be a great deal of sensitive-
ness, I discover, about it; a great deal of feeling.
The Senator from Wisconsin is uneasy, and my
colleague speaks with some warmth. I have no
feeling aboutit other than to be placed in a proper
position before the country. What was the ques-
tion that we decidcd? It was simply this: whether
you will investigate disloyalty at the threshold, or
whether you will receive it among you and inves-
tigate it afterwards. That is all that was decided.
The Senator from Wisconsin talks about the
purity of the body. He voted to admit a man here
charged with impurity. He voted that he would
not investigate it, and then he talks of purity of
the body ! He voted upon the yeas and nays that
he would not inquire into charges of disloyalty
sworn to by fifty witnesses. It was said that they
were cx parte. 1 have never argued this case upon
the testimony; but, sir, a witness was before the
Judiciary Committee; he was examined; he was
cross-examined, and the testimony was before the
Senator; and he told you who the witnesses were.
He knew two thirds of them in Oregon, and he
says they are respectable men and men of vera-
city. The Senator from Wisconsin does not know
whether they are fictitious names or not! For
one—I speak for myself and myselfonly—I voted
against tnc admission of the Senator from Oregon
to his seat here upon this ground and this ground
alone: that he was charged by sworn affidavits
and by one witness, examined m his presence and
cross-examined by him, with disloyalty ;and I be-
lieved it to be the duty of the Senate to pass upon
that question of loyalty before he was admitted to
a seat here. Others thought he had a right to be
admitted, and they voted that they would not in-
vestigate these chargcs. That was the vote and
theie is no escape from it. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr, Sumner] offered an amend-
ment to the resolution reported by the committee
that the Senator from Oregon should not be ad-
mitted here when he was charged with these acts
of disloyalty until their truth was investigated.
The Senator from Wisconsin voted thathesnould
