1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2228
voice in the convention uttered against that clause
as it was adopted,and as it now exists in the Con-
stitution.
But, Mr. President, times have changed. The
lasv of 1793 was passed, as I have said, to enforce
the clause of the Constitution. Many slaves es-
caped from Kentucky, from Maryland, from Vir-
ginia, from all tlie border slave States into the free
States. They were pursued by their owners, and
in many instances their owners got possession of
them, and proceeded to take charge of them to re-
turn them to their homes, and what was done?
Mobs of abolitionists, defiersof the law, men reck-
less of this constitutional provision,setting them-
selves up in resistance to the execution of the law,
would gather together, and, with arms in their
hands, would forcibly seize upon the owners of
slaves and the marshals of the United States, who
were sometimes brought to the aid of the owners
of slaves who were thus taking them back, and
rescue those slaves from the custody of the law of
Congress; that law passed under General Wash-
ington's administration, and declared to be consti-
tutional again and again by all the judges of the
Supreme Court, and by all the judges of the dis-
trict courts, also, I believe, with one solitary ex-
ception, and that exception, if I recollect aright,
was in Minnesota.
Mr. HOWARD. Wisconsin.
Mr. DAVIS. I should have said Wisconsin.
Minnesota is never going to rear herself in rebel-
lion against this Government, or in resistance to
its constitutional laws. Some of the States passed
what were called personal liberty bills, and the
object of many of them was to nullify the fugitive
slave law. Among the States that passed such a
bill, to defy and to trample upon the fugitive slave
law, was the State of Massachusetts. I think I
heard of a case that once occurred in that State
where a fugitive slave from Virginia, by the name
of Burns, was apprehended. One of the Senators
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, is the champion of the
execution of the laws of Congress. I honor the
championship, whether I honor the champion or
not. There is no more honorable championship.
I recollect that the case of Bums happened when
Mr. Fillmore was President of the United States.
He had been an anti-slavery man befoic he was
elected. I knew him well. I had had the priv-
ilege and the high pleasure of serving with him
in Congress, and I knew his anti-slavery senti-
ments; but when he was elevated to the Presi-
dency, he took his position upon high, command-
ing, noble, and patriotic ground. He then went
for the enforcement of the Constitution and the
laws against his own preconceived opinions and
prejudices, and against the opinions and preju-
dices of his neighbors and friends. Under his
auspices, demand was made for Burns in the city
of Boston, according to the terms and the forms
prescribed by the law of Congress. Which side
of this contest did the Senators from Massachu-
setts then take? There was a war threatened.
There was an insurrection. There was an armed
rebellion. A lawless mob of about ten thousand
people assembled, with arms in their hands, to
resist, and to defy, and to trample upon the Con-
stitution of the United States and the law of Con-
gress, and to defeat the marshal, the officer of the
United States who was there present to execute
the law. What did the President do? He de-
termined that the law should be executed, and it
would have been executed although it had laid
Boston in ashes; and it ought to have been exe-
cuted though it had wrapped that noble city in
general conflagration. It was a constitutional law
of the United States, so decided by the courts,
so decided by your great jurist, Story, in 1842,
in the case of Prigg vs. The State of Pennsylva-
nia, and it would have been a less wrong and a
less evil to the Government and to the American
people that Boston should have been wrapped in
flames and should have been left in smoldering
rums, in the successful effort to execute that law,
than that the law should have been defiantly de-
feated by an armed mob. J have understood that
the Senators from Massachusetts sympathized
with the mob and its resistance of this law. I
never knew that this hero of the present war, and
of the execution of all the laws ofCongrcss, [point-
in0- to Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts,] impelled
by a sense of patriotic duty and by his martial
ardor, had appeared, with sword and shield, to
back the marshal of the United States in the exe-
cution of that law. I never heard that he did or
that either of them did perform or attempt to per-
form that high, patriotic duty.
Mr. SUMNER. I was in my seat here.
Mr. DAVIS. Did you not give your sympathy
to those who resisted the law ?
Mr. SUMNER. My sympathy is always with
every slave.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a frank acknowledgment.
His sympathy is with every slave, against the
Constitution and the execution of the laws of his
country 1 If that is not a sentiment of treason, I
ask what is? I suppose the other gentleman's
sympathy was in the same line. Here let me ask
the Senator who rebuked me so sternly the other
day for my avowal that I would resist an uncon-
stitutional law, if the fugitive slave law under
which Burns was arrested was not a law in con-
formity to this provision of the Constitution? Had
not Justice Story and every judge of the United
States again ana again so decided? Did not Mr.
Fillmore, the President of the United States, rec-
ognize it to be constitutional? Was he notswoui
to see thai the laws were faithfully executed,and
was it not his duty to go there backed by a force
andapower suflicientto execute that law, and did
he not faithfully perform that duty ? I ask the Sen-
ators if ten thousand men or something like that
number—an armed, rebellious mob, seeking to
defy the Constitution and tj>e laws of the United
States and the authority of the Government—were
not then arrayed in the city of Boston, and I ask
them if that was not an insurrection ?
The Supreme Court have decided that to enlist
men for rebellion is not an act of war, but they
have also decided that if men assemble in a body
with a view to resist the Government or the ex-
ecution of its laws, whether they have arms in
their hinds or not, that is an act of war. When
this Boston mob assembled to the number of ten
thousand, with arms in their hands, and called in
their allies and sympathizers from the neighbor-
ing towns to increase and swell their hosts and to
make them more formidable to the officers of the
law, President Fillmore called upon Boston fur
volunteers, and the noble Union men of that city
sent two or three companies or more to aid in the
execution of the law, and he sent for soldiers and
marines to support the marshal, the civil officer
of the United States, in the execution of that law,
and this armed body of men were there assembled,
organized, armed, and arrayed to resist the en-
forcement of this law; I ask if it was not an act
of war. The gentleman that was here in his scat
could not have been indicted, because he was not
present, unless he had sent some aid from here to
the insurgents. The gentleman knows whether
lie sent any aid or not. If he did send any aid—
I do not care in what form the aid was sent—it
constituted him a party criminal, it made him a
rebel, he became an insurgent against the Gov-
ernment, and he thereby subjected himself to In-
dictment for treason, and upon proof of the facts
lie could have been convicted, and he ought to
have been convicted of that crime, as John Fries
was in Pennsylvania. So of this champion of the
execution of the laws of Congress. Where then
was his championship? Whore then was lus
sense of obligation to obey the laws of Congress?
Where then was his duty to uphold the majesty
of the Government and the Constitution and the
laws of the United States? I have always ac-
knowledged that my obligation was to uphold the
Government. 1 ever expect to do it. This case
of Burns was one where the courts of the United
States by the Constitution itself had jurisdiction.
They had decided similar cases again and again,
and they had always sustained the constitution-
ality of the law; and yet one of the Senators, in-
stead of standing up for the majesty of the law
and counseling these rebels, these insurgents, to
dispeise and not to commit the crime of treason
against tln*ir Government, admits to us that though
he was here, his sympathies were with the rebels
and tiaitors. What an admission for an Ameri-
can Senator to make! The other Senator does
not respond at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Several Sen'atous. Say nothing.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Only a
word.
Mr CLARK. I do not think you suffer any.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
idea that I am suffering- any. I have not felt so.
I did not interrupt the Senator for the reason that
I did not wish to interrupt his speech, because I
did not think the interruption would shorten it,
[laughter,] and in the next place I wanted to
hear what the Senator.had to say about this mat-
ter, to hear it all through; and as he has had his
say, and then has come finally to remark that I
do not say anything about it, I wish simply to
state that on the night of that mob 1 was twenty
miles from the place of it, and knew nothing more
about it than the Senator from Kentucky did, in
any way, shape, or manner.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, lam happy to hear
that disclaimer. Still, I will put another question
to the Senator. I ask him whether he ever did
anything to uphold that law in Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed not. I had no doubt
of that before the question was answered. Well,
sir, I have got a little more here. Here was the
case of Prigg vs. The State of Pennsylvania. There
was the case of Booth as I said. Prigg went over
to Pennsylvania with a power of attorney from a
slave owner whose slave had escaped from Mary-
land, to arrest the slave. He did arrest the slave,
and a mob interposed and rescued that slave and
killed a citizen of Maryland. I know the facts
are unpleasant to gentlemen. I am sorry they are
facts; 1 wish they never had been. I wish every
man had been loyal to the Government, always,
and was now. A citizen of Maryland was killed
in this lawless, unconstitutional, and violent at-
tempt, and successful attempt, of a Pennsylvania
mob to defeat the execution of this law of Con-
gress, and to rescue a fugitive slave that was law-
fully in custody. I never heard of the gentlemen
from Massachusetts—they are the gentlemen I
am speaking of—condemning these acts of resist-
ance to the laws. But the gentlemen have now
signified their position m relation to such mobs,
and I will not pursue that subject any further.
It is not every case that aiises under the Con-
stitution of the United States that is a judicial
case, or that gives rise to a judicial question; on
the contrary there are many cases and questions
that arise which are purely political, and it is only
in relation to judicial questions that the courts
have a proper constitutional and controlling au-
thority, as the Chair well knows, for ho is one of
the ablest lawyers in this body. [Mr. Foster in
the chair.] Well, sir, wherever the couris have
constitutionally the cognizance of a case arising
under the Constitution, it is the duty of every
good and peaceful citizen to obey the judgment of
the courts. That has always been my principle.
I was taught so by my great leader and master,
Mr. Clay, and that is the Union sentiment of the
State of Kentucky.
Now, in relation to purely political questions,
one arose in the State of Rhode Island during the
Dorr insurrection. The Government there had
continued under the old charter of King Charles
II. It was not altogether an equal government in
providing representation to the people, and Dorr
and some other modern reformers rose up in re-
volt against that government. They elected, in
an irregular manner and without the sanction of
the necessary law, a convention to frame a con-
stitution, and they framed one essentially different
from the old charter, and under that constitution
they elected their Governor and theirLegislature.
" Captain Tyler," as we used to call him in that
day, was then President of the United States; he
recognized the old charter government and repu-
diated the now one, the Dorr government. The
question was brought up to the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Luthei v*. Bor-
den, a case that was very elaborately and most
ably argued, upon which the comtiendered opin-
ions sevialiiand in winch the important and novel
questions involved were discussed at great length
and with signal ability. The Supreme (Jouit de-
cided that the question of recognizing the govern-
ment of Rhode Island was apolitical and not a
judicial question; that it was a question apper-
taining to the President alone; and that whatever
government, the old or the new, he chose to rec-
ognize, it was the duty of the court and of all the
officers of the Government also to recognize that
government which the President recognized, it
being a political power.
I give one other example, and then I will pro-
