THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1862.
New Series No. 16.
retary of the Treasury to tran^rc
of an appropriation for prinMg
r certain balances
appropriation tor prinHng of the second
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, to the sum
appropriated for the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress—to the Committee on Printing.
SURRENDER OF MESSRS. MASON AND SLIDELL.
The hour having arrived for the consideration
of the special order, the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the motion of Mr. Sumner, to refer to the
Committee on Foreign Relations the message of
the President, received on the 6th instant, relative
to the recent removal of certain citizens of the
United States from the British mail steamer Trent,
by order of Captain Wilkes, in command of the
United States war steamer San Jacinto.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, every princi-
ple ofinternational law, when justly and authori-
tatively settled, becomes a safeguard of peace and
a landmark of civilization. It constitutes a part
of that code which is the supreme law, above all
municipal laws,binding the whole commonwealth
of nations. Such a settlement may be by a general
congress of nations, as at Munstcr, Vienna, or
Paris; or it may be through the general accord of
treaties; or it may be by a precedent established
under such conspicuous circumstances, with all
nations as assenting witnesses, that it shall at once
become in itself a commanding rule ofinternational
conduct. Especially is this the case, if disturb-
ing pretensions long maintained to the detriment
of civilization, are practically renounced by the
Power which has maintained them. Without any
congress or treaties, such a precedent has been
established.
Such a precedent ought to be considered and
understood in its true character. In undertaking
to explain it, I shall speak for myself alone; but
I shall speak frankly, according to the wise free-
dom of public debate, and the plain teachings of
history oil the question involved, trusting sin-
cerely that what I say majr contribute something
to elevate the honest patriotism of the country, and
perhaps to secure that tranquil judgment which
will render this precedent the herald, if not the
guardian, ofinternational harmony.
Two old men and two younger associates, re-
cently taken from the British mail packet Trent
on the high seas by order of Captain Wilkes of
the United States Navy, and afterwards detained
in custody at Fort Warren, have been liberated
and placed at the disposition of the British Gov-
ernment. This has been done at the instance of
that Government, courteously conveyed, and
founded on the assumption that the original cap-
ture of these men was an act of violence which
was an affront to the British flag, and a violation
ofinternational law. This is a simple outline of
the facts. But in order to appreciate the value of
this precedent, there are other matters which must
be brought into view.
These two old men were citizens of the United
States, and for many years Senators. One was
the author of the fugitive slave bill, and the other
was the chief author of the filibustering system
which has disgraced our national name and dis-
turbed our national peace. Occupying places of
tiustand power 111 the service of their country,
they conspired against it, and at last the secret
traitorsand conspirators became open rebels. The
present rebellion, now surpassing in proportions
and also 111 wickedness any rebellion in history,
was from the beginning quickened and promoted
by their untiring energies. That country to which
they owed love, honor, and obedience, they be-
trayed and gave over to violence and outrage.
Tieason, conspiracy, and rebellion, each in suc-
cession, have actcd through them. The incalcu-
lable expenditures*whieh now task our national
resources, the untold derangement of affairs not
only at homo but also abroad, the levy ot armies
almost without an example, the devastation ot
extended regions of territoi y, the plunder of peace-
ful ships on the ocean, and the slaughter of fehow-
citizens on the murderous battle-field; such are
some of the consequences proceeding directly from
them. To carry forward still further the ;
16
:igantic
crime of which they were so large a part, these
two old men, with their two younger associates,
stole from Charleston on board a rebel steamer,
and, under covcr of darkness and storm, running
the blockade and avoiding the cruisers in that
neighborhood, succecded in reaching the neutral
island of Cuba, where, with open display and the
knowledge of the British consul, they embarked
on board the British mail packet the Trent, bound
for St. Thomas, whence they were to embark for
England, in which kingdom one of them was to
play the part of embassador of the rebellion, while
the other was to play the same part in France.
The original treason, conspiracy, and rebellion of
which they were so heinously guilty, were all
continued on this voyage, which became a pro-
longation of the original crime, destined to still
further excess, through their embassadorial pre-
tensions, which, it was hoped, would array two
great nations against the United States, and enlist
thorn openly in"behalf of an accurscd slaveholding
rebellion. While on their way, the embassadors
were arrested by Captain Wilkes, of the United
States steamer San Jacinto, an accomplished offi-
cer, already well known by his scientific explora-
tions, who, on this occasion, actcd without in-
structions from his Government. If, in this arrest,
he forgot for a moment the fixed policy of the
Republic, which has been from the beginninglike
a frontlet between the eyes, and transcended the
law of nations, as the United States have always
declared it, his apology must be found in the pa-
triotic impulse by which ho was inspired, and the
British examples which he could not forget. They
were the enemies of his country, embodying in
themselves the triple essence of worst enmity—
treason, conspiracy, and rebellion; and they wore-
a pretended embassadorial character, which, as he
supposed, according to high British authority,
rendered them liable to be stopped. If, in the
ardor of an honest nature, Captain Wilkes erred,
he might well say:
" Wlio can be wise, amazed, temperate, and furious,
Lojal and neutral in a moment? No man.
The expedition of my violent love
Ouuan the pauser reason.
" Who could refrain
That had a heart to love, and in that heart
Courage to make his love known?"
If this transaction be regarded exclusively in the
lightof British precedents; ifwe follow the seeming
authority of the British admiralty, speaking by
its greatest voice; and especially if we accept the
oft-repeated example of British cruisers, upheld
by the British Government against the oft-repeated
protests of the United States, we shall not find it
difficult to vindicate it. The act becomes ques-
tionable only when brought to the touchstone of
these liberal principles, which, from the earliest
times, the American Government has openly
avowed and sought to advance, and which other
European nations have accepted with regard to
the sea. Indeed, Great Britain cannot complain
except by now adopting those identical principles;
and should wc undertake to vindicate the art, it
can be done only by repudiating those identical
principles. Our two cases will be reversed. In
the struggle between Laertes and Hamlet, the two
combatants exchanged rapiers; so that Hamlet
was armed with the rapier of Laertes and Laertes
was armed with the rapier of Hamlet. And now
on this sensitive question a similar exchange has
occurred. Great Britain is armed with Ameitcan
principles, while to us is left only those British
principles which, throughout our history, have
been constantly, deliberately, and solemnly re-
^Lori Russell, in his dispatch to Lord Lyons,
co rn m u n icaled to Mr. Seward, contents himself
by saying that "it appears that certain individuals
have been forcibly taken from on board a British
vessel, the ship of a neutral Power, while such ves-
sel was pursuing■ a lawful and innocent voyage an
act of violence which was an affront to the British
fill!;, and a viulotion ofinternational law."Here
is a positive assertion that the ship, notoriously
having on board the rebel emissaries, was pursu-
in" a lawful and innocent voyage; but there is no
specification of the precise ground on which the
act in question is regarded as a violation of inter-
national law. Of course, it is not an affront; for
an accident can never be an affront to an individ-
ual or to a nation.
But public report, authenticated by the concur-
ring testimony of various authorities, English and
continental, forbids us to continue ignorant of the
precise ground on which this act is presented as
a violation of international law. It was admitted
that a United States man-of-war, meeting a Brit-
ish mail steamer beyond the territorial limits of
Great Britain, might subject her to visitation and
search; also that the United States ship of war
might put a prize crew on board the British
steamer, and carry her off to a port of the United
States for adjudication by a prize court there; but
that she would have no right to remove the emis-
saries, who were not apparently officers in the
military or naval service, and carry them off as
prisoners, leaving the ship to pursue her voyage.
Under the circumstances, in the exercise of a
belligerent right, the British steamer, with all on
board, might have been captured and carried off;
but according to the British law officers, on whose
professional opinion the British cabinet has acted,
the whole proceeding was vitiated by the failure
to take the packet into port for condemnation.
This failure has been the occasion of much unpro-
fessional objurgation; and it has been emphatically
repeated that it was impossible to consent that the
custody of the individuals in question should be
determined by a Navy officer on his quarter-deck,
so as to supersede the adjudication of a prize court.
This has been confidently stated by an English
writer, assuming to put the case for his Govern-
ment, as follows:
"It is not to tlie right of search that we object, but to the
following seizure wiihout proccss of law. Wtmt we deny is
the right ofanavaL officer to staml in placc of a prize court,
ami adjudicate, sword in hand, with a sic rolo sic jubeo on
tlie very dock wincli is a part of our tcrriimy."
Thus it appears that the present complaint of
the British Government is not founded on the
assumption by the American war steamer of the
belligerent right of search; nor on the ground that
this right was exercised on board a neutral vessel
between two neutral ports; nor that it was cxer-r
cised on board a mail steamer, sustained by a sub-
vention from the Crown, and officered m part
from the royal navy; nor that it was exercised in a
ease where the penalties of contraband could not
attach; but it is founded simply and precisely on
the idea that persons other than apparent officers
in the military or naval service, cannot be taken
out of a neutral ship at the mere will of the officer
who exercises the right of scarch,and without any
form of trial. Therefore, the law of nations has
been violated, and the conduct of Captain Wilkes
must be disavowed, while men, who are traitors,
conspirators, and rebels, all in one, are allowed
to go free.
Surely, that criminals, though dyed in guilt,
should go free, is better than that the law of na-
tions should be violated, especially in any rule by
which war is restricted and the mood of peace is
enlarged; for the law of nations cannotbe violated
without overturning the protection of the innocent
as well as the guilty. On this ^pneral principle
there can be no question. Itisbutan illustration
of that important maxim, recorded in the Latin of
Fortescue, " Betterthatmanyguilty should escape
than one innocent man should suffer," with this
difference, that in the present case a few guilty
escape, while the innocent everywhere on the sea
obtain new security. And this security becomes
more valuable as a triumph of civilization, when
it is considered that it was long refused, even at
the cannon's mouth.
Do not forgot, sir, that the question involved in
this controversy is strictly (t Question of law pre-
cisely like a question of trespass between two
neighbors. The British cabinet began proceed-
ings by taking the opinion of their law advisers,
precisely as an individual begins proceedings m
a suit at law by taking the opinion of his attor-
ney. To make such a question a case of war, or
