2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
ceed. There is no judicial question, I believe, that
could-arise upon the validity of the annexation of
Texas to the United States by joint resolution of
both Houses. I happened to be a member of the
House of Representatives when that measure was
passed, and I voted against it. Jl voted against it
■upon the ground that that was the exorcise of the
treaty-making power; that the Congress of the
United States was the legislative power; that if
annexation could take place at all, it must be by
treaty, and this treaty must be formed by the
President and ratified by the Senate, and it was
unconstitutional for Congress so to annex Texas,
even as a State. There was no manner that I
know of by which that question could be taken to
the courts. But 1 here avow, as I have hereto-
fore, that, if that question was to come up again
in-the form of a joint resolution by Congress to
annex some other foreign territory to the United
States, I would not consider myself bound by that
precedent at all, and I would not give it the least
consideration, but would vote against the annex-
ation.
The Senator from Massachusetts reproved me
in harsh language some days ago for avowing that
I would resist and counsel my people to resist the
execution of an unconstitutional law. I will read
his language after a while. It was a very curtand
discourteous lecture, but not more so than the
gentleman reads to many other members of the
Senate. I was not disposed to take any personal
exception to it then, and I do not now. I admit
a bold and fearless freedom of debate, and I like
to see a man in that spirit indulge himself in rela-
tion to me. There is manliness in that course.
But when he admits here that his sympathies and
his opinions were against the execution of the
fugitive slave law which was passed under Wash-
ington fs administration, and has been acquiesced
in ever since by the people, by every Congress,
and by every court and by every President, I ask
if it becomes him to lecture me for declaring that
1 would counsel my people to resist the execution
of unconstitutional laws? But before I remark
further on that point, I will comment on the Sen-
ator's language which I have already read:
" That slavery is disloyal to tins country, that it is dis-
loyal to everything connected with theGoveinmentand the
m>titutions ot the Republic, I enteitain no doubt. Evety
libei ot* the bonis* of this Republic is against nUvciy, was.
made to be against it, and is against it, and ever will hp
against it.,J
What is the being of this Republic, except the
Constitution and its provisions? What is the
soul and the spiritandthe power of this Republic,
except the Constitution?
(< Slavery knows it, is conscious of it; and slaveiy hates
the institutions of this country and this Government, and
all the legitimate and proper influence* of democratic in-
stitutions, more than anything on earth hates republican
institutions. There isnotto-day on the continent ot Europe
an institution, a paity —
not the autocrat of Russia, not the leaden despot
of Austria, no tyrant, either political or religious—
"a sect"—
not the Jesuits—
iC that hates tepublican Government and democratic insti-
tutions with the thousandth part of the intense bitterness
that xlavciv hates it."
Mr. President, that Senator looked into his own
bosom; he felt there the gall and malice and raging
hate that were swelling up against slavery and
slaveholders, and he gave utterance to his feelings
against slavery and slaveholders when he spoke
of the intensity of their hatred against the Gov-
ernment and institutions of their country. Men
measure otheis by their own standard, especially
when they lookinto the motives and thewoikings
of the passions of others. They look into their
own hearts, and what they find there they impute
toothers. Sir, there is not a loyal man in the State
of Kentucky who is not more loyal and more true
to the Government than that Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, with all his vaunted loyalty. There
is not a Union man in the State of Kentucky who
would not stand by the laws of Congress, as sus-
tained by the courts of the United States, and who,
if it was necessary, and he was summoned to im-
peril his life in enforcing their execution, would
hesitate one moment to take that position of re-
sponsible duty. And yet you see what denuncia-
tion the Senator from Massachusetts has made
against such loyal men.
The clause in the Constitution providing for
the reclamation of fugitive slaves was adopted by
the unanimous vote of the convention. Nobody
raised a voice in opposition to that clause. How,
then, dare a Senator get up here and say that
every fiber of the Constitution was made in hos-
tility to slavery, and that Washington and the
other framersoftheConstitution intended that that
institution should be temporary and evanescent,
when they ingrafted into the Constitution itself
all these provisions for its protection, and which
the Supreme Court of the United States decide do
protect it?
There is another clause in the Constitution to
which I will also call attention. I believe there is
no written law that ever authorized or recognized
the existence of the African slave trade, except
the Constitution of the United States. That rec-
ognized its existence, and provided for its con-
tinuance for twenty years after the Constitution
was adopted. The original plan of the Constitu-
tion contained a clause permitting its unlimited
and unqualified existence. That clause in the
original project of the Constitution was reported
to the convention, and who moved to eradicate
or to modify it? Luther Martin, of Maryland.
Virginia and Maryland had before proscribed and
prohibited the slave trade.
" Mr. L. Martin proposed to vary article seven, section
four, so as to allow a prohibition or*tax on the impoiiation
of slaves. In the first place, as five slaves are to be counted
as three freemen in the apportionment of Repiesentatives,
such a clause would leave an encouragement to this traffic.
In the second place, slaves weakened one part of the
Union, which the other parts were bound to protect; the
privilege of importing them was theiefoie unreasonable.
And, in the thud place, it was inconsistent with the prin-
ciples of the Revolution, and dishonoi able to the Ametican
character, to have such a featuie, in the Constitution.
"Mr.RrxLEDGEdidnotsee how the importation of slaves
could be cncouraged by this section. 1-Ie was not appre-
hensive ot insmcections, and would readily exempt tiic
othei States from the obligation to protect the southern
against them. Religion and humanity had nothing to do
with this question. Inteiest alone is the governing prin-
ciple with nations."
It is so with England, certainly.
"The true question at present is, whether the southern
States shall or shall not be parties to the Union."
Every State was independent then. Every State
could withdraw from the confederacy when she
chose, and become an independent Power.
" If the northern State-* consult their interest, they will
not oppo.se the increase of slaves, winch will increase the
commodities of which they will become the Gainers."
That was a prophetic truth.
" Mr. Ellsworth"—another noble son of old
Connecticut, and who was afterwards Chief Jus-
tice of theSupreme Courtof the United States—is
thus reported. "Mr. Ellsworth was for leaving
the clause as it stands," without any prohibition,
without any tax, without any qualification, with-
out any restriction whatever:
c< Let every State import what it. pleases. The molality
or wisdom of slavery arc consideiations belonging to the
States themselves.1'
Here is the true spirit of the convention in re-
lation to the subject of slavery, as expressed by
that enlightened statesman and that great lawyer,
Oliver Ellsworth, of the State of Connecticut:
" What enriches a part enriches the whole, mid the States
are the best judges of then particular interest. The old
Confedeiation had not meddled with tins point; and lie did
not see anj greatei necessity lor bringing it within the pol-
icy of the new one."
Suppose that convention had agreed to intro-
duce into the Constitution a clause giving to Con-
gress, or the President, or any branch or officer
of the General Government, power over the sub-
ject of slavery in any form, or in any connection
whatever, 1 ask if it would not have driven all
the slave States from the convention without any
Constitution whatever?
" Mr. Pinx'kvey. South Carolina can never receive the
plan it it piohibits the slave trade. In every ptoposed ex-
tension of the powers of Congress, that State hase.vpiet.sly
and watchfully excepted that of meddling with the impor-
tation of negroes. If the State-; be all left at liberty on tins
fcubjuetj South Caiolina rnny, peihap4-, by degiecs, do ot her-
self what is wished, as Vngmiaand Maryland already have
done."
That is justice, that is wisdom, that is philan-
thropy. If my own State had been left to herself
in relation to the subject of slavery, I believe with
perfect confidence she now would have a system
of gradual emancipation in force. I was once an
advocate for it myself, and thirty-odd thousand
of the people of my State voted for the call of a
convention, with a view to introduce that system ;
butthis intermeddling by thefreeSmtes, who have
no cognizance overit, with the subject of slavery,
has driven the people of Kentucky from all their
emancipation projects, and I doubt now whether
three thousand voters in the State could be got
for any scheme of emancipation.
Mr. HO W ARD. If the Senator from Kentucky
will give wav-} I will move an adjournment.
Mr. DAVIS. No; I would rather get through
if I can.
Mr. HOWARD. It is four o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall take this
vote to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to conclude what 1 have
to say on this point, and then, perhaps, I may con-
sent to yield the floor. Massachusetts wants to
force free institutions upon all the southern States.
Suppose the southern States, which were once in
power in this Government, had endeavored to force
slavery upon Massachusetts, what would she have
said ? I think she would have assumed that any
law to that effect was unconstitutional, and she
would have been for resisting it, and rightfully.
The question is a mutual one. If you are not
subject to have slavery forced upon you, you have
no power to endeavor to force freedom upon the
people of another State in time of war or peace.
The clause which allowed the free importation
of slaves was referred to a committee, and on the
24th August, 1787, it was reported to the con-
vention by Governor Livingston, and the report
was in these words:
*" Strike out so much ot the fourth section as was referred
to the committee, and insert: ' The migration or lmpoi ta-
tion of such persons as the several States, now existing:,
shall think propei to admit, shall not be prohibited by the
Legislatuie pnor to the year 1800 j but <i tax or duty may
be imposed on such migiation oi importation, at a late not
exceeding the average of the duties laid on imports.' "
Again:
" Mr. Madison moved to postpone the consideration of
the amended proposition, in order to take up the follow-
ing :
"'TheLegislature of the United States, whenever two
thuds of both Houses shall deem necessary, or on the ap-
plication of two thuds of the Legislatures of the several
States, shall propose amendments to this Constitution,
which shall bo valid to all intents and purposes as part
theieof when the same shall have been ratified by three
fourths, at least, of the Legislatures of the several States,
or by conventions in three fomths theieof, as one oi the
othei mode, of ratification may be proposed by the Legisla-
ture of the United States.1
'•Mr. Hamilton seconded the motion.
il Mr. IluTLCDGE said he never could agice to give a power
by which the articles relating to slaves might be altered liy
the States not interested m that property and prejudiced
against it. In order to obviate this objection, these woids
were added to the proposition, 'provided that no amend-
ments which may be made prior to the year 1808 shall in
any manner affect the fourth and fifth sections of the sev-
enth ai tide.' "
Mr. Livingston reported in favor of abolishing
the slave trade from 1800. There was a modifi-
cation offered that it should continue until 1808,
and now let us see who voted for the extension
until 1808:
"The postponement being agreed to,
"On tiie question on the proposition of Mr. Madison, and
Mr. Hamilton, as amended,
u Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Caiolma,
Georgia, aye—9; Delaware, no—1; New Hampshire, di-
vided."
These votesand these provisions show the spirit
that animated that body of patriots and of sages
when they adjusted the subject of slavery in the
Constitution. Now, I will remark to my friend
from Michigan that 1 feel a little feeble, and I will
give way to allow him to move an adjournment,
if such be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD, i move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Chandler, Collamcr,
Davis, Dixon, Foster, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,
Powell, Saul-bury, Sumner, Trumbull," Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson of Missoun—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Fetsenden, Foot,
Grime-;, Ilarian, Harris, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas. La-
tham, Morrill, Pomerov. Sherman, Staik, WilJey, Wiisou
of Massachusetts, and Wright- 18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the further con-
sideiation of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at one o'clock, at which time my colleague
can finish his speech. I think it is unusual in the
Senate to refuse to ad journ when a Senator upon
the floor is exhausted and cannot conclude his
