THE COIG®ESSFOME GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1862.
New Series No. 200.
its amendments disagreed to by the House to the
bill (H. R. No. 471) to confiscate the property of
rebels for the payment of the expenses of the pres-
ent rebellion, and for other purposes, asks a com-
mittee of conference, and has appointed Messrs.
Clark, Harris, and Wright, managers on the
part of the Senate; also, that the Senate had passed
an act (No. 383) to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
ILLINOIS JUDICIAL DIST11ICTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 102)
to amend an act entitled " An act to divide the
State of Illinois into two judicial districts," ap-
proved February 13, 1855.
The bill detaches the counties of Hancock and
McDonough, in the State of Illinois, from the
northern district of Illinois, and attaches them to
the southern district of Illinois, of which they shall
constitute a part of the same as if they had ori-
ginally belonged to said southern district.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal to my colleague
not to press the matter to-day. The gentleman
from the Chicago district [Mr. Arkold] is absent
on account of sickness in his family. He is very
much opposed to this bill, and desires to be heard
upon it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill only pro-
poses to detach two counties from the northern
judicial district of the State of Illinois and attach
them to the southern district. It is certainly not
of such importance to my colleague, [Mr. Ar-
nold,] or any other member, that it should be
postponed on account of his absence. The north-
ern judicial district of Illinois, while it has not an
amount of territory equal to that of the southern
district, has vastly more business. These two
counties are so situated that their transfer fsorn
the northern to the southern district would be at-
tended with convenience to suitors. The Judi-
ciary Committee has had the question before it,
has heard the statements of gentlemen from both
districts, and has come to the conclusion that the
bill should pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will my colleague yield
to me?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, this bill
proposes to change from the northern to the south-
ern district two counties in my congressional dis-
trict. Every memberofthe bar in both these coun-
ties, of all political parties, has signed a petition
in favor of this measure. Neither the gentleman
from the Chicago district, nor his constituents,
can have any interest in the matter.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE. I trust that my colleague
[Mr. Kellogg] will not press this matter, for the
reason which 1 have stated. The entire bar of
Chicago has protested against this measure; and
1 have filed remonstrances for more than two hun-
dred and fifty citizens of those two counties against
it. I have never heard any complaint against the
present apportionment, and I see no reason for the
proposed change. I trust that, under the circum-
stances, my colleague will not press this bill to a
vote now. If he does, I will feel it my duty to
move to postpone its consideration to some sub-
sequent time or to the next session of Congiess.
I am opposed to it myself, as one of the Represent-
atives from Illinois. My colleague [Mr. Rich-
ardson] speaks of lawyers petitioning for it. Sir,
it is not the interest of lawyers that is represented
here. It is the interest of suitors, and of the peo-
ple generally, and two hundred and fifty of these
have remonstrated against this bill. And if the
wish of lawyers is to have any influence here, I
may cite the fact that the entire bar of Chicago is
opposed to this bill. I knew no reason why,un-
der this state of facts, this legislation should be
had. 1 trust my colleague will let the matter go
over till the gentleman from the Chicago district
comes back.
Mr. RICHARDSON. For the first time, I learn
200
that there is opposition in my district, in these two
counties, to the proposed change. It may be so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes, sir; that is so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I know the fact, and I
state it upon my responsibility, that there are not
in these two counties, having a voting population
of some eight or ten thousand, to be had, upon a
fair presentation of the case, one hundred voters
opposed to the change. I stated the fact that the
petition came up here, and that upon that petition
was the name of every member of the bar of every
political party in these two counties.
Now, 1 suppose the members of the bar residing
in these two counties would be quite as likely to
understand the interests of the suitors there as
those who live two hundred and fifty miles away
from them. What interest is it to the members
of the bar in Chicago that they should control the
business convenience of the people who live two
hundred and fifty miles away from them ?
It is true,as my colleague who is on the Judi-
ciary Committee [Mr. Kellogg] says, that the
cases taken to Chicago, where there is a large
amount of business in court, are not attended to,
and cannot be so properly attended to, as they can
be in the southern district. That is one of the mo-
tives which prompt the members of the bar living
in these two counties to desire this change in their
place of doing business.
It may be, and 1 doubt not is, the interest of the
members of the bar at Chicago to exclude from
those living in this remote part of the district the
power of the prompt transaction of their business.
That they are opposed to this change, I entertain
no sort of doubt. But it is a question that con-
cerns-tiie convenience and interest of my constit-
uents, and I speak for them here when I say that
ninety-nine out of every hundred of them desire
the change to be made. I am very thankful, cer-
tainly, to my colleagues coming from another
quarter of the Stater for looking so much to the
welfare of my constituents. I am very much
obliged to my colleague.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I only state the fact of
this remonstrance of two hundred and fifty of the
gentleman's constituents against the bill. Mycol-
league cannot divest himself of that fact. He can
see the petition itself by referring to the files of
the Judiciary Committee. I desire to say in reply
to the last remark of my colleague, that my con-
stituents have the same right, if they deem their
interest to be affected, or if they deem a bill to be
against the public interest, to be heard as the con-
stituents of the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not deny that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I know the gentleman
does not deny it; but 1 say if he docs, I claim the
same right for my constituents that he does for
his. I repeat, that I do npt know what interest
can be subserved by setting off these two counties,
and especially when there is a remonstrance of
two hundred and fifty of the citizens of these coun-
ties against it.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, rcpoited that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (II. R.
No. 438) to grant pensions, and an act (H. R.
No. 187) to authorize an additional issue of Uni-
ted Slates notes, and for other purposes; to which
the Speaker thereupon affixed his signature.
ILLINOIS JUDICIAL DISTRICTS AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not think
this little matter should have taken up as much
time as has already been consumed upon it. I
further do not think there is anything in it that
could properly elicitany exhibition of feeling upon
the part of my colleagues.
Now, sir, in reference to the suggestion of my
colleague [Mr. Washburne] that the bill be post-
poned, I have to say, that when this matter was
before the Judiciary Committee, I procured the
consent of the committee that the gentleman from
the Ghicago district [Mr. Arnold] and the gen-
tleman from the Gluincy district, [Mr. Richard-
son,] who seemed to have special interest in the
matter, should be heard. The matter was de-
layed from time to time, and these gentlemen were
heard before the committee. Afterwards I was
directed to, report to the House, and the bill has
lain upon my desk ready to report for more than
a month. From day to day, as there was a pros-
pect of the Judiciary Committee having the oppor-
tunity to report, I notified gentlemen upon both
sides that I was directed to report it. I have done
what it seemed to me my duty and the duty of
the committee in this matter, and I shall not con-
sent to the postponement, and I hope the House
will dispose of the matter finally at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask my colleague to
allow me to make a motion to postpone.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. No, sir; I desire
to finish this bill now, if I can.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 simply desire to suggest
that, as I undeistand this bill, if it is passed, it
will become necessary ultimately, in order to make
the district square, to cut off a row of counties
all the way across the State; and in that way it
may affect the districts of several of us.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. In relation to
this configuration of districts, that is all a matter
of moonshine. The facts in relation to the con-
dition of these counties are simply these: they
are in the extreme southwestern portion of the
northern district, and a very considerable distance
from Chicago further than they are from Spring-
field. A few years ago it was more convenient
for that part of the State to go to Chicago than it
was to Springfield, because there was a communi-
cation by railroad to Chicago, while there was
not to Springfield. Since that time, however,
railroad communication has been completed to
Springfield, and it is now as convenient to go to
Springfield as it is to Chicago.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And cheaper.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And cheaper,
probably, because it is nearer. That portion of
the State which includes these two counties is in
the central division of our State for judicial pur-
poses. The session of our supreme court that
lias cognizance of the business of these two coun-
ties sits in Springfield. Hence it is very conveni-
ent for lawyers and suitors to do their judicial
businessnow in Springfield rather than atChiengo.
Now, sir, in relation to this bill I have not the
slightest interest in it or feeling about it. One
of the counties adjoins the county in which I
live; the other adjoins that county on the west.
So far as the feeling of the lawyers are concerned,
I must say in truth, that they make up most of
the feeling in the case. The Chicago lasvyers
desire the business done at Chicago. The law-
yers of these two counties desire to do their busi-
ness where it is most convenient to them and to
the suitors to do it. I think they should be grat-
ified rather than the lawyers of Chicago.
It is said there is a petition of two hundred and
fifty persons from the county of McDonough. I
have never seen that petition, but I presume it is,
as my colleague states, on the files of owr com-
m i tt cc.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 did not say there was
no such o pptition from the county of Ale,Do no ugh.
The petition was signed by citizens of both coun-
ties. It was before the gentleman's committee, and
I am surpusod my colleague has not seen it.
Mr. IlELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
says there is such a petition. I have not seen it,
but I doubt not he states correctly. There are the
petitions of the lawyers and leading men of these
tsvo counties, pretty unanimous in favor of the
change to the southern district. Yesterday, I think
it was, 1 saw a distinguished gentleman from Mc-
Donough county, standing among the first in the
bar of that county. 1 conversed with him in re-
lation to it, and lie said there was little feeling
among the people upon the subject, that he had
signed the petition in favor of the transfer of these
two counties, and that the bar of the two counties
were nearly unanimous. He thought it was just
to do so; and that the more confirmed me, if it
was necessary, in my opinion of the justness of
this measure.
