3186
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Now, Mr, Speaker, I will not detain the House
longer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Permit me to inquire if
that was not a gentleman from McDonough
county?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Who stands opposed
to my political sentiments.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I presume he
does, slightly. But I do not at all consider this as
a political question.  
Mr. RICHARDSON. Of course not; neither
do I.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If it is a political
question I do not know it. My action is governed
entirely by this consideration: knowing the local-
ity of the two counties, I do know that it is quite
as convenient, and I think a little more convenient,
for the inhabitants to do their business at Spring-
field than it is at Chicago. I think the members
of the bar pretty generally desire the change, and
I think there is no objection to this measure, sub-
stantially, except from the lawyers in Chicago.
With this statement to the House of facts, I move
the previous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 appeal to my colleague;
I know Ins courtesy, and I only ask him to mete
out to our colleague, who is absent, the same
courtesy he woulilasktohaveextendedtohimself.
1 know the gentleman from the Chicago district
spoke to me in relation to tills matter, that lie felt
a great interest m u, and lie expressed the hope
that H would nut be brought up in his absencc.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I know the in-
terests of the Chicago district will not suffer in the
hands of my colleague from the Galena district.
If I thought it of very great importance to the
country that the gentleman from Chicago should
be here, 1 should be disposed to postpone this
matter; but when I see that interest so fully rep-
resented by my colleague upon the left, I cannot
sec that the country demands that more time should
be taken up upon this subject.
Mr. WASIIBURNB. If my colleague insists
upon that, 1 hope the House will not second the
demand for the previous question, but will post-
pone the consideration of this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the pre-
vious question upon the third reading of the bill.
On a division, there were—ayes 45, nays27; no
quorum voting; whereupon,
Mr, WASUBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasiiburne
mid Rich Aims, on were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 50, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that there be a call
of the I louse.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Arnold, Baily, Francis P. Blair, Burnliam, Camp-
bell, runway, Covodc, Del,inn, Dcluplalnc, Diven, Uilgcr-
lon, I'Vitlon, Fisher, Vrsinchot, Gooch, Haight, Hale, Ilan-
eltt'U, Harrison, Hickman, Norton, Johnson, Julian,Francis
W. Kellogg, Kerrigan, Klllln^cr. l.eary, Mcliean, Marstou,
Hlxon, Noble, Norton, Udell, Pomeroy, Price, James S.
Rollins, Smith, Stevens, X'Vanels Thomas, Vallamliglmm,
Vandever, Van Horn, Van Vatkenburgh, Van YVvck, Vib-
bard, Wadaworth, Chilton A. White, Wood, and Wood-
ruff.
A quorum having answered to their names,
Mr. MORRIS moved to dispense with all further
proceedings under tile call.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, the tellers resumed
their places; and the House having divided, the
tellers reported—ayes 65, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put, and
under the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the ilnrd time.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas ami nays were ordeied.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 80, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, William Alien, William J. Al-
len, Ancona, Baker, UUldle, Bjottham, Jacob B. Blair,
(ii-mgu II. Browne, William <3. Brown, Calvert, Casey,
Chamberim, Clements, Cobb, Roscoe Coakling, Corning,
Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Oilier, Dimlap, Dunn,
Ed wards, ErigJjsJ), Fouke, Goodwin, Grider, Harding, Jack-
son, William Keilogg, Knapp, Lansing, Law, £azear,
Lehman, Loomin, Low, McKmglit, Mallory, May, sjea-
zies, Mitchell, Morris, Noell, Nage'n, Patton, Pendleton,
Perry, John S. Phelps,Timothy G. Phelps,Porter, Richard-
son, Robinson, Edward II. Hollies, Segar, Slianfts, Shei-
labarger, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan, John B. Steele, William
O. Steele, Stiles, Stratum, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Train,Trimble, Voorhees, Wail, Wallace, Ward,
Webster, Whalcy, Albert S. White, Wickliffe, Wilson,
and Wood—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Claik, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, Duell, Eliot, Ely, Granger, Hooper, Hutehins,
Ketley, Lovejoy, McPherson, Muorhead, Anson P. Mor-
rill, Justin S. Morrill, Olln, Pike, Alexander II. Rice, John
H. ltice, lliddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Verree, Walton, Wasiiburne, Windom, and
Worcester—37.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERRY E. BROCCHUS.
Mr. PORTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary" to report back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, House resolution
(No. 80) for the relief of Perry E. Brocchus.
The bill, which was read,authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Perry E. Brocchus,
out of any appropriation for the payment of the
salaries of the judicial officers of the United States
for theTerritory of New Mexico, the sum of $,664,
being the amount of his salary as associate jus-
tice of theTerritory of New Mexico,from the 24th
day of January, 1861, to the 30th of April, of the
same year.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying that resolution ?
Mr. ELIOT. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It lias.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr.PORTER. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to procecd with this matter, as it will consume
but a few moments.
Mr. ELIOT. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. POUTER. Judgc Brocchus, for whose re-
lief this resolution was introduced, was appointed
and confirmed as judge of the supreme court of
the Territory of New Mexico, in January, 1861.
His appointment came from Mr. Buchanan. He
did not receive his commission until about the
middle of February, 1861, in consequence of its
being ill the possession of Mr. Otero, Delegate
from New Mexico, who neglected to hand it to
him. Ho accepted theappointment early in March,
1861, and was preparing to go to the Territory of
New Mexico to assume the duties of judge, when
he was superseded by the appointment of a suc-
cessor.
The reason, it is believed, why lie did not go
to the Territory of New Mexico and assume the
duties of his office until thus superseded, was that
the winter was so excessively severe as to pre-
vent persons from crossing the country. I am so
informed by the Delegate from New Mexico.
By the law establishing the Territory of New
Mexico it is provided, that the chief justice and
the associate justices, and all other officers of the
Territory, before they act, shall take an oath or
affirmation before certain specified officers, all of
whom arc residents within the Teiritory. Judge
Brocchus, therefore, could not assume the func-
tions of his office until lie had been qualified as
judge in the Territory of New Mexico, and in
consequence of not having been qualified in the
Territory,the paymentof his salary, from the time
of his appointment until the time he was super-
seded, was refused at the Treasury Department.
They admit that the claim is an equitable one, but
they say, in consequence of his not having taken
the oath in theTerritory of New Mexico, he can-
not, under the strict letter of the law claim com-
pensation from the time of his appointment to the
time he was superseded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentleman
from Indiana to state that he regards this claim
as an equitable one. Now, let me ask him a ques-
tion. Did this claimant leave the State from which
he was appointed, and go out to the Territory of
New Mexico to discharge the duties of judge in
that Territory ?
Mr. PORTER, I have already stated that he
did not go there.
Mr. HOLMAN. If he never went there, then,
and never rendered any service to the Govern-
ment, what equity is there in appropriating this
money for his benefit ?
Mr. PORTER. This claimant had made all
his preparations to leave for New Mexico; and
gentlemen will remember that traveling to that
Territory is a very costly undertaking. He had
provided himself with everything that was neces-
sary, and he was about to proceed to the Terri-
tory of New Mexico to enter upon the discharge
of the duties of his office, when he was super-
seded by the appointment of a successor. He
alleges that the expense which lie was put to in
making preparations was more than the salary
which it is now proposed to pay him.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. What is the amount
that is proposed to be paid to him?
Mr. PORTER. Six hundred dollars.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 understand that this
judge never went to theTerritory, and never ren-
dered any services at all; and 1 do not see, there-
fore, why we should appropriate this money for
him, unless as a gratuity.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must, therefore, under the rules, nave its first con-
sideration in a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for money
to be paid out of an appropriation already made,
and the Chair has frequently decided that such
are not appropriation bills under the provision of
the rule referred to by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did this claimant leave for
the Territory of New Mexico when he was ap-
pointed ?
Mr. PORTER. He did not; but he had pre-
pared to go, and was just ready to proceed at the
time he was superseded by a successor.
Mr. McPHERSON. Did the commission ever
come into his hands?
Mr. PORTER. He was appointed on the 94th
of January, 1861. His commission did not reach
him until the middle of February, and soon after-
wards, on the 1st of March, he accepted it. He
was about to proceed to the Territory of New
Mexico, when, on the 30th of April, he was noti-
fied that a successor had been appointed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Is it the practice of the
Government to pay officers before they accept their
commissions ?
Mr. PORTER. It is the uniform practice of
the Government to pay them from the time of their
appointment and confirmation. It has been de-
cided at the Department that he cannot be paid,
simply from the fact that he could not take the
oath of office here, but had to go to the Territory
of New Mexico to take it, and that, until he took
the oath of office, lie could not oxecute the func-
tions of the office. They admit, if he had taken
the oath of office, that he would have been entitled
to salary from the time of his appointment and con-
firmation. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAKE moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
On a d ivision, there were—ayes thirty-two, noes
not counted.
Mr. PORTER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and F. A. Conkling were appointed.
The bill was laid upon the table; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the- House a mes-
sage from the Senate notifying the House that it
had adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses on Senate bill No. 175, to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the United
States Army, and for other purposes.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to state, in reference to that
report, that the committee of conference, in con-
sidering bill of the Senate No. 175, and the amend-
ments proposed to it by the House, were entirely
agreed as to the modification of the bill, which
was demanded by the present condition of the
country; but there were certain provisions in the
bill which the Senate had enactod that it was found
