2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Senate. I think it has been uniform. Indeed, I
netfer knew it t<? be refused, according to my rec-
ollection. It may have been done, but I do not rec-
ollect it. It seems to me the same courtesy should
be extended now to the Senator from Kentucky.
I do not think we are in any such condition that
we are obliged to make a new rule about cour-
tesy to each other. There is nothing so pressing
upon us as to require that. I trust the Senate will
now, for that has been the usual mode, defer the
subject, that is, postpone it to another day, so that
the gentleman from Kentucky may finish his
speech. I hope the Senate will sustain that mo-
tion. It has always been sustained heretofore,
so far as I know, and I hope it will be again.
Mr. CLARK. I want to say a word in regard
to the business in hand—in regard to the bill
which is now-before the Senate for its considera-
tion. It seems to be somewhat lost sight of in
the other considerations which have come up on
the motion to postpone it until to-morrow. The
Senate must be aware that the time we can have
for the consideration of this measure is somewhat
limited. They must be aware that it is pressed
by the tax bill. We supposed on Friday that we
might have considered it on Friday and Saturday,
and nearly finished it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to ask him a question.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is simply this: to know
why our time to consider this bill is limited ? Who
has limited it, and why is it limited ?
Mr. CLARK. I answer that the exigencies of
the country require that the tax bill should be
considered, and it is delayed by this bill. Sir, I
do not wonder that those men, like the Senator
from Illinois, who mean to defeat a measure of
this kind, should make that inquiry, because 1 am
aware that there is a systematic and organized at-
tempt here to defeat a mild measure of confiscation
in the hope of pressing through one that suits cer-
tain Senators. I want to advise those Senators who
desire4o get through some practical scheme of con-
fiscation, that such is the earnest desire in certain
quarters. Who adjourned us last night, sir, and by
whose votes were we carried away from the con-
sideration of this matter? These very Senators
who began early with this subject of confiscation;
who have been all the session urging it on; and
now, because the Senate have agreed by a com-
mittee on a scheme that does not quite satisfy
them, the Senate must adjourn in all haste. I
warn the Senate and Senators in regaid to this
matter, that they may see what is undertaken here.
It will not be my fault, it will not be the fault of
the committee, if no scheme of confiscation passes.
We are anxious that the thing shall be consid-
ered. I make a charge upon no man; but I say
there is here evidently an opposition to this meas-
ure, and a determination to delay it, and i hope
that it will be kept before the Senate until it shall
be brought to the action of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not consider myself as
included in the category laid down by the Senator
from New Hampshire, because, in the first place,
I did not vote to adjourn yesterday, and in the
next place I am in favor of his bill if I cannot gel
a better one, and am going to vote for it. But I
simply wish to say that I am opposed to pressing
this thing on if the sole purpose is to take up the
tax bill; because I confess I am not exceedingly
anxious that that tax bill should come up for the
present. I am not so anxious to tax the people
whom I in part represent until I have some dis-
tinct definite line of policy laid down by the Pres-
ident of the United States and by those who are
in authority in this Government. 1 think the time
has arrived when we, as the Senators of the States,
when the members o£ the House, as the Repre-
sentatives of the people, and when the people them-
selves have a right to expect and demand that
there should be some definite line of policy estab-
lished. Why, sir, how is it now? in one mil-
itary district we have one suit of order enforced;
in another military district, because it does nut
happen to suit the views of particular men who
have the ear ofthe Executive, it is countermanded
and another order substituted in its place, and
nobody knows what is the true policy of the Gov- !
crnment m any particular military district of the i
country. Is it not due to us, is it not due to our !
constituents whom we propose to tax as heavily j
as is proposed by that bill, that there should be 1
something submitted to the people as to what that
fine of policy shall be? If the President of the
United States reserves to himself and possesses,
as he seems to intimate that he does, the preroga-
tive, I want to know, for one, and as the repre-
sentative of a sovereign State I demand to know,
how that prerogative is to be exercised.
1 say,therefore, I am notdisposed to press this
thing on if the sole purpose is to take up the tax
bill. I think there are other measures that demand
our attention quite as much as that; and in behalf
of the people that I represent, I want to know
what is to he the policy of the Government. Mr.
President, less than eight months ago live regi-
ments of as gallant and true men as ever shoul-
dered a musket, went into the Army of the Uni-
ted States from my State, with the full complement
of men. Within the last ten days they have been
brigaded into one brigade, and the total number of
efficient men now is less than one thousand. Is not
that a striking fact? Is it not a subject worthy of
ourcontemplation ? Are we goingto content our-
selves with merely imposing additional burdens
upon the people in the way of taxation and take
no steps to supply those ranks, to fill up those
men ? Are we going to take no steps to give to
the widows and orphans who have been made in
those regiments that compensation to which they
are entitled? There are a great many other sub-
jects more deserving of our attention, under the
circumstances as they exist, than the tax bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had no expectation, in
making the simple inquiry that I did of the Sen-
ator from Ne\y Hampshire as to why it was that
our time upon this bill is limited, and who had
limited it, of calling down upon my head his de-
nunciation in the shape that he has thought proper
to make it; and if 1 unmask that Senator before
the Senate and the country, it is because he has
made this assault.
Sir, this confiscation bill has been here for
months, and who but the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and those who are egging him on to night
sessions to obtain a vote, have delayed it? Who
but he, united with every Senator in this body
opposed to confiscation, has delayed it? Why
did we not get votes upon some measure weeks
and weeks ago? Because he and those who arc
now backing him on under whip and spur to a
night session, unite to pass a bill that has got very
little confiscation in it, and which some of its
friends boast is not a confiscation bill at all. They
make it a boast that it is not a confiscation bill in
any shape. Who but they have delayed this
measure? I want the Senate and the country to
know who it is that has delayed it; and he shall
not charge, upon me that I am trying to defeat a
confiscation measure. I may vote for this bill.
It has some good provisions in it; but if by any
means 1 can get a better bill, I shall vote for that.
The Senator from New Hampshire cannot drive
me from the position of trying to get a better bill
by any such assaults made upon me without cause.
Now, sir, let us have the history of this thing,
and let the country know it. We had this ques-
tion of confiscation before us for weeks and for
months, and for several days we were near tak-
ing a vote upon it. A scheme was got up long
ago to refer it to a committee. Months ago it was
said it shouldbedone;butamajority of the friends
of confiscation were opposed to any other com-
mittee. They were satisfied to go on with the
bill that was before the Senate. A motion was
made in the Senate to refer these measures to a
special committee. It was voted down in the Sen-
ate. Subsequently some of the friends of confis-
cation, my friends the Senators from Massachu-
setts, and some otheis, thought it might be advis-
able to refer these matters to a committee. They
wanted to harmonize different views as far as
possible, and the Senator from New Hampshire,
who I supposed was the friend of an efficient con-
fiscation measure that would amount to some-
thing, made the motion. Under his lead these
measures were referred to a committee, and what
I was the iesult? Why, sir, not one of the earnest
| friends of confiscation who voted for the commit-
j tee is for the bill reported by the committee. It
j does not meet the views of one of them. It does
I not meet the views of the Senator from New
Hampshire himself. He may support it, and so
may 1, if I can get nothing better; but it is not
according to his own view.
What has he done? He has gone into a com-
mittee raised by the votes of every man in this
Senate who is opposed to confiscation, and who
will vote against any confiscation bill that may be
framed, and will even vote against this. Every
one of those Senators voted for this committee.
When this committee got together, when the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire went into hodge-pot
with these opponents of confiscation, they brought
forward the bill now before us, and he yielded up
his own views to some extent to get this bill.
Now, sir, what have we before the Senate and
what is our position? There is now before the
Senate a measure which is not acceptable, I ap-
prehend, to a majority of those in this body who
are for confiscation. It is not the measure they
would prefer. It is a measure they may be com-
pelled to vote for when it is a question between that
or nothing; but they may not have the power to
amend it. I trust they will have; but they may
not ha\e the power to amend it because the op-
ponents of confiscation vote against everything.
They want no bill at all to be passed. They
will vote against all amendments; and therefore
those who adhere to this bill, weak as it is, by
uniting with those who are opposed to any bill,
may constitute a majority of the body, and in that
way pass a bill which is not such a measure as
a majority of the friends of confiscation would
pass, not such a measure as those who desire to
punish traitors would pass, but rather a measure
which meets the approbation of those who are
for dealing with the traitors gently, who are for
undertaking to conciliate treason by kindness
rather than by putting it down. A measure may
thus be passed which meets their approbation,
which meets the approbation of the men who are
ready to apologize for treason. Why, sir, the
traitors do not invoke the Constitution for their
protection; the rebels in arms do not invoke that
clause of the Constitution which declares that no
person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
city, except by due piocess of law, for their pro-
tection; but somebody invokes that clause for the
protection of traitors and rebels. They have ad-
vocates to invoke for them the protection of the
Constitution which they trample under foot, which
they repudiate.
I am for a more efficient measure than this. I
will do anything that is parliamentary and proper
to obtain a more efficient measure than this; and
I am not to be denounced for it by the Senator
from New Hampshire, or anybody else. The
effect of his movement has been to get before the
body an inefficient measuie. He made the motion
from mistaken views, as I trust; fori hope it was
not by design on his part that he moved this com-
mittee for the purpose of destroying an efficient
confiscation measure; but when every enemy of
confiscation went for this committee, it was a little
suspicious. They did not expect that it would
result in the passage of an efficient confiscation
bill. If they had, they would not havo cast their
votes in that way.
This, sir, has been the effect of the workings of
this committee. While I have been anxious from
the beginning that a bill should pass, and should
pass early, the fact is—and I want the country to
know it—that the very persons that are now urg-
ing on an inefficient measure to prevent the pas-
sage of an efficient one, are the very ones that op-
posed early action upon this subject. I wish these
facts to be known to the country, and not myself
to be charged with being opposed to confiscation
because I want this bill to be under consideration
till we can have opportunity, at least, to make it
more efficient. I believe it has been under con-
sideration a couple of days. I am not for pro-
longing it unnecessarily, certainly not factiously;
and 1 should have said nothing upon the present
occasion, but for the purpose of exposing and un-
masking to the country the effect of this special
committee—I do not say the design of it, for 1 do
not think it was designed on the part of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, though i appiehend
it may have been the design, perhaps, on the part
of others who voted for it. I can conceive of no
other reason why those utteily opposed to confis-
cation should have voted for the committee, ex-
cept that they supposed the result would be to
defeat a confiscation measure. 1 know, and I will
make the exception here, that some persons who
were for an efficient measure voted for this com-
mittee, though I find very few of those present
now sustaining this bill; I think none of them,
