1862.
THE OOjSTGrEESSIOJSrAL GLOBE.
Ti6?
from the highest authority, to wit, the colonial
reports made to the Imperial Parliament of Great
Britain, that the deterioration of Jamaica had com-
menced long and long before, emancipation was
even thought of, and that it went down in a con-
stantly decreasing ratio until emancipation, and
subsequently. To prove what I say, I will give
you a series of statistics going back as far as the
year 1801.
During the seven years ending in 1807, the ex-
ports of sugar from Jamaica amounted to an
average of 133,000 hogsheads per annum. For
the succeeding seven years, from 1807 to 1814,
the annua! exports of sugar fell off to an average
of 118,000 hogsheads. During the next seven
years, from 1814 to 1821, the annual average was
110,000 hogsheads. From 1821 to 1828, it ran
down to 96,000 hogsheads, and from 1828 to 1835,
it got down to 90,000 hogsheads; and it has been
constantly decreasing ever since. More than one
hundred estates had been abandoned on account
of being overrun with debt long before the scheme
of emancipation had been applied to Jamaica.
The evils of this depreciation in the exports, and
the abandonment of the estates of the planters
were attributed, in the official reports that were
made to the mother Government, and by writers
upon the subject, to the fact that the island was
holden and managed by absentee proprietors.
The proprietors were rich, lived distant from their
estates, and they were managed by their slaves,
guided by overseers. The consequence of this
system was a constant decrease in the exports,
and a diminution of the wealth of the island and
an abandonment of its estates, long and long be-
fore the moasureofemancipation had been applied
to it. But, sir, since emancipation, and since this
diminution of the exports of its former great sta-
ple, the island lias been divided into small piopri-
etot ships, and the proprietors of these estates have
got up a system of exports of other things, such
as cocoanuts, &c., which now amount to a very
considerable sum. 1 have not taken the trouble to
bring the tables with me, but there is a very con-
siderable amount of expoils from small proprie-
tors of small ai tides, of which the island exported
none at all until after emancipation.
But,* sir, Jamaica is almost the onlv island that
shows a comparative decrease of wealth from the
effect of emancipation. It is different in the island
of Barbadoes. That island has increased in its
exports, in its value, m its wealth, more than
double since emancipation, and 1 have before me
a table taken from a recent writer who has trav-
eled in that country and whose figures are com-
piled from the Pailiamentary leports, for I have
taken the pains myself to go to the Congress Libra-
ry and compare them with the official reports, and
therefore lknowthatthe tables aie correct. They
give this satisfying result in regard to the leeward
islands, Antigua, Dominica, Nevis, Montserrat,
and St. Kitts: from the year 1820 to 1832, taking
an average of twelve years immediately preceding
emancipation, the total expo nations of sugar from
these islands averaged 45,420,090 pounds, while
in 1858 the exports of sugar from these same
islands amounted to 48,145,000 pounds, being an
increase of nearly 3,000,000 pounds of sugar in the
annual expoits from the leeward islands. The
imports show amuch more favorable result. From
1820 to 1832, the average annual value of impoits
was <£298,000 sterling, while the imports into the
same islands m 1858, were =£514,835 sterling,
showing an excess of annual imports under free
labor of =£216,635 sterling.
That is the practical result of emancipation as
applied to those five West India islands; and if
gentlemen who think that the experiment of eman-
cipation will not compare so favorably as that m
other islands will go to the Libturv of Congress,
and look at the official reports made by the gov-
ernors of those islands, they will see that the le-
sulr is even more favorable in many of the islands
than that which is here exhibited in regard to the
five leeward islands. It is a mistake, a very ^reat
mistake, and I hope that it will be gratifying to
the humane feelings of the honoiable Senatorfrom
Kentucky to find that he is altogether mistaken
as to the effects that emancipation will produce
upon this laboung class of population. I hope
that it will do something to expel from his mmd
that skepticism which makes him shrink from
looking at this measure in the light in which an
enlightened and philanthropic statesman ought to
look at it, and that is in regard to its bearings upon
the great question of human rights.
Mr. President, it seems to me that,in thegood
providence of God, He presents to this nation to-
day an opportunity never presented before. If
the rebellion which is now rending this Republic,
and which is strewing our plains with the dead of
our young men who have gone out to do battle on
the field, has horrors, if it has miseries, if it has
everything or almost everything to make human-
ity weep, it is not without some aspects that re-
lieve the dark shade of the picture. If this rebel-
lion—I trust ere long to be crushed out—shall,in
the progress of the great injury that it is doing,
afford this Republic, these United States, the op-
portunity of trying here, in this little District of
less than ten miles square, the experiment which
other nations are trying upon a great scale; and
if we are enabled to show to the world that it is
sometimes safe to do right,and not always inex-
pedient; then, sir, we shall have achieved some-
thing at which humanity will rejoice, and some-
thing for which our posterity, to the latest gener-
ations, will bless us.
Sir, the Governments of the world the world
over are trying this experiment. The Emperor
of Russia on his throne and over his vast domin-
ions, is now striking the bands of oppression from
his long trodden down millions of serfs. The
ameliorating influences of better principles and
purer Christianity than have yet prevailed in the
monarchies of the Old World are melting those
iron despotisms, and carrying into practical effect
that great lesson of Christianity, "to loose the
bands of wickedness" and " let the oppressed go
free;" and it would be a reproach that ought to
mantle the cheek of every citizen of this Republic
with burning shame, if, at this day and this hour,
when the monarchies of the earth are waking up
tothegreatquestionsof human rights, and making
Christianity, instead of being a barren specula-
tion, a practical and efficient principle of then gov-
ernment, this nation, at a time when the provi-
dence of God pxesents tins opportunity to it,
should, from any skepticism or fear of conse-
quences, fail to meet the question and do justice
by the oppressed.
Sir, I do not ask that the Government of the
United States should trample upon the Constitu-
tion m any one of its provisions. 1 believe that
up to a very late period m our history, it was the
conceded doctrine of this Republic, by statesmen
North and South, that the constitutional power to
legislate upon the subject of slavery in this Dis-
trict ex'Med in Congress. I know that m late
years that has been questioned, and even denied.
I know that within the last ten or twelve years
this nation has been rent upon a new dogma,
which denied the constitutional power of Congress
to legislate for the Territories; and, while that
question was rending the country, while it was
tearing political parties in twain,dividing churches, j
bringing itself home to the hearts and consciences
of tins people, the Supreme Couit of the United
States undertook, with then puny efforts, to throw
themselves in the way of the great question by
the Died Scott decision, and to say to the surging
waves of humanity that, while washing out the
stains of oppression from our history, they should
go thus far and no further. The Supreme Court
will find out ere long how much that has effected.
Whether it has done more to wipe out the con-
tioversies that they wanted to crush out, or to ob-
liteiate whatever of respect there was remaining
m the public heart for themselves, they will find
out before the issue is settled.
But, sn, while by this decision the Territories
of the United States were taken theoretically from
the management of the Federal Government, I be-
lieve, though I never read the Died Scott decision
in reference to that particular view of it, it did
not go to the extent of saying that Congress had
no constitutional power to legislate m the District
of Columbia. They did not say it, I am told. I
am glad they did not. I think they would if they
had thought of it. [Laughter.] But, sir, that is
left, to us. Over this little spot of ten miles square,
or what there is left of it after the retrocession of
the part ceded by Virginia, we have confessedly
the right of legislation; and here in our midst, and
by our laws, thissystem ofhuman slavery exists,
and we are called upon to-day to abolish ft, to re-
peal the laws upon which it rests, and to the most
limited extent to try what will be the effect of
emancipation upon the few slaves that are in this
District.
Now, sir, I do not question in the slightest de-
gree the very strong convictions which the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky has upon this Ques-
tion; but Task .him, and I ask every man who
hesitates upon it upon the grounds he has sug-
gested, to take the trouble not to read the frothy
speeches made upon the floor of the House of
Representatives or the Senate during the last ten
or twenty years, but to go to the facts as they are
portrayed by the impartial pen of history. 'Task
them to look at the statistics which exist to-day
as to the condition of the colored population in
those islands in which emancipation hasbcen tried.
They will find that no such disastrous conse-
quenccs have ensued. Sir, the account that was
given of the final inauguration of emancipation in
the British West Indies in 1838, ought to stand in
all time to be read by every man that wishes to
inform himself upon this subject as to the char-
acter of this much abused population, and the
effects of this much abused measure. Twelve
o'clock midnight that ushered in the 1st of Au-
gust, 1838, to the British West India Islands 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Do you not
mean 1833 ?
Mr. HALE. No. The system of slavery was
partially ended in 1833, but there was a sysrem of
apprenticeships from 1833 to 1838; and on the 1st
of August, 1838, the whole system was wiped out;
there was not a slave left in the islands. That was
known; it was published in the islands long be-
fore the event occurrcd. In fact, the final blow to
the system of slavery was given, not by the Im-
perial Parliament, but by the colonial Legisla-
tures themselves, tired of the system of appren-
ticeships which the Parliament had inaugurated.
When the midnight clock ushered in the 1st of
August, 1838, the last manacle fell from the last
slave in the British West India Islands. This pop-
ulation knew it, and what was the aspect they ex-
hibited? Riots, drinking, acts of degradation and
crime; such scenes as you might expect from what
the Senator from Kentucky said when he pre-
dicted that they would become pests to society?
Was there anything of that kind exhibited? No,
sir; but on the preceding night almost the whole
population gathered themselves together in their
churches, in their places of worship, and when
the hour of twelve stiuck, which told them that
the slaves had been converted into British free-
men, they rose and sent up one united shout of
thanksgiving to Almighty God for the great boon
He had conferred upon them; and the conduct that
these emancipated slaves have exhibited in most
if not all the islands since, has been such as indi-
cates not only the wisdom and the justice but
the expediency of this measure. Yes, sir, it justi-
fies the expediency of the measure; and the situa-
tion which the islands present at this time, by the
most abundant and incontrovertible evidence, is
such as to show a state of facts very much like
what 1 have read of in these tables.
Now, sir, if raising sugarand distilling molas-
ses into rum were the chief end, the highest end
for which human labor and human ingenuity can
be employed, i concede that, in relation to some
of these islands, the result would be disastrous to
emancipation. They have made less rum and
exported less rum than they did before; but they
have established, in place of irresponsible, igno-
rant barbarians, as the slaves were said to be, an
industrious, happy, contented, and prosperous
peasantry; and those immense estates even in the
island of Jamaica which were abandoned by their
proprietors because they were burdened with debt,
have been divided up into small pioprictaries of a
few acres, where peace and comfort and compar-
ative industry reign, and a new system of things
in regard to exports has been inaugurated, and
they are now constantly increasing.
Mr. President, there is nothing on earth that is
more unjust, nothing more unkind—of course I do
not attribute personal unkindness to the Senator;
I speak ofa class, and I speak of it as a philosoph-
ical truth—than for this boasted white Cauca-
sian race to enslave the colored race, to keep them
in a state of ignorance, to keep them in a state
where it is a penal offense to teach them to read
so much out of the Bible as that they may learn
that God made them and Christ died to redeem
them; I say it is cruel and unjust to such a peo-
ple, denied the right of bringing a suit in court,
