246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
from the Committee 011 Naval Affairs to strike out
" Secretary of the Navy," in the third line, and
insert" President."
Mr. HALE, Mr. President, I am desirous that
we shall come to a vote on this bill, and 1 am de-
sirous that the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs shall be adopted. I think
the public interest imperiously requires it.
Before I proceed to make the suggestions which
I shall make, I desire to say a word in answer to
my distinguished friend from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] who, with the eloquence and power such
as he generally speaks with, (and few men speak
like him,) has opposed the recommendation of
the committee, and thinks that it would be undig-
nified in the Senate to take any notice of this evi-
dence that is brought before us, because it was
evidence taken by another body and before another
authority. I wish to call the attention of my hon-
orable fnend to an example, a prcccdent of high
authority, which I think it would be well for him
and myself and the rest of the Senate to follow
touching this very point of evidence; and I will
relate it to you", sir.
A few years ago—not many either—there was
a defalcation in the accounts of the treasurer of
one of the States of New England. The matter
was investigated by a committee of the Legisla-
ture. At that time that State, thus suffering in its
treasury, had for an Executive officer a man of
great intelligence and high integrity, and of as
keen appreciation of what belonged to the dignity
of his place and the proprieties of his office as any
man living. Well, sir, when that report of the
committee of the Legislature (justas this is) came
under the cognizance of the Governor and Coun-
cil, it implicated another gentleman holding official
position under the Executive of that State; and
what did that Governor do ? Did he say, "it
would be undignified for me to take any notice of
this evidence?" No, sir; but he promptly and
instantly removed the officer on the evidence of
the committee of the Legislature of the State,not
even, I believe, giving the person he dismissed an
opportunity to be heard befoie the Governor and
Council. So eminently was the conduct of that
gentleman approved, tkatwhen his party was as-
sailed for the delinquencies of the treasurer and of
those connected with him, it was only saved from
overwhelming defeat by the universal approbation
with which the prompt conduct of the Governor
was received by the people. I commended him at
the time for it, and so did the whole people of his
State. If there was anything that went to elevate
him and the party with which he was associated
it was the promptness with which he set his face
like flint against any tampering with the public
funds of his own State. f want to apply the same
rule here.
Now, let me say one word m regard to the Sec-
retary. I believe the Secretary of the Navy to be
as honest a man as there is connected with the
Government. I believe him to bed mail who would
scorn the idea of profiting to the amount of a dol-
lar or a cent from any transaction with which he
was connected in his office, or in the administra-
tion of the funds committed to his hands; but I say,
here is a tremendous, a gigantic, an overwhelm-
ing mistake. Suppose that, when the bill was be-
fore us, some gentleman had temerity enough to
get up on the floor of the Senate and move that
the Secretary of the Navy should have permission
to appoint an agent to purchase these vessels at a
compensation of $200,000 a yeai. Why, sir, a
commission of lunacy would have been issued at
once against the member of the House or Senate
who should have persisted in so monstrousa prop-
osition; and yet, without law, without sanction,
upon the mere personal arrangement of the Secre-
tary,he has? gone forward and paid out of the pub-
lic funds, for four or five months' service, a sum
that would be equivalent to more than &200.000 a
year.
Now, vsii, it is asked if it be dignified to take
any notice of this evidence. I ask, and 1 put it
to you, sir, does any man doubt it? Has it been
denied? The report has been on our tal K',and
on the table of the House of Representatives, and
it has been spread in the public prints, and has
anybody questioned it ? Does anybody question
it? If any one does, I retreat from my position.
I take it for granted that the facts in this report
are true, and undeniably true.
Now, let me say a word in reply to what the
Senator from Maine said in regard to the con-
struction the House had put upon this report. It
was made to them on the 17th of December, 1861,
and the farther consideration of it was postponed
until December 24, 1861; and on December 18 it
was resolved that five thousand copies of it be
printed. The order to print was made on the 18th
of December, and the bill that is now before the
Senate was passed on the 19th; so that the bill
putting this thing in the shape in which it came
from the House was passed before a member of
the House had probably read a single word of this
report.
Again, sir, the amount paid to this agent, what-
ever may have been the motives for so doing, and
however just and pure they may have been, was
vastly beyond the ordinary compensation paid for
services of that kind by a private individual. I
have it, and I am authorized to state iton the floor
of the Senate, on the authoiity of an honorable
member of the House of Representatives, that the
price paid for commissions of this sortin the city
of New York is one per rent, instead of two and
a half, and that if a broker or an agent purchasing
a ship for him—thus I have itfrom the gentleman,
a member of the House from the city of New
York—charged him a commission of one and a
quarter per cent., that that charge would be at
once rectified by the Chamber of Commerce, and
they would allow no such charge. That, sii, is
for the purchase of a single ship. I have the same
opinion from a ship broker in the city of New
York, which I have received tins morning in a
private letter, that one per cent, is the law, and
the well-established law, for the purchasing of a
single ship. But here was a purchase not of one
ship, but of a fleet; not of $40,000, but of millions,
and made in this way.
Now, sir, we arc asked to meet this thing di-
rectly. How can we meet it directly ? 4< Do not
come with this side blow." How can we come?
Sir, I have been peculiarly unfortunate. In every
attempt I ever made on this floor to correct any
abuse, I have been the most unfortunate of men.
If I take a small man, an humble man, it is said*
this is too small a business; this is shooting at
too small game. If I go up and aim at the head
of one of the Departments, that is too large; that
will be paralyzing the public confidence, striking
down the great officer upom whom we all rely.
It is utterly impossible to hit the right place. You
are either too high or too low. You never can
hit the right man.
Again, sir, I am always unfortunate in point of
time. It is said, now is a time of war; we do not
want to paralyze public confidence; and this is
not the time. If we try to do something in time
of peace, it is said there is no necessity for it; we
are now at peace; wait until there is some actual
emergency on the country, and then apply these
| remedies. You never can find the person; you
never can find the time; you never can find the
place.
Now, I appeal to every Senator who hears me;
I a«k, do you approve of this? Do you approve
of taking $100,000 of the public money to pay an
agent for fi\e months' work ? If you do not ap-
prove it, how are you going to manifest disappro-
bation ofit? I have been reproached hereby some
gentlemen, for whose judgmentl have the highest
respect, as I have for all the gentlemen who sur-
round me—I would hardly set up my judgment
against that of any member of this body—but
some gentlemen have cometu me and.said, "Oh,
it is very weil for you to get up and make a gen-
eral declamation against abuses; why do you not
put your finger on something and call upon us to
remedy that?" I did it. I point this out to you.
I tell you here is a misappropriation of the public
funds, and I want you to say, in some way or
other, you disapprove of it.
Again, sir, this bill proposes to build twenty
j iron-clad steamers under the direction of this same
, Seeietarv of the Navy, and he is authorized to
I furnish them by contioct or otherwise. What
; as.:,urancc have you, what right have you to the
j opinion, that that same agent will not be employed
j with a rommi^sion of two and n hnlf per cent, to
j go on and moke the purchases and contracts which
j are authorized by this very bill5 None at all. I
j do not want to stand here to lecture the Senate.
| God knows, I hold myself in as humble and
; lowly an estimate as any member on this floor:
I but I do feel impelled by a conviction of duty
which I cannot resist, to call upon the Senate,
when transactions of this kind come before us, to
mark them with their disapprobation. I do not
want to strike down any man; I do not want to
injure any man's reputation. If I know my own
heart, I would rather my tongue should cleave to
the roof of my mouth forever than that I should
ever utter a syllable that should unjustly detract
from the well-earned reputation of any one; but,
sir, placed as I am here, and having this thing be-
fore me, and as the committee, of whom I am on
this occasion the organ, have unanimously come
to the conclusion that the time has arrived when,
if we ever mean to set ourselves against these ex-
penditures, it is time to begin now, I have felt it
my duty to present it to the Senate.
I know full well that the measure, if we adopt
it, will not yield the remedy that we seek. I twill
not bring back to the Treasuiy the $100,000 that
have been taken from it so improperly; but I tell
you what it will be. It will be a mark of how the
Senate looks on this thing; it will be an admo-
nition to everybody who has anything to do with
the disbursement of the public funds, that such
things as this cannot go unchallenged through the
Senate.
I repeat, as I have said once before, in this mat-
ter I have no desire to injure the Secretary; I have
no desire to stab liis reputation; I have no desire
to detract anything from him that belongs to him;
but I stand here, one of the representatives of a
State of this Union, of a people that arc taxed
and to be taxed to the last point of human endur-
ance. Upon a recent visit which I made to my
home, in the cold days which have just passed
away, it is no fiction and no exaggeration when
I tell you that old men have stood, with tears in
their eyes, and have declared that they appre-
hended more of danger to this Government and
this Union from these corruptions, and these profli-
gate expenditures, than from the enemy which is
in arms against us on the other side of the liver.
Then, sir, if the Senate will not interpose here;
if they will not in some mode or manner—and I
am not particular as to the mode—express in some
way their detestation of this expenditure of the
public money, I shall despair, and despair entirely
of ever waking up this Senate or this Congress to
an appreciation of the real difficulties which en-
viron us. Sir, do you know what we are spend-
ing daily to put down this rebellion?—no, sir, not
to put it down; but to keep it along about as it is.
Do you know what we aie spending daily to do
it? More than a million and a half of dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Nearly two and a half.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I have put it small.
I always go under the mark. We are spending
more than a million and a half of dollars daily;
and I tell you the men who have capital and credit
watch our proceedings, and will look to it; and if
they see that this money, which they are giving
with such a lavish hand, is to be squandered upon
favorites at the amount of $200,000 a year for
doing literally nothing, you cannot raise money,
and you ought not to do so. The only way to
inspire public confidence is to begin here. I tell
you, sir, if this rebellious war that is now waged
against this country is to be put down, the first
victory is to be won on this floor, and it is to be
won by a vigilance over the public Treasury, and
a rebuke to every expenditure which is not just-
ified by law and by sound usage.
Then, sir, I desire that these steamers shall be
built. I have no doubt they will be built under
the duection of the Sccreiary whether this amend-
ment prevails or not; but it will be an expression
to the Secretary that in the manner in which he
has disbursed the public funds he has not the
sympathy of the Senate. When I have said that,
I have said all I propose to say, and leave the
matter with the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I was not present
yesterday during the debate upon this question.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire to-
day commences by informing the Senate and the
country that the Secretary of the Navy is, in hia
judgment, a perfectly honest man. He .says he
does not believe that anything would indue1 the
Secretary of the Navy to touch a single dollar of
the public money for his own purpose or for that
of any favorite. In saying that, the Senator from
New Hampshire has done no more than bare
justice to the Secretary of the Navy. He has de-
scribed him correctly. If there is an honest man
