1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time, to postpone to a week from to-day instead
of to-morrow. The motion now is to postpone
the further consideration of the subject until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wanted to show a little of
my learning on this question of order; for I never
read a rule of order in my life, and I think I am
the best judge of order of any man in the body,
because J never read one. [Laughter.] It is said
that on this question of assigning a day or an hour
for the consideration of the bill the Senator from
Wisconsin is not in order, because he is telling
why it ought to be postponed, or why ft ought
not to be postponed. He has the right to do
either.
Mr.TRUMBULL. That is not the ground.
Mr. SIMMONS, lie is stating what the bill is
that you are going to postpone, and he has a right,
most assuredly, to do that. Ho has not taken the
floor away from the Senator from Kentucky. I
came info the Chamber since these questions have
arisen, and there has been no motion to adjourn
since I have been here but what has been with-
drawn. I was not here when the yeas and nays
were taken; but I have heard every motion since
I came in, and there has been 110 motion to ad-
journ but what has been withdrawn. I want to
hear the. Senator from Wisconsin, and I have no
doubt but what the Chair will decidc that he is in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that a motion to postpone, or any motion
involving the order of business, does not, accord-
ing to parliamentary usage, at least as construed
in the Senate, open the merits of the question to
debate. It has been held frequently by the Pre-
siding Officer of the body, that, under such cir-
cumstances, it was proper for the speakers to give
reasons generally, (and usually recommending
brevity,) showing why a question should or
should not be postponed; but that the merits of
the question generally could not be discussed.
The Chair feels that there is a difficulty in the
application of the rule, and can only say that while
reasons can be given for a postponement, and rea-
sons given against it, it must be understood as not
opening the general merits of the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I say to my friends
all around me here, a truce to all these denuncia-
tions of the opinions which are entertained by
each other on this great question. We are all
agreed in the one purpose—it is to punish the reb-
els and to put down this rebellion. We differ as
to the best modes of arriving at it. Let us take
those means upon which we can agree. It seems
that our committee have reported this bill to the
Senate, and if we look into it, I think we will find
a great many good things in it, and a great deal
of efficiency in it also. I shall not go into the
merits of the question further than to reply to
these denunciations. Our friends on my right
smile when I say 1 am not going into the merits
of it. They have been denouncing the bill for an
hour. I am simply replying to some of those
denunciations. I say to our friends here that there
is very much in this bill and very effective pro-
visions. This bill provides that the President may
direct either the marshals or the commissions s to
go and seize and sequester the pioperty of every
one of those classes of persons that the Senate
decided should be reached by the confiscation bill,
and hold it until they are tried. You say they
will never be tried. Very well, then the Govern-
ment will hold their property forever. If they
flee the country, it will hold their property for-
ever. If it is perishable, the provision is that it
may be sold. You say there is no efficiency in
these provisions. The bill requires the President
to direct the marshals or commissioners to go on
and seize the propeity of all these classes of per-
sons for the very purpose of holding it and bring-
ing them to trial; and if they never come to trial,
you take the property and put it into the Treas-
ury. But gentlemen say there is no efficiency in
it: it does riot mean anything. There is as much
efficiency in it as in the bill of the Senator from
Illinois. It only makes this distinction: that the
title of the property does not absolutely change.
It is put into the Treasury of the United States if
it is perishable, or is held by the Government of
the United States until the trial takes place. If
Jie is never tried, the Government holds it forever.
If lie 13 tried and found not guilty, what would
you do with the property ? Would you keep it
then ? Suppose he is found innocent, would you
keep his property then ?
Mr. WADE. That is not a supposable case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You say that is not a sup-
posable case. It may be a supposable case. If
he is guilty, the title passes to the Government.
There is a difference of opinion here whether that
title can pass without the judgment of the court
and without the trial. If there is a difference of
opinion as to the form of arriving at it, if you ar-
rive at the same thing and get the property and
put it into the Treasury, why can you not yield to
the opinions of those persons who think they can-
not constitutionally do it in any other way but
by the mode of trial? When you get the prop-
erty, what more do you ask? Now, sir, when
we come down to this thing, I have no sort of
doubt whatever but that we can agree.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Wis-
consin allow me to call his attention for one mo-
ment to this bill, for I think he has misappre-
hended it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator for what
purpose this seizure of property is to be made by
the Piesident ? Is it not, by the express terms of
the bill, to insure the appearance of the rebel and
his trial under an indictment which is to be found,
which is required to be found ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to an-
swering my honorable friend fiotn Michigan,pro-
vided he does not draw me over the line on the
question of order.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to do so.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I will not go into the mer-
its of the bill, for that is not in oider.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not choosc to sit under
the very harsh remarks of the Senator without
calling his attention to what the bill actually is.
I desire him to look into that point particularly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is " to insure the more
speedy termination of the present rebellion, and
the apprehension, conviction, and punishment of
the persons engaged therein," and that " the Pres-
ident is hereby authorized and it shall be his duty"
by the marshals or commissioners or other offi-
cers to seize all the property of all these classes
of persons who are specified.
Mr. HOWARD. What then?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And to hold it until they
come to trial. If they never come to trial you will
hold it forever. If they do come to trial and are
found innocent, I do not believe my friend from
Michigan has it in his heart to say that you ought
to keep their property.
Mr. HOWARD. No, Mr. President, ceitainly
not; but if the Senator will allow me, here is the
put pose for which the property is seized in cases
where there is not an actual aircst of the person
of the offender; it is in section seven: "if the
owner of any property which may be seized as
aforesaid, shall flee from justice so that he can-
not be brought to trial upon indictment found"—
I call his attention to that—"and a return upon
the process for his arrest" is made of non est in-
ventus, then the property is to be, not confiscated,
but " forfeited," to the United States utterly with-
out tiial.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no difficulty in
getting him indicted. There are seven hundred
of them indicted in Virginia already. How many
will be indicted in Tennessee, as soon as we turn
out the secession judge and get a loyal judge ap-
pointed, I do not know; but I have no doubt that
under the administration of such men as Andrew
Johnson, the leaders will be brought to justice;
and 1 do not believe much in the doctrine that I
heard fiom the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
that there would be no use for hemp either. 1
believe there will be such a thing as a hemp tax
applied to these rebels.
Mr. WADE. Under this bill?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Under this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I raise
the question of order again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE- They are punished with
death, or with fine and imprisonment. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th^ Senator
will comc to order. The Senator from Massachu-
setts makes a point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise the question that the
remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin are not
in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was replying to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, who says that this bjU does not'
provide for punishing with death. It says, in
so many words, that if a man is found guilty of
treason, he may be punished with death, ana all
his slaves shall be set free, or you may fin© him
and imprison him.
Mr. WADE. Itis optional with the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not death the punish-
ment of treason now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A question of
order is made by the Senator from Msyssachu-
setts.
Mr. GRIMES, I submit that it is too late to
raise that question of order now. All the speeches
that have been made since the Senator from Ken-
tucky took his seat, have been upon this ques-
tion of postponement; and, after the debate has
proceeded for two hours upon this question, it
seems to me it is too late to raise the point of order
against the Senator from Wisconsin. I think we
ought to have a fair fight.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And now I will satisfy
my friend from Iowa—•
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to remark, in reply to the
question of order made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that it is impossible for the Chair to
decide any particular words of the Senator from
Wisconsin to be out of order. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will state, according to the rule,
the words to which he excepts, the Chair will pro-
nounce an opinion upon those words. At present,
the Chair thinks the Senator from Wisconsin is
in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, Mr. President, as
wc all seem to be in very good humor, if we may
have a trucc to this eternal denouncing of men
for their opinions about constitutional questions,
whore all are, I believe, equally conscientious, I
will forbear making any further remarks on this
question and give way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will move an adjourn-
ment in a minute. I merely want to say, in reply
to the Senator from Wisconsin, that it docs not
come with a very good grace for a Senator ^10
gets up and denounces everybody else as dogmat-
ical, then to talk about this being the most efficient
bill that there is, and he knows it, and about its
going to accomplish a great deal more than any
other bill. He talks, too, about people being set
in their opinions, and then he says this bill pun-
ishes with death, and ho reads it. Docs not the
Senator from Wisconsin know that the punish-
ment for treason now is death? Docs this bill
make it death ? Is it not death now, and is "not
the only effect of this bill to make treason a mis-
demeanor? Does not the Senator know that?
This bill does not punish treason with death: it
is the law of the land as it exists that punishes it
with death; and because this bill reiterates that
over again, it has, in the opinion of the Senator
from Wisconsin,thcglossof deathaboutit. They
are punished with death without this bill. The
only effect of this bill is to mitigate the punish-
ment for treason. The only effect of this bill is to
allow the c-hicf of traitors, instead of swinging by
hemp, to escape with a fine as for a misdemeanor;
or with fine and imprisonment. This bill will
punish nobody with death who would notbe pun-
ished with death without the bill. Is not that so?
Then, why rise in the Senate and talk about this
bill inflicting the punishment of death, and about
the hemp tax, as if this bill did it; when it is done
without the bill, and the only effect of the bill is
to mitigate the punishment? But, sir, I do not
wish to prolong this debate, and I now move, in
accordance with the wishes of everybody around
me, that the Seriate adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to say one
word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois withdraw his motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is unusual. 1 desire
to reply in a single word only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable. It is moved and seconded that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEArf—Messrs. Browning, Curl lie, Chandler, Davis,
