1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in our public service, if there is an irreproachable
man, a man of spotless reputation and spotless
cluuactei in the'United States, it is the present
Secretary of the Navy; and that is admitted by
the Senator from New Hampshire and by all
others.
Now, sir, in this state of facts what is pro-
posed? A bill is before us for the building of
twentynew vessels; and the Committee on Naval
Affairs report an amendment to that bill, pro-
viding that the Secretary of the Navy—acknowl-
edged to be aman of irreproachable honesty—shall
not be permitted to expend the money for the
building of those vessels. Why, sir, it seems
to me this is somewhat remarkable. Why is
it that the country is to be told that this remark-
able exception must be made? Because in the
purchase of certain vessels by this same Secre-
tary of the Navy, without any imputation upon
his motives, without charging him with any fraud
either express or implied, the Senator says a mis-
take has been made. I am prepared to show the
Senate, if I had time to go into this subject, that
110 mistake has been made. I take it upon me to
say, that I can show the Senate and the country,
that instead of a vast sum having been taken from
the public Treasury by the mode of proceeding
adopted by the Secretary of the Navy, a great
sum has been saved. The Senator says a large
amount has been paid out. That is true. It is
true that the mode pursued did give to the per-
son employed a large compensation for his ser-
vices in the aggregate. I do not propose now
to detain the Senate by going into a full investi-
gation of this matter. The Senator knows very
well that when this purchase was commenced, it
was supposed by the Secretary of the Navy that
it would be comparatively a small one. No one
supposed at that time that millions upon millions
of dollars would be expended in the purchase of
vessels.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment? As the Senator is upon that point, I will
say that the report states that after the committee
found that the agent had received §51,000 under
that arrangement, they went to the Secretary and
remonstrated against it, but the arrangement was
still continued.
Mr. DIXON. I supposed when the Senator
commenced, by admitting that the Secretary was
honest, and claimed that he intended to do right
and had only made a mistake, he would abide by
that line of argument. I am not now prepared,
nor would I take up the time of the Senate on this
bill to go into an investigation of this subject; but
I take it upon me to say on my responsibility,
that I am convinced it can be shown that in point
of fact this proceeding has saved the Government
a great sum of money. Why, sir, what was the
custom before' How were these purchases for-
merly made? Agents had been employed, some-
times four or five brokers, sometimes an officer of
the Government. The Government has proverb-
ially paid immensely greater piiccs for property
purchased than ought to have been paid. That
is perfectly well understood everywhere. On the
other hand, nobody claims that these purchases
now have not been well made. I believe there is
no objection on that ground. I believe it is ad-
mitted that this vast sum of money has been well
and judiciously expended so far as prices are con-
cerned; and the only objection is that the agent
who made the purchases, by the peculiar mode of j
his compensation, has received a ltugev sum than
he ought to have icceived, and I have no doubt a
much larger sum than the Secretary of the Navy
supposed'at the outset he would receive.
Well, sir, not to dwell on the subject at this
time, I ask, is this a proper mode of reprimand
for the Senate of the United States' Here is an
officer admitted to be honest, admitted to have done
his duty, admitted to be of pure intentions, and
claiming that he can show that he has transacted
this vast amount of business with a saving to the
public Treasury. Is he to be stamped with in-
famy by this amendment, and is the Senate to say
that he is not fit to pel form thedutiesot hisoffice.'
That is viitually what the amendment amounts
to. It is useless for the Senator to say that the
Secretary of thoNavy will, notwithstanding, make
these purchases and perform all these duties. The
Senate, as far as they are concerned, say by this
amendment that lie shall not. Do the country
demand it of us? Do they demand that we shall
stamp an officer, admitted to be honest, admitted
to be pure even by those who now assail him,
with this affront? It seems to me not.
But the Senator asks, what assurance have w6
that if we do not adopt the amendment the same
alleged abuses will not prevail ? I will tell you
what assurance you have. It is the assurance
which the Senator gave to the Senate in the first
sentence he uttered to-day, and that is, that the
Secretary of the Navy is acknowledged every-
where, known by those who have known him,
acknowledged by those who now assail him, to
be a man of pure and spotless character, of irre-
proachable integrity, of almost Roman sternness
of manners and character. If that is not an as-
surance, I do not know what assurance the Senate
can have; and that, remember, is the assurance of
the honorable Senator himself. I protest, there-
fore, against this amendment. I think it uncalled
for; I think it unjust; 1 think it unworthy of the
Senate, and a gross piece of injustice to the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire, Mr. Presi-
dent, to continue this debate; but from the turn
which has been given to it by the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, I cannot quite afford
to be placed in the attitude of making an issue
with the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs in any effort he may make towards cor-
recting the abuses of the Department with which
he is so intimately connected; and that is the tend-
ency of the argument this morning. I took occa-
sion to say yesterday that I would second any
effort he would make in that direction, and would
gladly follow his lead whenever he would present a
case under circumstances where it would give us a
remedy against any evil of which he should com-
plain; and my argument was predicated on the
idea, first, that he proposed no remedy, and in the
second place that he offered us no evidence—no
remedy in the case conceded, and no evidence on
which to base our action. That is the predica-
ment to-day. If the honorable Senator will stand
here and say to the Senate: " I vouch for these
facts; I have examined into this case; I know of
what I say; this is not rumor; this isnotgathered
atsecond or third hand;" then, sir, we shall have
something upon which we can act; but I had
never supposed that action of an important char-
acter—the action of this body—could well be pred-
icated on reports of the other House; and 1 sug-
gest to the honorable Senator whether it is not
quite as well to leave the evidence in the posses-
sion of that branch who have started the investi-
gation, and see what they do. If tliey act, there
will be then some grounds for our action.
The honorable Senator supposes, looking about
for precedents, that he has been able to discover
a precedent somewhere, in some action of some
State Executive, and he thinks that ho has dis-
covered in the transactions of the executive depart-
ment of some State a case somewhat analogous,
where, upon the suggestion of the report of some
committee, the Executive of the State removed an
8fficer within his control, and over whom he had
the power, for malversation in office. If I had any
right to know to whom he refers, I might suggest
to him that it is very possible that that Execu-
tive may have acted upon evidence outside of the
report, and 1 might call upon him to answer how
it is that he supposes the action was predicated
upon the repoit. The argument fails upon an-
other ground, and therefore I do not press the in-
quiry. There is no analogy between the cases.
In that case the Governor had power over the sub-
ject and over the officer; in this we have none If
this were an argument addressed to the President,
there would be some analogy between the cases.
But, Mr. President, I have no desire to continue
the debate. I wish to say to the honorable Senator
now, that whenever he shall bring forward any
measure, and be responsible foi it, which shall
deal with ofliceis of this Government, and shell
propose a remedy, I will be found to go as far as
he will in pressing it to an effective conclusion.
Another reason why I was opposed to the meas-
ure, allow me to repeat here, was because it ef-
fected nothing, and it does not become the Senate,
in an indirect way to disgrace an officer, and still
\ leave him in his office. 1 would execute him, and
! execrate his memory afterwards. Letthis Senate,
j when it moves, move with an energy and with a
1 power which shall make it to be dreaded when it
; does act, and give no indirection whatever. I would
have this Senate adopt the principle contained in
the language ofagreatstatesman thirty years upon
this floor, who said that when he fought he wertt
for a funeral. This Senate, when it deals with
public officers for malversation in office, should
deal with them directly, and they should,under-
stand that the Senate is not only In earnest, but
that its action will be effectual.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to say aword
with regard to a remark that fell from the Senator
from New Hampshire about commercial usage in
reference to purchases of merchandise. I am not
ifamiliar with the usage in reference to the pur-
chase of ships; but I know that in all other com-
mercial transactions there is a distinction between
the compensation paid to a commission merchant
and that paid to a broker. I have no doubt that
when merchants in the city of New York purchase
ships through a broker, who merely goes to the
owner and gets the price and carries it to the
purchaser to see whether he will give it, one per
cent, is a full compensation; I know that is the
case in Boston in reference to dry goods; but it is
invariably the case that if a man employs a com-
mission merchant in either of those cities to make
a purchase he pays a commission of two and a
half per cent., because the commission merchant
acts on his discretion and knowledge of the sub-
ject, whereas in the case of the employment of the
broker he goes between the parties, and the judg-
ment of the purchaser is resorted to to determine
whether the purchase shall be made or not; the
broker has no more to do with it than the doge
has to do with what is going on in Venice. That
is the difference between a broker and a commis-
sion merchant. This man was a commission mer-
chant, employed as a commission merchant. It
is the usage established by the chambers of com-
merce in those cities to allow two and a half per
cent, for a commission merchant and one percent,
fora broker. In Providence brokerage is less than
many descriptions of work, whereas the commis-
sion is precisely the same. The brokerage in
Providence for almost all descriptions of manu-
factures is one half percent.; but two and a half
per cent, is allowed to a commission merchant for
making a purchase.
Now, the Senator says he wants business con-
ducted according to strictly commercial usage and
law. I do not suppose anybody thinks there is a
law regulating all these details; but no one doubts
that the Secretary of the Navy had the legal right
to employ either a broker or a commission mer-
chant. I do not mean to say but that it would
have been more proper, if this large amount ot
purchases was known to be necessary to be made,
to have employed a man at a salary. If you con-
cede that the fact that he was known to be em-
ployed by the Government would not tend to
induce people to impose on him, I think his judg-
ment would be as profitably exercised under a
salary as under a commission; but I have no doubt
these purchases could be made through a regular
merchant of good judgment a great deal better
than they could be through an officer of the Gov-
ernment known to be in the market for such arti-
cles for the Government; because I have never
known a man to go into the market for the Gov-
ernment but what there was a sort of predisposed
notion that they could fleece him in making a bar-
gain. I only meant to correct the gentleman about
the usage in purchases of this kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave my assent to this
amendment as a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and I should not be doing justice
to my colleagues did I not express my opinion.
1 am still of the opinion that the Senate ought to
adopt this amendment. What are the facts ? At
the last session of Congress, when the country was
in a peculiar position ofdifficulty, we intrusted the
Secretary of the Navy with discretionary power
to purchase vessels, without limit as to price or
amount. That power was intrusted with the Sec-
retary of the Navy; it was a high discretionary
power. What followed? The Secretary of the
Navy employed his brother-in-law to purchase
vessels. That was not objectionable in itself,
unless it was connected with other matters. It
seems that within a few days thi£*gent, employed
at the discretion of the Secietary of the Navy,
bought vessels to a very large amount, and that
j! the Secretary gave to this agentthesam of $51,004
| fora little less than two months'service. Ine
I ao-ent risked nothing, invested no money, had no
