THE CON-#EESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ten!ay morning, and which will give rise to no
debate. _ .
Mr. SHERMAN. By arrangement I cannot
give way to anything, This resolution will take
but a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will ask the Senator from Ohio
to allow me to introduce a bill simply with a view
to reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a few mo-
ments to dispose of this matter, and I hope it will
be taken up and disposed of now while we have
a full Senate.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone all prior orders, and take up the resolution
in relation to a quorum of the body.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask, as a ques-
tion of order, if that is not a privileged question,
asit relates to the business of the body, and whether
it would not come up without a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon the ques-
tion being raised, the Chair would feel bound to
rule that it was among the class of privileged ques-
tions. Upon the other suggestion now made by
the Senator from Vermont, the Vice President has
ruled that a privileged question even requires a
vote upon a motion to take it up. The present
occupant of the chair, as a temporary occupant,
does not feel at liberty to reverse any decision of
theVicePresident,especially when those decisions
have been acquiesced in by theSenate. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
Rcsolvti, That a majority of the Senators duly elected,
and entitled to seats 111 this body, Is a constitutional quorum.
Mr. SHERMAN. This question turns upon
the construction of two clauses in the Constitution,
which 1 will read. The first clause of the third
section of the first article provides:
« The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators Iran each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years, and each Senator shall have otic vote."
Under that provision of the Constitution each
State, whether great or small, has the same rep-
resentation in this body, has the right to send two
Senators here. Section five of the same article
provides:
" Each House shall ho the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members.
No man is n member of the Senate unless he is
duly elected, duly returned, and duly qualified;
nnd the Senate judges of I lie election, return, and
qualification. Then he is sworn in and becomes
a member of this body. "A majority of each"—
that is, a majority of "those who are entitled to be
membeis here, according to my construction of
the Constitution, a majority of those whose quali-
fications have been passed upon and are entitled
to take seats here—shall constitute a quorum of
this body. Then the same section provides:
"But a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and
may bu authorized lo compel the attcndancc of the absent
members in such a manner and under such penalties as each
Ilouse may provide."
The second clause of this section divides the
members of the Senate into two bodies or classes;
those are who present and those who are absent.
After they are duly elected, returned, and qualified,
then there are two classes of Senators; those that
are present and those that are absent. If a ma-
jority of those thus elected are present, they can
go on and transact the business intrusted to them.
If some of them are absent, those who are present
can compel the attendance of the absentees, and as
goon as there is a majority of those elected present,
they can go on and transact the business of the
body. That is my plain readingof the Constitution
of the Utilted States, and that construction has been
adopted by the House of Representatives underthe
circumstanccs by which we are surrounded. The
question was made at the beginning of this Con-
gress ; and I will state that the number of members
of the House of Representatives is fixed by law and
by the Constitu tionjust as imperatively as the num-
ber ofSenators is fixed by the Constitution. The
law fixes the number of members of the House of
Representatives at two hundred and thirty-three;
so that the same question was presented in the
House as in the Senate. It came up in the House
at the beginning of this Congress at a time when
the question was very important, but no more im-
portant than it has always been in the Senate; and
there it was decided that a majority of those en-
titled to take their seats constituted a quorum;
and that decision was acquiesced in by all parties,
and by all the members of the House. Indeed,
its very necessity compelled acquiescence in it.
A remark made by the honorable Senator, the
Presiding Officer of this body, that this question
had been up,and had been settled,struck me with
great force, especially-in a body like this, where
the Senate, from its nature, is conservative of its
own rules and anything that affects its own organ-
ization. Butthisquestion hasneverbeen presented
to this body in the form in which it is now pre-
sented. Heretofore there never has been more
than two or three difference between the whole
number of Senators; that is, twice the number of
States, and the number of those entitled to take
seats here. The question has never been presented
in precisely its present form. The Secretary al-
ways fixes the number of the quorum at the com-
mencement of the session, taking the whole num-
ber who could be possibly elected,and taking the
majority of that number; and that has been acted
upon rather by consent, by silence,as the quorum.
But this particular question was not presented in
any case that I could find in any of the precedents
that I have looked at. I looked at all the prece-
dents; and I find it has been decided both ways
in the House of Representatives. In the Senate
it has been simply acquiesced in. The arbitrary
rule fixed by the Secretary of the Senate in the be-
ginning of the First Congress has been acquiesced
in and lias never been changed; but I cannot find
any case in which the point was deliberately de-
cided that it must require more than a majority of
those legally elected. Usually, I believe, it has
almost always been the case, that the number of
persons legally elected equaled the number of mem-
bers to which the States were entitled in the Sen-
ate, and consequently the question could not be
raised except where there was an accidental va-
cancy in a State, and where a State, on account
of some political divisions, had neglected to elect
a Senator. Then there was a difference between
double the number of States and the number of
those elected; but the case has never occurred as
it has now.
Now, let me show the Senate the necessity of
this. If we do not adopt this rule, any accident
whatever may leave us without a quorum, and
may defeat all the pending business. The very
necessity of the case is an argument for the adop-
tion of this rule. If this rule is not adopted, either
now or at some future time the smallest State in
the Union, although it may contain less than one
hundred thousand inhabitants, may break up this
body. The opposite doctrine to that for which I
contend, is the doctrine of secession, the right of
a majority of the States, or a number of the States
to break up the Government. Take the smaller
States of this Union, the New England States for
instance, where their number ofSenators is very
large in proportion to their population. They
might at any time break up the Government by
withdrawing from this body. The three great
States of New York,'Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
with some seven orei ht million people, have but
six Senators here, and yet their Government may
be destroyed at any time, at the will of Delaware
and Rhode Island, as we are now situated; and
any two or three Senators may, if they oppose
any particular bill, by simply being absent from
this body, break us up and leave us without a
quorum for the transaction of the business of the
body. It seems to me the rule is very simple when
you come to analyze and look at it. It is simply
a constitutional question, and nothing can be
added to these two sections of the Constitution; so
that I do not think it necessary to discuss it fur-
ther. If we can adopt the resolution, as a matter
of course we can very easily dispose of the busi-
ness of the session by next Monday; and I am
authorized, if the resolution is adopted, to report
back a resolution fixing the adjournment at next
Monday; but until it is done, it would not be safe
for the Senate to fix any day of adjournment, be-
cause if we shall fix next Monday as the day of
adjournment, while important bills are pending,
and any accident should occur; if two or three
Senators should become sick, or any Senators
desire to break up the quorum, they would have
it in their power to do it; and it would not be safe
for the country while there is a single bill of im-
portance pending, for us to fix a day of adjourn-
ment, leaving it in the power of a very small mi-
nority to prevent us from transacting any more
business.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, the prospect
of an early adjournment is a very forcible argu-
ment in favor of the resolution introduced by the
Senator from Ohio; and were the question one
merelyofexpediency,itwould have somuch force
with me as to induce me to support his proposi-
tion. But I think a graver question probably has
never been presented to this body for its determi-
nation than the one involved in the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio. He says it may be in the
power of two of the smaller States in the Union to
deprive the three larger States of the benefits re-
sulting from the Constitution. Now, sir, if you
adopt his resolution, you put it in the power of
Delaware and Rhode Island to legislate for the en-
tire thirty-four States of this Union. If the other
thirty-two States shall fail to elect Senators to this
body, and Delaware and Rhode Island shall send
their four Senators to this body, three of those Sen-
ators will constitute a Senate within the meaning
of the Constitution, under the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio. That will enable them to le-
gislate for the entire thirty-four States composing
this Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is upon the supposi-
tion that the other States refuse to elect Senators.
Mr. CARLILE. Upon the supposition that
the other States fail to elect Senators. That is
the effect of his resolution. Now, sir, I think it
is only necessary to state that such will be the
effect of the passage of his resolution, to satisfy
the Senate that such a contingency never could
have been contemplated by the wise men that
formed the Constitution under which we are pro-
fessing to legislate. The very clauses of the Con-
stitution which the Senator read, I think, are
conclusive upon this subject. The third section
of article one says that44 the Senate of the Uni-
ted States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State." It is imperative. The language
does not admit, it seems to me, of doubt or of
misconstruction. "Two Senators from each
State" in the Union ; each State that composes
the Government. " The Senate of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof for
six years; and each Senator shall have one vote."
Now, sir, what constitutes a House? Not what
composes the Senate; but what constitutes a
House for the transaction of business? " A ma-
jority of each." A majority of the States rep-
resented in the Senate constitute a House com-
petent for the transaction of business:
" Each Ilouse shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
A majority of the Senate is competent to do
business; bpt when there is less than a majority
the power is conferred upon those present to send
for the Senators that are absent. It is no argu-
ment, and cannot be used to the Senate to govern
it in its determination upon this resolution—which
is to be decided under the Constitution that each
Senator has sworn to support—thatadifferentcon-
struction may have been placed by the House of
Representatives upon this section of the Consti-
tution.
Why, sir, if the Senator's resolution shall be
adopted, and Delaware and Rhode Island alone
are represented in the Senate, two Senators from
one of the States and one from the other may do
business. Why the necessity of ever sending for
absent Senators to constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness? It seems to me that the adoption of this
resolution would look as if this Senate itself viewed
the seceding States as no longer in the Union, as
if it had come to the conclusion that the Union
and the Constitution which forms it, are alone
applicable to the States that are yet in the Union
with an acknowledgment of their loyalty, and that
have never arrayed themselves against the Con-
stitution of the country.
I think, sir, that this resolution is of too much
importance to be decided without a consideration
much greater than can be given to it at this timej
and I trust that it will be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to postpone it until December next.
I move that it be postponed until the first Mon-
day of December next.
