1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
gentleman shall take up all the time. I will, how-
ever, yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr, BROWN, of Virginia. I desire to know
why the bridge to which the first section relates
is placed upon a different footing from all other
bridges. The third section prescribes a general
rule, and I desire to know why the Steubenville
bridge is specially provided for in this first section ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentleman.
The original bill was drafted for that purpose.
Other railroad companies have constructed their
roads to the banks of the Ohio river upon the west-
ern side, and they desired- to be included in the
provisions of the bill. This structure at Steuben-
ville has an advantage over most of the structures
further south on the Ohio river in this: that the
banks of the river are high at that point, and it is
an easy matter for the railroad company on their
approach to that river, to make a solid bridge at
the elevation determined in the case of the Wheel-
ing bridge as being the elevation necessary for
the free navigation of the river.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I would inquire
of the gentleman fiom Ohio if he is aware of the
fact that the company there on the Virginia side
had some difficulty with the Legislature of Vir-
ginia?
Mr. BINGHAM. I know the fact that the
Legislature of Virginia have acted in very bad
faith towards the State of Ohio as well as towards
that company.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I find a provision
here in the first section of the bill which seems to
bid defiance to the State authorities of Virginia.
If it is the design of this Government to author-
ize the construction of a bridge upon the shores of
Virginia in defiance of her authority, I protest
against it as the Representative of that district,
and as a Representative of Virginia. I can see
no other motive for making this particular bridge
an exception to the general rule prescribed in the
third section. I will vote for this bill ifitsfiiends
will consent to the striking out of the first sec-
tion, and will put the bridge at Steubenville on
the same footing as all others that may be con-
structed by the consent of the Legislatures of
Ohio and Virginia; otherwise I shall have to vote
against it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to say a word in
relation to something which fell from the gentle-
man from Virginia. He asked the gentleman from
Ohio if he was not aware that the Legislature of
Virginia was opposed to the building of this
bridge? 1 know something about the railroad
which crosses at the pointinquestion,andl know
that one of the best lawyers tn Virginia, the at-
torney general of the State, has given his legal
opinion that under the present law of Virginia
the company have a right to build the bridge,and
that no persons in Virginia can prevent them from
doing it.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask the friends
of the bill to amend the first section by inserting
after the word " structure," in the sixth line, the
words " in accordance with the charters granted
by the States of Ohio and Virginia," so that it
will read;
That the bridge paitly constructed across the Ohio river
at SteubonviMe, in iho ritalo of Ohio, abutting on the Vir-
ginia shore of said nver, is hereby dcciaiod to be a lawtul
structure, in accordance with the chancre gianted by the
States of Ohio and Vngima.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot consent to that, on
account of the bad faith of the State of Virginia,
and besides I cannot tell which is the Legislature
of the State.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Then it is intended
to force this measure through, against the will of
the Legislature of Virginia.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a word or two
to say upon this subject,and the first thing is, that
it comes with a \ery ill grace for any Representa-
tive from Virginia to object to the enactment of
this law. The records of the Congress of the
United States show that when Virginia desired
that she might have a structure across the Ohio
river, and it was resisted in the Supreme Court of
the United States by an injunction, and they
sought to get rid of that injunction by the enact-
ment of a law declaring the bridge a post route
and post road under the protectionof the Federal
laws, the interposition of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding, the State of Ohio recorded
every vote of her Representatives and Senators in
the House and Senate of the United States in favor
of the petition of Virginia, and the bill became a
law.
And now it is for Virginia to come here to-day
and say that she will respond to this kindness on
the part of the State of Ohio, by saying to her
that she shall not have a structure except on such
terms as she chooses to dictate. I understand
very well the condition on which the Legislature
of Virginia said we might build a bridge-across
the Ohio river, abutting on lands purchased by
our own money, paid for in our own money, hem
in fee simple under grants from the original pro-
prietors. Virginia does not own one square inch
of soil on either shore on which the structure is
to rest. It belongs to the corporators of these
two companies, and to no one else. But Virginia
comes and says that notwithstanding that, and
notwithstanding we propose to erect a structure
under the ruling of the Supreme Court in her own
case, of such elevation as will not interfere with
the navigation of the river, she will not consent
to it unless we pay her a bonus of some $300,000.
That is the reason why I cannot accept the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague allow me a
moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to my colleague,
but I hope he will not delay rac long.
Mr. COX. I desire to say a few words in re-
ply to some remarks that fell from the gentleman
from Now York. He opposes this bill in the in-
terest, I suppose, of the people of the West. His
interest is not at all local to his own home inter-
est—of course not. He predicates his opposition
on the belief that all those who are in favor of it
are railroad attorneys, and have nothing at heart
except the interest of the railroads proposed to
be benefited by this bill. That remark of the gen-
tleman from New York was gratuitous, and was
groundless. I do not believe that there is a rail-
road attorney connected with these roads in this
House. The interest which we of the West take
in this bill is the interest of our people. It is the
interest of commerce, and for the convenience of
passengers and traffic on railroads. This bill pro-
poses nothing exclusive to the railroads. It pro-
poses to yield to the river the same privileges that
it grants to the railroad, an easement, the right to
use both railroad and river for the benefit of com-
merce and communication—nothing more. It
does not propose to obstruct in any manner, sub-
stantial or otherwise, the navigation of the river.
It provides all the necessary means by which
that navigation shall go on as heretofore.
The gentleman from New York has said that
wherever these structures have been built across
navigable rivers all the commerce above the bridge
has become a failure; that towns have died out,
&c. Mr. Speaker, that is not tiue. It is true
neither in this country nor in England. I do not
know how it may be in the peculiar locality of
the Hudson, represented by the gentleman from
New York; but this I know, that it is not so in
Ohio. At Marietta and Zanesville there are rail-
road bridges across the Muskegum, which is nav-
igable by slack water for steamers. There is no
obstruction by these bridges to steamers, nor has
the trade of the river been lessened by their ex-
istence. The drawbridge permits the passage of
the steamboats. There are no sail-boats, no sloops
or vessels on the Ohio that might be impeded by
the height of their masts.
The gentleman is singularly at fault in his ref-
erence to England. At London, where there are
some half a dozen bridges across the Thames,
and where steamers, perhaps to the number of
fifty, pass up and down every ten minutes, the
bridges are no obstacles, for the simple reason that
the smoke-stacks arc so arranged as to be lowered
or laised by steam, when necessary, by a simple
arrangement of the machinery. There is no trou-
ble at all in making such arrangements on our liver
steamers. But that is not necessary. The bill
proposes drawbridges, and they are sufficient.
The bridges in London, too, are low compared
with that proposed to be erected under this bill. ((
The Ohio river is not navigable half the year. It jj
is dry for several months in the year, and frozen u
up for several months. The railroads now do the \
great bulk of-the business, and it is for the inter- '
est of commerce, both of the We§t and East, that j.
the facilities proposed by this bill" be given. 1'
I did not intend, Mr. Speaker, to detain the
House very long in regard to this matter. . But,
sir, the gentleman from New York threw out
something about a fraud being practiced on t*je
House in declaring this post road. Why, if pas-
sengers and freight are expedited in their trans-
portation, so also are the mails of the United
States. It has been decided by the United States
courtthatsuch a postroad is constitutional."There
is no question left on that point.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. BLAKE., I must resume the floor.
Mr. COX. I will yield the floor to my col-
league. The morning hour is nearly gone. I
want the bill passed.
Mr. BLAK.E. 1 ask the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Will not the gen-
tleman permit an amendment to be offered?
Mr. BLAKE. No, sir. I cannot yield.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. For the purpose
of offering an amendment?
Mr. BLAKE. I can yield for no purpose.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISQUALIFICATIONS O? COLOR.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to re-
port back an act (S. No. 237) to remove all dis-
qualification of color in carrying the mails, with
a recommendation that it do not pass. The com-
mittee, by a large majority, concur in that report.
I will state very briefly the reasons which im-
pelled me to come to that conclusion, without
stating, of course, the reasons that controlled the
action of other members of the committee.
In 18*25, some thirty-seven years ago, Congress
passed a law declaring that no other than free
white persons shall be employed in conveying the
mails, and that any contractor who shall employ
or permit any other than a free white person to
be employed m that work, shall, for every such
offense, incur a penalty of ten dollars. That law
has been on the statute-book for more than a third
of a century. Among all the petitions presented
during that time to this House and the Senate,
from people in all sections of the country, there
has not been, so far as I have been able to discover,
a single petition from any person, white or black,
male or female, asking for a repeal or modification
of this law. It has remained there by common
consent until the present time, and therefore I
think it unwise and inexpedient to pass the bill
at the present time, not being demanded by public
opinion.
In the second place, the repeal of this bill does
not affect exclusively the blacks of the country,
as generally supposed. It will throw open the
business of mail contracting and of thus becoming
officers of the PostOffice Department, not only to
blacks, butalso to the Indian tribes, civilized and
uncivilized, and to the Chinese, who have come
in such large numbers to the Pacific coast. These
last are not recognizcd there as entitled to the
nghtsand privileges of free while persons; but the
effect of this bill would be, as I say, to make offi-
cers of Government, as mail earners, of all these
classes of persons who obtain contracts of the
Department.
In the third place, it is necessary—and that is
