1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
the body. The Senator from Wisconsin can take
what he can make by his attack.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire is in the habit very often
of using that expression, and we know precisely
how to appreciate it.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Wis-
consin has made a very good speech, but I do not
see the bearing of everything that he has said in
regard to this matter. This is a simple question
as to whether the Secretary of the Navy shall
have the expenditure of a large amountof money.
I, for one, do not feel inclined to give it to him,
for the simple reason that he has acted unwisely
in the expenditure of a large sum of money here-
tofore made.
I do not know whether the Secretary of the
Navy is an honest man or not. I have nothing to
do with that question. I have simply to judge of
him by his acts. Was this an honest transaction?
He selects a relative—his brother-in-law—and
gorges his pockets with money that should be in
the Treasury of the United States for the purpose
of carrying on the affairs of this Government. He
enriches his relative. He was advised, after his
brother-in-law had acquired about $40,000 in
money, that the transaction was decidedly im-
proper. He had a fair opportunity to correct the
error which he had made, but he refused to do it.
Now, sir, I do not believe that Mr. Welles is an
honest man. I believe that if he had been honest
in this emergency, in this time of trial in this
country, he would not have permitted the Treas-
ury of theGovemment to be robbed in this way
for the purpose of enriching his family connex-
ion.
Nor do I believe that there is any doubt about
the facts in this case. The Secretary virtually
admits them to be true, in his report, and under-
takes to argue the question. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] yesterday, I be-
lieve, and the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] to-day says if this course had not been
adopted it would have cost the Government a
greatdeal more. This argument is predicated on
the simple proposition that there is but one man
who can buy vessels cheaply in this country, and
that is the brother-in-law of the Secretary of the
Navy. I repudiate this idea and this statement
entirely. Sir, are there no honest men in this coun-
try who can be employed to aid this Government
#fora reasonable and proper salary ? Are there no
honest merchants in Hartford, Connecticut, or in
Boston, or in New York, who can be employed
for the sum of $10,000 to give their services to the
Government for three months? Why, then, should
  the Secretary of the Navy give to lus family con-
nection the sum of $100,000 for rendering services
which can bo obtained for $10,000.
Mr. HOWE. For $2,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. Well, sir, for $2,000, if
you please. I do not agree with the Senator from
Wisconsin, that we are not here to oppose wrong
and corruption wherever we find it. As for me,
1 care not who the man is, what position he oc-
cupies, nor where he comes from; I will lift up
my hand against corruption and wrong now and
hereafter under all circumstances; but I have no
hope that I shall succeed, or that the Committee
on Naval Affairs will succeed. There has been
so much corruption in this Government, and it
has been blackballed so often in Congress, that I
have no idea there can be any vote or any action
of this Senate, or of the other House, that will
condemn this stealing in high places.
But, sir, that has nothing to do with my duty.
J have a simple vote to record, and a word of con-
demnation to utter, and I shall do it now in this
case; and I shall do it m every other case, if there
it not another Senator in tins body that does it.
1 thank the Committee on Naval Affairs for hav-
ing the manly courage to report that an officer that
has permitted the Treasury to be robbed, and that
in the interest of his own brother-in-law, shall not
do the same thing over again, by a bill and by a
vote of this House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Minne-
sota will allow me to saya word, ldo not under-
take to say what the facts are or what they are
not; but I have been informed in such a way that
I suppose it to be a fact, that before the employ-
ment of Mr. Morgan, the regular officers of the
Navy Department—Commodore Breese and oth-
ers—were employed jn the city of New York, and
two or three purchases were made under circum-
stances such as to lead the Secretary to suppose
that the Government had been imposed upon, and
had paid nearly double the value of two ships that
were purchased by Starbuck, or somebody, I be-
lieve, of that name. The Secretary of the Navy
refused to allow the amount unless verified by
their affidavits, and on one occasion rejected their
affidavits for being insufficient, insisting upon affi-
davits more direct and clear. I understand, also,
that the Secretary, desiring to avoid impositions
of this kind being practiced on the Government,
employed Mr. Morgan for the purpose, not by
making any general arrangement with him to pur-
chase vessels; but in the hurry of the moment,
when for a time Washington was cut off from di-
rect communication with the city of New York,
he employed him to break up two arrangements
that had already been made, the charter of the
Quaker City at $1,000 a day, and the charter of
some other vessel at a very large sum, which had
been made before Mr. Morgan was employed at
all. I understand that the first employment to
which Mr. Morgan was assigned was to break up
the chartcr party of the Quaker City, and he did
so, reducing the contract price from $1,000 to
$600; and on the charter of the other vessels, by
breaking it up and making a new arrangement, in
one transaction alone he saved to the Government
over four hundred thousand dollars. These were
the first two employments to which Mr. Morgan
was assigned, as I have been informed. There
was no general direction or engagement made with
Mr. Morgan for the purchase of vessels, but some
two or three vessels were purchased. More than
a month elapsed before anymore were purchased,
and the Government did not know from time to
time whether they would purchase more or not.
This is what I have been informed. These facts
do not appear in the report of this investigating
committee, and put altogether a different phase on
the tiansaction.
It is not true, as seems to be assumed, that the
Secretary of the Navy has been guilty of allow-
ing or consenting, either intentionally or by mis-
take, to the robbery of $100,000 from the Treasury.
The employment of Mr. Morgan has broken up
these fraudulent arrangements that were sought
to be practiced on the Navy Department, as they
have been practiced on the War Department, in
the purchase of vessels. It was with that view,
because Mr. Welles, honestman as he is conceded
to be, and known to all the world to be, desired
to save the Government from imposition and
fraud, that he employed this man especially to
attend to these two or three things in the first in-
stance, not knowing at the time how much would
be done for or by the Government; but the thing
has run on and run on until his commissions as
com mission merchant or broker, whatever you call
him, have amounted to this large sum of money,
just as much to the regret, I doubt not, of the
Secretary of the Navy as to your regret. It was
done at the time in the hurry of the moment, with-
out a thought of getting money from the Gov-
ernment or plundenng the Government for the
benefit of his brother-in-law, in order to break
up fraudulent arrangements already sought to be
practiced on the Navy Department. This is what
I am informed, though 1 do not undertake to
vouch for it; and it is because I am informed of
these facts that I object at this time, on this mere
ex parte testimony, to the condemnation of an offi-
cer who is conceded to be an honest man. The
whole question is at sea.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Wisconsin a single question. He seems to be in-
formed all about this matter fiom the Navy De-
partment. and he says the Secretary regretted very
much that it ran up so high; that he regretted it
as much as my friend from Minnesota.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not assume to speak
for the Secretary of the Navy; but I say that I
suppose it was as much to his regret as yours that
it ran up so high.
Mr. HALE. Oh! Then I should like to
know 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state 
Mr. HALE. I want to ask my question first.
If that is the case, I should like to know why,
after the Secretary was called on by the commit-
tee, and notified that under this arrangement the
amount to be paid to Mr. Morgan for two months'
services was $50,000, the arrangement was con-
tinued up to the commencement of the session ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My answer is simply this:
I advise the Committee on Naval Affairs to call
on the Secretary of the Navy and inquire.
Mr. HALE. When we want your advice we
will ask for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems to be quite cer-
tain that when the vote is taken upon this ques-
tion it will be taken by yeas and nays, and it is
quite evident that there is no quorum present. !Por
that reason I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to give way
for a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I counted once, and there
was not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied there is how.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I withdraw the
motion, as the Senator says there is a quornm
present.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Wis-
consin, in the remarks which he last made, at-
tempts to justify this act of the Secretary of the
Navy on the ground that Commodore Breese em-
ployed Mr. Starbuck to purchase certain vessels,
and that Mr. Starbuck defrauded the Government
out of some ten or fifteen thousand dollars, and
in order to prevent this fraud it became necessary
for the Secretary to commit another fraud; it be-
came necessary for him to employ his brother-in-
law, and pay him what everybody admits to be
decidedly wrong in order to get rid of these frauds
and difficulties. Now, sir, because Commodore
Brcese and Mr. Sturbuck defrauded Ihe Govern-
ment, does that prove that there is no honest man
in the country to do this duty without being; paid
$100,000 for it ? Does it prove that there is no
man in this country able and willing to discharge
these duties for a reasonable and proper salary ?
Not at all. Sir, I do not admit that there is no
man in the country but Mr. Morgan who can pur-
chase vessels for the Government and be honest.
Nor do I admit that there arc no honest business
men in the city of New York to do these duties.
I suppose it will be admitted by every Senator
that th9 services which Mr. Morgan performed
could be purchased for at most $10,000, and the
Secretary of the Navy has given him ninety or a
hundred thousand. If these things are proper, let
the Senator vote to let the Secretary of the Navy
do it over again. As for me, I never will do any
such thing.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have known
Mr. Welles for many years, and I believe him to
be an honestman. I have thought,and still think,
he committed an error in this matter; one that I
do not certainly wish to defend, or in any way to
explain or justify. 1 should like, however, to
know all the facts of the case, and the reasons for
his action. For that purpose, as I suppose we
shall not take the vote to-day, I should like to lay
this bill aside, and introduce a resolution of this
kind:
That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to report to
the Spnate the facts in regard to the employment of George
1). Morgan, of New York, to purchase vessels for the use
of the Government.
I want to get the facts. I want the Secretary
to speak for himself. Let us know the grounds
upon which he puts this case, and what are the
facts in the case. As we propose to strike him,
1 certainly hope we shall hear him before we strike.
Mr. HALE. I hope so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the Senator can only be received by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
none. The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate the fact-* in regaid to the employment
of George U. Morgan, of New York, to purchase vessels for
the use of th« Government.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] suggests that we acid the amount
of compensation. 1 propose to amend the reso-
lution by adding " and to report the amount of
compensation paid to him."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
so modify his own resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the benate
! adjourned.
