250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 9, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees for reports.
INTEREST ON CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the payment of interest
on a certain class of claims against the Govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims, and be printed.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I doubt the propriety of
referring that bill to the Committee of Claims. It
is not a private claim, butgeneral legislation: and
the Committee of Claims have nothing to do at
all with general legislation. I therefore move, as
an amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Now York, that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON. It is a subject which properly
comes before the Committee of Claims. We now
have it, and we have had it under consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. Unfortunately I have had
a great deal of experience m times past on the
Committee of Claims. This bill certainly is gen-
eral legislation. The Committee of Claims is
organized simply for the consideration of private
claims ngayist the Government, and it ought to
be restricted to its legitimate duties. This is a
very important principle which underlies the legis-
lation of the country, and certainly under the
organization of the House, and of the Committee
on the Judiciary, it ought to go to that committee.
I have no want of confidence in the distinguished
gentleman who proposes the reference of this bill
to the Committee of Claims, but I must insist
that the organization of the House shall be more
respected.
Mr. Mavnard's amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
frauds upon the) govjikxaient.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to punish frauds upon the Gov-
ernment; winch was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the establishment of a national
armory and arsenal at Gtuinoy, Illinois; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
committee on a national annoty, and ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. VALLANIMGHAM. I now insist on the
regular order of business.
.votj5 rkooiidkd.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask leave to record my vote
on the proposition ysierday in reference to mile-
age. 1 was absent at the time on business of a
comnuU.ce.
No objection was made.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire that my vote may be
recorded in favor of laying the resolution upon
the table.
TTIE KRANKINO PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up the bill abol-
ishing the franking pnvilege, which was post-
poned by a vote of the House to this day.
The SPEAKER. The regular order t>& busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. H>1)
abolishing the franking pi mlege which was post-
poned to this day.
Mr. COLFAX. I shall thank the Clei k to read
the bill, and then I will make a few remarks ex-
planatory of it.
Mr. DCELL. Id esire, at the proper time, to
ofler a substitute for this bii!, which has been
prin led.
The bill was lead. It provides that from and
after the 1st day of April, 1862, the franking priv-
ilege shall be abolished.
The second section authonzes all persons now
entitled to tin franking privilege to send all mail-
able matter through the maiis without prepay-
ment ot postage, tin- same having the name of tile
peison sending if wi itten or stamped theieon; and
upon all such mailable maU.-r the postage shall
be collected from the recipient.
The third section provides that the postage on
such mailable matter shall be at the rates now
fixed by law, except that speeches and seeds,
stamped as such, may be sent in envelopes, as
now, at the rate of one cent, if not exceeding two
ounces in weight, and one cent for every addi-
tional two ounces or fraction thereof; and public
documents, printed by the order of Congress and
stamped as such, at two cents per pound or frac-
tion of a pound. For any distance exceeding two
thousand miles, double these rates shall be charged
and collected on printed matter thus sent. Public
documents, during the recess, may be sent from
Washington to each member of Congress at his
residence, for distribution, without payment of
postage; but when mailed by him, postage shall
be collected on them from the recipients, at the
same rates as if mailed at Washington city.
The fourth section repeals all laws conflicting
with these provisions, so far as they conflict with
this law.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, a bill to abolish
the fuinking privilege has passed the Senate on
several different occasions, but has never yet
passed the House of Representatives. I believe
that such a bill has never yet received a favorable
repoit from the Post Office Committee of the
House until this session. This bill is reported
by the committee unanimously, with the excep-
tion of a single member, who reserves the right to
vote as he thinks proper after a discussion of the
bill.
It is well known to members of the House that
the franking privilege has been claimed as of great
benefit to the people, and opposition has been
made to its repeal on two grounds: that, in the
first place, the franking privilege is a privilege
which keeps open the connection between the
Representative and his constituents; and, in the
second place, that it permits the transmission of
documentary and congressional matters that may
be of interest to the members' constituents. The
committee, not desiring to make too radical a
change, has endeavored, as far as possible, in
abolishing this privilege, not to interfere with the
benefits claimed for the franking pnvilege. It
will be noticed that this bill proposes to put mem-
bers of Congress on the same footing as soldiers
of tiie Army. These are allowed, by the legis-
lation of last session, to send letters through the
mail without the prepayment of postage, leaving
tho postage to be collected from the recipient.
The same privilege is retained in this bill for
members.
The bill then provides that the postage on seeds,
speeches, and public documents shall be at the
lowest rates known now under our post office law.
The speeches and seeds, stamped as such, are to
| be carried in envelopes at the rate of one cent, if
! not exceeding two ounces in weight, and one cent
, for evei y additional two ounces or fraction thereof,
j Public documents, printed by order of Congress,
j and stamped as such, are to be carried at two
| eenls per pound or fraction of a pound. For any
! distance exceeding two thousand miles, double
| these rates of postage arc to be charged,
j There have been three plans suggested for the
j abolition of the flanking privilege. The one is to
| abolish it entuely, leaving members to prepay
I their postage as other citizens of the United States.
J This is the plan suggested by the gentleman from
New Yoik, [Mi. Duell,] in the substitute which
be has oflercd. I consider that this change is
too radical, as nine tenths of the correspondence
of membets is not on our own business at all but
; on the business of our constituents, they regard-
1 ing us as being sent here as their agents to attend
to the \anous matters of business which all large
I districts must have with the Government Depart-
1 ments in this cty. The second plan suggested
, is to furnish each member of Congress with $100
J worth of stamps, to be used during the session.
, This plan, it seems to me, would operate un-
1 equally, not in the amount of stamps given to
; mwnbcio, but from the fact that the correspond-
ence of members differs in quantity. Some mem-
bers fiom the western districts have much larger
■ correspondence than those from eastern districts.
I iefcr, for instance, to the business with the Gcn-
, eral Land Office. Every western member has to
; go to that department almost every day, while
1 caste rn membeis scarcely ever visit it. It is so m
ivi-aid to many other Departments. I fear the re-
sult of tins second ptoposition would be that we
! would find these stamns being sold around the
streets of this city by members who would not
have used all with which they were furnished.
The member who would only use twenty-five dol-
lars' worth during the session would, of course,
suppose that he had a right to dispose of the other
seventy-five dollars' worth as he pleased. I
think, therefore, that the adoption of this plan
would tend to bring the system into disrespect, as
the franking system has been brought into dis-
respect, as is shown by the communication from
the Postmaster Genera], which I had read to the
House a few weeks ago, and which states, among
other things, as follows: that "franked envel-
opes are being sold by sutlers and others, at one
and two cents apiece, to all who will buy them;"
that "such envelopes, bearingthe frank in blank,
are inclosed in letters directed to persons in va-
rious parts of the United States, to be used by
such distant persons to cover their own corre-
spondence in return;" that " whole packages of
such envelopes have been franked fraudulently
by persons in this city writing the name of a
member thereon, and thus sent into the camps to
be there disposed of."
The third plan proposed is that suggested by
the committee in the bill before the House. This
is to allow all persons who are now entitled to the
franking privilege—including heads of Depart-
ments, heads of bureaus, members of Congress,
and postmasters with salaries of less than §200
per year—to send letters as those of soldiers are
now allowed to be sent, without the prepayment
of postage, leaving that to be collected from the
recipient. I may be pardoned for thinking and
saying that this is the best plan, although 1 am
not wedded to the details of the bill. In the first
place, it does keep open the communication be-
tween the Representative and his constituents.
Members say to me, "Wc shall feel in duty
bound to prepay all our conespondence; it would
look mean and small not to do it." For my
pait, I should not do so. When the correspond-
ence is not on my own business, but on the busi-
ness of my constituent, I should expect him to
pay the postage, especially since the member is
paid nothing for his extra labor in attending to his
constituent's business. Where 1 should send let-
ters on my own private business, I would expect
to prepay them; and this rule every gentleman
would adopt.
In the second place, the adoption of this system
would swell the icvenue of the Post Office De-*
partmcnt. It was estimated by the last Postmas-
ter General that the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege would save to the Government $1,800,000 in
the diminished cost of transportation and the in-
creased revenue of the Department. I do not con-
cur in that estimate of the Postmaster General, for
I think ittoo high. But I regard it as probable that
$1,000,000 might be realized if the franking priv-
ilege were abolished; and it is worth while for us
to consider whether this is not an amount which
we should look to in times like these. 1 should not
like to be one of those members who would go
home and tell their constituents that they voted to
impose a tax of twenty cents per pound on tea and
five cents on coffee to assist in liquidating,among
other things, the deficiency m the revenues of the
Post Office Department, and had voted against
abolishing thefrankingnrivilege, which occasions
a large amount of this deficiency.
In the third pbee, the adoption of the rule,
l which I thinkis the right rule, would require those
| ofourconstituentswhoreceivespeechesand books
I from us to pay postage on them. No mcmbercan
send them to all his constituents, and docs not
expect to do it; but those who receive them should
pay the small amount of postage which we pro-
vide for.
I have seen a very able article published in the
New York Times against this bill, written by a
gentleman who is identified with the subject of
postal reform. His objection to the bill is that it
introduces another rate' of postage, added to the
numerous rates now existing. I would say in
reply to that article, that I am as much in favor
of simplifying the rates of postage as any person.
I believe these rates of postage should be codified
and brought, down to a few simple, distinct rates.
But, unfortunately, wc have found ourselves so
pressed with business that we have not been able
to do (his. We hope, howe\cr, to be able io make
a report on this subject at the opening of the next
session of Congress. This additional" late is sim-
ply that of two cents per pound on public docu-
