2232-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
one, reason evidently which induced the passage
of the original law—it is necessary to have testi-
mony by which you can convict mail depredators.
Now, in some of the States of this Union—I do
not say where they are. for they arc not confined
exclusively to one section—in some of the States
Indians and negroes, and in Californiaand Oregon
the Chinese also, are not allowed by the statutes
of the State to give testimony in the courts against
white persons. Grentlemen may say that such
Jaws are unjust and improper, but the Congress of
the United States cannot change them if we would.
They are upon the statute-books of the States; and
in the United States courts, sitting in the various
States, the rules of evidence of these States are re-
garded as the rules of evidence for the courts. In
every State of this Union free white persons are
eligible witnesses, and any carrier, from whom the
mail may be robbed while under his charge, can
testify against the robber. But when you lepeal
the law of 1825, and allow persons to be mail con-
tractors who are not legal witnesses, they could
not testify against a thief who robbed the mails be-
fore their eyes; and you thus impair the security
of our mail-bags and their contents.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make one in-
quiry of the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 cannot yield at present.
Mr. DAWES. Just a single word.
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to yield.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wished to ask the
gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is out of«order. When a gentleman
declines to yield, he is entitled to occupy the floor
without interruption.
Mr. DAWES. I thought pot-haps the gentle-
man would be willing to answer the question.
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to yield until I have
finished what I have to say. My remarks will
be very brief, and at the end of them I will answer
any question.
In the fourth place, this bill will effect a greater
change than gentlemen, whom I infer by their
desire to question me are in favor of Us passage,
probably suppose. By this bill, if it is to pass,
you would allow all over the South the employ-
ment by the slaveholder of his slaves, to carry the
mail, and to receive compensation for the labor of
such slaves out of the Federal Treasury. By the
present law, not a dollar is ever paid out of the
Post Office treasury to any slaveholder for the
labor of his slave. If they obtain contracts for
carrying the mails in the South, where that " in-
stitution" is recognized, they are compelled to
employ and to pay free white persons as mail car-
riers, and I think this is right. Only this class of
persons are permitted to be engaged anywhere in
the United States as mail contractors or mail car-
riers for the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I am furthermore authorized by
the Postmaster General to say that he has not
recommended the passage of this bill, nor does he
regard it as promotive of the interests of the De-
partment. 1 cannot find that it is asked for by
anyofiicialorprivatecitizen throughout the length
and breadth of this land.
Another reason impels me to oppose its passage.
I cannot see anything in it which would directly
or indirectly aid to any extent in the main work in
which this Congress should be engaged in crush-
ing out this rebellion, and crippling the power of
those who are engaged in it. Thar, as it seems
to me, is  ur paramount duty, towering above all
other duties; and hence I have joined, with my
colleagues on the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, in reporting adversely on this
bill.
If, however, the House is prepared to pass this
bill, opening the contracts for carrying the mails
to all persons whatsoever, there is no reason that
I can imagine why all persons, whether they are
" free white" or not, should not be employed as
clerks in the Post OiHce Department, for the ser-
vices required of them are far less important and j
involve far less responsibility than those required 1
of mail contractors. The duties of the clerks are
simply ministerial, and it is of less consequence,
comparatively, that they should be responsible
men, than it is that mail contractors, who have
under their care the entire correspondence of the
country, should be reliable persons. I, for one, am
not prepared to change the law until, at least, it ia
demanded by public opinion or by those officials
who have on them the grave responsibilities of the
Post Office Department; and believing that it will
very much weaken the security of the mails and
increase the number and facilities of mail depre-
dators; and believing,asl have attempted to show,
that it would be injurious to the service, I have
reported with my colleagues on the committee
against the measure.
1 will now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for any question which he may wish to
ask.
Mr. DAWES. I simply wanted a little inform-
ation 
Mr. COLFAX. All I desired was to finish my
speech without interruption. I am ready nowto
answer any question.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman wants
his speech to go as a whole, and I should think,
with such a speech, he would.
Mr. COLFAX. After the gentleman's last re-
mark, 1 must decline to yield. I am willing to
yield to any gentleman who asks me courteously,
but not otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, I will apolo-
gize to the gentleman from Indiana,and say that I
should not think he would want his speech to go
as a whole. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman. I claim the right to which I am entitled
under the rules, when I have entered upon remarks
to conclude without interruption. I am willing
to yield for any respectful question and to answer
it, but I have the right to say, without discourtesy
to any one, that I will not yield until I have fin-
ished what I have to say.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman concluded,
on the whole, not to yield to me?
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I take occasion to say that no-
body avails himself of the courtesy of others to
interrupt them oftener than my fuend from In-
diana, or I should not have attempted to have
broken in upon the few remarks which he seemed
desirous to have so entire.
The gentleman seems to have found a stumbling
block in the way of this bill in the fact that you
could not detect depredations upon the mails if
they were carried by colored persons, for the rea-
son that in some of the States colored persons,
and oven Chinamen, are not permitted to give test-
imony in the courts, and that although that might
seem very bad and wrong, yet we could not pre-
vent it, inasmuch as we could not alter the laws
of the States. Now, the inquiry I wanted to ma'ke
of the gentleman from Indiana is, whether he sup-
poses depredators upon the mails are tried in the
State courts or whether they are tried in the Uni-
ted States courts; and if the latter, whether he and
I do not make the laws of the United States and
the courts of the United States, prescribing who
shall testify and who shall not? That is the in-
quiry I desired to make. It was a simple one, and
I am sorry it has hurt the gentleman's feelings.
Mr. COLFAX. Passing over the satirical re-
marks of thcgcntleman from Massachusetts, un-
worthy of himself, with the simple observation
that I believe I have never asked him to yield but
once, and that I have never persisted in interrupt-
ing any gentleman when he has expressly de-
clared that he declined to yield, I answer that
those cases arc tried in the United States courts.
Not being a lawyer, and not understanding, there-
fore, all the rules which govern the proceedings of
the courts, I however say that I am informed by
those who are lawyers that the rules of evidence
in force in the States, respectively, are adopted by
the United States courts in such States. And the
gentleman from Massachusetts, who is a lawyer,
ought to have known the fact, and knowing it,
ought not to have asked me such a question. I
now yield to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe,] who I understood desired to ques-
tion me.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indiana
has not quite answered me.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that this
bill authorizes the employment of persons of color
to carry the mails.
Mr. COLFAX. It removes a disqualification
which a former act placed upon all who are not
free white persons.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I very much approve the
decision to which the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads have come on this subject.
When I first saw this bill my inquiiy was what
was the meaning of it. I was told that it was in-
tended to remove a probable disability of two dis-
tinguished men. It docs not refer to the African
race, it does not say slave, it does not say free
negro; it only removes the disability of color. It
provides that no colored man shall be excluded
from obtaining a contract to carry the mails. I
am told that there arc some persons who might
come under the head of colored who are very dis-
tinguished men, and that this was intended to
remove the disqualification in regard to them.
[Laughter.]
But, sir, I differ with my friend from Indiana
in some respects about this bill. I agree in the
main with the reasons which he gives, that the
passage of this bill will give insecurity to the
mails, not to speak of the sanctity of a law which
has been on your statute-book for thirty years,
and which, as the gentleman says, has never been
called in question by any statesman or patriot.
If I am not mistaken, the law which this bill
proposes to repeal was originally enacted to ex-
clude some men in the South who were in the
habit of obtaining mail contracts and employing
their negroes to drive their stages and carry the
mails. The law was made to prevent that prac-
tice, and, in my judgment, very properly made.
But if we are to carry out this programme, if it
is intended to make the soldiers in our Army and
sailors in our Navy the slaves of the country, you
had better go the whole figure at once.
Mr. COLFAX. I yielded to the gentleman from
Kentucky, supposing he had a question to ask in
relation to the bill, not for a speech. I now move
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I think the gentleman from In-
diana, unintentionally, does injustice to this bill
in this, that it does not contemplate such a change
of the law as allows the employment of slaves in
carrying the mails. The original law is that no
one but free white persons shall be allowed to carry
the mails.
Mr. COLFAX. The fact is now that a slave-
holder cannotemploy his slave in carrying the mail
after he obtainsa contract. If you remove the pro-
hibition he can, after he obtains a contract, employ
his slaves in doing that work, when, by the pres-
entlaw, he is compelled to hire free white persons.
The House will see that this bill repeals the en-
tire section of the former law. The first part of
the bill might correspond with what the gentle-
man says; but the latter part of it is as sweeping
in its results as I have represented. I will ask
the Clerk to read the bill. It is very brief.
The Clerk read the bill, which enacts 44 that
from and after the passage of this act no person,
by reason of color, shall bo disqualified from em-
ployment m carrying the mails; and all acts and
parts cf acts establishing such disqualification, in-
cluding especially the seventh section of the act of
JShtrch 3, 1S25, are hereby repealed
Mr. COLFAX. The House will see that the
bill is as broad in in its operations as I have stated.
I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the special order comes up, being House
bills Nos. 471 and 472. Both bills are before the
House for debate, and debate must be confined to
the discussion of the bills. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is entitled to the floor.
The bills are as follows:
A bill to confiscate the property of rebels for the payment
of the expense:? of the present rebellion, and foi other pur-
poses.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
nil the estate and propeily, money, stocks, ciechis, and ef-
fects of the persons hereafter named in tins section, are
hereby foifeited to the Government of the United States,
and ale declared lawful subjects of seizure and of prize and
capture wherever found, for the indemnity of the United
States against the expenses of suppressing the piesent re-
bellion—that is to say: Fiis-t. Of any person Jieieatter act-
ing as an officer of the army or navy of the rebels in arms
against the Government of the United States. Secondly.
Of any person hereafter acting as president, vice president,
member of congress, judged any court, cabinet officer, for-
eign minister, commissioner or consul of the so-called con-
federate Stales ol America. Thirdly. Ot any person acting
as governor of a State, member of a convention or legisla-
ture, or judge of any couitof the so-called confederate States
