TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
©eccmber, 1812. On the 3d November twenty
members appeared and the business proceeded.
Memoranda relative to the formation of a quorum in.
the House of Representatives.
At the commencement of the Government, the
House of Representatives was formed under that
provision of the Constitution which specifies the
number of Representatives to which each State
Shall be entitled; and the whole number to which
the thirteen original States wore entitled amounted
to sixty-five.
But at the meeting of the First Congress only
eleven States had ratified the Constitution; and
these eleven were entitled to send fifty-nine mem-
bers to the House of Representatives. It was not
until thirty members had appeared that the House
■was considered as being formed—" a quorum con-
sisting of a majority of the whole number being
present."
At the second session there were twelve States
entitled to sixty-four members; " and a quorum
of the whole number being present," the House
proceeded to business. At the third session the
same.
At the second session of the Seventh Congress,
there were sixteen States entitled to one hundred
and forty members; of whom there appeared, on
the 7th December, 1802, sixty-seven members,
which number was considered " a quorum," be-
ing " a majority of the whole number of qualified
members;" and the House proceeded to business.
In this case, seventy-one would have been a ma-
jority of the whole number.
November J3,1804—The House met pursuant
toad journment. " But a quorum of the whole num-
ber not being present,"theHouse adjourned,&c.
Tuesday, February 21,1805.—The House met.
" Hut a quorum of the whole number not being
present," the House adjourned, &c.
Tuesday, February 28, 1805.—Ditto.
December 7,1808.—-A question arose on which
the yeas and nays were taken, and it appearing
tlmt only forty-four had voted, it was determined
that a " quorum consisting of a majority of the
whole number of members was not present." But
a call of the House having been ordered, the ques-
tion was again put, and fifty-nine members hav-
ing voted, they were considered "a sufficient num-
ber of members to form" the same, " having ap-
peared and taken their scats in tho House."
At this time the whole number to which all the
States were entitled in the House of Representa-
tives was one hundred and forty; and a quorum
or a majority of the whole number would have
been seventy-one; yet fifty-nine, as above stated,
wore considered a quorum—being, it is presumed,
although not so stated, a majority of the qualified
members.
June 27, 1809.—A question arose on which the
yeas and nays were tturcn, and sixty-eight mem-
bers having voted, the following entry was made
on the Journal, viz:
" It having appeared by the forcKolngvotc that a quorum,
consisting of a majority of the tvkolenumbcr 0/mcmSws, not
being present."
In this case, as in the last mentioned, the whole
number of Representatives was one hundred and
forty, and a majority sevonty-ono, which major-
ity, it would seem, m this case, (contrary to the
last,) was considered a quorum.
Juno 28, 1809.—A question being taken, "it
appeared that a quorum, consisting of a majority
of the whole House, was not present;" where-
upon a call of tho House was made.
" Pursuant to the above order, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to the said call, when it appeared that
seventy-five members, exclusive of the Speaker,
were present, and answered to their names,"and
the business proceeded—seventy-one still being a
majority of the whole number.
February 3,1810.—"The House met pursuant
to adjournment; when a quorum, consisting of a
majority of the whole House, not being present,"
the House adjourned.
February 26, 1811.—A question being taken,
and a quorum not appearing, " the names of the
members were called over by the Clerk, for the
purpose of ascertaining those present; when the
following members, exclusive of the Speaker, an-
swered to their names," &c. Seventy members
answered; " and a quorum not being present,"
the House adjourned. Tho whole number was
still one hundred and forty, and seventy-one a
majority,and although seventy-one were present,
including the Speaker, they were not considered a
quorum. This brings a new point into view,
namely, that when a Representative was elected
Speakerof the House, his presence,assuch, would
have no influence in the formation of a quorum.
On the next day, seventy-eight members appeared,
and the business went on.
The foregoing are the only cases calculated to
test the practice of the House of Representatives
regarding the formation of a quorum; it may be
proper to state, however, that on the annual meet-
ing of the House, the terms generally used upon
the Journal, to show that a sufficient number of
members had appeared, were "a quorum, consist-
ing of a majority of the whole number of mem-
bers of the'House, being present," &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution until the first Mon-
day of December next. It is, perhaps, proper
the Chair should suggest that he has not, under
the rule, called for the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, as the special order,
treating the question now under consideration as
a privileged one. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to proceed with the special order, the Chair
will entertain a motion to that effect, to postpone
thefurther consideration ofthe present resolution,
although the question now before the Senate is on
postponing it to the first Monday of December.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that motion will pre-
vail. I do not believe there is any use in spend-
ing the whole day in discussing this question of
a quorum. The bill we had under consideration
when the Senate adjourned yesterday can be dis-
posedof, I apprehend, in avery fewminutes; and
as there may be a committee of conference upon
it, it may be important that it be acted on speedily.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to discuss this
question any further.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California has the floor on the question under
Mr. GRIMES. There are several gentlemen
who propose to discuss it—the Senator from Con-
necticut and others. I do not think there is any
necessity for having any apprehension on the sub-
ject of a quorum. We have forty-two Senators
"here now. We had forty yesterday; and I see the
Senator from Kansas |Mr. Pomerot] in his seat,
who was then absent, and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] who was then absent; so that I
think there are forty-two now here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. NesmjthJ has gone, I am told.
Mr. GRIMES. Then we have forty-one; and
only thirty-five are required.
Mr, McDOUGALL, I am not disposed to pur-
sue this argument, particularly as I think there is
very little necessity for it, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Iowa; but, as the matter is up 
Mr. CARL1LE. At the requestof the Senator
from California, 1 withdraw the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is a pure question
of constitutional law, as to the construction of an
article in the Constitution, which is to be construed
like any other law, not subject to the action of this
Senate;and the question is'simply this: what is the
true construction of the law ? We have the pre-
cedents in this body and in the House of Repre-
sentatives ;but we have what is more authoritative.
This provision of the Constitution, in terms, has
been adopted in all the States of the Union. They
use the exact phraseology, and they use the same
phraseology when by law they incorporate an in-
ferior municipality, as a city or town; they use
the same phraseology in regard to a quorum when
they incorporate business corporations—"a ma-
jority of the members shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business." Jn a multitude of
instances tho question has come before our various
courts, whether the majority spoken of was a ma-
jority of the members elected and having at the
time the right to a place, or a majority of the full
body. The acts of city corporations, town cor-
porations, business corporations, are all the sub-
ject of legal inquiry; and the sufficiency of their
action, in particular instances, has been tested by
the courts, and the same rule of constructio.n in
those instances obtains as should obtain in this
case as to what this term of constitutional law
means. I had occasion at one time, to maintain
the position assumed by the Senator from Ohio,
in a case of great importance, involving large in-
terests, and it went to the supreme court- of the
State; it was elaborately argued; the authorities
were collected from Great Britain and all parts of
the Union; and I became notonly of the opinion,
but altogether satisfied, that there was no room for
doubt as to what the true construction of these
words was.
The position assumed by the Senator from Ohio
would make the competent body to legislate a
changeable body from day to day; it would be in
the power of any member, by resigning, to change
the number of persons sufficient to make a law;
there would be no rule as to the sufficiency of the
body for the purposes of legislation. The Con-
stitution designed and all this legislation designed
a certain fixed rule as to who s*hall have sufficient
power to legislate for this Government, to legis-
late for a State, to legislate for a town or city, or
to legislate for a private corporation. I say this
has been a matter of inquiry in the highest courts
of the country, and it has been long and I may
say uniformly determined that it requires a ma-
jority ofthe persons who may, under the organic
law, fill the office, not those who may actually fill
the office at the time. Before even the business
of a private corporation can be transacted, there
must be a majority of the board of directors of a
full board. Suppose a board of directors is com-
posed of eleven in a private corporation, and there
are five vacancies, four cannot legislate for that
corporation; the vacancies must be filled,or there
must be a quorum voting in favor of the proposi-
tion; that is, if there were six remaining, the six
could act, but it would take their joint act. Sup-
pose there were only five remaining, would three
constitute a sufficient number to make a la*v? It
would not, as a matter of course, and people in
business transactions would nothazard theirprop-
erty in private corporations in this manner. The
same rule obtains there that obtains here, because
it is simply the construction of a law, and the law
of a private corporation is as much a law as this,
only not of the same dignity. It is to be construed
by the same rules; and we have had the experi-
ence of England and of this country and for a long
time the practice in public legislative bodies and
in private legislative bodies, because you may call
the business of a private corporation, to a certain
extent, legislative, and we have had the opinion
of the ablest courts in England and the United
States upon the subject. I do not think it a mat-
ter now open to question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. I regret, Mr. President, that
this matter is pressed upon the Senate at this time.
I believe it to be unnecessary, because 1 believe
there will be no difficulty in keeping a quorum of
the body present, or one readily at hand, if we
proceed, as it is our duty to do, with the legiti-
mate business of the Senate now before us. There
need be no difficulty in getting a majority of the
members of the Senate, as it is legally constitu-
ted, to vote on every such question readily and
promptly. The difficulty, as I apprehend, is that
matters are brought here that are not legitimate,
or else that legitimate matters are debated until
everybody is tired, worn out, and then members
go away. If we would, in the first place, bring
forward nothing but what was legitimately proper
for our action, and if, after it liad been thoroughly
debated, we would allow it to come to a vote, there
would be no trouble about a quorum.
I do not propose at this stage of the session to
argue this question at any length, but simply to
enter my protest against any decision which this
body can make or attempt to make in violation of
the Constitution. The proposition before us is,
in effect, a call upon the Senate to establish a rule
in utter disregard of the text of that Constitution.
The Constitution declares that—
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from oach State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years, and cach Senator shall have one
vote."
Mark the phraseology, " the Senate ofthe Uni-
ted States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State." We ascertain, then, the number of
States m the Union; we double that number,and
we have the£5en'ate. There are thirty-four States
in the Union, and with two Senators from each
