1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
are as skillful and scientific as any surgeons any-
where in the United States. It does not follow,
because the most of our surgeons are skillful and
scientific men, that there are not some who are
entirely incompetent.
I hold that when defects are pointed out in the
organization of the Army, defects palpable to every
man who will take the trouble to look into the mat-
ter, the remedy ought to be instantly applied.
That is the duty of this Congress. So it is in this
case. Letters come to us every day from fathers
and mothers, appealing to us to do something to
protect the lives of their sons from disease who are
bravely fighting the battles of the country against
this rebellion. I have called the matter to the at-
tention of this House, and it does not become any
member to designate a simple article known to so
many of us to be true as scurrilous and unworthy
to be offered here. I think the House will not
agree with the gentleman from Illinois in his crit-
icisms.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The scurrility of
the article is palpable on the face of it.
Mr. STEVENS. As there is a guerrilla war
growing up here, and ns it is evident that we can-
not get through with this bill this morning, I ask
the gentleman from Illinois to yield to me to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tax bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot yield
for any such motion at this time. I will occupy
but a few moments, and will then move that the
bill be laid upon the table. I think that that will
dispose of this whole subject.
Mr. Speaker, I think that the scurrility of the
article which the gentleman from Ohio had read
is patent on its face; and I hope that my friend
has benefited by my judgment of the bad taste of
having such articles read in this House. I trust
that he will never again send such an article up
to the Clerk's desk to be read. He admits the
truth of my criticism, for he found it necessary
to relieve the surgeons who were his friends from
the imputation which that article cast upon the
surgeons in our Army. He felt it to be his duty
to come to the rescue of those friends. With that
remark, I will leave the subject of the good or the
bad taste of having that article read in this House.
If there be any necessity for an mcreeiseof the
medical corps of the Army, I do not think that
this is the way in which to accomplish that pur-
pose. You cannot increase the skill and efficiency
of the medical corps of the Army by promotion
only. To take ten or fifteen or twenty surgeons
from the regular Army, increase their pay and
rank, and put stars or eagles upon their shoulder
straps, is not the way to increase the skill and
efficiency of the Army.
Mr. OLIN. Wilt the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not now. The
gentleman from New York,when he interjects him-
self into my remarks, makes such long speeches
that I cannot yield to him now, because I want to
have this question speedily disposed of.
This, 1 undeistand, is a bill to increase the effi-
ciency of the medical corps of the Army. I do
not think that promotion is the proper way to
securc that object. It seems to me that this bill
rather provides for increased rank and for in-
creased officers than for any other purpose. I do
not charge, however, that such has been the pur-
pose of the Committee on Militaiy Affairs. I
have no doubt that they have had a laudable pur-
pose m view, but this bill will not cany out the
object they design. This bill will only swell the
proportion of the medical corps of the Army with-
out increasing us efficiency. At this time, when
the rebellion is being so uipidly put down, and
when, by the heavy blows it ha-; received in the
West, it is near its extinction, 1 do not think that
it is proper to be increasing the corps of the Army
which will have soon to be largely reduced. It is
now time to stop the process which has been go-
ing on here of swelling the different corps of the
Arm v.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have almady
refused to yield to the gentleman from New York,
and i cannot yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
I move that the bill be laid upon the table; and
on that motion I demand tellers.
'IViieis were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Calvert were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 30, noes 60.
_ Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, withdrew the mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tax bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion until we dispose of
the pending bill. I will call the previous question
on it.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itselfinto the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday they were engaged in the
consideration of the twentieth section, to which
the following amendment was pending, moved by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White:]
Strike out the words " after the receipt of the collection
list," and inseit in lieu thereof the word •' theieafter j'"1 *.o
that it will read :
With respect to persons who shall not attend according
to such notification^, and s>ueh as are liable to p<iy duties
or taxes at any other time or time?, it shall be the duty of
each coliectoi . in person or by deputy, to apply once at their
respective dwelling& within such di^tuct, and liieie demand
the duties? or tuxes payable by such persona, which appli-
cation shall be made within twenty days thereafter.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I do not know what
the Committee of Ways and Means think in re-
gard to the number of deputies that each collector
will have to employ. As the bill now stands, each
collector within ten days after he receives his list
from the assessor, will be obliged to advertise that
he will meet the people at a certain place in each
assessment district. On the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, it has been amended so as to
read, within not less than ten days after the notice.
As I stated before, this is impossible, and I am
now only searching for some mode which will
make it practical to carry into execution this sec-
tion of the bill. The people of the West are not
much accustomed to taxation. I think that only
a very few articles of household property are
enumerated in annual assessments. As I under-
stand the bill, licenses are to be applied for in the
month of May. Whether the bill contemplates
that licenses may be applied for for other pur-
poses, I do not know, but at all events, the listof
licenses which the assessor is to furnish in the
month of May and the list of articles of house-
hold property, are all the lists which he has to
fui nish. Now the time for that purpose is too short,
for it is an onerous duty, and requires the collector
to call at the house of the party assessed. I doubt
the wisdom of that provision. It can be done in
populous cities, but it would be inconvenient if
not impracticable at the West; and as every per-
son knows what he has to pay, it should be his
duty to call upon the collector or upon his deputy.
1 would not object to withdrawing my amend-
ment, and leaving it to the Committee of Ways
and Means to make this section as it should be.
To the amendment of my colleague, postponing
the call ten days, there should have been added
another provision, that it should not be more than
twenty days; and then, as at the expiration of
that time the collector has to call at the house, I
propose by my amendment to give him twenty
days to do it in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it un-
fortunate that the amendment first proposed in
reference to this matter was adopted by the com-
mittee. It is apparent that some time must be
fixed when this tax shall be paid. Now, the ob-
jection that persons will not be ready within ten
days might just as well apply to any other point
as to that point of time. If persons are not ready
at the tune nairw-d m tin: hill, and fuither time is
given to them, they will be just as unready then
as at the time appointed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think it would be better
that no further amendment should be adopted, and
that we should make the bill correspond to this
amendment; and that when the bill comes before
the House we should reject the words," not less
than ten days," and allow the bill to stand as it
was originally, "within ten days."
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I offered yes-
terday an amendment to this twentieth section, and
I now renew it. It is to strike out in line sixty-
two, after the word " profession," the words "or
any other articles exempted from distress, on ex-
ecution by the laws of any State." I propose the
amendment because I think this provision comes
directly in conflict with the constitutional provis-
ion—that relating to internal taxes—which reads
as follows:
f< The Congress shall havepovverto lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises to pay the debts and provide
for the common defense and general welfare of the United
States; but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
I think this clause of the bill, as it stands, comes
in conflict with that provision. The Constitution
contemplates uniformity not only in the assess-
ment of taxes, but in the mode and manner of their
collection. Now, I understand that this bill has
been amended so as to exempt from its provisions
articles exempt from levy, seizure, and sale for
taxes in the different States. If there was a uni-
formity in the different States in this regard, the
bill would be well enough. But that uniformity
does not exist. It was stated by a gentleman yes-
terday that in his State the articles exempt from
levy and sale for taxes are the same as those ex-
empt from levy and sale under execution. I dare
say you will find different provisions in different
States in that regard. In Pennsylvania we do not
exempt any property from sale for taxes.
Mr. WADSWORTI-L I asked a gentleman
from Ohio the other day whether he knew of any
State which exempts any pioperty from sale for
the payment of taxes. If the bill be amended by
inserting m line sixty-three, after the word "ex-
ecution," the words " for taxes," it would oper-
ate in this way: it would exempt property from
restraint for taxes in one State which would not
be exempt in another State. I think the whole
proviso should be stricken out, or that we should
specify the articles to be exempt.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I was going to
say that in Pennsylvania we exempt property to
the amountof $300 from execution, while we make
no exemption from the payment of taxes. The
result of the provision will be that you can reach
every dollar of property of a citizen of Pennsyl-
vania for the purpose of paying taxes, while in
other States, where exemption is allowed, you can
only press the collection to a certain extent. Then
it is not uniform. We can adopt but one of two
courses—either specially designate a schedule of
articles to be exempt from levy and sale for taxes,
or to strike out this proviso altogether. I prefer
the latter couise. I think it better to pass a tax
bill without any exemption whatever. I am in-
clined to think that the adoption of any exemp-
tion law will be found to embarrass the execution
of the law. We all know that these exemption
laws give rise to nice questions of litigation. If
I supposed that no exemption would operate as a
hardship to the poor, I might think differently
about the matter, but I do not think it will. It
will be observed that this bill very seldom reaches
the poor man. They have very little to do with
it. The tax is collected mostly from the manu-
facturers. The bill very properly, I think, adopts
the indirect system of taxation,
Mr. STEVENS. I had thought this morning
of offering an amendment of this kind, and I will
offer it now as an amendment to the amendment
of my colleague. I intended to move to strike out
all between the word " profession,"and the word
"beasts." That, I believe, has already been
strickcn out, and I now move to insert, after the
word " profession," the words " one cow, arms,
or household furniture, or apparel necessary for a
family," so as to make the articles exempt spe-
cific.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that all of the section from and including the
words " beasts of the plow," has been stricken
out.
Mr. STEVENS. And I now propose to make
the articles exempt specific.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I would state that a
plow beast is as necessary as a cow, and a plow
as necessary as anything else. Many other arti-
cles also are as necessary as a cow. I think v/e
