1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merits. One objection made by the gentleman in
the article referred to is, that this rate is too cheap;
but he has evidently not looked into all the details,
or he would have found that some rates of news-
paper postage are cheaper than that. Newspapers
are carried in the State in which they are printed
at the rate of one quarter cent per week for three
ounces if paid in advance, or at the rate of one
and a quarter cent per pound, and are carricd
anywhere in the Union for one half cent per three
ounces for the week, or two and a half cents per
pound. This bill providesfor the payment of two
cents per pound, which is about the middle rate
between the two newspaper rates. It would make
the postage on the Patent Office Report five cents,
and on the Congressional Globe ten cents. Some
gentlemen say the people would not take them
out of the post offices if they had to pay postage
on them. To this I answer, that if such is the
case, I have no doubt the postmasteis, who are
required to sell unclaimed printed matter, could
very easily sell them for the postage. I have no
doubt that a Patent Office report will at any time
very easily sell for live cents, if the one to whom
it is directed is too mean in soul to pay the post-
age on it.
The House will see that the passage of this bill
will take away what by a portion of the public is
considered a great injustice in the old system, that
it confers upon one class of people the privilege
of sending all their mail matter free of charge,
while others are compelled to support the postal
system by the charges made upon them for the
transmission of their mail matter. This will de-
stroy the capital which is often sought to be made
in this way against members of Congress in the
country by providing that postage shall be paid
Upon all matter sent by them through the mails.
Now, sir, in olden times, the franking privilege
was in use in Great Britain. It was finally abol-
ished; even the Q,ueen now has to pay postage
the same as the humblest citizen. And I believe
there could not be found now one individual in
•the wide realm of her dominions who would sug-
gest the restoration of that privilege. I believe, if
we can bring ourselves up to the point of disrobing
ourselves of this privilege, which has been con-
tinued under the plea that it is for the benefit of
our constituents, you will find that no effort will
ever be made to reintroduce the system, and that
the wonder will only be that it should have been
continued so long.
Another objection to this bill—and I meet it now
because I do not desire to weary the House by
participating too much in this debate; an objection
which I know will be made, because one gentle-
man has already given me notice that he will raise
it, and it is a real objection, for I desire to be frank
in what I say—is that postage is to be paid upon
official correspondence between the governmental
Departments and their various subordinate officers
in the country. But gentlemen will see that while
we take away the privilege of sending official let-
ters free, the expense of sending such letters can
be allowed from the contingent fund; and it will
be no more inconvenience for the various officers
to include postage in their returns than for any
other small item of expenditure, for which, on
sufficient vouchers, they are allowed.
1 have thus, Mr. Speaker, briefly and rapidly
given the reasons that justify the Post Office Com-
mittee, as I understand, in reporting this bill. I
think the time has arrived when we should seek
in every possible way to increase the revenues of
the Government. .And I will state further, that
this is not the only bill which that committee in-
tend to report for increasing the postal revenues.
The Post Office Committee, however, have not
perfected the bills to which 1 refer. I am not au-
thorized to state any details of what we propose.
I may, however, state in general terms that we
shall endeavor to perfect a bill requiring all print-
ed matter transmitted outside the mails by express
companies to pay postage. It is great injustice to
the Government that such matter is allowed to be
carried without the payment of postage. I think
we shall endeavor to frame a bill that will pre-
vent the enonnous exactions now made by rail-
roads for carrying the mail. The great lines of
railroads now have the Government absolutely in
their power so far as carrying the mails is con-
cerned , and many of them refuse to contract with
them at any fair rates for this purpose; or even,
when their prices are allowed, to enter into con-
tract with the Department, insisting on carrying
the mail as it suits them to do.
These are among the reforms in our postal sys-
tem which we believe, if they are effected, will re-
sult in making the Post Office Department almost
if not quite self-sustaining, and without an increase
in the present cheap postage rates. In the last fis-
cal year it lacked nearly six millions of dollars of
paying expenses, which had to be paid out of the
Treasury. By cutting oIFthe mails from the so-
called seceded States the estimated deficit for the
current year has been reduced to a little more than
three millions of dollars; but that deficit still re-
mains,and the people are to be taxed to make itup.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
what objection there would be to striking out the
second section of this bill altogether? I think
the bill would then be in better shape and more
acceptable to a majority of the people of the
country.
Mr. COLFAX. The second section of the bill
is the section which authorizes all persons now
entitled to the franking privilege to send all mail-
able matter through the mails without prepay-
ment of postage, the same having the name of the
person sending it written or stamped thereon; and
provides that upon all such mailable matter the
postage shall be collected from the recipient.
That is copied from the system now in use in re-
gard to soldiers' letters. Members of Congress
are allowed to send letters through the mails with-
out prepayment of postage, because, as I said
before, nine tenths of such letters are upon the
private business of our constituents, and it is but
justice that those who send such letters, making
up most of the business which takes us daily to
the Departments, and keeps up mftny of us till
after midnight to reply to them, should pay the
postage on the letters sent to them. By striking
out this section members of Congress would be
compelled to prepay postage on all letters sent to
our constituents on their own private business.
By leaving it in, we can prepay or not,according
as the letter is on our business or theirs.
One word more. I said I was not wedded to
the details of this particular bill; but I appeal to
gentlemen of the House to give us a fair vote upon
the bill itself. I know how easy it is to objcctto
various features of any important bill and insist
on their amendment. I know it is much easier
to suggest objections to a nieasure than it is to
answer objections. All that I ask is, that we may
have a direct vote upon the bill without its being
crippled by amendment, as 1 fear it will be. If
this bill shall be voted down, I will then be ready
to go for the substitute of my friend from New
Yoik, [Mr. Duell.] I think the franking privi-
lege ought to be wiped out by some measure that the
House may determine on. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sherman] introduced a proposi-
tion the other day giving to all soldieis the privi-
lege of sending their letters free of postage. If
this bill is defeated, I cannot see why that should
not pass. If members of Congress retain for them-
selves the franking privilege on the ground that
it is for the public service,and not for our benefit,
these men who have left their homes and their
families, and have gone out to fight the battles of
the country, may well claim for themselves the
same privilege. If we insist upon retaining this
privilege, I confess that 1 cannot answer why those
men who have abandoned homes happy with the
sunlight of love, to peril their lives for their coun-
try, should not have the same privilege m com-
municating with their families and friends.
Mr. I-lfOKMAN. I desire to make a single
inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana. The third
section provides that
Sueli mailable matter strait be at the rates now fixed l)y
law,except tlmt speeches and seeds, stamped as such,may
be sent Ul envelopes, as now,at the, late ot'oiiecent. ll not
exceeding two ounces m weight, and one cent f'oi evciy
additional two ounces oi fiaction tlieieof.
I desire to inquire how that is to be carried into
effect ? Is it proposed that members shall use
! stampedenvclopes? Whatismcantby "stamped"
; speeches and seeds?
Mr. COLFAX. By the present law, seeds and
| speeches are sent free of postage, in flanked cn-
I velopes. Our public documents are sent, stamped
1 as such, in sealed envelopes,otherwise they would
ij be charged with letter postage, for no package, not
!| stamped as a public document, weighing more than
two ounces is permitted to go free under the frank
of a member. The gentleman knows that wlien
books or newspapers are sent through mail, one
end. at least of tho envelope must be left open, or
they will bo charged with letter postage. Now,
the intention of this third section is that tJTese
packages of seeds and_ speeches may be sent in
envelopes as now, if stamped as such; at the low-
est rates of postage, and that Patent "Office reports
shall also be stamped as such. TherewiII be
no more difficulty in carrying out this pr'ovisibn
than there is in carrying out the law as it now
exists.
Mr. HICKMAN. Still, I do not see how it is
to be carried into cffcct. For instance, if you put
seeds into an envelope, you cannot have the en-
velope open.
Mr. COLFAX. Tho envelope will be scaled,
and if it contains seeds will be stamped " seeds."
If it contains a Patent Office report, it will he
stamped "public document," just as is now done
when sent under the frank of a member of Con-
gress. If the gentleman means by his question
that he thinks advantage would be taken of this
to send matter chargeable with higher rates, I
answer that the same advantage can betaken now;
as no postmaster opens a franked package marked
" pub. doc."to see if it is rightly stamped. When
our books are folded in the folding-room, they are
inclosed in envelopes and stamped as public docu-
ments. Then they can go under our franks, al-
though they may woigh over two ounces. This
is to carry out the same idea.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not understand how the
postmasters are to know that the envelopes con-
tain seeds ov speeches.
Mr. COLFAX. They are to be stamped,and
the postmasters will have the same way of know-
ing what they are as in the case of stamped public
documents. I cannot make this plainer.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then the envelopes are to
be stamped ?
Mr. COLFAX. They are all to be stamped in
tho folding-rodm, just as the envelopes now cover-
ing public documents are stamped.
Mr. MAYNAItD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Indiana a question. Is thatgen-
tleman, who is the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, able to state to
this House what proportion of the expenditures
of the Post Office Department arises from the pay-
ment to railroads ?
Mr. COLFAX. I have not separated tho ex-
penditures, because I did not think the question
would arise in this debate; but I think that it is
separated in the report of the Postmaster General,
and if the gentleman will wait a moment I will
give it to him. I have it. The payment to rail-
roads is about one half of the transportation
expenses. It is, in accurate figures, $2,543,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
suppose that that item of expenditure would be
reduced by abolishing the franking privilege?
Mr. COLFAX. Not much under this bill. I
stated in my remarks that we intended to provide
a bill on that subject. The committee are now
considering it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the general question
whether it would reduce tho expense of trans-
portation upon railroads?
Mr. COLFAX. It would not very much. It
would, however, reduce what is called the star bid,
where the contractors contract to carry with celer-
ity, certainty, and security. On account of the
heavy franked mail matter that passes in the mails
during the winter, when the roads are often very
bad, nearly every one of the country contractors
lias to contemplate the necessity of carrying that
matter at some time in hacks or wagons, and not
upon horseback. The railroad service makes up,
as I have said, about one half of the transporta-
tion expenditures.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that this
interlocutory conversation will be concluded, and
that the debate on this question will be permitted
to proceed.
Mr. DXJELL. I desire to have an opportunity
to present a substitute for the pending bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I will not yield for that pur-
pose just now, but wiil presently.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I should like to
know of the chairman of the Committee on the
i Post Office and Post Roads what good service is
