1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of America. Fouuhly. Of any person who, having held an
office of houoi, tru^t, or profit in the United States, shall
heieafror hold an office in the so-called confedeiate States
of Amcuca. Fifthly. Of any person hereafter holding any
office 01 agency under the jrovernmentof the so-called con-
federate States of America, or under any of the several
States of tiie said confederacy, or the Jaws thereof, whether
such office or agency be national. State, or municipal in its
name 01 chat acter. Sixthiv. Of anv pcr-.ons who, owning
property in any loyal State oi Terntoiy of the United States,
or in the District of Columbia, shall hereafter assist and give
aid and comfort to such rebellion. And the said estate and
pioperty and moneys, stocks, credits, and effects of the per-
sons aloresaid, arc hereby deciarcd lawtul subjects of seiz-
in e and of piize and capture wherever found; and the Pres-
ident of the United Suites shall cau&e the same to be seized,
to the end that they may be confiscated and condemned, as
hereinafter provided, to the use of the United Hutc*; and
ail saiey, tran&ibis, or conveyances of any Mich pioperty
shall be null and void ; and it shall bo a sufficient bar to any
suit brought by such prison for the po^e^ion or the u^eof
such property, or any of it, to allege and prove that he is
one of the person* desotibcd m this section.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any person
within any State or Territory of th« United State, othtu
than thor-e named as afoicssaid, after the parage ot this act,
being enirnged in armed rebellion agamst the Government
of the Unito.d States, oi aiding oi ahetung such lebellion,
shall not, within sixty days alter public wanting and pioc-
lamation dulygiven and made by the President of the Uni-
ted States, cease to aid,countenance, and abet such iebe{
hou, and return to his allegiance to the United States, all
the estate and piopeity, moneys-, stocks, and credits of such
person are heieby lorleited thereafterwaids to the Govern-
ment of the CJniicd States, and the same aie declared law-
tul subjects of seizuie and of piize and capture whatever
found; and the Piesident of the United States shall cause
the same to be seized to the end that they may be confis-
cated and condemned as hereinafter provided to the use of
the United Slates; and all sales, transfer, or conveyances
of any such property after the expiration of the said sixty
days from the date of such warning and proclamation shall
be null and void ; and it Mtall be a s-utVicientbar to any suit
brought by^uch poison for the possession oi the useot Mich
properly, oi any of it, to allege and prove that he is one of
the persons described in this section.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That tosocuie posses-
sion, condemnation, and sale ot any ot such piopetiy, t-it-
uate and betm* in any State, DUttiet, or Temtoiy ot the
United States,proceeding in /em nhallbe in-titntod in the
name of the United States in anvdi^trict couit ot the Uni-
ted States, or in anyterritoiial couit, or in the United Stales
distiiet-coutt tor the District of Columbia, wiitun which
the property iibovc dcsetibcd. or any pan theteof, mav he
found, or into winch the same, if movable, may be lir^t
brought,which pioeeedings shallconfoim asneai'lyas may
be to ptoeeedings ui pu.se caves, or to ca-cs of lorfemu'e
arising undei the revenue laws; and the said jnopert\ m>
seized and condemned, whether leal oi peisonal, shall be
sold, under the deciee of the court having cognizance of
the case, and the pioceeds deposited in the Tteasuiy of the
United States tor their use and benefit.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the several courts
afoie&aid shall have powei to make such otders, establish
such fonns of decree and sale, and direct such deeds and
conveyances to be executed and dehveied b\ the maiMials
thereof where real estate shall be the subject of sah>, as
shall fitly and eflicienti} effect the put poses of this act, and
vest in the pui chalets of such property good and valid titles
thereto. And the said comts shall have powei to allow
such tees and ehaiges ot their olftceid as shall be reason-
able and ptoper in the premises..
• Sec. 5. And be \t further enactcd. That the piopeity
seized as afotesaid shall be used, occupied, united, oi held,
undei the dueetion of the Sectetarv ot the Tieasury, until
judicial pioceedmgs shall be had as herein piovided, when
pioceedtngs in rein shall be instituted and pioseeuted to
judgment and sale m the mode alorej-aid. and tho pioee<>ds
applied as aforesaid* Provided, That peiinhabit? aitieles
seized under this bill shall be U'-ed or sold, put-mant to such
rules as may be prcs-cribed by the Secietary of the Trea>-
uiy, and the ptocccds applied as above ptovided.
Sec 6. And he it further enacted. That tin: several dis-
trict courts of the United States shall have powei to do
everything necessary or piopei to catry tiiis net into full
effect. And the Attorney Geneial, ot any di-tuct attorney
of the United States, or of any distuct m which the said
propeity may at the tune be, or into which the same may
be taken, shall institute the pioceedings afotesaid.
Sec 7. And he it further enacted, 'J'hat in all ca^e^aiis-
ing undei this act wheie the proceeds of piopeity sold f.hall
be paid into the Tieasury of the United States :v distinct
account shall be kept thei oof, and any loyal creditor of the
fotmer owner of such property may within ninety days, and
not thereafter, except as herein piovided, exhibit his claims
to the Secietaty of thcTrcasuiy, who, upon proof of the
loyalty of the claimant and the justice of the claim, shall
have power to allow and pay the same out ot such pio-
ceeds: Provided, That if the scvcial claims exhibited and
ascertained shall exceed the amount so deposited in the
Trcasuiy.they «hall be latably paid : And provided further,
That in no event shall any largei sums lie paid fiom tlje
Treasury than have been deposited there on account of the
said propeity: And provided also, That no claim shall be
received or examined which has not been exhibited withm
the said ninety days, unless the claimant shall show and
prove good and sufficient cause, without fault on his pait,
for neglect oi delay, to the satisfaction of the Secretaty of
the Tieasury, and aceoidmg to such inle* as shall be pie-
senbed by him for all like case?, and the judgment of the
Secietaty ot the Treasuiy shall be final m the piemises.
Abilltofiee from servitude the slaves of rebels engaged
in or abetting the existing rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Be it enacted by (he Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State«of America in Congress assembled, That
if any person withm any State orTetiitory of the United
States shall, after the passage of this act, willfully engage
in armed rebellion against the Government of the United
States, or shall willfully aid or abet such rebellion, or ad-
here to those engaged zn such rebellion, giving them aid or
comfort, every such person shall thereby forfeit all claim to
the service or labor of any per?>ons, commonly known as
slaves; and all such slaves aie hereby declared free and
foiever dischaiged from such servitude, anything in the
laws of the United States or of any State to the contraiy
notwithstanding. And whenever thereafter any person
claiming the labor or service of any f=uch slave shall seek
to enforce his claim, it shall be a sufficient defense thereto
that the claimant was engaged in the t>aul rebellion, or
aided oi abetted the same, conttary to the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 1. And he it /uri/icr enacted,That wheneveranypeij-
son claiming to be entitled to the service or labor of anfc
other person shall seek to enfoice such claim, he shall, in
the fii?t instance, and before any order shall be made for
the stmendcr of the person whose service or labor is claim-
ed, establish not only his claim to such service or labor,but
also that such claimant has not in any way aided, assisted,
or countenanced tho existing tebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mi*. ELIOT took the floor.
FAIUS-EL-IIAKIN.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the House of Representatives, if
not incompatible with the public interest, copies of corre-
spondence and papers on the files of the Department of
State relating to the indemnity obtained by the consul gen-
eral of the United States at Alexandra, Egypt, for the mal-
treatment ot Fatis-el-ITakin, an agent in the employ of the
Amcncan missionaiies in Egypt.
CONFISCATION AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire, with
the permission of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to offer a substitute for each of the bills re-
ported by the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
may say that I do not claim any meiit for these
substitutes, as they are the suggestions of a gen-
tleman who is respected in nil parts of this House,
as a lawyer, as a statesman, and as a man. 1
ask that they may be printed.
No objection being made, the substitutes were
offered, and ordered to be printed.
DELEGATE FROM THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be insti ucted to inquire into the legality and expediency
of such legislation on the pait of Cougiess as shall assuie
to the Distuct of Columbia, in every future Congiesx, a
Delegate in the House of llepiesentattves, who shall have
the-same powers and puvileges-as Delegates now have tiom
the respective Teiutories ot tho United States.
Mr. McPIlKRSON objected.
NORTHWEST BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to offer a resolution
of inquiry.
Mi. ELlOT. It is obvious that if I continue
to yield, the whole day will be consumed. I will
yield tins once only.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced tiie following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Seuetaiy of the Trea^uty be, and
hctebv is, requested to communicate to tins (louse any in
fotmation itt the possesion of his Depaitmeut, whiWi lie
m.iv pidge to be in a foim suitable foi the consideration of
the House of Representatives?, upon the telattons between
the United States and the .Vortiuve-t Buttsh America, par-
ticulate the cential district of the Red River of the North
and tiie Saskatchewan.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foryey,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had indefinitely postponed the bill of the House
entitled "An oct concerning the closing of the
office of surveyor general at St. Louis, and for
other purposes."
CONFISCATION AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, the progress of
this rebellion has disclosed certain conditions of
society and of property which demand the action
of Congress. A civil war has been declared against
our Government. From the thirty-four States
composing our Union, eleven States have, by
popular action, by ordinance of secession, and by
legislative decree, abjured their allegiance, and by
treasonable legislation associated themselves into
a false and revolutionary government, claiming
independent existence and national vitality. They
iging war against their com-*
mon country. The (Jove
are now wagu ^
Government of the United
States, with its Executive and Cabinet and Con-
gress, under the Constitution ordained by the
people of the rebellious States and the loyal States
alike, and with all their men and material strength;
arc engaged in suppressing this rebellion. The
history of past ages develops no precedent, and
furnishes no example of such popular madness.
The false measures that are made to justify this
treason, but which conceal, exclude, and ignore
its prime, moving, operative cause, have united
into solid phalanx the men and the women of the
rebel States. Whatever Union sentiment exists
within them is in abeyance, and must so remain
until the greater force of the Government shall
compel submission in rebel districts, and make
the expression of loyalty to the Union consist
with personal security.
It is not for a moment conceded that these trai-
tor States, by their conventions, ordinances, and
laws, have so seceded as to be without our terri-
torial limits. They are traitor States at war with
the Union, confederated together within the ter-
ritory and against the Government of the common
country. They have unfurled their traitorous flag
within their States; but the flag of the Union has
a right to float on every breeze, in valley and on
mountain, throughout their borders; neverthe-
less by brute force and by the forms of law, con-
trolling popular power has for the time made into
outlaw and rebel States these integral portions of
our country. By formal laws,approved and op-
erative for the time within their territory, each
rebel State has organized itself into a distinct and
sovereign traitor. Each rebel Stale claims to be
sovereign, and to have abjured its allegiance and
repudiated its obligations to the General Govern-
ment. That is the condition of things now. If
this rebellion could succeed, that condition of
things would be peimancnt and fixed. For one
whole year these confederated States have uni-
tedly waged this war against us. They have con-
stituted themselves into a government in fact and
form. Their rebel president has assumed to dis-
charge the functions of his office. Their congress
has claimed the powcroflegishuion. Theirjudges,
appointed by themselves, pursuant to the provis-
ions of their own tteason law, claim to administer,
and do, in fact, administer theirenactmems. .New
oaths of office have been prescribed a>d taken. All
civil rights within their borders arc determined by
those laws. All property is now held under them
in defiance of national law and of the Government
of tho Union. "While we deny that, under our Con-
stitution, which the people of all the States or-
dained, an ordinance of secession can operate to
take a .State without our jurisdiction, it is none
the less against the fact to say that these rebel
States are not traitors, and have not committed
treason against the Government of the nation.
And the question now to be settled is, shall we
permit that treason to vindicate itself by success,
and that confederated rebellion to culminate in
political independence ?
It is in vain to argue that because its provisions
ate for expansion and not for contraction, that be-
cause the Constitution is the supreme law of the
land, " anything in the constitution or laws of
any State to the contrary notwithstanding," that
therefore a State cannot be a traitor and cannot
as a State commit high treason against the Gov-
ernment of the Union. If a State could lawfully
u secede" an act of secession should be recognized,
l and not resisted. If itcannotlawfully secede, and
i yet docs it) fact secede, and by solemn ordinance
I and legislation, erect itself against its Government
' as an armed rebel thirsting for its destruction,
| giving commissions to its sons to sack the cities
i of loyal States and destroy thelives of loyal men,
i and seeking with avowed purpose to overthrow
the Union and to lay low in the dust the stars and
stripes which represent its life, that State commits
treason.
But it is argued that only persons can conduit
treason. It is true that by the machinery of our
present existing laws, no others than persons can
be punished for tieason, and it is true that under
the Constitution no " person can be convicted of
treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses
to the same overt act, or on confession in open
court." But because it is true that by the laws
now onourstatute-book, persons only can be pun-
ished for treason, it does not follow that a State
