THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
cannot commit treason nor does it follow that
laws under the Constitution may not be made to
punish it.
By the terms of the Constitution" treason against
the United States shall consist only in levying war
against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giv-
ing'tliero an(l comfort." That is the whole
definition of the crime. According to that defini-
tion, the crime which South Carolina commuted
when she assumed to secede, and did in fact arm
her sons to attack Fort Sumter, was treason; and
she has been a traitor in arms ever since. When
it is argued that the Constitution was formed by
the people, and acts not upon nor through the
States, but upon us as citizens; that it is not a com-
pact between States or peoples of States, but in
itself a frame of government, but half the truth is
told. It is a framework ordained by the people;
but it recognizes in all its articles the separate ex-
istence of State government. It was ordained by
the people of the United States. Its great pream-
ble discloses the ends to be attained. It was to
"form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and se-
cure the blessings of liberty" to the remotest gen-
erations. The people of the several States are to
choose their Representatives, whose qualifications
are, by this frame of government, prescribed.
Two Senators from each State shall represent it
in the national councils. Powers were denied to
States and are reserved to States. The President
is Commander-in-Chief, notonlyof the Army and
Navy of the United States, but of the militia of
the several States when called into the service of
the United States. The acts of the several States
are accredited, and by its terms new Suites may be
admitted. It thus recognizes State existence and
separate State action. And it is in no just sense
correct to say that while it was ordained by the
people, it does not act upon the States as such.
If, t]ien, a State may commit treason, and iftio
laws exist under the Constitution for its appro-
priate punishment,it may become the duty of Con-
gress to make such fit enactments as will declare
a forfeiture of Us powers and functions us a State,
and provide for its political reconstruction. What
it may be needful to do time will develop. Uut it
is a heresy, to be condemned at once, in my judg-
ment, to hold that a State cannot be guilty of trea-
son, and that laws may not be made under our
Constitution for its punishment. This gigantic
rebellion is in fact a twofold war against the life
of the nation. It is a war waged by rebel States,
every one of which is guilty of high treason against
the United States. 11 is also a war sustained and
carried on by rebel citizens against their Govern-
ment. That is precisely the "legal character'5 of
this war. The time is at hand when appropriate
legislation concerning the "rebel Slate" may be
demanded. *Tho bills now reported to the House
affect only the rebel citizen. They touch not the
person of the citizen, but his property. Fi om that
fact springs the conclusive answer to the objection
which has been made to acts of confiscation, that,
under our Constitution, no bill of attainder can he
passed, and that ii no attainder of treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture except dur-
ing the life of the person attainted." A bill of at-
tainder mustapply to and affect the person against
whom it operates. It is the person alone that is
attainted—it is the blood that is corrupted. This
confiscation act does not at all affect the liability
of the person of the rebel to indictmentand to pun-
ishment for treason, if attainted of treason his
punishment will follow. JJut this act leaves his
person unhatmed. It aims to make the property
of the rebel in arms pay the expenses which loyal
States and loyal men in disloyal States are now
compelled to incur and bear, and to subject the
property by means of which alone the traitor may
consummate his purposes, to condemnation and
sale for payment of the expenses of tins rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, before stating in detail (he pur-
poses of this bill, I have to say that it stands, as
its Fiiends believe, impregnable upon the Consti-
tution. This bill and that other bill that may
"freefiom servitude the slaves of rebels engaged
in or abetting the existing rebellion against'the
Government of the United States," are, both of
them, within the rightful power of this Congress
to enact into laws; and, in my judgnient, we shall
stand as recreant to the Constitution and iu high
purpose and aim, if, having the power, we fail to
I use it. If I cannot sustain this bill upon the plat-
form of the Constitution, there is no other on
which it ought to rest. I shall defend it on no
other. Our heroic men are smitten down upon the
fields of battle, and their blood is poured like
water, making sacred, by its offering, the soil
which treason had polluted; they are smitten down
by rebels, thirsting, with cannibal ferocity, for
loyal lives, and led to battle by arch traitors, who
aim to overturn and to destroy the Government
under which they were born and nurtured, and to
uphold which they have taken oath before their
God; our men are slam and their homes made des-
olate; the weary heart of wife and mother is worn
with watching,and with hope deferred madesick
—deferred, to be lost in that despair which bereave-
ment shuts in upon her life!
But while our heroes die that the Government
may live, the Constitution which they defend
must not be slain here in the house of its friends !
I thank God that, as 1 study this Constitution
which our fathers made, I find within it ample
power to do the act of simple justice which this
bill will accomplish. Already this causeless and
wicked war has subjected loyal States and loyal
men in rebel States to losses which no man can
estimate. The desolation which bereavement has
occasioned, and which the atrocities of treason
have deepened, has been embittered by the pov-
erty which forbids to the spared life the comforts
of home; and that, too, has been worked by trea-
son. With the material strength which great pos-
sessions confer, this war is carried on by rebel
States and by traitors in arms against their Gov-
ernment. For its suppression the Government
has invoked the aid of loyal men, and thus far
loyalty has poured its treasure out with unsparing
hands. The credit of the nation has been tested.
The men whose industry had amassed fortunes
have filled the Treasury with the wealth their en-
terprise in times of peace secured.
But already the hour is at hand when provision
must be made to meet the debt this rebellion has
created. The tax gatherer, commissioned under
your law, is ordered by you to visit every home
and charge upon it its ascertained proportion. For
many years it will be your duty to impose upon
your people burdens hard to be borne, and while
their young men are slain by thousands, you de-
mand of them their substance for your support!
As they have yielded up the pride of their homes,
so they will answer to you with theirestates. For
they have promised m this cause the lives they
most love and the fortunes they possess, and,for
both, their honor has been pledged. But do you
believe tiiev will not look to you to see to it that
this heavy burden, which treason has oast upon
them, shall be borne in part by the traitors who
have imposed it? The lands desecrated by trea-
son, and owned by rebels, arc now used by them
to carry on this war. Their unwilhngslavesare
made to toil that you and your Government may
bo overthrown. Do you not know that* And
our people, are they blind that they cannot per-
ceive, this open fact? Their lands and slaves to-
gether are made instruments of war. Is not that
so? Without them both this rebellion must come
to an end and this mountainous debt be balked
of its inci ease.
What does our duty demand of us, my fiiends,
and what will our people rightfully expect? In
these rebel States are men waging war with us
who owe, in solid money, to loyal men who
are aiding you to suppress this insurrection,
$300,000,0U0. Every dollar of that debt has been
confiscated by their government, and is repudi-
ated by rebel debtors, to whose honor your con-
stituents have trusted. They say a state of wai
exists, and by the laws of war debts to the ene-
my are tendered void. Yet those same men are
using, in their property, that money they owe your
constituents to cairy on this war and subdue your
Go\ernment. i\nd not that alone—but all their
estate and property, goods, effects, and credits,
are with lavish hand poured into the ticasury of
treason, that loyalty may be laid low in the dust.
By tins they support their armies and feed their
men and pay their officers and conduct their gov-
ernment. Ftom these their means die derived.
Their president and his false cabinet are hen by
paid. Their judges, with such ermine as treason
wears, at e clothed, and their seared congress, with
attendant slaves, that assembled Imsmely nt Rich-
mond,and hurried from it with unwashed hands,
not venturing to stay to make unleavened bread
before their exodus, lest your generals should
overtake them in thcirflight, are paid from a treas-
ury from these sources alone supplied. Shall they
hold this property for your destruction, or shall
they be made to yield it up to the power they have
defied ?
You say, at once, that it is right that those men
should be deprived of the means by which rebel-
lion is sustained, and that the taxes which loyal
men are called upon to pay shall be to that extent
reduced. Here some gentleman, learned in the law,
suggests, " but can this be brought about under
the Constitution?" If Chief Justice Marshall were
among us, he would point to a decision of his"
court, and reply, " There is the law; walk by its
light."
The Constitution is not so weak as some gen-
tlemen believe, and others assert. The strength
of its great articles has not yet, by the exigencies
of time, been all exhausted.
" New occasions teach new duties: time makes ancient
good uncouth;
They must upward still and onward wlio would kedp
abreast o( truth ;
Lo! before ns gleam her camp tires! We ourselves must
pilgrims he;
Launch our Mayflower, and steer boldly through the des-
perate winter sea,
Nor attempt the future's portal with the past's blood-
rusted key."
But, sir, although this occasion is new, we are
called upon to launch no bark in unknown waters.
The key of the past will open all the doors through
which we need to walk.
Before I examine the law, let me state precisely
what these bills propose to do. I shall briefly
analyze them both.
1. The bill to confiscate rebel property for pay-
ment of the expenses of the rebellion.
The first section declares the property of cer-
tain specified rebels to be forfeited to the Govern-
ment, and to be lawful subjcct of seizures prize,
and capture.
The specifications embrace the chief official
traitors.
The second section affects the property of rebels
who shall not, after warning and proclamation by
the Piesident, lay down their arms and return to
their allegiance. It is difficult to assign a reason
why the property of such persistent rebels shall not
be made to contribute toward the expenses of this
rebellion. And it will embiaco one important
class of men. I refer to the wealthy private land-
holders, men of large means, who refuse to hold
office, hut are employing their influence and estate
in aid of this rebellion. It would not be difficult
to specify some of such tiaitors by name, whose
great estates are used to contribute strength to thij?
confederated treason. Their property is made to
carry on this war. It is a means of war in the
hands and subject to the call of a traitor congress.
It is property that gives heart and nerve to the
enemy. Jt is as truly contraband of war as the
military stores or the camp equipments of rebel
armies. The money that such men pay into the
treasury of their false government comes out of
their whole estate, and by all the rules of war it
is justly liable to foifeiture. The Piesident of the
United States is required to cause the property of
ail these rebels in these two sections named to be
seized that it may be confiscated and condemned.
The third and the three following sections pro-
vide the mode of seizure, trial, and condemnation.
The proceedings specified and authorized are sim-
ple and effective. The proceedings are in rem.,
againsttheproperty. They are notdirected against
the persons. When this rebellion shall have ceased,
the parties guilty as chief traitors will be punished.
By the laws of the land their li ves are forfeit. Upon
presentment, indictment, trial, and conviction,
punishment may follow. With all that we have
no concern now. It is as guilty property, made use
of to destroy this Government; it is property by
means of which this rebellion is sustained and our
Government put to the stern necessity of war; it
is as enemies' property seized in the hands of men
armed against this Government, that this bill com-
mands process against the estate, and secures its
summary judicial condemnation and sale.
In the discharge of the duty imposed on your
committee, it became necessary to examine a large
number of bills, having the same geneial end m
view, which had been offered in either branch of
( Congiess. A cautious, conservative, and able
