1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223S
judge, a constitutional lawyer of great experience,
who occupies the chair recently filled by the fore-
most statesman of New York, now first in our
Cabinet, had prepared with care and submitted
his bill. Another judge of confessed ability, a
practical lawyer and expert law-maker, now rep-
resenting Illinois in the other branch of Congress,
had introduced a bill which, with amendments
offered by the accomplished Senator from Ohio,
recently one of our own leaders in this House, has
been carefully discussed and ably debated for sev-
eral weeks. In this House several of our best
lawyers, and most practical and able men, have
presented different propositions, some of which
were referred to your committee, and all of which
I have examined. In many of these bills, espe-
cially in those which have been debated in the
Senate, the proceedings in rem provided for are
made to conform as nearly as may be to proceed-
ings in prize cases, or to cases of forfeiture arising
under our revenue laws. I have not thus far seen
an argument by any one opposed to the principle
of the bills against this mode of proceeding, ex-
cepting such as were derived from an alleged ab-
sence of power in Congress for such legislation.
In the bill we have reported, the fourth and sixth
sections will be found to confer distinct affirmative
power upon the courts of the United States to
establish such forms of proceeding as will give
efficiency to the enactments of the bill, i have no
doubt that, as a practical and operative bill, the
one now under debate may be successfully de-
fended. The seventh and final section of the bill
provides for the payment, out of the proceeds of
confiscated estates, of such claims of loyal citi-
zens as might otherwise be lost. A mode is here
indicated by which the debts due to loyal men,
now repudiated, may be enforced and made avail-
able.
The other bill reported by your committee pro-
poses to free from servitude the slaves of rebels
willfully engaged in armed rebellion against the
Government. The details of this bill are brief
and explicit. The first section declares a forfeit-
ure of all claims by the armed rebel to the services
of persons known as slaves, and makes them free.
It provides that it shall be a good defense to any
alleged claim to the service of another that the
claimant has been an armed traitor in this rebel-
lion. And the second section requires such claim-
ant to prove, in the first instance, the rightfulness
of bis claim and his own personal loyalty. This
bill speaks for itself, and it is high time, if we are
in earnest in our determination to crush out this
rebellion, that it should become a law.
And now I propose to considei, as fully as I
can within the time permitted me, the clear and
impregnable constitutional grounds on which this
proposed legislation rests, and the stern demands
which this mad rebellion makes unon us all for
speedy and thorough action.
I have already said that the aim of these bills
is against property, and not persons. No one of
the provisions of the Constitution that protect the
person charged with crime are applicable here.
The muniments and safeguards which the Con-
stitution throws around him aie notaffectcd. The
person charged with crime shall enjoy them all.
Every one of the parties whose property is now
used as an efficient instrument by which to over-
throw the Government may be guilty of treason.
Upon proper presentment and indictment he will
have his trial. But because he is guilty of treason
it does not follow that his estate, made by him a
weapon of attack against the Government, may
not by the well-ascertained and adjudged laws of
war be, by due enactment of law by Congress,
made liable to confiscation. He is a traitor, and
as such may suffer; but in this war he is some-
thing beside a traitor. He is an armed enemy;
he is consuming his substance to cairy on a war
against our Government; he is acting Within his
sphere as presidont,or judge,orofiicer,orwealthy
contributor of money and of means m aid of what
he styles a " confederate government'5 in arms
against our Constitution and our laws. He is an
enemy and his property is enemy-property, and
subject therefore to seizure and to confiscation.
No'one will doubt that it svould be competent for
Congress to pass a law by force of which the
profjerty of an alien enemy within our territory,
leal or personal, might be seized and sold, not as
punishment for crime, but as indemnity for the
cost of war.
For these two reasons, then, this property is
fairly within our reach, and may be fitly and law-
fully confiscated:
1. Because as a whole the estate of these rebels
is substantially, and in fact, made an instrument
and moans of war.
2 Because, in fact, each traitor whose property
is to be taken to pay in part the cost of this re-
bellion, is an "armed enemy," engaged in fierce
civil war, and all his estate is enemy property
as truly and for all the purposes of this bill as
amply as if he owed allegiance to a foreign prince.
The most technical lawyer, however opposed
to the policy or theory of this bill, would be un-
willing to contend that Congress might not pass
a law of confiscation whereby the property of the
enemy might be seized and sold, as a means of
weakening and of subduing him. And upon that
third ground, under the Constitution, this legisla-
tion may be sustained. It is now apparent that
the fifth "amendment of the Constitution does not
apply in any wise to the purpose or the provisions
of this bill.
Wc agree that the subject cannot be deprived
of life, liberty, oi property without due process of
law. It cannot be safely assumed that this wise
and beneficent provision in our Constitution ap-
plies to a state of war. Jefferson Davis may oe
slain in battle, with blood upon his hands, with-
out " due process of law." Our brave dead were
not murderers before their martyrdom, yet they
did not wait, before they sped the fatal bullet,
for " due process of law. The captured rebels,
now m our forts awaiting exchange or punish-
ment, are not deprived of their liberty without
law, although " due process of law " has not been
had. Nor can the subject be held to answer for
a capital or otherwise infamous crime unless on
a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, ex-
cept in cases arising in the land or naval forces,
or in the militia in actual service in time of war
or public danger. In all such prosecutions the
accused shall have speedy trial by an impartial
jury, and in suits at common law, where the value
m controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the
right of trial by jury shall be preserved. These
safeguards, which the Constitution throws around
the citizen, arc not affected by our proposed legis-
lation. No ingenuity of legnl argument can ex-
pose this lull to just attack on these grounds.
Why, sir, this bill attacks guilty property!
And what if itbe admitted that it is guilty because
of the offenses of its owners? Will any lawyer
rise up here m his place and tell me that the Con-
stitution so protects that property that you cannot
reach it - x< ept through the, person?—no matter
nowabout the powers which a state of war devel-
ops! Independent of them, will it be contended
that property cannot be declared guilty and •■subject
to forfeiture because of offenses committed by its
owners, and that all we can do is to bide our time
and wait for complaint, presentment, indictment,
jury trial, and conviction? Are not these rebels,
red-handed and black-heartcd, as bad as pirates?
Yet Congress and the courts of the United States
have dealt with the property of piiatcs as we pro-
pose to deal with the property of rebels. More
than fot ty years ago Congress passed acts against
piracy. The fact that a pirate was also a citizen
of the United States did not avail him. Theprop-
erty which was an instrument of the crime was for-
feited—subject to proceedings in rem—seized and
sold? In one case, reported in 1*2 Wheaton, the
counsel for defense contended that the property
could not be taken until proceedings against the
person were had. Judge Story decided that would
be true atcommon law; butnotin case ot seizures
and forfeitures created by statute in rem, where
" the thing" was considered the offender. " Pro-
ceedings in rem," Judge Story says, " stand m-
dependentof and wholly unaffected by any crim-
inal proceeding in personam.*'
ij "At the common law, in m. my cases of felonies, the
ii party joifeitwl ln^ eoods and chattel.-' to tiie Crown. The
H ioifeiturc did not, j-tijctiv .-peakinsr, attach in rem; bat u
\va^ <i ot at len^t a consequence, of the judgment ot
conviction ft is plain, trom tin* statement, that no light
to tiie good- and chatieh of the felon could be acquired [ >
tiie Crown by the meie commission of the ofrmise; butthe
right attached only V>> the conviction of the oftenden I he
uecctjsaiy result was that m evciy caNCwheic t.io Ciown
poiaihr to recover .such good^aud chattels it was nidispcip-
able to establish it* light by producing rtio record ot the
judgment of convielion. in the contemplation ot thecom-
mon law, Uic offenders light was not divested until >h"
conviction Uut this doetnnc nevci was applied to seiz-
ures and forfeitures, created by statute in rem, cognizable
on the revenue side of the exchequer. The thing is Here
primarily considered as the offender, or rather the offense
is attached primarily to the thing; and this, whether the
offense be malum prohibitum or malum in se.. The same
principle applies to proceedings in rem on seizures in the
admiralty. Many eases exist wfiere the forfeiture for acts
done attaches solely tw rm, and there is no accompanying
penalty in personam. Many cases exist where there isbota
a forfeiture in rem and a personal penalty. Cut in neither
clas-s of cases has it ever been decided that the prosecu-
tions were dependent upon each other. But the practice
has been, and so tins court understand the law to be, that
the proceeding in rem mn<W independent of, and wholly
unaffected by, any criminal proceeding in personam
The friends of this bill, Mr. Speaker, claim to
hold in as high reverence all the mumments of
life, liberty, and property which our fathers in
their wisdom embodied in our Constitution as by
possibility they may be held by any opponent of
legislative action. These imagined obstacles can-
not be made to lie in our path, nor can they ob-
struct our obvious course under the high law we
have taken oath to maintain toward the seizure
and confiscation of rebel property, turning it from
our destruction, and compelling it to contribute to
our support. If gentlemen would consent to read,
by the clear light of the present, the powers which
our fathers have given us in the past, they would
find that our hands are strong enough, if our hearts
are willing, to wrest fiom armed rebels their means
and instruments of treason, and make them sub-
servient to loyal uses. It will not be denied that
" property used in promoting the rebellion, in
levying war against the United States, is lawful
prize of war."
It will not be denied that this rule may extend
to the property (certain property) " of those levy-
ing war against the United States—enemies, not
because of their domicil or residence upon one
part rather than another of the territory of the
Union, but because they are in arms against it."
My friend and colleague [Mr. Thomas] concedes
thus much. Now,sir, we press this bill upon the
House and urge its passage upon other grounds
than this. But this principle is broad enough to
control the action of this House and compel the
passage of this bill, if it be true that there is an
earnest purpose to weaken and subdue this rebel-
lion, and to take from the rebels that which gives
them all their strength and convert it to loyal uses.
My colleague, while he states this rule of war,
limits it in its application to certain kinds of prop-
crty—munitions and. implements of war, goods
used to defeat our warlike operations, ships and
cargoes violating blockades. These he admits
may be seized and sold. But, sir, these articles
of property belong to traiuns, an<\ my colleague
saysthu" subject charged with treason may justly
claim ail the muniments and safeguards of the
Constitution." il lie cannotUc deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
kk In suitsatcommon law, where the value in con-
troveisy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of
trial by jury shall be preserved." Why are not
these provisions of the Constitution fatal obstruc-
tions to any legislation confiscating this property
or any action permitting its seizure, condemna-
tion, and sale ?
But consider the rule, and judge whether the
limitations are applicable here. That rule, as con-
ceded, holds property used in promoting the re-
bellion, m levying war against the United States,
as lawful prize of war. In ordinary war, this rule,
fairly interpreted, would embrace those articles
alone, usually known as contraband of war. But
this is not an ordinary war, and within the con-
federate States we know in fact that all the es-
tate, whether real or personal, of the armed rebel,
is used in promoting this rebellion and in secur-
ing the success of this deadly war levied by them
against the Govei nmcnt of the United States. It
has been their boast from the beginning, that their
real estate, worked by slaves, could support their
army, while they themselves weie fighting in the
field. Is not real estate thus employed, " used to
promote this rebellion?" When armed traitors
employ the whole strength which their pioperty,
personal and real, confers on them, to levy war
n^ainst the Government, who is the mon bold
enough to say that such property is not used in
suppott of this rebellion?
It is, then, by this conceded rule, all of it, law-
ful prize of war, and as such may be seized, con-
fiscated, and sold. That is what this bdl proposes
to do. Real estate is to be sold because it is used
as a means of war and a vital and essential means
