1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fairs? Would he not cast about him to see what
expenses he could curtail, and commence the prac-
tice of the most rigid system of economy ? Let
me appeal to gentlemen on all sides to answer me
whether it is not our duty, as Representatives of
the people, to make every effort at this crisis to
economize in the public expenditures?
According to the theory of its organization, the
Post Office Department should be self-sustaining,
and not a charge on the Treasury. This self-sus-
taining character was not only impressed upon
the Department in its creation, but was scrupu-
lously adhered to in its administration for a period
of sixty years. It should now be allowed to re-
turn to the principles on which it was conducted
in its earlier and better days—the days alike of its
independence, its efficiency, and its renown, be-
fore it was borne down by the guilty abuse of its
ministrations and the reckless waste of its hard-
earned revenues. The increase of business in the
Post Office Department,from the commencement
of the Government, indicates the growth of our
country in a striking manner. At its formation,
in 1789, there were but 75 post offices in operation;
in 1800 there were 903; m 1810, 2,300; in 1820,
4,500; in 1830, 8,450; in 1840, 13,468; in 1850,
18,417; and in 1860,28,498. In the last named
year there were in operation 8,502 mail routes,
the length whereof was estimated at 240,594 miles.
It is not my purpose to point out the various
abuses which have crept into this branch of the
public service, or suggest the many reforms which
are loudly demanded. I might show how, in con-
sequence of a too rapid expansion of the service,
and the substitution of costly railroad transpor-
tation upon many of the old and hitherto cheap
routes, there was shown the first tendency to a
permanent excess of expenditure. And in the
same connection might be mentioned the fact that
the Government at one time had in operation six
Pacific mail routes, costing over and above the
receipts the snug sum of $2,000,000, upon one of
which routes only three letters and twenty-six
newspapers were carried in nine months. My ob-
ject at this time is simply to advocate the repeal of
all laws granting and conferring the frankingpriv-
ilege upon any person, and requiring those who
transmit through the mails of the United States
any mailable matter to prepay the postage thereon.
The right to send and reccive letters and pack-
ets through the mail free of postage is held either
as a personal privilege or as an official trust for
the maintenance of official correspondence. The
following persons, under the several acts of Con-
gress now in force, enjoy the right as a personal
privilege:
1. The President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States; the individuals who, at former p niods,
have filled the office of President and Vice Presi-
dent; and Mrs. Polk, relict of a former President.
2. Members of Congress and Delegates from
Territones during their term of office, and until
the first Monday of December after its expiration.
3. The Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives during their
official term.
4. Every postmaster whose commissions, for
the previous fiscal year ending 30th June, did not
exceed $200.
The following officers enjoy the right on all cor-
respondence required in the performance of official
duty:
1. The Secretaries of the Departments; Post-
master General and Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States; the First and Second Comptrollers of
the Treasury; the Solicitor of the Treasury; the
Audi tors of the Treasury; the Treasurer ofthe Uni-
ted States; the Register of the Treasury; the As-
sistant Secretary of State; the Assistant Secretary
ofthe Treasury; the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office; the Commissioner of Customs;
the Commissioner of Patents; the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs; the Commissioner of Pensions;
the Assistant Postmasters General; the Adjutant
General ofthe Army; the Quartermaster General;
the Inspector Goneial; the Commissary General
of Subsistence; the Paymaster General; the Chief
Engineer; the Surgeon Geneial; the Colonel of
Ordnance; the Chiefs of Bureaus of the Navy
Department; and the Superintendent and Assist-
ant Superintendent of the Const Survey.
2. Governors of States to the Governors of other
States, restricted to laws anji reports, bound or
unbound, records and documents of the State,
which the Legislature thereof may direct to be
sent to the Executive of other States.
3. Postmasters whose commissions exceed $200
may send letters and packets free relating to the
business of their offices or the Post Office Depart-
ment.
4. Publishers of pamphlets, periodicals, maga-
zines, and newspapers not exceeding sixteen
ounces in weight, may exchange their publica-
tions reciprocally free, and may send their bills
for subscriptions to their publications inclosed in
them without additional postage.
It is safe to say that, under the law as it now
stands, at least twenty thousand persons have the
right to receive and transmit through the mails
of the United States, free of postage, letters and
packets of a private nature, and in no wise rela-
ting to the business of Government. This esti-
mate, of course, includes postmasters whose com-
missions do not exceed §200. Not only would a
large revenue be derived by the Government from
the abolition of the franking privilege, but the
Treasury would be saved large sums of money now
expended upon costly books and public docu-
ments, which would not be printed but for the
franking privilege. I do not object to the print-
ing of such documents as relate exclusively to the
executive and legislative departments of Govern-
ment, but to the printing of books like the Mex-
ican boundary, Japan expedition, survey of a
railroad to the Pacific, &c.a which have cost the
Government millions of dollars, which went to
enrich the pockets of a partisan public Printer.
I desire in this connection to quote the language
of a gentleman well known as one of the brightest
intellects that this nation has ever produced, and
whose retirement from public life created univer-
sal regret throughout the loyal States. I allude
to Hon. Joseph Holt, of Kentucky. While Post-
master General, Judge Holt made use of the fol-
lowing language in one of his annual reports:
"Another potent reason foi the abolition ofthe franking
privilege, as now exeieised, is found in the abuses which
fcuom to be ltiscpaiablo from its existence. Those abuses,
though constantly exposed and animadverted upon for asc-
ites of year*, have as constantly increased. It has been
often stated by my predecef-sois, and is a matter of public
notoriety, that immense masses of packages arc transported
under the Government flank, which neither the letter nor
spirit of the statute creating the flanking piivilege would
justify; that a large number of letters, document?, and pack-
ages aie thus convoyed, covcred by the frank of officials,
written in violation of law, not by themselves, but by wmc
real or pietendcd agent, while whole .sacks- ol tinula* mattei,
which have never been handled nor seen even by Govern-
ment functionalies, aie tian^ported under fianks "which
have been forged. The extidnc difficulty of detecting such
1;oigenes has gicatly mult 'plied this class of offences, whilst
their piovalcnoe has so deadened the public sentiment in
lefeience to them that a conviction, however ample the
pioof, is scaicely possible to be obtained. The statute of
182.), denouncing the counterfeiting of an official frank un-
der a heavy penalty, is practically inoperative. I refer you
to the case lepoitcd at length by the United States attorney
for this Pir-tuct, as strikingly illustrating this vitiated pub-
lic opinion, leficcted fiom the jury box. The pioof was
complete, and the case unredeemed by a single palliation,
and yet the offender was dischaiged umebuked, to resume,
it n >hould please him, his guilty task.
" This veithct of acquittal is understood to have been
rendered on two gtounds: first, that the accused said he did
not eommitthe otl'en-e 'to avoid the payment of the post-
ages,' and second, thai the offense had become so pieva-
lent that it is no longer piopei to punish it. These are start-
ling piopo^mons, whethei icgaided m their legal, moial,or
logical aspects. They announce that to rendei tile violation
of a statute legal, it is only nece=saiy to lendei it geneial;
and that the counteifeitei of the fiank ol a membci of Con-
gioss, in Older to shield lumselt from punishment, has only,
when ariestcd, to declaie that he commuted the infamous
crime from no hope of pecuniatv gam ; thus reversing tiiat
axiomatic principle of philosophy and law which teaches
thataiation.il accnt ^hallbe held to contemplate and design
those reMiiN winch ncces-nnly follow fiom his conduct It
^ich language a< thi , coming up fiom the ciimmal courts
of the count! y, does not aioiw Congress to the necessity of
piomptly roioimmg tin- already gieat and inpidiy-growing
evil, then it is to be feared that nothing can do so. The
fiankmg pnvilege lias thus bccomean activc instrument of
public domoiah/.ation. When a crime is committed under
the influence of strong temptation, a large measuieof m-
teguty may remain with the offender; but wheieanoften^e
like this, e-.sentiall> mcrcenaiy in its -pint and creeping^
clandestine in its perpetration,1^ commuted foi the gain of
a few cents, and when such offense becomes wulc-sptccid
m its prevalence, it evidence- a condition of the public
moiaK which cannot be contemplated without profound •-or-
k>w and the liveliest appu hen&ions. Did no other rea.-on
ex.is>t than t'no-e abuses and the di^trous con-equcncp? to
winch they loud. Congress would be lull} justified in abol-
ishing the iiunkmg privilege."
I am opposed to the bill reported by tho honor-
able chairman of the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads for various reasons. In the
first place, by the first section of the bill he abol-
ishes the franking privilege, and in the next sec-
tion restores it. It is true that the second section
provides that postage is to be collected from the .
recipient; but nevertheless, every person now en- -
titled to the franking privilege has the right con-
tinued to him just as effectually as under the law
as it now stands. On the otner hand, the con-
stituent who desires to communicate his views on
public affairs to his Representative, must not only
pay tho postage upon his own letter, but upon the
one he receives in return. A double burden is thus
thrown upon the shoulders ofthe people—a bur-
den that is unequal. Either abolish the franking
privilege entirely, or let the law stand as it is.
This section is open to the further objection of
being a departure from the principle adopted in •
1855 of making prepayment of postage compul-
sory. This regulation in the postal laws has thus
far worked well. The transportation of letters
and other mailable matter is always at the instance
of the person who deposits in the post office, and
the risk of their delivery to the persons to whom
they are addressed should not be thrown upon
the Department, The service is performed in the
transmission, and should be paid for at the time,
and by the person seeking the aid of the Depart-
ment. Under the old system, the number of let-
ters transmitted to the offices to which they were
directed, and returned as dead letters to the De-
partment, was so great as to imperiously demand
a change in the law. It was estimated by those
having charge of the dead letter office, that more
than three millions of letters were annually re-
turned; and the Government having received no
compensation for their transmission, was at the
additional expense of forwarding them through
tho mails to the dead letter office.
My attention has been called to an article in one
of the New York papers, showing that under our
present system we nave three hundred and twenty
regular rates of postage for transient printed mat-
ter on packages under four pounds in weight. If
this be so, it furnishes an additional reason wlxy
the bill of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] should not become a law; for by the third
section of his bill the regular rates of postage are
greatly increased, making the system more com-
plicated than ever. The article I have alluded to
is from the pen of agentleman—Mr. Pi my Miles—
who has given much attention to this subject; and
I cannot present my objections to the third sec-
tion of the bill of the PostOfiice Committee better
than by reading what he says:
" Of course flanking should.be abolished—all will *ay
amen to that; hut why cannot this bo done without meieas-
mg largely nui absurdly numeiousiates of postage on printed
matter, and without loading down our mails with a large
amount of useless stuff, avast propoition of which will
never be taken out of the po<t office by the persons ad-
dressed, even awho very low rates mentioned above? There
is an absurd and unjust distinction made in the postal lates
of books printed by Government and those issued by pi i vai e
publishers. Why shall the former be sent at a quarter the
puce charged for the latter?
"The prominent reason, if there were no other, why
these additional rates should not be established, is, that our
rates of postage on transient punted matter are now so nu-
meious as to baffle tho calculations and the memoiy ot the
most intelligent pcisons that over lived, make it absolutely
nece-^ary to weigh nearly every book oi package that ex-
ceeds thiee ounce*, and compel cveiy postmaster and post
office cleik to rcfci to the law to learn the correct postage
on a laige pioportion of the printed matter now sent by
inail. Probably not one person in ten thousand is aware of
the vast number of rates the present laws impose. Tho reg-
ular lates hv weight up to four pounds—the limit for book
packages—aie three hundred and twenty. But think not
wthat these are all. These are the legnlar rates by weight,
without reckoning packages or pamphlets or peiiodicals,
that aie chatgcd by tho number of pieces. This, too, does
not include the rates (one hundred and six in number) on
regular newspapers and periodicals, and which arc paid
quarterly or yeaily. If you wish to see a portion of the
absurdity in detail, look at the following table of
Rata of Postage on Transient Printed Matter.
Small Books Books
TVeight Peiiod- News- papers and under3,000 otcr
in ounces, icals. papers, pamphlets. miles. 3,000 miles.
1
1
1
I
1
2
2
1
1
y
2
4
3
1
I
3
3
6
4
2
2
4
4
8
5
3
o
3
5
10
G
-1
3
6
6
12
7
o
3
7
7
34
8
6
4
8
8
16
0
7
4
4 J
9
18
10
3
4
5
10
20
n
9
5
5*
11
22
12
10
5
6
12
24
13
H
6
13
26
14
15
6
7
- 14
28
15
13
G
7*
. 8
15
30
16
H
7
16
32
