1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States. That is, it shall be sequestrated.
But at what price ? At the full amount of the taxes;
or is the man still liable for the balance ? The sec-
tion is cci tamly defective m this respect, and leads
to false conclusions.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman from
Indiana move any amendment?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. No, sir; for the sec-
tion requires a radical change, and I do not know
what the Committee of Ways and Means desire
in the premises. 1 merely wish to know what in-
terpretation the Committee of Ways and Means
gives it—whether this is to be an acquittal for all
the taxes.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I move to amend
by striking out of the nineteenth line, the words
" for the amount aforesaid."
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move to amend the
amendment by substituting for the words pro-
posed to bestiicken out, the words '* at an amount
not exceeding the same;" so that it will read:
And if the pioperty advertised for sale a* aforesaid cannot
be sold for the amount of the duty or tax due thereon, with
the costs and charge?, the colleetorshall pui chase the same
in behalf of the United States at an amount not exceeding
the same.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentle-
man from Ohio will read the first paragraph of
the bill, he will see that that amendment is unne-
cessary. If it can be sold for a sum exceeding the
amount due for taxes, the collector will not buy
it in.
Mr. BINGHAM. But suppose there are no
bidders at all, the law is imperative that the col-
lector shall bid it off. I wish to put a limitation
on that, so that he shall not buy it in at an amount
exceeding the tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At all events
there is no harm in the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. But there is good in it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask whether
it is contemplated that this levy shall be on other
propei ty than that on which the tax itself is laid ?
I am in a little doubt as to that.
Mr. LOOMIS. I would suggest that the com-
mittee has already adopted an amendment which
removes all doubt about that. It was an amend-
ment offered by myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgiiam] to my amendment.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the nineteenth line of the same scction by
inserting after the word " aforesaid," as follows:
And the. collector shall have authonty under the lules
to hi' pie-ioiihed by the Commissioner of Revenue to f-cll all
property so puichased.
My objcct is to give authority to sell such prop-
erly as the United States is compelled to purchase
to insure the payment of the taxes.
Mr. LOOMIS. As a substitute for the amend-
mcntofthe gentleman from Massachusetts, I move
the following amendment:
In the eighteenth line, alter the word shall," erase thy
woids "pmchase the ,-ame in behalt of the United States
for the amount aforesaid,'' and in«eit the word* " pioceed
to sell the 5-ame at public auction as 111 otiiei eases, and
a'ter satisfying all legal costs, ehaige^, and commission,
sdmll apply the. suiphi-? of the pto^eed*. of the sale in part
payment ot such tax or duty, and further distraint may be
made In the colloctoi of other good* and chattels 01 said
delinquent pei?onsat any time thcieattet durins the pe-
riod allowed tn rhe collector f01 the completion of' hi< col-
lections, until fueh tax 01 duty shall be jnlh satisfied.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that it is better
in all cases to require the collectoi to sell for what
he can get; and as there is a doubt whether the
provision as it stands, with the amendment which
lias been adopted, will not operate to satisfy the
tax in full, by such purchase on the part of the
Government, I think the collector ought to have
the right to make another levy, because, as evcty-
body knows, in a great many instances where
distraint is necessary, it is necessary not so much
because of the want of ability on the part of the
tax payer, as for want of disposition; and if he
knows about the tune the collector is comma;
round he will begin to put his ptoperty out of his
hands, so that the collector at the time of lus first
visit very likely may not be able to find propeity
enough to cover the amount of the tax. In such
case, I think it should be the duty of ihe collector
to levy in the fust instance upon as much prop-
erty as he Call find, and to make any subsequent
levy whenever ho is able, on a sufficient amount
of property to cover the remaining portion of the
tax.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will sug-
gest that my amendment does not cover the same
ground as that of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, and that it will be better, probably, to offer
them separately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hardly thinks
the amendment of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut is germane to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. LOOMIS. I will then withdraw mine and
offer it subsequently.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman fiom Vermont whether there is any
provision in any part of the bill which provides
for disposing, under the authority of the Com-
missioner of the Revenue, of the property which
the United States shall buy under this act?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think, per-
haps, the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had better be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I now submit my amendment,
which has just been read by the Cletk.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe the section as it
now stands, with the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] which has been
adopted, is not perhaps verbally correct, or as the
gentleman intended it. It now provides that the
collector may purchase property for the United
States at a pric1 not exceeding the amount of taxes
due. I think it should provide for not exceeding
the tax due and the cost and charges thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 think the amendment
should be so modified.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the amendment will bo so modified.
There was no objection.
The twenty-second section was next read for
amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I think that section had
better-be passed over, with the understanding that
we may return to it subsequently. The change
which maybe made in the sixteenth section which
has been passed over may require a change in this.
No objection being made, the section was in-
formally passed over.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. For the same reason, I
suggest that the twenty-third scction be passed
over.
There being no objection, section twenty-three
was passed over informally.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I see that section
twenty-four makes provision that the deputy col-
lectors shall make their returns to the Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, and they would seem, from
that provision, to be taken from the control of the
principal collectors. To meet thatditficulty, I will
move to strike from the second line the words," or
deputy collectors;" so that the clausc wiii read:
That the seveial collectois shall, at the expffation of each
and eveiv month, alter they -.luill, iospeotiv«dy, commence
their collection*, tiansmit to the ComniHsionei of Interna!
I5c\enue a statement of the collections made b> them, re-
spectively, within the month, and p.i\ over monthly, or at
such time or tones as may be i equued hy the Commissioner
of Fntcin.d Revenue, the moneys bythein respectively col-
lected within the .said term, and at such places as may be
designated and required by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue |
This will require all the returns made to the !
Commissioner of the Revenue to be made by the ;
colleetois. Then- may be further amendments re- 1
quired in the section, but I presume this was an |
oversight on the pait of the Committee of Ways '
and Means in preparing the bill, and that there i
will be no objection to it. !
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend after !
the word " sold" m the thirty-fourth line of the ,
twenty-sixth section, by inset ting the words," at j
public auction:" so that it will read: j
And for want of goods and chattels, or other personal 1
effect* ot such collect')! oi hi5 r.utctiec,sufficient to'-atistj ;
anv watram of di^ttvs-,. i-mpmI pursuant to the preceding -
) section ot tin* act, the lands and real estate of such col- ;
lectoiand hi* -uieticsut much thereof as may be ncccb- ;
saiv i'oi -au-f\m:r the -aid wanant, aftei being advertised 1
for "at lt\w th ice weeks in not less then thiee public place*
in the collection d^tuer, and in one newspaper piuued in
the countV oi di-tiici, it .ui\ then* he. puoi to tile pioposed |
time of -ale, mavnud ^ball'be ^old at public auction by the
marshal or hi-, deputy. .
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. WORCESTER. I now move to amend
the scction further by striking out all after line
thirty-four to the word "and" in line forty-one,
as follows: 1
Who shall make return of such sale to the assessor of the
district, who shall have all the powers of a court of law
to adjudge its regularity; and the deed of said marshal or
deputy matshal acknowledged before such assessor, an<3 re-
corded in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, sliaff
be final and conclusive as to the regularity of said safe,aftd
&ha)l vest in the purchaser all the title of the defendant.
And insert, in lieu thereof, as follows:
Who upon such sale shall, a* such marshal or deputy mar-
shal, make and deliver to the purchaser of the premises so
sold a deed of conveyance thereof, to be executed and ac-
knowledged in like manner as if said premises had been
sold on execution issued on a judgment at law; which said
deed so made, shall invest the purchaser with all ihe title
and interest of the defendant or detendants named in the
said wairant.
I understand this section as it now stands gives
to the assessor judicial powers. The return is to
be made to him as if he were a court, and he is to
judge of the sufficiency of the sale and of the con-
veyance. Now I do not know whether that is a
proper charge to give to the assessor. I can see
no objection to making the deed that is to be made
by the marshal or deputy marshal conclusive as
to the interest that is to be conveyed by the deed
to be made by him. He is not required by the
amendment as proposed to make returns to any-
body. He makes his deeds official to be sure as
marshal, but he makes no return to the assessor
or to any court, but the amendment would pro-
vide that the deeds so made by him should vest
in the purchaser such title as the owner of the
property had at the time the tax was assessed upon
him.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. It will be seen
that this is a very summary process of disposing
of real estate. It was thought, upon the part of
the committee, that some legal or constitutional
questions might arise in relation to the construc-
tion of such a provision. For instance: there may
be a lien of another party upon the land, and in
settling such a question in so summary a manner
we might inflict great injustice. I think the ob-
ject of the gentleman from Ohio might be attained
by striking out of the twenty-eighth and twenty-
ninth lines the words, " to be recorded in a book
to be kept by him for that purpose." The deed
would then be recorded in the book where all
other deeds are recorded. I think the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio should not be adopted,
and I hope it will not be. If it should not, i will
then move to strike out the words I have indicated.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word of it. I make
this motion for the purpose of saying that I think
this section as it stands, conferring judicial au-
thority upon these assessors, will give rise to very
grave questions of constitutionality. I doubt
whether any transactions of that nature can be
made valid. In reply to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Vermont, that the lien of another
party may be conveyed by such a deed, I will say
that if there be such lien the question can be tried
by the State courts, and the rights of such parties
enforced. I do not think there is anything in that
suggestion of the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. WORCESTER. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether any title can be conveyed in any
way by such a deed than that vested in the de-
fendant?
Mr. SARGENT. None whatever. The ob-
jection stated by the gentleman from Vermont,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
may do injustice to parties holding liens upon the
property, is answered by the fact that the Gov-
ernment of course levies upon the property of the
delinquent for the payment of the tax. 'The in-
terest, and the interest only, which the defendant
has in the property is sold, and the deed is given
for the property sold. The evidence of that is the
deed which the Government may give. We may
sell the property, and after having sold it wc may
give a deed for that property; and if the rights of
other parties are involved, they may be protected
by the State courts. There is, therefore, no ne-
cessity for organizing these new courts through-
out all the counties of a State. Wherever any
injury is done by the Government, redress may be
obtained in the State courts. This, I think, is the
best amendment which has been proposed to the
bill. It perfects it, and removes from it a feature
that would be equally dangerous to the Govern-
