254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
" Going no higher than a pound or sixteen ounces, we
have eighty different rates, or equivalent to it. The same
figures—the rates being alike—in some instances, in two
parallel columns, is purely accidental; the rates being on
a different scale, 01 by a diffeient principle, the knowledge
of them must be ajrived at by following chffeient roads.
There being two or three packages of different weights that
are the same i ate—in the second column—results from the
fact that newspupcis vvcjgli, on the aveiage, two and a half
ounces each, m?tead of one ounce. But a gieat many dif-
ferent sorts of matter aie lated in the old and absuid way,
foimerly adopted for letters, by the number of pieces the
paicel contains, and when these lates arc added to the
above, instead of three hundred and twenty different rates,
we shall have an infinitesimal number, amounting to some
thousands. These circumstances entail a vast amount of
useless labor and peiploxity upon tho public, and compel
our under-paid and iiard-wo: king po>t office clerks to attend
to the following details, every one of winch are totally use-
less, or would be, undei tuch a s>ealo of lutes a-s common
sense would dictate.
"1. They rau-t open, look into, or examine critically,
every package, to see what soi tot printed matter il contains.
" 2. They must put on the scales and weigh nearly evoiy
package, except newspapers and such as go by numbei of
pieces, to see what the rate is.
" 3. They must count the pieces m all such packages as
are lated by the number of papers oi pamphlet!? contained
within.
liA. They must, m a very large number of eases, lefer to
the law, and turn over the pages of an octavo volume to
learn the rate to be levied." *
Now, Mr. Speaker, the substitute which I have
offered steers clear of the objections urged by the
author of the communication just read. Public
documents and. books published by order of Con-
gress will now be charged at the same rates of
postage as now exist. I can see no good reason
why a discrimination should be made in favor of
congressional matter, and therefore I think my
substitute is to be preferred m this particular.
Farther, sir, this substitute has at least the
merit of being equal and exact. It places the
President and Vice President of the United States,
and " all others in authority," now entitled to
the franking privilege, upon the same level. For
this reason I think it should receive the support
of every member upon this floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like my friend to tell
me why he gives the franking privilege to the
Post Office Department, and does not include the
War Department and the Interior Department?
Why have not they the same right to send mat-
ter through the mails free of postage as the Post
0ffi.ee Department?
Mr. DUELL. It is perfectly obvious, it seems
to me, why an exception should be made in favor
of the Post OfKce Department. That Deportment
has the entire control and charge of the post of-
fices of the country, and it strikes me that it isvery
proper that the Postmaster General and his As-
sistants should have the right to receive and trans-
mit their matter through the mails free of postage.
I do not insist that the officers of the Treasury
Department and of the War and Navy Depart-
ments shall pay the postage upon their mail matter
out of their own poekcts. I leave it for the wis-
dom of Congicss to provide for reimbursing them
the expenses which they may incur m that way.
[ have, sir, by the fourth section of my substi-
tute, continued the law as it now stands m favor
of the publishers of country newspapers, who are
permitted to send to each subscriber in the coun-
ties where their newspapers are published one
copy of their paper free of postage. 1 think that
the country newspapers have a hard enough time
without imposing upon them the extra burden of
pciym^ postage upon their papers, and accord
5 • , T I ' 1 1 L      -w o.JV 11/ jJUl 11 bis J O
mgJy i think it no more than just and light tlmt ^for the most part, been an incident orowin.
♦ K. • ^,1-. , 1.7 .. . t „. K " . . * __" I . _ . rt • • /  i ,  r- . - - O <
which our fathers set up aro to be swept away,
and this one, also, I suppose, must follow next.
A select committee was appointed when this
subject was under consideration in i860, and a
report made by that committee, of which I had
the honor of being chairman. In this report
Hon. Charles Francis Adams concurred, as also
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] who
is still a member. Several months were spent by
that committee in careful inquiry and consideration
of this subject, and, as the result of their labors,
they submitted a bill which is simply a digest of
existing laws, pruning them of inaccuracies and
surplusage, and collating tliem into one act. A
report accompanying that bill contains all, it
seems to me, substantially at least, that can be
said upon the subject—certainly all that I could
say; and as it is far more elaborate, more concise,
and exhaustive than what could orally be sub-
mitted, I propose, with the consent of the House,
to read it as a portion of my speech.
Mr. Vallandigham then proceeded to read the
report, as follows:
This bill is at least equal and exact, inasmuch
as it proposes to prohibit the transportation of
any free matter through the mail except to the
widow of James K.Polk, late a President of the
United States, cutting off congressional franks,
and providing no means for the payment by Gov-
ernment of postage on official communications of
any kind. It requires every officer, civil, military,
or naval, now entitled to franks, from the Presi-
dent of the United States to deputy postmasters,
to prepay out of his own money postage on all
matter transmitted on official business. It forbids
the free exchange of newspapers, which has been
admitted by law or regulation since 1753, and pro-
poses thus, by one annihilating act of six lines,
full of manifest haste and want of consideration,
to reveise the settled policy of the Government
from its beginning. A graver question is seldom
submitted to Congress, and, duly impressed with
its importance,yourcommitteehavegiven anxious
and patient attention to it.
Though the post office system, as it exists at
this day, is essentially a modern institution, yet
posts are of very ancient date, and m every in-
stance have been either established or regulated
by the State. In Arabia and Persia they existed
long before the Christian era, and their speed, in
oriental figure of speech, was outstripped only by
the flight of time. Under the Roman emperors
the postal system was, as to expedition at least,
brought to great perfection, and Tiberius was
accustomed to indignantly reject all dispatches
which had been longer on the way than twenty
days from the extremest provinces of Asia. In the
middle ages, also, posts were established in vari-
ous countries of Europe; and'in Peru, at its dis-
covery, in 1527, the orders of the Inca were regu-
larly dispatched by couriers posted at convenient
distances along the principal highways. In India,
also, and eailier still in Taitary, a postal system
existed which, in the latter country, was very
extensive and complete. And at this day the post
office is an established institution of every State in
Europe and America, and in all it is under the
control of Government. More than this, it has in
almost every instance been first established by the
State for its own exclusive service in the trans-
mission of public dispatches and other official in-
telligence. The use of it by private persons has,
they should retain this privilege. Sir, if we arc
to interfeie with the franking privilege as it exists
at tins time, I think it is better to abolish it en-
tirely, root and branch, than to abolish it in part
ill the manner recommended by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. VALL ANDIGH AM. Mr. Speaker, when
the chairman of the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Iloads reported the bill now under con-
sideration, 1 intended to submit as a substitute
a bill prepaied with very gieal care by a special
committee during the Thirty-Sixth Congress; but
as at presentndvised, and unless the temper of the
House shall seem diffeient, 1 propose to content
myself with a genera) opposition to the proposi-
tion now pending. It would probably be unavail-
ing, in any event, it I should offer any amend-
ment. Tin* is the day eminently of small reforms,
and as this is one of the very smallest, J doubt not
it will find much W, I t is a tune, too,unhap-     .u auu.ner, ull
pily, wue n it seems as it all the ancient landmarks i! they should reach the place of their destination.
= «g UP
under it,first, fioni the necessities or conveniences
of trade and commcrce or of social correspond-
ence, and ultimately for the sake of income to the
State; and Blackstone treats of it in his Commen-
taries as a fixed and important part of the king's
revenue. In 110 country is postage paid on public !|
dispatches or communications by Government ji
officers out of their own private nnans. Even
111 Great Britain the abolition of franks in 1639
extended only to parliamentary and not to exec-
utive franking.
Wltliin a few years after the first British settle- ,
mcnt=s in Amenca posts were established by the
Legislatures of several of the colonies. In 1639, '
by authority of the General Court of Massachu-
setts, a postmaster was appointed in Boston; and
in 1657 Virginia provided for the transmission by
each planter, under the penalty of a hogshead of
tobacco, the currency of that day, of Government
dispatches from one plantation to another, till
One of the earliest acts of William Penn was the
establishment, in 1683, of a post office in Penn-
sylvania; and a monthly post was appointed, in
obedience to the king's command, between New
York and Boston in 1672. As early as 1692 a
postmaster general for all the colonies was ap-
pointed by letters-patent, with power to erect post
offices; but no efficient system was established till
1710, when, by act of Parliament, the postmaster
general was authorized to set up a general letter
office in New York, and other chief offices in each
of the colonies. Dr. Franklin served in the post
office department for nearly forty years; from 1753
to 1774 was postmaster general for all British
America, during which period he reduced the
service to a system, and for the first time made it
to yield a revenue to the Government.
Throughout the war of the Revolution, by order
of the Continental Congress, and under the direc-
tion of postmasters general appointed by them,
postal arrangements, more or less imperfect, were
continued, and the articles of confederation, rati-
fied finally in 1781, gave to Congress " the sole
and exclusive right and power of establishing and
regulating post offices from one State to another
throughout the United States, and exacting such
postage on the papers passing through the same
as might be requisite to defray the expenses of the
office.''
The convention of 1787 found the post office an
existing institution, and in five words empow-
ered Congress "to establish post offices and post
roads." Under this express grant, and the power
to make " all laws necessary and proper" for car-
rying it into execution, lias grown up that vast
and stupendous system of postal arrangements by
which intelligence of every kind, political, com-
mercial, social, and intellectual, is transmitted
with certainty, safety, and speed throughout the
United States, over routes estimated at two hun-
1 dred and sixty thousand miles in length, with an
j annual mail transportation of eighty-two millions
' of miles, and at a cost of nearly ten millions of
dollars.
Why was it, we may well inquire, that the Con-
stitution conferred a power so peculiar and so
immense? How comes it that any government,
above all that a republican government, founded
upon the fundamental principle of committing
nothing to government which the individual man
call as well accomplish, is the sole carrier of mail
matter, and yet carries nothing else? Unques-
tionably the primary reason is, that every State
has the right to provide the necessary and proper
means of communicating to public officeis, and
in a popular government to the people, its own
dispatches and otherpublicintelligence. The State
has just the same right to establish and control the
machinery used for this purpose as to construct
and own the arms and munitions of its army, or
the ships and equipments of its navy, or the build-
ings necessary for executive and legislative pur-
poses. B«t for public objects the "power ought
nc\ er to have been given, and when the post office
is 110 longer used by Government except 111 the
same way and upon the same terms as by the in-
dividual citizen, the whole of this costly and stu-
pendous machinery, with all its vast political
power and patronage, ought forthwith to be abol-
ished. As well miglitthe Government be required
to pay the market price for the arms and muni-
tions of war fabricated at its public factories, and
yet these factories be kept up for the purpose of
meeting the wants of private citizens, and made
"self-sustaining" by the means thus supplied.
As well might Government be required to pay
passage money and board for its naval officers
and seamen, in older that the iN'avy may be made
" self-sustaining" by the transportation of passen-
gers, for fare, from one port to another. As well
nuglit Government pay rent for its own court-
houses and custom-houses, in order that the Treas-
ury and the judiciary might be made "self-sus-
taining" by letting these buildings to private pri-
sons for hire. The analogy will be complete if we
suppose the civil, naval, and military officers to
be required, in each case, to pay out of then pri-
vate funds or their salaries the several expenses
thus incurred.
Your committee regard the Post Office as strictly
a Department of the "Government, to be used pri-
marily for public purposes, and differing in no
essential governmental principle from any other
Department. But private citizens, it may be said,
