1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22U
gument, to presentto you distinctly and briefly the
power which our Constitution, as interpreted by
our judicial tribunals, gives us to pass these bills.
The framers of our Constitution contemplated
no confederated treason; nor w„as it within the
range of their belief that the prcciso legislation
which the present exigencies require could be de-
manded. But when they ordained the Constitu-
tion, they declared in its immortal preamble the
ends to be secured. Among* other ends were these:
" to insure domestic tranquillity" and " to provide
for the common defense." Domestic tranquillity
is a political condition of things the opposite of
which a civil war exhibits. An organized and
confederated rebellion cannot consist with such
tianquillity. The purpose of the fathers was to
establish a frame of Government con taming powers
sufficient to insure peace between the States and
between them and the General Government. Con-
gress is, therefore, authorized " to provide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, to suppress insuriections, and to repel in-
vasions." It is empowered, also, " to raise and
support armies" and " to provide and maintain
a navy." Nowhere is Congress empowered in
terms by the Constitution to cany on war with
other nations. But by necessary implication that
power is found when armies and navies may be
raised. And it is not doubted that Congress may
employ the Army and Navy of the Union in sub-
duing a civil war, or in providing for the common
defense in a war with a foreign foe.
The Constitution further provides that Congress
may make all needful laws to execute the specific
powers granted. The power to declare and to con-
duct war, to raise supplies and means for its ef-
fective prosecution, and to do all those acts which
the sovereign power may, by the laws of war, as
recognized among nations, rightfully do, is thus
vested in the Congress ofjthe United States. It is
vested nowhere else. Of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and of the militia of the several
States when called into the actual service of the
United States, the President is Commander-in-
Chief. Iri him as such commander, and in the
generals under him, large powers are vested, in
the absence of any legislation, to conduct the war
according to their own discretion and sound mil-
itary judgment. Within the fair exercise of that
discretion those acts fall which, in the field, shall
weaken the power of the enemy and strengthen
the forces of the Government. At an early period
of the session 1 referred to one of these powers—
that of emancipation of slaves of rebel owners—
as a measure of military expediency. It might be
competent for Congress to restrain by law the ex-
ercise of that power; for in our Government the
military power is subject to the laws which Con-
gress shall enact. In the absence of any enact-
ment, the discretion of the commandeis would be
used according to the laws of war. But whatever
may be the power of the President, however large
or limited, the power to legislate concerning the
rights of war is with us. In the clear and direct
language of our great judge and juiist, Stuiy, that
power " includes the exercise of all the ordinary
rights of belligerents, and Congress may, there-
fore, pass suitable laws to enfoice them. They may
autho/ize the seizure and condemnation of the prop- |
erty of the enemy, within o> without the tcrritojy of ■
the United States, and the confiscation of debts due \
lo the enemy." . I
Chancellor Kent, in commenting on the case of !
the Emulous, reported in I Galhson, holds this ;
language: j
u On appeal, the Supieme Com t establish the principle i
that war gave to the soveieign lull right to t.iko the pei>on |
and confiscate the piopoity of the enemy wheievcr found. 1
But the exercise of the riirht depends on acts of Oongie^ "
This case, on appaal, was entered as Biown vs. !
The United States, and is reported in 8 Cranch.
It was first tried before Judge Story, who held,
in the circuit court at Boston, that no act of Con-
gress, except the act declaring war against Great 1
Britain, was necessary to give right of confisca- '
Uon. ,
'• We may lay it down a= a principle of public law1*— ■
I again cite Chancellor Kent—
"that it refill the di-cietion of the LepMafuie of the
Union, by a special taw 101 that puipo^, to confiscate debts !
contracted by our citizen^ and duo to the enemy —Vol. 1, 1 j
tenth edition, p. 76. . j
In Blown us. The United States (S Cranch, 4G) j j
Chief Justice Marshall says: «j
"The Jightto confiscate enemy property remains; and li
when the sovereign authority shall choose to bring it into
operation, the judicial dcpaitmcut must give cflcct to its
will." * * * * u Rut until that will is ex-
pressed, no power of condemnation can exist in the court."
In the learned opinion which Chief Justice Mar-
shall delivered m this leading case, he finds the
grantof power in the Constitution to Congress to
legislate in this respcct:
" Congress shall have power' to declare war, grant letters
of mat que and ieprisal,and make rules concerning captures
on land and water.' It would be restraining this rule within
narrower limits than the words themselves import to say
that the power to make rules concerning captuies on land
and water is to be confined tocaptures that are e.xtru-tem-
toiial. ff it extends to rules respecting enemy pioperty
found within the territory, then we peiceive an express
giant to Congress of the power m question as an independ-
ent. substantive powei, not included m that of declaring
wai."
We derive the right to legislate concerning war
and to pass all needful rules and laws from the gen-
eral powers contained in the Constitution. States
may not legislate, but Congress may. Whether,
therefore, the term "captures" is limited to per-
sonalty, or not, the power remains. And all the
reasoning of the learned judge who declared the
law in Brown vs. The United States applies to all
property, whether personal or real.
I close what I have to say on this point by citing
the opinion of Mr. Wheaton:
" It is competent for the national authority to work a
transmutation, total or paitial. of the piopeity belonging to
the vanquished party ; and if actually confiscated, the lact
mii"5t be taken for light. But to uoik :>ueh a lian'-for of
proprietaiy i mlits. some positive and unequivocal act of con-
fiscation is essential."
In the discussions that have occurred thus far
in cither branch of Congress concerning our enact-
ment of laws of confiscation, no exception has
been taken, I believe, to the use of the war power
resting on the ground that the Government of the
United States may not rightfully exert the powers
of waragainstthese rebel States and armed traitors.
Whatever may be their position as traitors, or
enemies in arms, or rebel States, the rights of our
Government are perfect lo make available against
them the powers which a state of war confers.
The mutual relations held by our Government
and these rebel enemies towards each other are
ably discussed by Judge Sprague in his learned
opinion recently given in the case of the Amy
Warwick antt cargo, reported m the April num-
ber of the Law Reporter, published m Boston.
In this opinion, thai eminent judge distinctly ad-
mits the i lghts of confiscation which war confers.
He says:
<:ln\vai each belligerent may seize and confiscate all
the piopuity of the enemy, wherever found, and this right
extends to the piopeity of all pei sous resident in the enemy's
countiy."
And he adds:
111 am satisfied that the United States, as a nation, have
full and complete belligcient lights, which are in mo degree
impaired by ihe fact that their enemies owe allegiance, and
havesupeiadded theguilt oi'treason to that of unjust war."
The legislation of Congress has already assumed
to exercise those rights. By the act of August,
18G1, entitled "An act to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes, "any property what-
ever used or acquired to be used in aiding the in-
surrection is declared lawful subject of prize and
capture wherever found, and all such property is
to be seized by order of the President and confis-
cated and condemned by the courts of the United
States. No provision is made in that law for per-
sonal summons or jury trial. It is a law against :
the property and not against the person of rebels !
inarmsandtheirabettors. The same law declares '
free the slaves of traitors employed against the !
Government. The powerunder the Constitution |
to pass that law amply covers the legislation now !
proposed. i
Mr. Speaker, the loyal people of the United States I
are calling loudly upon Congress to enact these [
laws. Scarcely a day has passed since our present i
session commenced that petitions have not come !
up to us from our constituents, earnestly pray- I
ing for immediate and thoiou^h action. This war i
against the Government has now endured for more <
than a full y<;ar. At its commencement, by pioc-
lamation and public speech, efforts were made at
home to state such grounds impelling them to
separation, as might engage the sympathies of
southern men in what was styled the "cause of
the South." At the same time unsei upuiousand
able emissaries, official and private, were busily
stirring up the prejudices of foreign nations, in
the hope that national recognition and material
aid might be secured. But, excepting in two re--
spects, the leading rebels differ widely in their
statements of grievances set forth to justify their
mad rebellion. In two respects they do agree.
1. That the principle could 110 longer be tol-
erated that in the great policyof our Government
the expressed will of the majority should control
its action. This was the doctrine of the May-
flower compact, upon which our civil institutions
have been made to rest.
2. That in the light of experience it had been
made manifest that the true corner-stone of the
highest order of society, political and social, was
that domestic relation known as the institution of
slavery.
The southern confederacy, composed of States
uniting, but reserving in advance the right of with-
drawal, have banded themselves together against
our Government and its peoples and States and
institutions. In the annals of history no record
is found of rebellion so causeless and so cruel
against a Government so beneficent and kind. In
the conduct of this ferocious war, the softened
usages of modern warfare have been wantonly
and uniformly disregarded. In battle, the most
savage practices, at which the heart recoils dis-
mayed, have been permitted and encouraged.
Upon defeat, the most fiendish plans have been
conceived and executed to effect the murder of vic-
tors from whom they fled. Wells of water and
abandoned stores of war have been poisoned
Concealed instruments of death have been planted
within the forts and under the waters ana along
the roads, for the destruction of loyal men who
have overcome them in the fight. The property
of men true to the Government has been, by con-
federate legislation, seized, confiscated, and sold.
Immense sums of money due to loyal citizens
have been appropriated and freely used to give
material strength to this rebellion. The leading
and official traitors, against whose property this
legislation proceeds, have, with desperate unanim-
ity, pursuant to sacrilegious oaths yet fresh upon
their lips, devoted their estates to the successful
prosecution of this nefarious war. The strength
of our Government, the resources of its loyal cit-
izens, the young men of our homes, the hope and
the pride of oui life, have been offered up a free
sacrifice upon the altar of their country. The war
yet continues. Hundreds of thousands of rebel
soldiers compose their armies, led on in the field
and sustained in council and in congress by traitors
whose property, employed for your destiuction,
this bill will confiscate, and whose slaves your
rightful action will set free. My friends, let there
be no hesitation here! Tiie time has come. Your
country demands your intervention. By your al-
legiance to the Constitution you have sworn to
protect, and the free institutions our fathers es-
tablished, I invoke you to consummate quickly
this needful legislation which shall crush out this
foul rebellion, and insure domestic tranquillity for
evermore.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, as one of the se-
lect committee of seven to which this subject was
referred, and having agreed to the report of the
committee so far as the bill upon the subject of
confiscation of rebel property is concerned, it is
due to myself, as well as to the friends with whom
I have m the main acted upon this floor, that I
should give the reasons to the House which have
influenced me in my conclusions, and which will
ultimately influence my vote upon this proposition.
The pertinacity with which distinguished and
able lawyers have adhered to the constitutional
objection for the confiscation of rebel property,
and especially to a bill containing the provisions
which aie found in this bill, and the machinery
by which it is to be accomplished, induces me to
give that bianch of the subject more consideration
than under other circumstances I would consider
it entitled to. These objections are founded upon
several different provisions of the Constitution,
and I shall consider them in the order in which
they present themselves to my mind.
It is provided m the Constitution that,
" Tieason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or m adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comlbit."
Anotherclause of the Constitution provides that
No attaindei of tr< a-on shall woik coiruption of blood
or foifeituio, except during the Jifeof the person attainted.'
It is insisted, in the first place, that the first
