1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or longer, during the time for which a license lias been
granted."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is possible
that the language of the bill does not express the
meaning intended. It was intended, if the build-
ing was destroyed in the manner stated in the bill
so that it could not be used under the license for
six months or longer, that the provisions of the
bill should apply.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I understand that if
the building is burned in one, or two, or three
months from the commencement of the license, one
half of the license money, accruing between that
time and the expiration of the license, shall be re-
funded; and that the provisions of the bill do not
apply in case the building has been used for six
months or more. If the building has been used
only one month, then half of the license money
for eleven months is to be refunded, in case the
building is burned or otherwise destroyed, as men-
tioned m the bill. I do not see anything inequi-
table in that.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally arose, and
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 136) to pro-
vide for the appointment of sutlers in the volun-
teer service and to define their duties, and a joint
resolution (S. No. 65) to authorize the Secretary
of War to accept moneys appropriated by any
State for the payment of its volunteers, and to
apply the same as directed by such State.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MALLORY. I am in favor of striking
out the whole section. I think the principle
embodied in the section, if it exists at all, should
be carried out and applied to every description of
articles taxed by this bill. For instance, if I have
tobacco, which is taxed three cents a pound, and
should have it burned by accident, I incur as great
a loss as the distiller who has his distillery burned;
and for the same reason I should have a remis-
sion of taxes. But if you should carry out this
principle to all classes of articles taxed, you would
make this bill very objectionable; and if you do
not, you make an unjust discrimination. 1 see
no reason for paying this particular regard to men
who pay a license to carry on a particular kind
of business. As it would be impolitic and impos-
sible to apply the principle to every article taxed
under this bill, I desire that the provision should
be left out altogether.
Mr. EDWARDS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
section by striking out, " shall be of no further
avail," and inserting in lieu thereof the words,
" shall be given up to said collector and be by him
properly indorsed, and held as a voucher of such
payment." It seems to me that the collector
should have something to show as a voucher for
the payment.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman. Ithmkthecommitteeareagreed,upon
reflection, that this section shall be negatived alto-
gether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. This re-
lates to the payment for a license to use a certain
building for a year. It is not a tax upon goods.
If you will left!' to the fust section, you will see
that it provides for a license for six months as well
as for a year. All that this provides is, that if a
party fails to enjoy, he shall not be required to
pay the amount specified; if he loses the oppor-
tunity of carrying on a particular business, he
shall have an abatement.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a credit to him.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. He has not
got what lie contiacted for.
Mr. MALLORY. He may rebuild.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I rise to make an inquiry as
to the twenty-ninth section. It would seem that
the only action possible under this section against
a person who refuses to admit an officer to ex-
amine his buildings, is a civil action. That does
not provide for punishing an irresponsible party
at all; and we may expect that the execution of
this law will be hindered and obstructed unless
we provide some efficient remedy.
Mr. STEVENS. If the party refuses to admit
the officer, the assessor can assess the property at
three times its value. I think that is penalty
enough.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the thirtieth section, in the third line, by striking
out the words " of the," where they occur after
the word " any;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3D. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any poison
shall forcibly obstruct m' lundor a collector or deputy col-
lector 111 the execution of this act, or of any power and au-
thority hereby vested in lnm, or shall forcibly rescue, or
cau^e to be lescued, any property, articles, or objects, after
the same shall have been seized bv hun, or shall attempt or
endeavor so to do, the pcr*on so offending shall, for every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of §500.
The words are unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the thirty-second section, as
follows:
Jlnd lje itflather enaetci, That in case a collector shall
die, rosian, or bo removed, the deputy of such collector
longest in service at the time immediately preceding may
and shall, until a successor shall bo appointed, discharge
all the duties of said collector, and for whose conduct, in
case of the. death of the collector, Iiis estate shall be re-
sponsible to the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I think that
section needs amendment. These deputy col-
lectors will probably all be appointed on the same
day. I move, therefore, to add at the end of the
section these words:
And of two or more deputy collectors appointed on the
same day, the one residing nearest to the residence of the
collector at the time oflns death, resignation, or removal,
shall in like mannei discharge said duties until the appoint-
ment of a successor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to amend that
section, by inserting in the fifth line after the
word " whose" the word " official,"and by strik-
ing out the word "his" before "estate" in the
sixth line, and inserting " the," and by inserting
after " estate" the words " of the said deceased
collector," so that the section will read:
That in case a collector shall die, resign, or be removed,
the deputv of such collector longest in scivice at the time
immediately pi ('ceding, may and shall, until a successor
shall be appointed, dischanje all the duties of said collector,
and for whose otiicial conduct, in case of the death of the
collectoi, the estate of the said deceased collector shall be
responsible, &c.
I suppose that it was really the intent of the
drafter of the bill to make the estate of the de-
ceased collector liable for the official conduct of his
own deputy, who is fulfilling liis office by reason
of his death.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out all
after the word " collector" in the fifth line, in-
cluding what has been inserted on motion of my
colleague from the Steubenville district.
It seems to me that it is manifestly unjust to
charge the estate of the deceased collector with the
default of his successor in office. If it is thought
proper by the committee to provide that the oldest
assistant collector shall take the place of the col-
lector in ease ofhis death, resignation, or removal,
I have no objection to that; but to provide that the
estate of the deceased collector shall be liable for
the official default of his successor in office after
his death, seems to me so manifestly unjust that
I do not understand the policy which guided the
Committee of Ways and Means m inserting the
provision. If any good reason can be given for
it, I will withdraw my amendment; butas at pres-
ent advised, I think these words ought to be
stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The collector,
under this bill, gives bonds to the United States.
The deputy collectors give no bonds to the Uni-
ted States, but it is provided that they may give
bonds to the collector. The collector is the only
person who is held responsible to the Government
of the United States, and he is authorized to take
and require bonds and other securities of these
deputy collectors. He appoints them and is re-
sponsible for them, and I see no impropriety in
this provision.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague, if it is to prevail at all, by
striking out the preceding lines which provide
that the deputy shall discharge the duties of his
deceased principal. I do it for the reason that if
the deputy is to succeed to the office of his de-
ceased principal, he ought to succed to the oflice
upon the very conditions upon which that prin-
cipal was originally appointed. As was well sug-
gested by the gentleman from Vermont, these-
deputy collectors are to be appointed by the col-
lector, and the collector is authorized to take bonds
for his own indemnity. If he does so, his estate,
does not suffer under this provision. If he does*
not do so it is his own fault, and the public otfght
not to suffer by reason of his default. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment of my colleague
will not prevail, or if it docs that it will be with
the amendment I suggest, that the deputy's office
shall cease with the death of the principal.
The general rule at the common law—and it is
a wise one—is that the agent dies officially with
his principal, and that all his official powers cease
with him; but my colleague, as he proposes to
proceed in this matter, would reverse the rule of
the common law and allow the agency to continue
after the death of the principal without any re-
sponsibility except the personal responsibility of
the agent. I ask my colleague to remember that
as the law now stands the deputy gives no bonds
to the United States, and he woulu, therefore, suc-
ceed to the office ofhis deceased principal, under
the amendment suggested by my colleague, with-
out giving any security at all.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say, in reply
to my colleague, that I recognize the propriety of
the principle adopted in every other section of this
bill so far as it relates to the deputy collectors, that
the principal collector shall be responsible for the
defaults of the deputies whom he appoints, and
who are kept in office by his authority. But if
the gentleman will notice, he will perceive that
after the death of the collector, these deputy col-
lectors are no longer in office by virtue of his ap-
pointment. They then hold their offices under
the provisions of the law. If their official terms
expired at the moment of the death of the princi-
pal, there would be some justice in holding him
responsible for their deportment during the period
when he can supervise them. But if they hold
their offices ofter his death by virtue of the law,
then his estate ought not to be held liable.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to suggest to my
colleague that the collector will know at the time
he appoints his deputies, that, m case either of
these contingencies happens, his duties will de-
volve upon one of those deputies, and that the
responsibility will devolve upon his estate.
Mr. PENDLETON. What greater propriety
is there in a provision like this, that a man's es-
tate shall be liable after his death, than there would
be in a provision holding a man responsible for
defaults occurring after his removal from office ?
If the President of the United States removes one
of these collectors, and his deputy goes on and
discharges the duties of the office, the collector is
not liable after his removal. But, according to the
provisions of this bill, you make the case of a man
who dies infinitely worse than that of one who is
removed from office by the President. Now, if
the office of the deputy collectors expires at the
moment the collector is removed, either by death
or by the action of the President, it is perfectly
right that, up to that time, he should be held lia-
ble, because he can supervise his deputies, and can
see whether they are in default. But if you make
him liable for their acts after the time has passed
when he can supervise their conduct and see that
they perform their duty, you do what I think is
manifestly unjust.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amendment
to my colleague's amendment, so that the ques-
tion may be decided on the merits of his propo-
sition.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "for whose conduct, in case
of the death of the collector, his estate _ shall be
responsible to the United States, and inseiting
in lieu thereof the words, "shall be required to
give the security required from the principal col-
lector." That will place the deputy collector,
who succeeds the principal collector, under the
necessity ofgivmg such bonds for the peiformance
ofhis duty as the principal collector gives. I do
not want to hold the estate of the deceased col-
lector responsible for the action of his successor;
but I would require this successor to give the same
security for the faithful performance of his duty
as the original collector had given.
Mr. PENDLETON. I accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Kentucky, and
move it as my amendment.
