i smj-
THE congeissiokai, GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved. Does any other Senator
desire a Separate vote on any other amendment?
The question then will Be on concurring in the
remaining amendments to the bill.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment indicated
by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. I am informed by those who
are competent to know, that no substantial bridge
with a greater span than two hundred and seventy
feet, and even that is an experiment, tan be con-
structed. This is a proposition in which the people
of north western Virginia are very deeply interested
as well as the peopleof the State ofOhio,and I may
say the people ofthe wholecountry; forevery man
in New England who has a pound of flour to buy
is interested in the cheap transportation from the
grain-growing States of that article to his home.
It enables him to purchase it at a less sum; and
by the aid of these bridges across the Ohio, you
can have a direct communication from the great
grain-growing interest of the West to the entire
country East; you reduce the cost of transporta-
tion, and as a matter of course you reduce the
cost of the article. Now, I understand that the
widest span probably of a bridge over which a
railroad has passed is two hundred and fifty feet.
As I understand, this width of two hundred and
seventy feet was agreed to by the parties in inter-
est in this matter; and I think, with all respect
for the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that
the little inconvenience of taking their boats down
the Ohio river as they bring them out of the Alle-
ghany and Monongahela into the Ohio river, cer-
tainly ought not to outweigh the great benefits
that are to result to the entire country by the
construction of these bridges, and enabling these
roads to pass withoutinterruptions that there are
now between the various lines running from the
East to the West. I hope the proposition as it
came from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads will not be amended by the Senate,
but that the Senate will non-concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in increasing the width of
this span; and upon that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the Senate in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, striking out
" two hundred and seventy, "and inserting" three
hundred;" and on that question the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas.22, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning,Cowan,Davis, DooiitUe, Fcs-
senden, Grimes,-Halo, Harris, Henderson, Howard, IIowc,
King, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Morrill, Powell, Sim-
mons. Ten Eyck, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wiigllt—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cailiie, Chandler, Claik, Col-
lamer, Foot, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Pomeioy, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stark, Sumner, Wade, and Willey—15.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read athird time. It was read the
third time.
Mr. POWELL. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Oarlile, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Davi%I)oolmle,Fessend™, Foot,
Hale, Hailan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe, Ken-
nedy, Kuig, Lane ol rndiana, Lane 01 Kansas, Alornll,
Pomeroy, Rice, Salisbury, Sherman, Simmons, Stark,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Grimes and Powell—2.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 531) increasing
temporarily the duties on imports, and for other
purposes, and asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr. E. B.
Washburne of Illinois, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to, the bill (H. R. No. 438) to grant
pensions, and asltcd a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Mr. William S. Holman of Indiana, Mr. John
N. Goodwin of Maine, and Mr. Recben E. Few-
ton of New York, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had insisted on its amendments
to the bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act of March
3,1837, entitled " An act supplemental to the act
entitled 'An act to amend the judicial system
of the United States,' " disagreed to by the Sen-
ate, disagreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the second amendment of the House to said
bill, and asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. James F. WiLsoNof Iowa, Mr. John
A. Bingham of Ohio, and Mr. Robert Mallory
of Kentucky, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 550) to
further provide for the collection of the revenue
upon the northern, northeastern, and northwest-
ern frontiers and for other purposes, and asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. William
P. Sheffield of Rhode Island, Mr. Schuyler
Colfax of Indiana, and Mr. Samuel S. Cox of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
71) providing for the distribution of surplus cop-
ies of the Blue Book for 1861 among the several
bureaus in the Executive Departments.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 328) for
the relief of Louisa Abert Byrne.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE. I desire to submit a report from
a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 433) "making ap-
piopriations for the naval service for the year endmg June
30, 1863," having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Semite's second, fourth, twenty-ninth, fotty-second, and
forty-eighth amendments, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their eleventh, nineteenth,
twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, thiity-
first, thirty-fourth, forty-first, forty-third, aud forty-seventh
amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Hout e to their fourteenth amendment,
and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's foity-sixth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment follows : after the word " thirty,
in line throe of said amendment, add the word " five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to so
much of the Senate'* twenty-second amendment as pio-
poses to inseit the words,11 Provided, The Soeretaiy ol' the
Navy can proem e a satisfactory title to the whole thereof,
sixty-five thousand," and agree to the same, with the lol
lowing amendment: strike out the woid* proposed to be
inserted, and alter the woid " dollais," in line twenty-four,
mseit, " Provide^ That the chief of the llurciu of Bocks
and Y^ards be, and he is hereby, authorized to purcha*e that
pottion of Scavey's Island lying east of the road, for such
sum as to him may seem reasonable aud advantageous to
the Government. 
In explanation of this, I will say that several
of these amendments are unimportant. I will state
the principal items of dispute. The first was as
to the Naval Academy at Newport; and as to that,
very much to your regret, sir, undoubtedly, (Mr.
Anthony in the chair,) the Senate recede, leaving
the academy at Newport for the present. 'Another
disagreement was in regard to the purchase of
Seavey's Island, adjoining the Portsmouth navy-
yard. The House of Representatives proposed
to buy twenty-seven acres and a fraction, and the
Senate to buy the whole island. We finally com-
promised by buying what the House proposed,
the twenty-seven acrcs, and authorizing the chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, if he can pur-
chase it for a reasonable sum, to buy all thatiies
east of the road, which is the most valuable part
ofthe island. The pi ice lias been agieed upon,
but we leave that to the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks. The Senate recede from their
opposition to the House amendment in regard to
the Charlestown yard; so that yard is to have the
addition. There was a difference in regard to the
age of chaplains when appointed. We put it at
thirty years; the House disagreed to it, and we
have compromised "on thirty-five. The House
recede from their opposition to the abolition of the
spirit ration, and also to the addition of $300,000
to the clothing fund for the Navy. I believe I
have now stated all the amendments that are of
any consequence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) Has the Senator from New Hampshire the
bill with him ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir. I am told that the
papers belong to the other House, but we asked
for the conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the bill is in
the House of Representatives, the report must
first be acted on there.
Mr. HALE. Does the Chair decide that this
report cannot be acted on without the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must first be
acted on in the House where the papers are.
TARIFP BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 531) increas-
ing temporarily the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and,
On motion of Mr, FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate he appointed by the President pro tempore.
Messrs. Fessendkn, Simmons, and Howard,
were appointed.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled "An act supplementary to the act
entitled 'An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States,' " disagreed to by the Senate,
and the amendment of the Senate to the second
amendment of the House to the said bill; and,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the Home of Itepiesentatives to the
said bill, di^agieed to by the House, and upon its amendment
to the second amendment of the House thereto, insisted on
by the House; aud that it agree to the conference asked by
the House of liepiesentatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of eonfeience on the part of
the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Collamer, Mr. Wright, and Mr. Ten Eyck.
PENSION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill ofthe House (No. 438) to grant
pensions, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; and.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate inMst upon if- amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the Iloiw of Representatives,
and agree to the conference a>ked by the llou&e on the dis
agreeing votes of the two IIou?es thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference be appointed
by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Foster, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Howe.
TERM OF SERVICE OF MILITIA.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the bill (S, No. 384) to amend the act calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
j^ressinsurrections, and repel invasions, approved
February 28, 1795, was read a second time and
considered as in Committee ol'tlie Whole. It pro-
vides that whenever the President of the United
States shall call forth the militia of the States, to
bo employed in the scrvicc of the United States,
he may specify in his call the period for which
such service will be required; and the militia so
called shall be mustered in and contnnip to serve
for and during the term so specified, unless sooner
discharged by command of the President. So
much of the fourth section of the act to which this
is an amendment as conflicts with this act, and all
acts aud parts of acts conflicting with this act, are
to be repealed. The oiganization of the militia,
when so called into service is to be conformed to
the organization prescribed by the Constitution
and laws for volunteers.
