2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
clause of the Constitution to which 1 have referred,
furnishes a constitutional definition of the crime
of treason, and that the second clause, considered
in connection with that first clause, inhibits the
confiscation of property except during the life of
the person who commits the offense, I deny the
correctness of both propositions, and I shall fur-
nish to the House the construction which i give to
these two clauses, and hope I shall be able to show
that they interpose no obstacle to the enactment
of such a law as is contemplated in this bill.
What was the object of that clause of the Con-
stitution which gentlemen assume defines the crime
of treason? That is the first question to which
our inquiries should be directed. In order to de-
termine it properly, it is necessary for us to con-
sider, to some extent, the history of this thing
called treason. Under the common law of Eng-
land there were a number of offenses that consti-
tuted treason. At a very early period of English
history, prior perhaps to the reign of Richard II,
the crime was made out of the following causes:
Compassing or imagining the death of the king.
Compassing or imagining the death of the Gtueen.
Compassing or imagining the death of the eldest
son. Violating the king's companion, the king's
eldest daughter unmarried, or the wife of the
king's eldest son and heir. Levying war against
the king. Adhering to the king's enemies, giv- :
ing them aid and comfort. Counterfeiting the
king's great or privy seal. Counterfeiting the
king's money. Slaying the king's chancellor or
justices.
In the reign of Richard II, there were other
causes of treason provided by act of Parliament
—the killing of an embassador, and a purpose to
kill the king without an overt act. Between the
reigns of Henry IV and Glueen Mary, there were
numerous causes of treason provided by act of
Parliament. Among others were, clipping money;
breaking prison or rescue when a prisoner is com-
mitted for treason; burning houses in order to ex-
tort money, counterfeiting foreign coin; willful
poisoning; execrations against the king; stealing
cattle by Welshmen; calling the king opprobrious
names bypublic writing; counterfeiting sign man-
uals or signets; deflowermgor marrying without
license any of the king's children, sisters, aunts,
nephews, or nieces; judging or believing the king to
have been lawfully married to Ann of Cleve; with
numerous others of the same kind. Many of these
offenses were treason at common law when the
Constitution of the United States was framed.
When we come to consider the condition of the
common law in reference to this crime of treason
at that period of time, the meaning and intention
of this clause of the Constitution is easily ascer-
tained. It was not inserted there for the purpose
of controlling the legislative department of this
Government in fixing the crime of treason. It
was not laid down as a perfect ascertainment of
what should constitute treason in ail time to come
in this country. I admit that the legislative de-
partment of this Government cannot go beyond
the limit fixed by this clause of the Constitution.
They cannot make the counterfeiting of the cur-
rent coin of the United States treason. They can-
not make treason out of any other acts than those
described in this clause of the Constitution. But
what was the object of its being placed there?
Not as a definition of the crime of treason, but as
a limitation and restriction upon the power of
Congress in defining the crime of treason. The
Constitution of the United States does not operate
upon individuals directly. The provisions of the
Constitution are intended as grants of power and
limitations upon the vatious depaitments of the
Government, each acting within its particular
sphere. Hence we find that the first Congress that
assembled after the Constitution was adopted—
ignoring the idea that now prevails in many quar-
ters, that the Constitution itself furnishes a defin-
ition of the crime of treason—undertook to fur-
nish a definition of that crime, in pursuance of
and m obedience to that clause of the Constitu-
tion. I will call the attention of the House to the
first section of the act regulating the punishment
of crimes and offenses against the Government:
" Ifanypei'on or persons, owing allegiance to the United
States of America, s-h.ill levy wai against tlieni, or slinll
adheie to their enemies, giving them aid and eomtoit,
within the United States or elsewhere, and shall !)<• theieof
convicted, on confession in open coupf, or on the testimony
of Kvo witnesses to the vaine overt act of treason whereof
he or they shall stand indicted, mch person or persons shall
bo adjudged guilty of treason against the United States, and
shaii eufl'er death.5'
Now, sir, if the clause of the Constitution in
question had defined the crime of treason, above
which the legislative department could not ascend
and below which it could not descend, there was
no necessity for Congress, at its first session after
the Constitution went into effect, to define anew
the crime of treason, as they have done in the sec-
tion of law which I have just read.
Mr. Speaker, I understand that the Constitu-
tion of the United States operates upon the various
departments of the Government, granting or re-
stricting powers, and not upon individuals. In
other words, offenses committed by private citi-
zens of the United States are not offenses against
the Constitution of the United States, but offenses
against the laws of the United States made in
pursuance of that Constitution. The object, then,
of the insertion of this clause in the Constitution
of the United States was to prohibit the Legisla-
ture from making out of any other act or acts than
those described in the clause the crime of treason.
I have always understood it to be the rule in the
execution of powers that the agent might go to
the extreme limit of his powers. He never can
transcend or exceed them, but he is in no case
bound to go to that extreme limit. Ifl am correct, |
and this is a power lodged in the Congress of the j
United States, Congress, in defining the crime of
treason, may go to the limits prescribed in the
Constitution,butcannot exceed them. Congress,
in undertaking to define treason, is not bound to
go to those limits. They may waive treason, and
make of the acts described in the Constitution a
crime of lesser grade.
If that be a correct construction of this clause,
then it follows that the consideration of thesecond
clause, to which I have referred, stands upon a
wholly different ground from that assumed by
gentlemen who have urged it as an objection to
the constitutionality of ,i confiscation bill. If trea-
son is punishable under an act of Congtess, and
not undei the Constitution, it docs not follow that
because an individual citizen commits one of the
acts described in this clause, therefore he isguilty
of the crime of treason. He may he guilty of a
lesser crime, or he may be guilty of no crime at
all, according to the manner in which Congress
may exercise its discretion within the limits im-
posed. To make my illustration clearer, I will
put this proposition: suppose the Congress of the
United .States had taken no action in reference to
this crime of treason; suppose they had provided
no machinery by which this provision in the Con-
stitution could bo carried into effect: could an
indictment for treason under this clause of the
Constitution have been sustained and prosecuted
to conviction? I hold that it could not. There
are numerous cases illustrative of this proposition.
For instance, one familiar to us all is the fugitive
slave law. The Constitution of the United States
provides that no person owing service or labor in
one State escaping into another shall be released
by reason of any law or ptovision in such State
to which he escapes. This is the constitutional
provision, a constitutional right; but until the
legislative dep&vtmcntof the Governmentprovides
the machinery by which this right is to be en-
forced, it amounts to nothing, so fir as its prac-
tical operation is concerned. The legislative de-
partment, either of the States or of the Federal
Government, must furnish the instrumentalities by
which this constitutional right may be enforced.
Gentlemen may smile at this proposition; but
when they come to understand the point at which
I am aiming, as I proceed, they will perhaps com-
prehend my proposition bettei than they do now.
1 hold, then, that it does not follow that because
the Constitution has circumscribed and limited the
Congress of the United States m defining the crime
of treason, a citizen of the United States, because
of this provision of the Constitution, is guilty of
the crime of treason whenever he commits any of
the acts described. And if that does not follow,
then the objection made that you cannot confis-
cate, except duiing t-he life of the peison attainted,
has no application to this bill. The second clause
of the Constitution to which I have referred, uses
language which cannot be mistaken. il No at-
taindei of treason shall woik corruption of blood,
or forfeiture, except during the life of the person
attainted." The bill now under consideration
makes no proposition to forfeit upon an attainder
of treason. I frankly admit that if the Congress
of the United States were to undertake to pass a
law to punish the crime of treason within the limit-
ations prescribed m this clause, they could not •
attach to the sentence and judgment attainting per-
sons of treason, this forfeiture for a greater period
than during the life of the person attainted. But
this bill makes no such proposition. So far as it
is intended to operate upon citizens of the United
States, it waives the crime of treason, and under-
takes to punish in another form and for another
offense altogether different from that contemplated
by the second clause of the Constitution, to which
I have referred.
And now let me consider for a moment the office
of that second clause. What was it that was meant
by the framers of the Constitution when they de-
clared that no attainder of treason should work
corruption of blood or forfeiture for a greater
period than the life of the person attainted ? What
good was intended to be accomplished by this
clause? What evil was intended to be prevented
by it ? This is the question we are called upon to
consider, and to which I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the House. Now, sir, at the ancient com-
mon law estates were held by tenures altogether
different from those by which estates are held in
our country. Before the feudal system prevailed
in England, these forfeitures arose more in the
nature of breaches of contract than otherwise. I
have taken from Blackstone's Commentaries a
description of what this thing amounted to before
the feudal age. I desire to direct the attention of
the House to how he understood these forfeitures
to work, and to the principles on which they
rested; and I undertake to say that it has no more
application to a confiscation bill than have the laws
of the Medes and Persians. Here is what he
says, (book 4, p. 382:)
"lie who hath violated^he fundamental principles of
Government, and btoken ln-> part of the original eontiact
between tlifi Government and the people, hath abandoned
his connections with society, and hath no longer any right
to their advantages, which before belonged to him purely
a*  <i member ot the community, among which social ad-
vantage* the light of iransleiririg or transmitting propeity
to others i.s one ot the chief."
Before the feudal ages this was an elementary
principle which prevailed among our Saxon an-
cestors. When the feudal system was erected in
England this principle was incorporated into the
tenures by which all the real estate was held
in England. According to the presumption of
law there, and which was a fact, too, the titles to
all estates were originally in the king, and were
by him parceled out t0 his subjects on certain
conditions, one of which was that the subject
should bear true allegiance to the sovereign, and
render military service when lequired at his hand.
Whenever a judgment of attainder in the courts
of England was pronounced, it resulted as a prin-
ciple of the common law, that, the condition on
which the attainted person held kis estate having
been forfeited, the estate itself was forfeited.
When our fathers undertook to make the Con-
stitution, they did so in view of that incident of
attainder of treason as it existed in England; and
it was only to cut off that incident that this clause
was inserted in the Constitution of the United
States. It has no reference whatever to a confis-
cation bill. Forfeiture implies a breach of some
agreement. As the king originally owned the
land given to his subjects on certain conditions,
those conditions being violated, the land, as a
matter of course, and according to the course of
the common law, resulted back to the Crown.
Confiscation is altogether a diffeient thing. Con-
; fiscation implies no preexisting condition. It is
' an exercise of sovereign power, used for punish-
j ing the citizen for crimes against its authority,
| punishing him in the thing seized and confiscated,
j and not m person. It is the appropriation of
, property, the title to which was held on no con-
, diuon whatever but as the absolute property of
| the_ person who controlled and used it. Confis-
■ cation is a punishment for crimes against the au-
| thority of the nation. The Government, in the
cxercise of its sovereign authority, has undcr-
, taken to confiscate and appropriate that property
: to its own use. That is what I understand con-
j fiscation to be, as contradistinguished from for-
. feitures forbuldon by the clause of the Constitu-
I tion to which I have referred.
If 1 am correct in my construction of these two
i clauses of the Constitution, the whole argument
