T31E OOMGMESSiOML GLOBS.
3199
as servants,as gjiards, and spies. Senators seojn
to think they are not fit for soldiers. It is said
that white men will not fight side by side with
them. In the South rebels fight side by side with
them. In the South the negroes do the labors of
the camp. They do all the hard work. Why
shall we not avail ourselves of their services to
perform the same class of duties for us ? I do not
believe that the whites and the blacks will ever
mingle together on terms of equality. My notions
on that subject have been defined often enough.
1 think the law of caste is the law of God; you
cannot change it. The whites and the blacks will
always be separate, or where they are brought to-
gether, one will be inferior to the other. That,
however, is not the question now. Here the blacks
are in ourcountry—four millions of them. They
are, from their very position, character, and in-
terests, our natural friends in subduing this rebel-
lion. They would" aid us heartily. As soon as
their limited understanding and information ena-
bles them to comprehend this contest, they will
aid us the more heartily. Now, shall we avail
ourselves of their services, or shall the enemy
alone use them ? That is the question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio whether it is his opinion that it is
within the constitutional competency of Congress
by passing this bill to direct the President to en-
roll every negro slave in the State of Maryland,
and whether the President, by enrolling them in
the form of military service, either as laborers or
soldiers, can give them freedom as against their
masters. I take the State of Maryland simply
because it has not presumed to secede.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that it is
within the constitutional power of Congress in
raising armies to enroll whites and blacks, free
and slaves. And it is equally clear that Congress
may, when military service is required, deprive a
father of his right to the labor of his son, and the
master of the services of his slave. But this right
is measured by the military necessity, and when
exercised against a loyal citizen should be accom-
panied by full compensation. A different rule
applies to the property of an enemy. It is not
probable that the President will enlist the slaves
of Maryland unless the vicissitudes of war com-
pel him to defend that State. Then surely the
Senator from Delaware would not object to the
employment of their slaves. And it is very sure
that if the slaves of loyal citizens are employed
in loyal States compensation will be made.
But, sir, this provision is intended to apply to
other States where loyalty is crushed under the
despotism of rebels. The slaves employed will
be the slaves in South Carolina, Louisiana, and
similar States. It isiof these we are legislating.
I desire to give the President of the United States
ample power to employ the negroes of these States
and all free negroes for all purposes for which
they may be usefully employed, either as ser-
vants or laborers. I would authorize every com-
pany to employ eight or ten of them as servants
to perform the drudgery ofcamp life, and especially
such labor as must be performed under exposure
to the sun and heat of the cotton States.
How far emancipation should be extended to
these slaves who render faithful service to the
country is a more difficult question—but upon a
few propositions we certainly can agree. Who
would surrender to his rebel master the heroic slave
pilot, who, by his courage and sagacity, added
a vessel to our Navy? Who would surrender to
a rebel master the slave who, amid heat and storm
and battle, fed and cared for and waited on our
officers and soldiers? Who would give up to per-
petual slavery ihe very many negroes who, during
this war, have risked their lives to convey us im-
portant intelligence? Sir, whatever vagaries and
prejudices may cling to us, I trust no one among
us would consent to reward the services of loyal
slaves by perpetual and hopeless bondage to rebel
masters. Such a policy would be far more in-
famous than the rebellion itself. Without fur-
ther defining my views upon this subject at this
time, I am willing to affirm for myself that never
will 1 consent to surrender a slave who has ren-
dered any service, however menial, to our Army
to the custody of a rebel master; nor will I (Jcprive
a loyal master of his interest in the services' of his
slave without full compensation.
The only, doubt I have about this proposition
is how far it will affect the loyal people of the
southern States. I do not yfish to throw a straw
in their way., 1'do.jjot wrsh'to impiajr"their rights;
As by thef>'' lofaf la$,,tbey h'a;v<r'thS nghf/,to> hold
slaves', "I do"llpt wish'to afifeet that'rfgMf'0'r,'iF I
am forced to do it, I wish to' give 'the'tft the full
compensation provided for by the Constitution of
the United States; but as. to those men who are
now seeking to subvert the Government, who are
usingslaves for that purpose, who are arming their
sons and dependents to fight us, I would employ
their slaves and make them free. The objection
to the proposition as it now stands is, that it affects
all alike. Therefore it is unjust, and I trust will
be modified.
Mr. President, in my judgment this war will
never successfully end until the people of the
United States are thoroughly alive to the situation
and condition of the country. By conscription
laws the rebels have united the whole physical
power of the rebel States in their army. They
seize all kinds of men, white and black, and
force them into an involuntary service, whether
they arc loyal or disloyal. Some gentlemen here
are very much afraid that we will employ black
men and allow them to do loyal service. While
these gentlemen are continually arraigning the
Administration and Congress and all who desire
to put down the rebellion, for doing any act that
would not be justified in time of peace, they never
say one word about those who are seeking to sub-
vert the Government by means that we dare not
resort to. We have heretofore resorted only to vol-
unteers; we have appealed to the patriotic people
of the United States to volunteer and engage in
this war,and nobly have they responded; but, sir,
I take it, if it be necessary in order to subdue this
rebellion, we will resort to all the power given us
by the Constitution of-the United States. 1 have
no hesitation in saying myself, that rather than
see this country broken up, rather than bequeath
to the nextgeneration a broken Union and interm-
inable war and anarchy, I would vote for a gen-
eral conscript bill; and, sir, I think the necessity
now exists for such a law. I would unite the
whole physical power of this country, white and
black; and, if necessary to preserve the Union,
would desolate every rebel State. The object is
too great for us to stand upon trifles. We all
know and feel that if this war ends upon the basis
of a dissolution of the Union, we bequeath to gen-
erations yet unborn interminable war. You can-
not have two nations of the same race side by side
with each other, with a boundary of two thousand
miles, without interminable war. There will be
causes of )■ alousy springing up between them
that you cannot now foresee; and if you would di-
vide the country, or allow these men to divide it,
there would soon be internal commotions in the
southern and in the northern confederacy. The
Eastand the Westwould quarrel. Factions,em-
bittered by local interests, would destroy ail that
two generations of men have accumulated. To
avoid such calamities I am willing to resort to ex-
traordinary measures; and if the appeal now made
for volunteers, if the arming of the militia, if the
employment of negroes is not sufficient, then 1
would do what every other Government has done
under like circumstances; what our fathers did in
the war of 1812; 1 would, by a fair law, unite and
combine together, in one great army, the whole
physical force of this country, and, if necessary, I
would desolate every State that stands in the way.
I assure Senators here that, although the people
of this country are somewhat saddened by recent
disasters, although the whole country is now a
scene of mourning, yet the spirit and the determina-
tion of the people is not checked ill the least. I
know how it is among my constituents. There is
no wavering. I notice, and il isa healthy sign, that
even under these defeats the Democratic conven-
tion in my State, composed of men who held off
from the war, have uttered more patriotic senti-
ments in view of these defeats than they did before.
I consider ita good sign, that old politicians, whose
whole heritage of patriotism consisted in a parly
name to which they cling, while theirold associates
are in armed rebellion, have now advanced a few
steps. They have announced their position that
never, under any circumstances, whatever meas-
ures may be necessary, will they consent to a dis-
solution of the Union. If they will only stand
upon that ground, I heartily welcome them to pa-
triotic association. I have no doubt that we shall
beable to light this war to a successful termination.
I know it is sometimes said that we do not suf-
ficiently consider the wishes of the loyal people
;:in. the southern "States, and that the discussions
of' Congress add to the difficulties of their posi-
tion. This is hardly just. Without surrendering
the right of free discussion it is impossible, even
if desirable, to check debate upon any question
affecting the public interests.
Nor is it true that we affect the rights and in-
terests of loyal men in the South. Their services
have been and are highly appreciated. Such pa-
triots as Johnson, Holt, Stanly, Crittenden, and
hosts of others, whose courage and patriotism are
worthy of the highest praise, have always received
and ought to receive the aid, sympathy, and sup-
port of our people. I would not exchange our true
loyal southern men for many loyal northern men;
simply because in their loyalty they are sur-
rounded with many difficulties and dangers that
we do not feel. It has been chiefly through their
influencethatourgenerals have heretofore repelled
the services of slaves or negroes. The chief argu-
ment has been that a different policy would excite
the rebels or make us new enemies from among
the indifferent or neutral in the South. I now ap-
peal to their candor to say if this policy has not
been sufficiently tried and has not failed. While
we have been forbearing and kind, our enemies
have by violence forced into their ranks many of
the men whose favor we have sought to win by
kindness.
We cannot hope to satisfy those who carp and
complain at all that is done. They are enemies
none the less for pretending to be Union men. It
is for the really loyal men of the South I would
defer on all questions affecting slavery, until yield-
ing would endanger the great object of the war—
the preservation of the Union. Their feeling
against the employmentof slaves in the wargrows
out of the legal condition of the slave in a slave
State, where, by the local law, they are regarded
simply as property. We cannot view them in this
light when legislating here. By the Constitution
of the United States they are regarded as persons.
As such they are represented here. We have the
same right to call upon this class of persons for
military duty that we have to call upon the white
men of the country. If you should pass a con-
script law, you have the same right to draft ne-
groes into the service of thcUniteaStates as white
citizens; but I agree that your draft would not
deprive the owner of his right to the service of his
slave after your need of his service had ceased.
It is true that by the militia laws of Ohio, and
perhaps of all the States, negroes do not muster
with the white people. They are not enrolled as
part of the militia; and why ? Because the preju-
dices of caste separate the white man from the
black man, and always will; but in a time of ne-
cessity, when their services are needed either as
servants or laborers, you have the same right to
call on the free negro or the slave negro as you have
to call on the Senator from Delaware or myself.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desiie to suggest to the
gentleman that our State laws on the subject of the
nulitia, confining the enrollment to white men,are
as directed by the United States statute. The
United States, under the Constitution, have the
right to organize the militia,and Congress in 1793,
passed an act for organizing the militia, and con-
fined it to white people, and that is the reason our
State laws exclude negroes. The judges of the
supreme court o"f Massachusetts decided that the
State could not enroll in the militia any others than
those authorized by the act of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is another explana-
tion; but even in the absence of any law excluding
black men from the militia, I know that naturally
the prejudice of caste is so strong as to separate
the white and black; and even ' this proposition,
as framed by the Senator fi-oni Inwa, recognizes
that distinction, because it requires white and
black to be organized into regiments accoiding to
l-ace and color, thus separating them. But that
the black man of this country owes military ser-
vice just as much as the white man, 1 do not think
any one can gainsay. The fact that he is held to
service does not relieve him. The apprentice is
liable to military duty, and yet he is held to ser-
vice within the meaning of this clause of the Con-
stitution. A lawyer who is hired to defend or
prosecute a case, is held to service; and he is bound
by the law to perform that service, if he agreed to
do so. So with a preacher; so with a doctor; so
