1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
against this bill resting on them falls to the ground.
In the first place, the Constitution has not defined
-treason; and in the next placc, the attainder re-
ferred to is not such a proceeding as is contem-
plated by the provisions of this bill, but is the
judicial sentence pronounced on treason by a court
of competent jurisdiction. This clause of the
Constitution was only intended to cutoff one of
the incidents of sach a judicial sentence. And
why ? The reason of it is apparent. Our system
is altogether different from the English system.
Our tenures of land are differentfrom those which
prevail in that country. Our fathers undertook
to inaugurate a new system of polity; and there
was no one thing which operated more strongly
on their minds than the idea of protecting: the cit-
izen against the aggressions of the executive de-
partment of the Government. In England all those
guards were thrown around the king, and were
intended to perpetuate his power, and place him
beyond the reach of his subjects. In this country
no such ideas prevailed. Hence, when our ances-
tors came to frame a Constitution to govern them-
selves and their posterity, they were careful to cut
off all those incidents which would have followed
a judicial sentence pronounced for treason, and
which would have resulted to the oppression of
the citizen. This was the whole office of that clause
of the Constitution; and I think that if gentlemen
will give it mature reflection, they can come to no
other conclusion.
The next clause of the Constitution to which I
call attention, is that in which it is provided that
no bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall bo
passed. Now, M r. Speaker, I have been surprised
that gentlemen learned in the law can, for a mo-
ment, think of running a parallel between a bill of
attainder, as forbidden by that clause of the Con-
stitution, and a confiscation bill. Why, sir, they
have no quality alike. A bill of attainder always
operates retrospectively. It undertakes to make
a crime of that which was not a crime when the
act was committed; or it undertakes to pronounce
a legislative sentence where the proof would not
enable the Crown or the Government to procure
a judicial sentence. These are the two offices of
a bill of attainder. It operates always retrospect-
ively, and undertakes to punish that which has
preceded it, and not to prescribe a rule under
which offenses are in future to be punished. Here
is the broad, marked line of distinction between
the two things. A confiscation bill declares to the
citizen, "if you commit such an offense against
the authority of the Government you shall be
punished in a certum form." If that has any sim-
ilarity to a bill of attainder, which undertakes le-
gislatively to sentence a citizen to punishment for
a crime already committed, I have not been able
to discover it. If any one thing in this connec-
tion astonishes me more than another, it is that
gentlemen learned in the law should conceive the
idea that a bill confiscating the property of citi-
zens of the United States is assimilated to a bill of
attainder, as contemplated and forbidden by this
clause of the Constitution.
The next clause of the Constitution to which I
shall lefer on this question is that which provides
that no person shall be deprived of his life, liberty,
or property without due process of law. Perhaps
there is more difficulty in the consideration of this
clause than in that of either of the others to which
I have referred. I have endeavored to give to it
that consideration which its importance demanded.
If I have failed to comprehend it, it has been be-
cause my mind is not, perhaps, capable of grap-
pling the subject. I have not been able to bring
my mind to the conclusion that the words "due
process of law," in this Constitution, mean the
same thing in all cases. I have been led to that con-
clusion, not only by my own reflection on the clause
in question, but by the examination of opinions
that are entitled, with me, to great weight, and by
theuniversal practice of the United States,and per-
haps of England, wheie questions involving the
same principles have very frequently arisen.
Whatis meantby " due process of law ?" That
is the'inquiiy. If a man is called upon to answer
in a case where his life or his libeity is involved,
"due process of law" is, in my judgment, that
which appropriately fits such a case. The indi-
vidual cannot be deprived of his life or his liberty
without being personally present in court,^and
without having accorded to him a trial pursuant
to the course of common law, becauseadeprivation
of the life and the liberty of the citizen is a per-
sonal punishment. It acts upon the person, and
he must be personally present whenever any pro-
ceedings are inaugurated or carried out affecting
his person.
But when we undertake to deprive a citizen of
his property, in my judgment the same principle
does not apply. When we undertake to rcach the
thing, and not the person, we may do it with that
kind of process which is appropriate to that par-
ticular purpose. The case frequently referred to
in this connection, of proceedings in our courts of
admiralty, is a case in point. Now, I am perfectly
aware that gentlemen have attempted to draw a
distinction between that class of cases and the class
of cases contemplated by this bill by a fiction, and,
I will say, the merest fiction of law. It is that the
thing itself is criminal, that the property by which
the offense against the law is committed is the
guilty thing, and the owner of it, whose mind is
operated upon by the motive of avarice, or what-
ever it may be, is not considered guilty of the
crime in the eye of the law. His property is the
guilty thing.
Now, I undertake to say that this practice is
founded upon no principle. It is founded upon
public necessity and public convenience. It is
adopted as the most convenient means fortheGov-
ernment to defend itself and punish offenders
against its laws. Hence there are known in our
courts what are called proceedings tnrem, because
the levenue laws are violated, and violated in many
instances by persons beyond the jurisdiction of
the United States, and by persons not citizens of
the United States. The public necessity and the
public convenience have therefore demanded that
some process of law should be devised or framed
by which this class of cases may be reached. The
principle upon which the use of this process is
justified is, that some proceedings must be de-
vised adequate to the purpose, and a proceeding
in rem is the only proceeding that would be effect-
ive; and such proceedings in such cases are " due
piocess of law." Ky due process of law you may
capture, seize, carry into port, and condemn prop-
erty that is being used to evade the revenue laws
or 'defraud the Government on the high seas. But
the due proccss of law by which you may accom-
plish that object is not the due process of law by
winch you may undertake to deprive an individ-
ual of his life or his liberty, or which is applicable
to his own individual person.
Another class of cases to which I refer is the
tax sales. Each State has a system for the col-
lection of its own revenue. The Government of
the United States has a system for the collection
of its own revenue. I imagine that every State
in the Union provides by law for the summary
collection of its revenue, both from the citizen in
the first place and from the persons employed to
enforce the revenue laws in the second place. They
are clothed with summary power to ascertain the
value of property, to issue distress warrants, and
send them out into the country to be executed.
For that purpose you are authorized to seize a
man's property, to seize his person, to take away
a man's property, to takeaway his libeity. Why?
Not upon a mere fiction of law, but upon a great
public necessity. But the due process of law,
which is sufficient in such cases, is not the due
process of law required to be usml in other cases.
Each must be appropriate to its particular object.
None can invade the constitutional rights of the
citizen.
I have before me a case in 18 Howard, which
is perhaps familiar to the lawyers present. It is
the Swartwout case, m which the Supreme Court
of the United States affirmed the position which
1 have assumed in regard to this question, m un-
dertaking to determine whatis due proccss of law.
This was a case in which the Solicitor of the Tieas-
ury of the United States issued a distress warrant
against him and his security, for a balance due
the Government. It was sent out and executed
upon real estate. That real estate was sold,and
the title in question came up in the courts. The
Supreme Court decided that the title wriS valid. I
shall notfcUndertake to read all this decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. The court
decided that although there was no jm*j? tual pro-
vided, although there was no allegation =Vnado
against the parties, although there was no issue
in the case made up, although the case was not
determined before any court, yet within the mean-
ing of the Constitution it was due process of law;
and it was determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States that the title thus-acquired was
a good title. I now read from a portion of the
decision given in the case by Mr; Justice Curtis?
" Tested by the common and statute law ot England prior
to the emigration of our ancestors, and by the laws of many
of the State? a( the time of the adoption of thisramendroeiit,
the proceedings authorized by the act of 1820 cannot-,be
denied to be due process of law, when applied to the ascer-
tainment and recovery of balances due to the Government
from a collector of customs, unless there exists in the Con-
stitution some other provision which restrains Congress
fiom authorizing such proceedings. For, though* due pro-
cess of law' generally implies and includes actor, reus, ju-
dex— regular allegations, opportunity to answer, and a trial
according to some settled course of Judicial proceedings,
yet this is not universally true. There may be, and we have
seen that there are cases, under the law of England after
Magna Chana, and as it was brought to this country and
acted on here, in which process, in its nature final, issues
against the body, lands, and goods of certain public debtors
without any such trial; and this brings us to the question,
whether those piovisions of the Constitution which relate
to the judicial power are incompatible with these proceed-
ings ?"
Now, Mr. Speaker, the point I am laboring to
establish is, that it does not follow, because no cit-
izen can be deprived of his life, liberty, or prop-
erty except by due process of law, that that due
process of law must always be the same. I read
this for the purpose of establishing the proposi-
tion I have laid down in maintaining in this part
of my argument that the due process of law by
which a man can be deprived of his property is
not necessarily the same kind of process by which
he may be deprived of his life or liberty, that what
is meant by " due process of law" in the Consti-
tution is such proccss as is requisite and appro-
priate to accomplish the desired end, always pro-
vided, however, that the law-making power must
keep within its constitutional limits in framing the
machinery and jurisdiction of the legislative de-
partment of the Government. That is what is
meant by this clause of the Constitution, and not
an indictmentby grand jury, the arraignment and
trial, with all their accompanying incidents, which
arc so much spoken of by those who oppose the
doctrines of this bill. Those constitute due pro-
cess of law m particular eases, whenever the life
or liberty of the citizen is involved; but whenever
you undertake to reach his property, you reach
it by a process appropriate to the accomplishment
of that object, and that process is a compliance
with this clause of the Constitution.
But, sir, there arc other classes of cases illus-
trative of my views. I apprehend that in all the
States of the Union cases arise in the courts where
personal process is not served, and where prop-
erty is taken from the citizcn. It rests upon the
same broad principle. There aie certain instances
in which it is impiacticable that process shall be
personally served. It is true that the Legislatures
of the States have, in some cases, provided for
notice by publication in the newspapers. If the
thing is within the jurisdiction of tne court, the
person need not necessarily be present. Titles
are constantly divested under that land of pro-
ceeding, and I have never heaid their validity
called in question. It rests upon the same gen-
eral principle that, when we take the pioperty of
a person, it must be by due process of law, but
the requirement of the Constitution implies that
it must be by that piocess which is appropriate to
the particular purpose.
It is objected that this bill deprives parties of
the right of trial by jury. I deny it. I say that
there is a section in this bill which secures the
right of trial by jury, if the party chooses to ap-
pear in court and demand it. Wo obtain juris-
diction over property by taking hold of the thing.
It is provided by one clause of this bill that the
laws of the United States regulating proceedings
in prize courts and coui ts of admiralty shall gov-
ern the proceedings under this bill. In looking
over those laws, 1 find one branch of the laws
which regulate suits in regard to maritime trans-
actions upon lakes and rivers inland, gives the
ijo-ht of trial by jury, and I understand this clause
of the bill which incorpuiatcs that law, to entitle
the party, if he chooses, to enter his appearance
arid to demand a trial by jury upon any issue of
fact. The section ofthe law relating to admiralty
cases, to winch T refer, will be found in Bnght-
ley's Digest, (page 25,) in that branch of jurisdic-
tion which relates to lakes and rivers. And one
clause of this bill incorporates that law as a part
of it, so far as it is applicable.
