2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Congress of the United States abolish, abate, and
sponge out the existing State of South Carolina,
so that where there are laws «nd rights and rela-
tions there shal! be utter blank, chaos, and confu-
sion? If so, by what power, or in the cxcrcise of
what right?
The United States arc the sovereign paramount
of the territory and people of South Carolina, and
as such must be obeyed in her limits, and by all
her people. Wc have the right to enter upon her
soil and reduce her citizens to obedience, to pun-
ish them for their treason, and see to it that our
authority is forever respected. Beyond these we
may not go. We cannotforce her citizens to take
part in carryingforwardour nationalGovernment,
nor can we deprive them of the rights and immu-
nities conferred by their State laws, any further
than that may be an incident or part of the punish-
ment we may rightfully inflict for crimes against
us.
If, in the confusion of these troublous times,
any merely State right has fallen into desuetude or
abeyance, the right belongs to the surviving citi-
zens of the State. It cannot revert to the United
States. And to such citizens will it belong to say
how or when they will resume and exercise it. So,
too, as a healthy and loyal sentiment shall again
spring up, her people may again resume their old
relations and return to their old places in the na-
tional Government. Thus, then, the State may
and shall survive the fearful anarchy so impiously
invoked by its own misguided sons; and through
this preservation alone shall the nation itself re-
sume her old proportions and glory.
Is not this an infinite deal better and safer, and
more in accordance with the genius and spiiit of
our Constitution, than the startling and dubious
scheme, under a more than doubtful power, of re-
garding the rebel States as extinct, and their peo-
ple a lawless mob, without lights, and who are
again, by a long and odious pupilage under na-
tional tuition, to graduate towards new State organ-
izations, under discouraging and prejudicing em-
barrassments, which, when finally attained, will
in nowise be more favorable to the peaccand pros-
perity of the nation than would have been those
so uselessly discaided? Jn the name of all states-
manship, what is to be gained by it? in the pur-
suit of this subject, I beg here to offer a icmark
upon another topic connected with it. It is a habit
peculiar to this and another floor to deride and
deery and deny State rights. We are sometimes
given to understand there are no such things, and
if there are, they are but hurtful elements of mis-
chief, and that it was in their delusive name that
was hatched the awful convulsions we are passing
through.
Sir, upon nothing does the safety and success
of our system more depend than on the strict ob-
servance and maintenance, inviolable, of all the
rights of the States. So long as they move health-
fully within their prescribed orbits,the whole vast
and complex scheme must successfully accom-
plish its purposes. But he who would strengthen
the General Government at the expense of the
States, fatally disarranges the whole.
The General Government, in its scopc and in-
strumentalities, was always strong enough. It
was not through the inherent weakness of the na-
tional machinui y that the piesent huge evils came
upon us, but wholly through the wickedness of
those who woiked it at the time. The strongest
Governments on earth have been often overcome
by rebellion. Mere strength never furnished im-
munity against rebellion. It is the nature of power
to draw power to it till it absorbs all power. This
characteristic is found in man's love of dominion.
The national Government, from a weak and fee-
ble enginery, has grown to become a formidable
sovereign, swaying a great continent, and shak-
ing the earth with the tread ofits armies. With
immense pationage, its innumeiable places, its
dazzling heights, its great power, with which it
tempts and rewards the ambition of the talented
and great, it has subsidized and drawn to itself
and its service, has bound in its train of follow-
ers,all the aspiring, restless, ambitious, and schem-
ing ot the whole land. Who now seeks thehum-
bier service of a State, save as a training ground
and a portal to the imperial and dazzling service
of the so\erc!gn? In the mean time, the States,
from being a constellation of proud nations, sec-
ond only to the one greater, have, in her haughty i!
presence, shrunk and shriveled and slunk away 11
to be the mere provinces and departments of the
empire,until nowit is boldly proposed to declare
that seven or eight of them have disappeared from
the map, and the places they occupied are but
thousands of miles of anarchic wastes, to be by
us erected into imperial provinces, and placed
under the dominion of the great proconsuls whom
the President shall send forth in armed pomp to
sway over them. In the name of my people I pro-
test against this, to me the most astonishing and
dangerous scheme ever advocated on this floor.
Sir, I know where my highest allegiance is due,
and no act of mine shall ever stand inconsistent
with that obligation. But I love my State with a
strength that will find expression only in a life-
time of humble devotion. Her forests sheltered
my infancy, when my mother, after a weary pil-
grimage of six hundred miles, laid me under their
shade. There my father made his rude cabin
home, and there is his grave. I have seen that
State grow from feeble, scattered, and rude ham-
lets of huts and clearings, shut in by interminable
forests, to a powerful nation, rich in all the grand
and ennobling arts of refined Christian civiliza-
tion. I have seen her leading her troops of beau-
tiful children along herbroadand numerous ways
of education, viitue, and religion, to the world's
great fields of usefulness and enterprise. I have
heard her whisper with the voice of inspiration
and creation in the sealed-up ears and teach the
language of praise and gratitude to the inarticu-
lating tongues of her unhearing mutes. I have
seen her kindle the light of joy and gladness in
the darkened caves where groped her unseeing
ones, while the unfortunate whose intellects were
smitten of God sit at her feet clothed and in their
right minds. She, like her sisters, has confronted
this great catastrophe in proportions equal to its
demands. Her self-elected ones have mshed to
every danger; their voices have swelled every
battle-shout; and their blood has been kneaded
into the red mire of every rent field. And eveiy
son of hers who blanches there or hcie will, by
one throb of her indignant heart, be hurled to the
infamy he merits. I speak of her as the noble
and brave men about me may truly speak of their
own loved States; and when I see this threatened
blow raised to annihilate eight of her sister States
—patricidal traitois though they aie, in whose
presence all otdmaiy cinninals look vnUious,
blanched by horroi into the pale semblance of in-
nocence—I tremble lest the recoil of that fearful
blow endangers her; and therefore in her name I
protest against such a policy, and I know th«t my
colleagues who differ from me most, will be the
most cordial to unite with me in this sentiment.
In my judgment, wc may in no way under our
Constitution punish the rebels in communities.
Wc are then left to the only just and practicable
mode that remains to us; that of dealing with them
as individuals, which holds each man to answer
only for his own transgressions, and permits a
wise and discriminating selection of the proper sub-
jects for punishment, accompanied ever by mercy
and humanity, in whose absence justice itself often
degenerates into revenge.
As individuals the rebels may be punished by
loss of life, loss of liberty, banishment, loss of
citizenship, the right of holding property, and the
disability of acquiring, or enforcing any rights,
underany law, State or national. Obviously these
must all be provided and defined by statutes yet
to be enacted that can only take effect in the fu-
ture, or from their passage; thus allowing immu-
nity for the past and present from all save such
penalties as existing laws provide.
The proposed enactment should, m my judg-
ment, necessarily piovide for its own execution by
judicial process, finding, and judgment; subject to
the ameliorating clemency of the Executive in
proper cases. I cannot at present consent to a
mere military court, save to enforce mere martial
law.
What atonement shall be deemed sufficient by
the injured party, who is to fix its measure, as-
certain its guilt, pronounce solemn judgment, and
execute the sentence? Obviouslyand clearly wc
arc not to follow the savage examples of old bar-
baious extirpations recorded in the pages ofclas-
sic history. No utter destruction or remo\ai of
entire communities: no rnzmg of cities, driving
the plowshare over their foundations, and strew-
ing their empty places with salt, and thus doom
them to eternal steiilifyand solitude. Nor vvjil
there be any blowing of Sepoys from the muz-
zles of huge guns, amid the gibes of a brutal sol-
diery, according to the latest Christian example;
but the whole will be conducted pursuant to en-
lightened law, by its appointed ministers, accord-
ing to its forms and usages, with deliberation and
decent, solemn dignity. There will be at the least
six or seven millions of criminals to be in some
manner dealt with or passed over; great States
full of abject, of desperate, sullen, sulky, or sub-
dued and* penitent culprits awaiting trial and judg-
ment. The mind,not to name the heart, soul,
and human instincts, the cold, impassive, inflex-
ible judgment that no emotion can shake or dis-
turb,"revolts at the idea of holding these masses
individually responsible or attempting to take ju-
dicial cognizance of their misdoings. That is not
only utterly impracticable, but impossible. We
are rather to regard them as the fanatics of a great
popular delusion, the victims of a mental disease
and brain-plague that has swept whole nations,
than the responsible doers of punishable crime.
We may doubtless dismiss from among them,
without an inquiry, the whole female sex, and
thus dispose of one half numerically. It is very
possible that, with few exceptions, all persons
under age may be sent to join their mothers and sis-
ters. To these we shall* doubtless add the undis-
tinguished and undistinguishable herd, the mass,
the commonalty, that go to make up the numeri-
cal total of the rebels and malcontents. All these,
with the exception of one particular to which ref-
erence will be made, may well, after taking the
solemn oath of perpetual allegiance, which should
be administered to men, women, and children,
gray-beards and infants, grand-dames and tender
maidens, in some public, impressive manner, be
dismissed to their repentant i ejections, and the ad-
monishing miseries that their crimes and folia s
have pluckcd upon thcirown heads. This would
reduce the number to some thousands, and enable
the mind to deal readily with their mere number,
and to classify and adjust them in the scale and
ranks of infamy. They would constitute in a bad
way the elite, the aristocracy of treason, made up
of its unbilled and unescaped leaders.
With icference to the infliction of the severer
penalties,doubtless a further discrimination might
be made in favor of many. It is doubtless true
that some who occupied places somewhat promi-
nent, weie in a measure coeiced to it, while many
moie, under a false apprehension of their duty to
their seceding States, felt constrained to follow
their fortunes respectively, as a matter of absolute
duty. The mass of those so remaining we doubt-
less might judicially put to death, though proba-
bly no advocate of such a gross slaughter would
come forward. By what principles shall wc be
governed ? What rules shall we apply m the ad-
ministration of the extreme penalty? Shall we
measure and estimate the blood and tears shed
for the nation and demand compensation in kind'
Shall we count the slain in battle and take life for
life? Shall we say ten thousand, one thousand,
five hundred, or one hundred lives shall measure
the judicial atonement in blood ? Clearly, no rule
founded on such considerations will govern us.
Obviously the degree of punishment to be awarded
should in some measure correspond with the dig-
nity and importance or the turpitude of the crim-
inals, respectively, in the treason. The so-called
president, vice president, and cabinet of the traitor
government should die. I would unhesitatingly
award the same fate to evci y man who held a com-
mission in the American Army and Navy who
abandoned his God, his country, and his flag for
the cause of treason. I would as unhesitatingly
put under the same condemnation every member
of the Thirty-Sixth or the present Congress who
joined the rebels or gave them aid and comfort.
Clearly, those who held judicial positions and
other high places under the Government, foreign
ministers, &c., and who abandoned them for re-
bellion, should be liable to the same penalty. I
know no reason why traitor governors, the mem-
bers of the traitor cbngress, and generals, should
not fall within the same category. Traitors who
have ever holden high places under the Govern-
ment, members of the rebel State governments,
and any and all who had won a bad eminence,
should be foiever banished, ot the least. The
residuum I would punish by imprisonment and
fines, loss of citizenship, inability to sue in the
courts, &c. Above all and over all, no man of
