260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the duties of a Representative, it is in communi-
cating freely with this class of people in my dis-
trict; and the same rule may be extended to every
other district, who would not seek for information
if they did not get it free of expense.
Now, sir, if there are abuses in the exercise of
this franking privilege, those abuses should be
corrected; but do not, I pray, abrogate a system
which, for nearly a century, has given entire sat-
isfaction to the whole nation, i pray that this
may not be done. The times do not demand it.
The public exigencies do not require it. If the
gentleman from Indiana is anxious for reform, let
him look for it in other places. Let him bring in
a bill to reduce the salary of members of Con-
gress to $1,000 a year, or $500 a year, or to give
no salary at all, and I will vote with him. Then
he will reach a fundamental principle of reform.
But an attempt to make reformation with refer-
ence to the franking privilege, which is for the
benefit of the whole nation, is not coming up to
my idea of reform. I shall not be the proposer
here of any measure for the reduction of the sal-
ary of members. I am satisfied with it as it is
now; I should be satisfied with it if it were re-
duced one half or abolished altogether. I am will-
ing to follow the precedent of the English Parlia-
ment with reference to this question of having no
pay for members; but I am not willing to follow
the precedent of abolishing the franking privilege,
which would cutoff all communication between
yourselves and the men whose interests and rights
you represent here. It is a seven by nine meas-
ure of reform. It is a measure of reform that is
not demanded, not asked for. The members of
the Post Office Committee who reported this bill
are acting, undoubtedly from honest purposes; I
do not impugn their motives at all, because I pre-
sume they are honest in presenting the measure
to the House; but I do not think that the good
sense of the House will indorse the measure; and
I therefore move to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw that mo-
tion until some further discussion shall be had. I
desire to say a few words on the subject of this
bill, and so do other gentlemen.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois, after he shall have finished his remarks,
renew thr motion to lay the whole subject on the
table?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That would
hardly be just to the committee or to the House,
and i hope the gentleman will not persist in re-
quiring it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COLFAX. Several speeches have been
made against the bill, to be followed now by an-
other on the same side, and it would not be fair
to cut off reply. •
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is a course
which I do not propose to pursue. Mr. Speaker,
the question before the House is one of some im-
portance, and yet, perhaps, every member has his
mind fully made up in reference to the general
proposition. However, there are some objections
to this bill in its details, and some objections to it
in principle, which I propose for a moment to con-
sider. I shall not go into the question of the pol-
icy or the philosophy of the establishment of mail
routes and post offices. What is more properly
before the House now is the question of the pol-
icy or propriety of the franking privilege as con-
nected with the postal service. That, sir, is strik-
ingly set forth in the first section of the bilJ, which
characterizes it as a measure for the abolition of the
franking privilege. If the bill had carried out that
idea in full, I would have had less objection to it
than I have, Sofaraslam concerned as a member,
and in my official capacity, I would prefer to-day
that the franking privilege were not imposed on
members, drawing with it all those incidents which
make it, m fact, a burden. But it is one of those
burdens to which the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia alludes, which we ought to bear, arid beat-
manfully and bear willingly. The theory of the
action of this branch of the national Legislature
is based on the idea that what we do here as the
Representatives of the people shall not only be
known to them, but have the freest circulation
among them through the medium of the press and
the postal system. Everything that tends to that,
everything that is calculated to diffuse what we
do in its true and ungarbled sense, is of benefit to
the people; not because our acts are the wisest,
not because great errors are not committed here,
but because by this means the people know what
we do, keep us in check, and compel us to do their
will. Whenever you strike, either directly or indi-
rectly, at that principle in our Government, you
sacrifice that which is more valuable to the Gov-
ernment than all its treasure.
The first section of this bill, I remarked, abol-
ishes the franking privilege. The second section
restores it in a manner which is to me exceedingly
objectionable. I confess that I am surprised that
the Post Office Committee should have reported
a bill so clearly inconsistent with its declared idea
—the abolition of the franking privilege. Having
abolished the franking privilege entirely m the
first section, it provides, in the second section,
that all persons now entitled to the franking priv-
ilege shall be authorized to send all mailable mat-
ter through the mails without the prepayment of
postage, the same having the name of the person
sending it written or stamped thereon, the postage
to be collected from the recipient. While the
franking privilege, as it now exists, is a privilege
without burden to the recipient, the second sec-
tion of this bill makes it a franking privilege for
the member at the expense of his constituent or
the person with whom he communicates.
Am I right in this, or have I not clearly con-
sidered this bill? If I am right in this construc-
tion of it, then I know that the Post Office Com-
tee have committed an error which they did not
intend to commit. Why, sir, what is the opera-
tion of this? A member of Congress writes to
his constituents, and boasts that to-day he has
abolished the franking privilege; but when he shall
have cast his vote " ay" for this bill he has es-
tablished it again, at the expense of the man to
whom he writes. I do not want such a franking
privilege. The gentleman says it is proper and
right to charge the man to whom the member
writes with the postage on the letter, because it is
upon his business and not that of the member.
Sir, let the members of this House ask them-
selves, as they ought when they are in then* clos-
ets, how much of their correspondence pertains
to their own affairs, and if he does not answer it
now, let him ask the question just before he goes
before the people for reelection, and if he is a
Christian man, if he has any soul, he will confess
that the greater portion of his correspondence is
in relation to matters in which he has an interest.
Yes, sir, I say that members of Congress not un-
frequently write to and correspond with their con-
stituents upon matters pertaining quite as much
to their own interests as to that of their constit-
uents. Sir, all that pertains to their official capac-
ity pertains to their interests, in common with
those they represent; and I say either let the mem-
ber pay the postage on his letters, or let him send
them free through the medium of the mails. Do
not give him permission to frank his letters at the
expense of the person to whom he writes.
Let me for a moment consider this question fur-
ther. There is a class of official business that I
suppose the greatest stickler for the abolition of
the franking privilege would agree should go in
some manner, not at the expense of the persons
who writes nor at the expense of him who receives
it. I allude to official communications of a high
order—official communications between the Sec-
retaries, if you please, and this Capitol. What
would be the result of the passage of this bill ? If
the Secretary of War confers with the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the nation, the Secretary franks and the
President pays. Now, is not this afianking priv-
ilege with a vengeance? Is it not a beauty of a
franking privilege? If the Secretary of the Treas-
ury writes to the collector of customs of New
York in relation to the finances of the Govern-
ment, he has no other medium of communication
except through our postal system or by special
messenger. He places his letter in the mails in-
dorsed 44 SalmonP.Chase,SecretaryoftheTreas-
■ ury." It goes to New York, and the collector
j pays the postage, for he is the recipient, and re-
i quired to pay by this bill. That is the way this
• franking privilege will work as it is proposed to
establish it by this second section. A gentleman
suggests that the collector will reply to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and, holdinghimself upon
his dignity, he will frank his letter at Secretary
Chase's expense.
Now, sir, that is not the kind of legislation that
this House ought to engage in. I mention these
few instances to show how the system will work
in all the official correspondence of the country, in
all the Departments of the Government as well as
that of members of Congress. I repeat that I do
not want to engage in any such system for paying
the expenses of the postal service.
The next feature of the system which the Post
Office Committee propose to ingraft upon the legis-
lation of the country is contained in the third sec-
tion of the bill. It is that the public documents
printed here shall go to the member of Congress
in his district free of postage; but when directed
to the person for whom it is intended, and for
whose uenefit the printing is done, full postage is
charged. Instead of the benefit going to the per-
son for whom it was designed and who now re-
ceives it, it goes tu the member, at the cost and
expense of the person entitled to it. It was an-
swered ingeniously by the chairman of the com-
mittee that sometimes the documents were not
printed until after the close of the session That
is true; but let me say to thegentleman from Indi-
ana that it is true that they are not usually sent until
the member comes back again. Why send them
to the members of Congress? I repeat, why not
send them directly from here to the men for whom
they are intended? It is answered that it is nearer
to the residence of the Representative. If so, I
say and repeat that the book goes into the heart
of the district to reach him, and why not send it
direct to the final recipient rather than to the trus-
tee—the member of Congress—free of postage,
and then send it and collect postage from the per-
son for whom it is designed?
Mr. Speaker, there is no reason in all this. It
is but carrying out the principle of the second
section of the bill, however, which gives the mem-
ber the benefit of having the postage paid on the
letters sent to him, and also gives him the benefit
of compelling his correspondent to pay the post-
age on the letters he sends back; it is to fill his
office at home with the means of reaching his peo-
ple through the distribution of books which he gets
free of charge, although the men who receive them
from him pay the postage. Jtisasystem of frank-
ing privilege exel usively for the benefit of the mem-
ber of Congress at the expense of his constituents.
Now, a word in relation to the general propo-
sition. There are two classes of matter trans-
mitted through the mails. One is that species of
official matter of which much has been said to-day
upon this floor. I will not stop to consider that.
It ought to go free through the channels of the
mails, for the Government sends on its own busi-
ness through its own agency. How better can
you distribute the burden of carrying that mat-
ter which is necessary to be carried than to send
the official communications of the Government
through its own channels under its own officers?
The next is a different class and for a different
purpose, standing on a different principle—the
matter which emanates from this House—and right
here commences the great distinction which is
made between this Government and the Govern-
ments of other countries. There is where my
friend from Indiana makes his first fata] step in
the consideration of this subject. In Great Britain,
assume if you pleasp, as has been, staled, that all
matter passing through snails, even from the
Queen nerself, is charged with postage. What of
it? Ay, sir, in that Gove-mniens ibe people are
not near the throne; the people are not repre-
sented in the throne, and the?# is- the distinction*
The throne of Great Britain is- a Government
standing high above the people ,.ansd lookingdown
upon the people. They fear the- approach of the
voice and will of the people. Tlsere is nothing
terrifies the crowned heads of Europe more than,
the close and clear scrutiny of the acts of the
throne and the acts of Parliament. Here, carry-
ing this matter from the head of the Government
dawn, we proceed upon an entirely different the-
ory, Here, in this House, we employ a rewpsof
reporters. For what purpose? That what we say
—that every word we utter, however unguarded,
may be made a f^a^evof permanent record. We
pay for it for a wjse purpose—that the people shall
know, through oi^ciai reporters, what Congress
dioes. The record not made up for our consid-
eration,#^ we are the actors; butit is for the con-
sideration of our constituents, who read it and try
usby it when we go before them for their approval-
