1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
he chooses to control it. I move, therefore, to
amend the bill by striking out those words in the
second and third sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire—and I
wish the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to the inquiry—whether
it would not be practicable to amend this bill by
saying that these army corps officers shall be de-
tailed from the staffs of the generals. It has been
said that the staff of our generals is very large,
much larger than is necessary; and if they can
detail officers from the staff to these places in the
army corps, it seems to me it would be an im-
provementand apiecc of economy which it would
be worth while to consider; but 1 am not so well
versed in these military matters as the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
can get through with this bill in a few minutes.
I move to postpone the special order for a short
time forthatpurpose. The bill is of vital import-
ance. The army corps are being organized, and
yet there is no authority to select a solitary man
for duty on their staffs. These positions require
some of the first men of the Army.
Mr. MORRILL. I am unwilling that the spe-
cial order shall lose its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
willcomc up immediately after this bill shall have
been acted upon.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
gard it as the sense of the Senate that the special
order shall be postponed for the present.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from JNTcw Hampshire has put a question to
me, and I will answer him very frankly that there
are no gentlemen on the staffs of general officers
who can be spared for any purpose of this kind;
and I am sure if that Senator will examine the
matter carefully, he will so decide. The organ-
ization proposed in this bill is not what the men
who are organizing the Army desire; it js the
smallest possible staff corps that they can set along
with. Would you organize an army corps of
thutv or forty thousand men and not have a staff
officei ? The adjutant general of that corps must
work twelve or fifteen hours a day. There ought
to be a quartetmaster of the corps, that should
have control of all movements in thatdepartmen t;
there ought to be a commissary of the corps; there
ought to be an inspector general; and there might
to be a chief of artillery certainly. We give them
only three aids, just what a major general now
has. It is a very small staff, indeed. The staff
of the seventh French corps has on it forty-two
persons, three of whom are general officers, two
brigadiers, and one a general of division.
M r. GRIMES. I ask the Senator on what au~
thoiity he says that?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I give it on
the authority of a book which states that Marshal
Pellissiei's corps had that number of staff officers.
Mr. GRIMES. I denied it on the authoi ity of
the French Army Register, winch I had here the
other day, and quoted from m reply to the Sena-
tor's colleague.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa must certainly be mistaken. I
have lead it, ) have had itcopied, that the seventh
French corps under Mai shal Pelhssier, had forty-
two members of the staff, one of them a general
of division, and two brigadier generals. In the
French army the cornmander-m-chief of an army
has as many personal aids as he likes, some per-
manently attached to him as aids-de-camp, others
transiently, and with a lower rank, as orderly
officers. The chief of staff, or major general, (a
general officer,) the assistant chief of staff, and
sometimes the under assistant chicfof staff, (a gen-
eral or superior officer,) have under their orders
Btafl officers,divided into four buteaus, which have
charge of the whole management of the army.
Each bureau is composed of an officer directing it,
and some of a lower rank under him—number
determined by the amount of business. The com-
mander of headquarters is a general or superior
officer; the chief of artillery, a general officer; the
chief of staff of artillery, a general or superiorof-
ficer; the chief of the park of artillery, a general
| or superior officer, and under them a number of
| artillery officers, determined by the amount of
1 business; the chief of engineers, ageneral officer;
the chief of staff ofengineers, a general or superior
officer; the chief of the park of engineers, a gen-
eral or superior officer, and under them a number
of engineer officers, determined by the amount of
business; the mtendant general has the rank of a
general; the provost marshal is a colonel of gen-
darmerie; the vaguemestre general, a lieutenant
colonel. Independently of the officers employed
in their offices, each of such staff officers, if he is
a general, has his own aids-de-camp, whose num-
ber is not limited and determined except on the
formation of the army. The organization of the
corps d'armee, divisions, and brigades, is similar,
the offices being filled oniy by officers of a lower
rank.
You will find in the little aimy of fifteen thou-
sand men sent by England to China—an army but
little larger than one of our divisions—some twenty
or thirty staff officers, some of them of high rank.
Garibaldi's army of twenty-five or thirty thou-
sand men had a staff of sixty-six officers, some of
them officers of high rank. We have not got in
the staffs of the generals of our armies one fifth
the number of officers that they have in the best
organized European armies. I hope there will be
no opposition to this bill. You have organized
coips d^armSe^ and theie is no legal authority to
assign a single man to duty or to fix the rank in
the staff corps. The adjutant general, the inspector
geneial, and the chief of artillery of an army corps
ought to be fit to command troops; they ought to
be men of decided and unquestioned ability.
The last section of this bill we passed by itself
some time ago, and sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives. They amended it by adding a quar-
termaster and commissary for each division, and
the bill is now on the table of the Senate. I have
no doubt we can do very well without those of-
ficers; the Adjutant General so states, and since
the Army has been divided into corps, you can
get along easier without them. But when you
have a large corps, the commander ought to have
men of responsibility with him as the head of the
commissary and quartermaster's departments; and
certainly an adjutant general, a chief of artillery,
and an inspector general are absolutely necessary.
We might as well undertake to get along in the
Senate without clerks, and put the boys that wait
upon us hoie into the clerk's desk, as to under-
take to have the staff of these army corps made
up of orderly sergeants, or officers of low rank.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to get a little
information if I can, before I vote for this bill. I
will inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs what number of aids a major
general has now by the present law?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Three.
Mr. SHERMAN. A major general has the
same number of these officers, if I understand him
correctly, that is proposed to be given by this bill
to a geneial commanding an army corps. The
only purpose of this bill then is, not to increase the
number but to increase the salaries of the staff of-
ficers. I do not know whether I can convince the
chairman of the Military Committee of that; but
that is the truth about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It increases
the rank of one of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rank is a matter of
small moment. It is to increase the salary. It
is to give to the staff of a head of an army corps
, the pay of a lieutenant colonel instead of the pay
of a captain or major. It is to give to the staff
officer of a brigadier general, who, for the time
jj being serves as general of division, a higher rate
!i of pay than he has for his rank. In other words,
i it is to increase the pay of the staff of the Army,
j and that is all there is of it. It does not increase
j the number, but it increases the rank and pay.
:i Unless I am satisfied there is good ground for it,
|j I shall not vote for it.
|! In the western country, brigadier generals have
ij served as heads of divisions. A brigadier general
!! is entitled to two aids. This bill would give to
; every person who served as major general three
i aids, thus increasing the number of staff officers,
j I believe there are some thirty or forty divisions,
I if I am not mistaken, now m the Army of the
i United States. Most of them are commanded by
] brigadier generals. Tins bill would increase the
number of staff officers from twenty to thirty, per-
haps more. The commissaries and quartermas-
ters would increase it over a hundred; and it in-
creases the salary of every one. The compensation
now given to the aid of a brigadier general is the
pay of a captain of cavalry. That is now pro-
posed to be increased to the pay of a major of
cavalry. There is a very large difference between
the two. The pay of the staff officers of the head
of an army corps is increased to the pay of a lieu-
tenant colonel—again a considerable advance. I
see no reason for this. These staff offices are al-
ways sought for, always desired, by officers of
equal rank. There is scarcely an officer of the
Army but what would exchange a position in the
line for a staff appointment, even at the same pay.
It gives them opportunities of distinction, oppor-
tunities of communication with higher officers.
They all desire it. If this bill were entitled " a
bill to increase the pay and number of staff offi-
cers," it would be correctly named. That is its
purpose. Unless I can have some good reason
for it, I shall not vote for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Ohio mixes up the officers upon the staff
of these generals. By existing law, the aids of a
major general are captains. By this proposition,
two aids are to be captains, what the law now
mokes them, and one of them, intended to be
chief and director, is made a major. That is all
there is in that. The adjutant general of a major
general, who is a commander of a division, is by
existing law a major; and that is precisely what
you make him by this bill. In a corps which
consists of three or more divisions of the Army,
you make him a lieutenant colonel. Officers are
assigned for this duty, and it may be that every
one of these officers will be assigned from the
same rank in the regular Army or volunteers. It
may bo that the commander of a corps may take
a lieutenant colonel of the regular Army of the
United States for his adjutant general or his in-
spector. If he does that, not a farthing of addi-
tional expense will be incurred. If these persons
to act as aids happen to be selected from the same
rank in the volunteers or in the Army, then there
is no increase of expense; but if a lieutenant is
appointed an aid, and thus made a captain, then
his compensation is increased from that of a lieu-
tenant to that of a captain. The probable in-
crease of compensation owing to the selection of
these officers fiotn the Army and from the volun-
teer forces will be very slight indeed; and cer-
tainly if we are going to give them any, they can-
not get along with less than is proposed by this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no increase in
compensation, and no increase in number, what
is the object of the bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
a slight increase in some of them. Does not the
Senator believe there is a difference between hav-
ing an acting adjutant general with the rank of
major, and having an orderly sergeant or a lieu-
tenant to do the duty?
Mr. SHERMAN. Thepresentlawauthorizes
captains to be detailed to act as aids. They are
the proper persons to act as aids. Every captain
in the Army would like very well to be the aid of
ageneral; and I see no reason, when that wish is
gratified, why he should be paid an additional
price for that gratification.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. An aid is
one thing; an adjutant general, an inspector, and
a chief of artillery are entirely different. You
may take an active, vigorous young man without
a great deal of knowledge and make an aid of
him. Some of the generals find it necessary to
have not only the aids that the law directs, but
they have to detail others in the service to act in
that capacity. Some of them have volunteer aids,
persons who serve for nothing. But the adjutant
general is to a brigadier or major general, the
commander of a brigade, division, or corps, what
the Secietary of the Senate is to this body. He
is the man that has to make the record; he is em-
ployed night and day; and it is important that he
should be a man of capacity, and that he should
have a rank and position corresponding with the
importance of his duties. In reality, he ought to
be a brigadier general; and in nearly all the armies
of the world he is a colonel, and in some of them
ageneral. In nearly ail the corps of Europe there
is a chief of staff, and that chief of staff is a gen-
eral, and in most cases a general of division* ,
