1862.
THE OONGBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
3203
which has been proposed—to use the loyal col-
ored men to uphold the cause of the country. The
Senator from Delaware,as he is accustomed to do,
speaks boldly and decidedly against the proposi-
tion. He asks if American soldiers will -fight if we
organize colored men for military purposes ? Did
not American soldiers fight at Bunker Hill with
negroes in the ranks, one of whom shotdo wn Major
Pitcaira as he mounted the works on the heights
of Bunker Hill ? Did not American soldiers fight
atRed Bank with a black regiment from yourown
State, sir? [Mr. Anthony in the chair.] Did they
not fight on the battle-field of Rhode Island with
that black regiment, one of the best and bravest
that ever trod the soil of this continent ? Did not
American soldiersfightatPort Griswoldwith black
men ? Did they not fight with black men in al-
most every battle-field of the Revolution? Did
not the men of Kentucky and Tennessee, stand-
ing on the lines of New Orleans, under the eye
ofAndrew Jackson, fight with colored battalions
whom he had summoned to the field, and whom
he thanked publicly for their gallantry in hurling
back a British foe ?
Sir, it is all talk, and idle talk, to say that the
volunteers who are fighting the battles of this coun-
try are governed by any such narrow prejudice or
bigotry. These prejudices.are the results of the
teachings of demagogues and politicians who have
for years undertaken to delude and deceive the
American people, and to demean and degrade
them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he makes any refer-
ence to me in those remarks?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I certainly
did not think of the Senator when I used the terms
to which he alludes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator's language
was rather strong, and I did not know to whom
it referred.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I certainly
would not say anything offensive to the Senator;
and if he so construes what I have said, I will
most cheerfully withdraw the words.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Oh, no. You used strong
language, and I only wanted to know whether it
applied to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I spoke in
general terms. What I meant to say was this:
we have had in a portion of the American press,
and among some of the public men of the country,
especially in the free States, (1 hardly ever think
of men in the slave States in that connection, for
1 pay great deference to their birth, their educa-
tion, and their associations,) these phrases about
negro equality, which are intended to excite pre-
judice against a wronged race*, phrases which I
"believe are degrading to our common humanity.
I believe these appeals to be unworthy of intelli-
gent American citizens, and I trust the day has
passed by forever when they can be used as they
have been with effect.
In my judgment we ought to use the loyal col-
ored men for such purposes as they can be used
advantageously to the country. It is said that
General Halleck built two hundred miles of cord-
uroy road, and forty-five miles of fortifications;
that hundreds and thousands of men under his
command, by toiling on that work in swampy
regions, have been sent home out of the Army
broken down in health and spirits. Everybody
knows the awful burden that has been put upon
the army of the Potomac—the labors at Yorktown,
the ditchings upon the banks of the Chickahom-
iny, the fortifications thrown up that in the%our
of trial proved of no value, for we abandoned
them; everybody knows that thousands of men
who went down there in the bloom and pride of
health, ready to meet the enemies of the country,
have been worn out and broken down by such
employment. The shovel and the spade and the
ax have ruined thousands of the young men of
the country, and sent hundreds of them to their
graves.
In making these statements I do not intend to
utterany censure of the military operations in the
field. What I mean to say is that we could have
employed thousands of colored men at lowYates
of wages to do that ditching, and thus save the
health, the'strength, and the lives of our brave
soldiers.
Then, sir, we have many of the southern ports,
places thatare*and will be unhealthy. I think that
those people who are acclimated, who are ready
to give their labor and their blood, if need be, to
the cause of our country, should be employed. I
should like a modification of one section of this
amendment. While I would free the slaves-of
rebels without any consideration, and do it at once,
as a military necessity; while I would take away
from them all their means of power, I would pay
and pay generously if I took and used the slave of
a man who was loyal and faithful to his country.
We have been taught to believe that slavery was
a weakness, but as we have managed this war, it
has been the strength of the rebels; the slaves have
been to them worth more than four million white
people. They have used the slaves for the pur-
pose of carrying on the war. They have used
them in the field, they have used them in the va-
rious modes of their productive industry. They
are the men who bear the burdens of that south-
ern confederacy to-day, while they relieve the
white men there, who throng to the battle-field to
achieve what they call southern independence.
Sir, I must confess that I look with something
of admiration upon the mode in which those
southern traitorous leaders have carried on this
war. They commenced the war by taking hu-
manity by the throat, by putting under their feet
every moral sentiment, every law of Almighty
God. They planted themselves in defiance of
God and of man upon the foundation of eternal
slavery in their confederacy. Standing before the
nations in that position, in defiance of all that is
sacred, pure, and holy on earth, they have ap-
pealed to their people, to their passions, to their
prejudices, to their hate; they have organized their
people; they have issued their conscriptions, using
every man who could do anything, no matter how
halt or maimed he might be, if he could strike a
blow; they have carried on their Government and
their military operations with great ability, and
shown vast powers and great administrative abil-
ity, and great military ability. It is mortifying
to me to say that in four fifths of the contests on
the battle-field in which we have been engaged
there have been blunders on our side which they
have not failed to take advantage of. Such is then-
position, It is of no use to despise them. We
are, I think, in one of the darkest periods of this
contest, and we had better look our position in
the facc, meet the responsibilities of the hour, rise
to the demands of the occasion, pour out our
money, summon our men to the field, go our-
selves, if we can do any good, and overthrow this
confederate power that feels to-day, over its recent
magnificent triumphs, that it has already achieved
its independence. Itis our duty to act promptly,
and I trust this bill will hardly become a law be-
fore the President of the United States will call
under it at least two hundred thousand into the
field instantly,and that the policy of the Govern-
ment will bo such, and that the action of our mil-
itary leaders will be such, that these men will be
led to victory, and that the cause of our country
will achieve a permanent and enduring triumph.
Bold and decisive action alone, in the Cabinet and
in the field, can retrieve our adverse fortunes, and
carry our country triumphantly through the perils
that threaten to dismember the Republic.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send up three amendments
to this proposition. The first is a mere verbal
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not disposed to occupy
the time of the Senate in any general discussion
on the subject now before it. All the views that
I have expressed upon that subject I had the honor
to present to the Senate some weeks ago, and I
am now more anxious to vote than to speak. I
propose to the Senate to take up each of these sec-
tions, which have been submitted, and act upon
them separately. I have no doubt that the second
and third sections need some modifications, and
some to which I should be willing to assent, but I
propose that the vote shall he taken upon the first
section; and I ask that that may be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President be, mid he
is hereby, authorized to receive into the service of the Uni-
ted States for the purpose of constructing mtrencliments,
or perfouning camp service, or any other labor, or any war
service for which they may be iourid competent, persons
of African descent; and such persons shall be enrolled and
organized under such regulations, not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws, as the President may prescribe; and
they shall be fed and paid such compensation for their ser-
vices as they may agree to receive wliea enrolied.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the word
" war" before " service," and insert " military or
naval."
Mr. SHERMAN. That was my first amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last clause of the first
section had better be omitted, I think, and leave
the question of pay open.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am in favor of
the original bill that is under consideration, and I
think that it ought to pass; but I will suggest to
the Senate that if the term ofserviceof the militia,
after they are called into service by the President
of theUmted States, waslimited to twelve months,
I think the operation of the law would be better
than to leave the term wholly indefinite. Early in
February a bill passed the f5ouse of Representa-
tives authorizing1 twenty thousand volunteers to
be raised in the State of Kentucky for the term ot
twelve months, who should be subject to be called
into the service of the United States out of the
State ofKentucky wheneverthe President deemed
it proper. If that bill had passed the Senate, I have
no doubt that there would have been at least ten
thousand men in that State enrolled under it, and
who would have been undergoing discipline and
learning the military art for the last two or three
months; and if such an organization of volunteers
had taken place, and they had been ordered to the
defense of tins city, or totheassault 011 Richmond,
or to any other field of service in the United States,
they would have gone with as much alacrity and
promptitude as any soldiery in the service. I
think that the Armyandthe country are in acon-
siderable exigence, as has been stated by gentle-
men who have taken part in this debate. 1 think
that exigence oughtto be met, and met promptly,
with all the energies of the country, or at least
with a sufficiency of those energies to bring this
contest to a speedy and successful close. I have
myself never considered secession a remedy for
any evil. 1 do riot now consider it a remedy for any
evil, but to have brought upon the country all ex-
isting evils; and-that, if an accomplished fact, it
would prove the fruitful mother of many other
evils, of which we have yet had 110 exp§;ience.
For my own State, for the South, for the North,
for the East, and the West, I have no hope, if se-
cession is triumphant and permanent dissolution
takes place. 1 am fora reconstruction of the Union.
I believe the only principle and means by which
that reconstruction is possible, is by the employ-
ment of the full, legitimate military power of the
country, and not by arming slaves and attempt-
ing to form a military force of them.
if the southern confederacy, to the number of
eleven States, or any other number of States, should
he recognized as an independent Power, it would
only be the introduction of further dismemberment,
and that further dismemberment would go on until
the whole thirty-four States were disrupted and
were formed into little petty Commonwealths that
would be perpetual enemies of each other, and
have interminable collisions and wars, and all of
them would be but the dependencies and the scoff
of foicign Powers, and would be kicked by them
at their pleasure.
Mr. President, there is nothing which I have
more at heart than a reconstruction of the Union;
but I want this work effected without destroying
or crippling the Constitution, without one of its
principles being eradicated or weakened, and with
all the rights which it secures to the citizens and
to the States perfectly preserved. To carry on
this war to this truly patriotic end, in subordina-
tion to the Constitution, with a view to its main-
tenance and to bring the seceding States and every
portion of the people of the United States to obe-
dience to it, I for one, as a citizen and a Senator,
would be willing to prosecute this war, if neces-
sary, for twenty years or indefinitely. There is
110 resource which my State possesses, there is
none which I myself possess, that I would not be
willing to bring to the contest and to offer cor-
dially and cheerfully to the Government of the
United.Statcs in prosecuting the war to that end,
for a restoration of the Union as it was, and for
the Constitution as it is.
From thedebate thathassprungup in this Cham-
ber on this subject, it appears to me that there are
