1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2243
those who have taken aleading part in this rebel-
lion should ever be eligible to a scat in Congress
or to any other placo of trust or profit under this
Government. I would forever preclude the whole
plotting, treasonable, rebellious, bloody brood
fiom again polluting with their slimy presence the
national sanctuary. And this disability should
be affixed by simple force of law, so that no weak
or wicked Executive could ever remove it; the
Congress alone should have that power.
I venture these crude reflections upon the per-
sonal punishment of the traitors more for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the House and of
the country to the subject, than with the expect-
ation that they will be found of any other practi-
cal use.
I do not propose to discuss the nice legal and
constitutional questions of bills of attainder and
forfeitures, &c. The purpose for which I now
speak does not require it. That, under our power
to punish treason, we may strip the traitor of his
minor right of property, as well as of his greatest
right of life, I entertain no shadow of doubt.
I am by no means certain that an attempt to
realize any indemnity out of private rebel prop-
erty, for the expenditures of the war, is either
puictieable or expedient; nor do I propose to offer
suggestions uP°ft that point. But, as a punish-
ment for crimes, either independent of or in addi-
tion to personal penalties and disabilities, I do
propose to confiscate or take from rebels their
property in such instances, and under such regu-
lations as further discussion and moie mature re-
flection may suggest. Unless this method is re-
sorted to, many of the most flagrant perhaps ail
the gigantic criminals may escape punishment.
For who doubts that the great leaders will, when
the struggle to them becomes utterly hopeless, so
shape us closing scenes as to withdraw their own
coveted persons from our all-embracing arms, and
go 10 wander accursed over the earth, whose
shuddering surface will recoil from the pollution
of their footprints? Upon such we can work no
retribution, save the poor, cheap process of seiz-
ing to the public use such substance as they could
not take with them.
Am I to be told that under the Constitution the
power does not exist to seize and confiscate the
propnrtyof those hugeand blackened felons? Who
will stand here to plead the cause of treason by
suggesting learned, artificial quibbling and un-
worthy doubts of this power that have a founda-
tion nowhere, save in a willingness to aid the
guilty? Clearly we have that power, and as cer-
tainly will it be rigoiously exercised on at least
this class of criminals.
The law was the study of my youth, and its
practice has absorbed -all the years of my man-
hood, but, thank Heaven, fam not lawyer enough
to find tlie only measure and estimate of a na-
tion's opportunities and needs in the artificial
rules of a nisi prius court, devised in the withered
brain of warped judges in a barbarous time to get
around hard obstacles they had not courage to re-
riove—rules haply hid away for centuries in the
dust of the dead generations. 1 will never be
found estimating and weighing the everlasting
tquities by the narrow precedents of a five-pound
court. Oar way shall never be walled up with the
disinterred tomes of this lost and forgotten lore.
Learned and ghostly iawycis who glide from their
musty leaves like dned geraniums from mislaid
and forgotten song books, and whose shriveled
lips shock us with the rude jargon of past ages,
may gather up this brain debris of judicial cem-
eteries and hie them back to the nooks of forget-
fnlness, for these issues are not to be decided by
rules from that source. Some reason must be
given for deciding our tremendous case amiss,
other than that courts have always adjudged the
petty causes of their litigious suitors amiss also;
and yet these old books, rightly read, are with us
on the question of power.
To those who say that wc cannot pass a con-
fiscation bill, I will only say that they will see
that we can. In its scope and terms, any act that
is not to be the merest of shams, must be geneial;
must in its provisions embrace all traitors. I
know we ate told by absurdly-wise men thatsuch
a law must be cunousty and ingeniously framed ;
if must graduate and classify the rebels into at least
«ix clas&es, and be so specific and nice and wise
tiiat no conviction can possibly be had underit.
Sir, to me a traitor is a traitor; they all belong
to one bad class, and as such all must be obnox-
ious to all punishment. I have already indicated
who should be punished, and how; but it must be
left to the prosecuting officers, to the courts, and
the Executive, who of the whole mass shall be
punished, as well as the degree of its severity. An
effort to discriminate by law will defeat the just
object of all law.
1 would set free the slaves of every man and
woman engaged in this rebellion. The guilt of the
master should inure at least to the benefit of the
slave, and from this huge crime should spring a
greater beneficence. I have twice occupied this
floor and the press on this general subject, and I do
not now propose even to epitomize the arguments
for this proposition. I may, however, be permit-
ted a remark or two upon some of the weightiest
objections to the expediency of this measure.
The citizens of slave State's implore and beseech
us not to " Africanize''—as they call it—their sec-
tions, by the emancipation of the slaves of the
rebels. 1 do not think I quite understand the force
of this expression, if by it they mean the odious
and unendurable presence of the descendants of
Africans. Who carried and planted these Afti-
cans in their midst, and propagated and increased
them there? Not we. They would have them.
They outraged Heaven and insulted the earth to
get them; and it is because they have them that
this war came. Where should the especial con-
sequences fall, if not on them ? They exclaim
against this scheme, as if emancipation would
increase, quadruple, the number of the negroes,
and as if they had none now.
I know these gentlemen occasionally startle
themselves with the horrant pictures of a negro
insurrection. Out of what grows this awful fear
of insurrection, rape, and blood ? It is the pure,
lawful child ofslaveiy alone. It is the slave that
meditates and bioods over the idea of insurrec-
tion, and solely and purely because he is a slave;
and it is to get nd of his chains and their attend-
ant cuises that he becomes a conspirator, and in
secret whets his knife and appetite for blood.
Strike down slavery and you annihilate the pos-
sibility of insurrection by the destruction of the
sole creating cause. There ha\e been innumera-
ble slave insurrections under the stars and .stupes
—an insui reetion of free negroes never, and there
never will be; and least of all m the presence of
five hundred thousand soldiers.
We are told by the men of the North and South
that the emancipation of the slaves will, as the
phrase is, " Afticanize" the North also. If so,
this would relieve the South m a measure. I know
the strength and depth and blindness of the un-
seeing, unhealing, unknowing, and unreasoning
brute prejudice against this race, and that 1 can
neither enlighten or instruct it. I know that legis-
latuiesand constitution-makers in the free States
are now busy adding dark hues to their already
blackened institutions,and just as if by legislation
they could fence against these negroes. If these
blind workers would but open their eyes to the
width of careless observation, they would at least
learn the utter futility of hedging up the way of
this people by legislation.
Sir, the census of 1840, 1850, and 18G0, show
these amazing facts: that from the more northern
of the free States, and where, under the laws, ne-
groes are subjected to the fewest disabilities and
enjoy a sou <>f qualified citizenship, that lace is
slowly and certainly receding. While in Mary-
land, Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, southern
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, notwithstanding the
feaifui penalties and disabilities imposed for the
sole purpose of driving them away, the free col-
oi ed population rapid ly accumulates and increases.
Demonstrating that the movements of that lace
are in obedience to a law stionger and deeper than
your superficial constitutions and statutes. Why
does a negio ever go North but to escape slavery
and its attendant ills ? Abolish it, and the blacks
of the North would joyfully turn to the land of
their birth and love. The dark cloud thai hangs
in the fiozen sky of Canada will be dispelled in
a month.
But we arc told that this emancipation would
bring the freed slaves directly into competition
with northern Jaboreis. and abhorrent pictiuesat
once freely start out on the canvas. Competition.
.Aly God ! is it only by keeping the negro chained
that the white man can maintain hissupeiiouty i It
there is a man on this door who may speak for the
laborer—whose origin,personal history, interests,
and surroundings, whose early privations and
hardships would make him careful that no right
of labor should be compromised, nor its dignity
diminished, I am that man. Sir, the slave labor
of the South no .v competes with the free labor of
the North. And it is this very fact that labor at
the South is performed by slaves, that labor is,
in some degree, undignified and degraded at the
North , He wl.o must do the slave's t#sk, is,"at
least, in the nr.-id of the taskmaster, associated
with the slave. If you would elevate labor, make
it the right and privilege and monopoly of freemen
only; and if you would add to the dignity of the
laborer, elevate and give consequence to the work
he does. How can American labor ever advance
to its true lank, while one third of those who per-
form it are dehumanized chattels?
So far from the freed slave becoming in any good
sense, the competitor of the free laborer of the
North, the emancipation of the slaves places the
whole continent within his grasp; opens a whole
new huge sphere to his enterprise, and creates
such a demand for his efforts as never could before
exist, and advances all over our empire his wages
and consequence.
So far as the white race is concerned, no men
should hail this measure with such acclaim as the
laborers. It removes the last unnatural stigma
from their heaven-ordained calling, and places the
material interes ts of a continent in their keeping
alone. Then, indeed, shall the embrowned sons
of toil, with tin ir feet on every foot of our rejoi-
cing soil, by their living, breathing, active pres-
ence, infuse new life and vigor and purity into
every neighborhood, hamlet, and precinct of our
whole broad land. Then, too, 111 their own per-
sons will they realize, under the benignant inspi-
rations of our purified institutions, the full, grand,
and pioud ideal, in all its noble features and just
proportions!, of the American citizen. Their in-
telligence shall alone constitute public opinion;
their puuty shall be the standard of the nation's
justice; theirstiength shall constitute its omnipo-
tence ; their voice shall indeed be the voice of God.
They shall lightly lift in their strong arrhs this
great nation, under whose destinies and buidens
we stagger and faint, and place it on that lofty
elevation whose height is so dazzling and whose
steeps aie to us so flinty and inaccessible.
Then, indeed, shall be realized the true purpose
of government—not to be a terror and scourge;
not to send forth great naval armaments to shake
the shores of distant nations; not to cover the earth
with armed men and the pageant and splendor of
resistless power; but to aid the growth and devel-
opment of a grand and beautiful and pure race of
men and women.
Mr. W1NDOM. Mr. Speaker, by a special
order of the House two bills are under discussion:
one pi oposing to confiscate the property of rebels;
the other to liberate their slaves. The remaiks
which I desire now to submit will be addressed
mainly to the policy of these measures.
Sir, there was a time when Ueason was re-
garded as the blackest ctime known among men,
and traitors were outcasts, bearing upon their fore-
heads the brand of eternal infamy. Now, trea-
son seems to be "viewed by many as a sort of po-
litical principle, and traitois us a mere political
paity, to be treated with icspect and toleration.
Even in the free States thoie are in almost every
community mci whoso hearts are black with the
treason their pale lips dare not utter, whose every
sympathy is with the enemies of their country,
and who secretly lejoice whenever they hear of
ihe slaughterer our brave men m battle. The
piayeis of sorrowing mothers and wives, and tl)o
hoaity " God Ucss you" ofa loyal people, which
follow our galii-ntsoldiers to the field, find in their
leprous souls no response, but the secret wish that
they may mcetdisgraco,defeat,and butchery. I'or
tins class of beings—whom it were foul slander
on humanity to call men—I can find no words to
express my deep detestation and utter abhorrence.
Traitors are they, without the courage to avow
their treason; assassins, withoutan opportunity to
strike the cowardly blow their vile hearts prompt.
Their sentiiner ts and sympathies are well known
in the commui Ities when; they icside, and yet
they die p<'imi ted to eontuuimat" respectable f-o-
' ciety with thei presence; to mingle with honor-
j able and loyal men; and men 10 excuse and cover
, up the crimes of their murderous allies. Were
