2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
justice done them, they would be spurned, de-
spised, and shunned! Parson Brownlow expresses
his opinion of them and of the uses to which they
should be applied, in the following mild and be-
nevolent, but somewhat terse language:
" if I owed ;i dfibt to be discharged to the most revolting
anil God loisrtken wieteii that could he culled from the
ranks of human society, and I wanted to pay that debt and
get rid of it, I would make a tender to Ins Satanic Majesty
of twelve notthern men sympathizing with secession."
Until the Government and the people come to
regard this most wicked crime in its true light,
and to treat such criminals in accordance with their
deserts, we majr not hope for peace or security.
If loyalty and disloyalty, patriotism and treason,
are to be understood as mere matters of opinion,
about which men may honestly differ as upon or-
dinary political subjects, we may as well at once
consign the Republic to its grave.
Sir, I have no patience with those persons who
are ever ready to plead for the rights of traitors
and murderers, but who never utter a word in con-
demnation of their crimes. Atrocities are daily
committed by the rebels which would disgrace a
cannibal, and yet whenever an effort is made to
visit upon them a tithe of the punishment due to
their fiendish outrages, these friends and sympa-
thizers spring to the rescue, and interpose the
shield of the Constitution between them and a just
retribution.
X will yield to no one in reverence for that glo-
rious charter of liberty, but in my humble opin-
ion, the leaders in this rebellion have " no rights
which a white man is bound to respect," except,
as was well said by another, "the right to be
hung." They can claim nothing but an igno-
minious death for the benefit of the present, and
a record of their infamy and just fate for a warn-
ing- to future generations.
1 he Constitution which I reverence was made
" to form a more perfect Union," not to weaken
that which had been formed; " to establish jus-
tice," not to .shield the guilty; " to insure domes-
tic tranrjuillity,"not to give Iicense to revolt; "to
provide for the common defense," not lo fetter the
arm of the .Republic when ils very life is assailed;
" (o promote the general welfare," not to encour-
age treason and guard the lives and property of
tiaitois; "to secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and posterity," not to sacrifice every sacred
iiltciest, including liberty itself, upon (lie accursed
altars of slavery. A nation like an individual lias
the right to defend ils existence by every means
at command, even to the utter annihilation of its
enemies. AVhen I see a traitorous blow aimed at
the life of my country, shall 1 sit down and tamely
study the Constitution to find whether [ shall
merely ward oil' the blow, or strike the traitor
dead ? No! T will strike for the salvation of my
country first, and study the law afterwards.
I have heard and carefully read the exhaustive
constitutional aiguinents made on the subject, of
confiscation in tlnsaml the other wingof the Cap-
itol, and will not take the time to rcpiodnre them,
or attempt to add to their force. To my mind,
they very summarily demolish the weak consti-
tutional breastwork thrown up for the protection
of traitors,and mostclearly demonstrate the power
and tin1 duty of Ca)ngress to charge upon them
with tlie weapons of confiscation and emancipa-
tion at the same time that our brave soldiers are
charging with cold steel.
Theie are, rio doubt, degiees of guilt in those
who are engaged in lb is revolt, and the law should
discriminate in its punishment. Por the i^munuf
misguided masses at the South, who hove been
forced into revolt by wicked leaders, let there be
forgiveness, as far as may lit-consistent with public
safety; but in the name of humanity and justice,
let the mercy of the Govcnimmt exhaust itself on'
them, that there may be none left either for the
cause winch has inspired or the leadeis who have
incited the rebellion. Justice demands lor them
the most severe and teriible punishments. Meicv
sh udders at their crimes, and foi the sake of future
peace and order, delivers them up tor an example
and a warning. No policy can be more dangerous
and cruel than that which, by a mo. bid sympathy
for traitors, teaches that treason is a venial oflensc,
TI n= Id 7 °-SlV1'" a,,d sPe'-,dlly forgotten
Those who have instigated this rebellion must be
made to feel that the Government icspects itself,
and that they cannot devastate a continent with
impunity All men must be taught by their fate
that death and infamy follow close upon the heels
of treason. This punishment should not be in-
flicted to gratify any feelings of resentment or re-
venge, but in the discharge of a solemn duty we
owe to posterity. Not to visit these chief crimi-
nals with the severest penalties of the law, is to
bequeath to our children another rebellion, more
terrible and bloody than the present. If it was
Jackson's dying regret that he did not hang Cal-
houn, what bitter remorse must rend the soul of
Lincoln if he fail to do his duty to the traitors of
our day !
I regard the confiscation of the property of reb-
els as the most effective means of crippling their
resources, and putting an end to the war, and
hence demanded by every principle ol* humanity.
It will be an encouragement to loyal men to de-
clare their loyalty when they see that the Gov-
ernment proposes to punish its enemies instead
of its friends. A discriminating act of confisca-
tion, such as that reported by the special commit-
tee, will create dissensions among the rebels them-
selves, and greatly aid in bringing the leaders to
justice, or in exiling them from the country. If
will be a standing admonition to all future con-
spirators, that the righteous indignation of an in-
sulted people is not to be recklessly invoked,and
that he who does so must stake his all upon the
issue. It will serve in some slight degree to in-
demnify the loyal tax-paying people of the coun-
try for the immense sacrifices they are compelled
to make for its presei vation.
Reason on this question as we may, we will
find it very difficult to convince the people of the
loyal States that they must be stripped of then-
property to pay the expenses of a war for which
they are in no way responsible, while the arch-
conspirators who have forced it upon them escape
its burdens. They believe, and I believe, that
every dollar's worth of property, real, personal,
and mixed, owned by these men, should be at
once forfeited to the use of the Government, and
applied, as far as it will go, to lighten the burden
of taxation thus wickedly and wantonly thrust
upon the country. It is but just that the criminal
should be made to pay thooxpense incurred for 1
punishment. Shall these greatest criminals the
wi)i hi ever saw be made an exception ? Breekin-
)ldge, Toombs, Shdell,and many others of the
same class in the South, own large tracts of land
Lit my own State. Do you think the people there
will contentedly beat the burdens we impose on
them when they see this property untouched by
the Government? When I return to my constit-
uents, and they ask me why these lands weie not
confiscated, will they be quite satisfied with the
answer, " 1 was afraid it would irritate and offend
Messrs. Breckinridge, Toombs & Co., and there-
foie [ rolled the whole burden on you." They
would probably say to me, if these are your senti-
ments they are not ours; we will send some one to
lepresmit us whose sense of justice is at least
equal to his tears. Viewed as'an act of justice to
the present, indemnity for the past, and' security
lot the futme, this act is impeiatively demanded,
and as sueh it meet-? my unqualified appiobation.
but it is said that we must act wi th   rea t mode ra-
thtn and foiboaranee, 01 we will " lire the south-
ern heail" and drive the rebels to desperation.
Conquer them by kindness, and be very careful
to do not!)in": that will nritate them ! Win them ,
back to then* spumed allegiance by a display of i
out great clemency ! Talk of moderation, forbear- !
ance, kindness, and clemency towards the leaders !
of tins rebellion, whose hearts burn with hell-en-
gendered hate! How picposterous an exhibition '
ol weakness ! They have always been petted |
and caressed by the Government. At the time '
of their open revolt two of its three coordinate i
branches were under their control, and th<*n) was 1
not a law on the statute-book to which they had ;
not assented. Their proud boast was that for j
sixty years tbey had controlled the legislation of
the country. Wars had been declared and peace
made at their dictation. Almostboundiess terri-
tory had been acquired at their instance. Trea-
ties wnh foreign nations were no framed as to best
subserve their peculiar institution. Compromises
were made and broken by them as suited their
c.qn ice oi their interest. The great free North, !
by the recreancy ofhei Representatives, had con-
sented to yoke hcrcitizens with their bloodhounds '
to hunt down panting fugitives from oppression. {
Scores of northern men who visited the South |
were scourged and murdered to gratify their hatred
of free institutions, while they were shown the
utmost courtesy and kindness whenever they en-
tered the free States. In every way possible had
the liberality of the Government been extended to
them, and yet during all this tune they were se-
cretly plotting its destruction, and only awaiting
a favorable opportunity to plunge a peaceful, con-
fiding, and prosperous people into the bloody hor-
rors of civil war. The devils who were cast into
perdition excused their rebellion on the ground
that they were not^ermitted to rule in heaven;
but these arch-traitors have no such apology, for
they ruled and betrayed.
Can clemency win back to allegiance such men?
Has not the experiment been sufficiently tried
since the commencement of the war? Rebels taken
with arms in their hands, and solemnly sworn not
to fight against the Government, have immedi-
ately reentered the rebel army; and yet the prac-
tice of discharging on taking such an oath has
been continued. Men known to have given aid
and comfort to the enemy, and to be acting as spies
in our camps, have been discharged from arrest
upon their parol of honor (?) when they have per-
sistently refused to take the oath of allegiance.
Slaves who have come within our lines and brought
valuable intelligence of the designs and move-
mentsof the enemy, have been delivered over to
rebel masters, to be whipped and murdered for
their loyalty. The private property of rebels has
been sciupulously lespected. Prisoners taken m
battle have been better treated than our own sol-
diers.
Four millions of people, who are loyal at heart
and would gladly have built our fortifications,
saved our soldiers many a weary day's labor, and
rendered us the most efficient aid, have been told
by our actions, if notby our words, " you must
stay with your rebel masters and support them,
while they madly strive to overthrow the Govern-
ment." Our tenderness has been for our enemies;
our seventy for our friends. Citizens of slave
States who wanted to be loyal have been com-
pelled to avow themselves traitors in order to save
their lives and property, because traitois were
quite as sure of protection from the Government
as loyal men, whereas to avow their adherence to
the Union was to expose themselves to the loss
of life and property from the enemy.
Thus we have weakened ouiselves and strength-
ened our foes; discouraged loyalty and paid a
premium to treason. All these and a thousand
similar acts have been performed in the name of
forbeaiance and clemency. What has been the
effecton those whom we have thus sought to con-
ciliate? Let their conduct answer. Their savage
fury seems to be just in proportion to our leniency.
Waging a war against a Government whieh has
done them no wrong, which they have felt only
in its blessings, and which, during a whole year
of bloody strife has exhibited all the forbearance
that a weak, fond parent would extend to an err-
ing child, they have evinced a determination to
show to the world the utter baseness of ingrati-
tude and the fiend ishuess of hate. Witnessscores
of civilians and innocent women and childien
crushed and mangled at the Gasconade budge, in
Missouri' The bayoneting of wounded soldieia
on the battle-field, as they lay helpless and beg-
ging for mercy ! The employment of the scalping
knife of the led savage, but little more merciless
than the white savages who employed them ! The
neglect and brutal murder of prisoners who have
tallen into their hands ! The treacherous and cold-
blooded massacre of unarmed soldiers atGuvan-
dotte !_ Thecruoi expatriation and inhuman butch-
ery of thousands ot t he citizens of East Tennessee
for their loyalty to the Union ! The late act of
mingled ferocity and cowardice at New Oilcans,
refcired to by Commander Farragut, when the
retiring rebels shot down m the streets helpless
women and children for giving expiession to 'their
pleasure at witnessing the old flag!"
These are only a few of the ten thousand equally
inhuman acts which have mai ked this war on thff'
part of the rebels. Surely this taie of baibarity
would be sufficiently shocking if' confined to the
living, but their ghoul-like desecration of the hon-
ored dead, as disclosed by the juint committee on
the co nd uct of the war, is even more rev oiling, and
makes one doubt whetlierthe neipetiators of such
acts are brutes or demons, i'beg the indulgence
of the House while I read a few extracts from that
