1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
their representations, amended the bill, and sent
it back here in a shape in which we evidently can-
not pass it. Senators all around me warned me
that they would resist that bill. Then, sir, while
that lay on the table, there came up this proposi-
tion to organize army corps. When you propose
to organize army corps you must have, of course,
proper officers forthem. That, of course, brought
that question up, and it is here for the first time.
The question about the staffs for divisions has
been lingering here all winter; but it is not our
fault that it has not been acted upon, because it
has been resisted all the time, ana now it is here
certainly in as humble a form as it could be pre-
sented.
Mr. COWAN. 1 am perfectly willing to vote
for this bill, if this will settle the matter, if this is
a finality, if we can once be assured that we have
upon our statute-book such an act of Congress
as will enable this Army to organize itself and
become effective in the defense of the country;
but really, sir, I have lost all hopes of being
able to master these several bills; jior do I know
how many of them there are. Perhaps the hon-
orable Senator, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, could tell us how many bills,
since the commencement of the session, have been
reported from that committee, and how many we
have passed, on this subject. I was going to re-
mark that as we have refused to allow anything
like a homoeopathic practice in the medical staff
of the Army, 1 do not know why we should be
obliged to have acts of Congress in infinitesimal
doses here every morning; and I should like to
have some one act of Congress made comprehen-
sive enough to cover all the ground so that we
could understand it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A word or
two only in reply to the Senator. He complains
of the large number of bills that arc brought in
here connected with the Army at thissession,and
Erobably at the called session. Now, sir, we have
ad to create an Army of five, six, or seven hun-
dred thousand men. We have needed a great deal
of action. Of course we had not in this country
agreatdeal of experience in the War Office, and,
perhaps not so much in Army officers as we should
nave had if we, as a nation, had been engaged in
large military operations; and of course we passed
some acts that we had to modify or change. Ex-
perience showed it wo? neccssary to do so.
Now let me say a word in regard to the sugges-
tion that we should bring the whole subject in one
bill. We had a bill here the other day of twenty-
five or twenty-six sections, one of the longest that
ever passed through Congress, containing a great
number of provisions, which we passed and sent
to the House of Representatives. I thought those
measures could properly go together, and they
have gone to the House of Representatives. Then
we had a bill here for the organization of the med-
ical corps. Ought that to be mixed up with any-
thing else? Certainly not. Then we had a bill
in regard to the staffs, and a bill in regard to sut-
lers, each of which should go by itself. We had
a proposition early in the session to amend the
articles of war in a particular direction, called for
by the necessities of our condition. That went
of itself, and ought to have gone by itself m my
opinion. I think when we can bring in measures
that are of the same character, so that members
can examine them and vote upon them by them-
selves, without complicating them with measures
that have no connection with them, we ought to
do so. In my opinion, that ia the best way to act
on these subjects. Tins is a very simple bill in
itself. I will say further to the Senator, thattwo
or three bills that we have sent to the House of
Represen tativesmay comeback with amendments,
and there may be some little controversy about
those. We shall probably bring in a bill in a day
or two to reorganize the engineer corps of the
Army. I think that ought to be done, and it ought
to stand by itself. It is much easier to deal with
it by itself than when it is mixed up with half a
dozen other matters that have no connection with
it, and thus forcing Senators to vote against what
they would like perhaps to vote for if they were
not connected with things that they wished to vote
against.
Mr. COWAN. I think the vice consists in the
fact that the bill emanates from the wrong quar-
ter. I do not know how it is with my honorable
friend from Massachusetts. Certainly it is the
case with myself, that I should not be competent
to frame a bill, nor competent to determine upon
a bill of this character, not being a military man.
I think that the Department, in the first place,
should have devised a general system, and that
that should have been embodied ma bill compre-
hensive enough to cover all possible contingencies,
and that that bill should have been sent here. Then
I should have been perfectly willing to acquiesce
in it, and then we should have devoted such time
to it as would have enabled us to master, if not its
details, its general principles, and to have acted
intelligently upon it. But it is utterly impossible,
I should think—-I only speak for myself—that
members of the Senate should make themselves
familiar with the details of all this multifarious
batch of military bills that come in here from time
to time, and which I have no doubt are necessary.
1 have not a single reflection to make on the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, because I suppose they
would labor under the same difficulties that men
not connected with the subject in a professional
point of view must always iabor under. 1 would
hope, therefore, that for the future all the changes
that are to be made in the organization of the
Army, and these military bills, should be well
considered, compacted, condensed into one, and
submitted for our consideration, and then have
done with it. The men who are at the head of
the Army, the men whose business it is to be ac-
quainted with all these things, ought of course to
have some plan by "which they are to be governed
and organized, and they should furnish that plan
and then let there be an end of it; because I am
unwilling to vote here blindly day after day for
all these things, and amidst the conflicting opin-
ions of gentlemen who do undertake to know
something about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator from Pennsylvania that nearly all
the measures brought into the Senate have come
here in some form from the Department, have
been based on reports of the Secretary, or on re-
ports sent in here by the different departments of
the Army, or have had the sanction of the com-
mander of the army here, or strong recommenda-
tions from those in official authority. 1 suppose
the Senator would pay much more deference to
recommendations of the War Department, per-
haps, than he would to the recommendation of the
committee. I think he would have a right to do
so. During the present session, the committee
have sat four or five days of the week every week,
and have labored as best they could. I do not wish
to speak of myself, but I will speak for the other
members of the committee, and say that, in my
judgment, they understand the matters connected
with the Army quite as well as they are under-
stood in the War Office, either under the last ad-
ministration of that office or the present; and I
think they are quite as able to instruct the gen-
tlemen there as they are to be instructed on this
subject. I say that without any reflection on the
War Office or anybody else. They are engaged
in a multiplicity of affairs there. When recom-
mendations came to us from the Department, ask-
ing that such a thing might be done, we have
prepared bills and sent them to the office, and
sometimes they have lam there five or six weeks,
because they have had no time to attend to them,
and very few in the office understood anything
about them when they were sent there; and we
have been compelled to act in that way. That
Department of the Government, as everybody
knows, has been overborne by a multiplicity of
business, and they have not yet been nblo to de-
vote a great deal of time or attention to any one
particular subject.
1 will say further to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that! think wehavegotnearly through with
all the matters we shall have this year, and 1 can
assure him it will gratify me quite as much as it
will him to be through with them; for the burdens
that we have had to bear in these matters since
this war commenced are certainly not very pleas-
ant ones to bear.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, the Senate will par-
don me for making a very few observations; and
I shall detain them but a moment. This bill con-
tains three sections. 1 have read itcarefully. The
first section is entirely unnecessary. It provides:
That the President be, and ite Ls iieseby, authorised to
establish and oiganize anuy coips accoidmg to his dele-
tion.
That he can do as Commander-in-Chief, and
there is no necessity for that section. The second
section provides that each army corps shall have
a certain staff, one assistant adjutant, one quar-
termaster, one commissary of subsistence, and
one assistant inspector general, who are to have
the rank of lieutenant colonels, &c. As a matter
of course, an army corps would be commanded
by a general of division, a brigadier or major gen-
eral. The law fixes the number of the staff, and
to each brigadier and each major general there is
assigned a quartermaster, an adjutant general, a
commissary of subsistence, and an assistant in-
spector general. The only purpose of the second
section of the bill is to increase the pay of officers
assigned to duty in the army corps. It increases
the number of staff one, and increases the pay of
all. That is the only effect of the second section.
The third section of the bill provides for the
organization of division staffs. As a matter of
course, the commander of a division will be either
a brigadieror a major general—usually a briga-
dier general. The only effect of the thiid section
is to increase by two the number of officers as-
signed to a division, and to increase the pay of
each one. The law at present fixes the staff of a
brigadier and of a major general, and the only ef-
fect of the second and third sections is to increase
the number, or to increase the compensation paid
to these staff officers.
I do not think there is any occasion for the pas-
sage of this bill. I know very many officers of
the western army and very few of the army of the
Potomac. We have very few western troops here;
at least, none from the State of Ohio. I know one
case where a captain is serving as a quartermaster
for a division. He wrote to me the other day
about it. Pie said ho was first appointed quar-
termaster for a brigade, and then for a division,
and now he is acting, I believe, for twenty or
thirty thousand men. I have heard no complaint
from any one in the western army that they were
not receiving enough; but, on the contrary, many
officers think they are receiving too much. The
effect of this bill will be to give this friend of mine
an increase of nearly double his pay. I know he
does not desire it. I do not believe there is any
complaint by these staff officers that they are not
now receiving enough for the services that they
perform. I can see no occasion therefore for pass-
ing this bill, and I shall vote against it.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and icadathird time.
It was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage of
the bill, the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mos-sis. B-iy.ud, Browning, Carliie, Chandler,
Chirk, Collamei, Uuwan, Davis, Dixon, Doolmlr, Fessen-
den, Foster, Hams, llowaid, Howe, Kmjr, Me£)ou«uII,
Motnll, Nesmith, Pomerov, Saubbury, Simmons, Siark,
Sumner, Ten Eyc-k, Wude, Willev, Wilmot, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—29.
NAYS—Me>sjs. Gumes, Hale, Harlan, Henderson, Lano
of Kansas, Powell, Sheitnan. Trumbull, and Wright—9.
So the bill was passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HOWE. I see by the morning paper that
I was appointed yesterday to serve on the select
committee to whom were referred the papers in
regard to the loyalty of the Senator from Oregon.
I ask the Senate to excuse me from serving on
that committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Have you any good reason?
Mr. HOWE. 1 have a good reason, as I think.
I was assigned yesterday by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to act with other members
of that committee as ;x soit of sub-committee to
consider the tax bill, which is now pending in
the other House, and which we are expecting
here in due course of events; and those who are
appointed to act with me propose to devote their
whole time to it, and expect me to devote my
time to it exclusively. I really shall not have an
hour to give to this subject; and it is one which,
owing to the remoteness of those who can be fairly
supposed to be best competent to testify on the
subject, will occupy considerable time, and I have
it not tu spare. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
excuse me.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now a
