1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
have been concerned as to the pay of the pages on
the floor of the Senate, and have succeeded in get-
ting; about four bits a day off their wages; and we
have taken ten per cent, from ourown salaries,and
destroyed our mileage; and wc have gone through
the Army and taken ten per cent, from the earn-
ings of every one, because we said the condition
of the Treasury of the country demanded it; and
yet we now propose to come forward gravely
and appropriate from that Treasury $1,000,000 to
free three thousand slaves who are not held by
law, to wipe out slavery here when there are but
three thousand slaves and the masters have no
legal claim to them. I do not understand why
we should appoint commissioners to adjust their
claims. If, however, the Senate decide that there
must be a payment made, that this redemption of
a race here must be purchased and paid for, then
I insist upon it that the men who have had this
unpaid labor are not the men to have the money;
and in that event I have another amendment which
I shall ccrtainly feel constrained to propose. I
will read it. If the Senate decide that an appro-
priation of §1,000,000 must be made, and shall
of necessity be put into the bill, in that event
I shall move to strike out from section four all
after the sixth line, and to insert this as a new
section:
And be it further enacted, That the commissioners afore-
said, appointed under the provisions of this act. shall be,
and they aie hereby, authorized to make and effect an
equitable and just settlement of ail demands existing be-
tween the master or owner and the so-called slave, allow-
ing the master a reasonable compensation for all supplies
of food, clothing, or money he may have paid the slave, and
for all expenses ho may have incurred in consequence of
his sieknoss or disability, as well, also, for all the master
may have expended in his mental and intellectual educa-
tion; and at the same time, to settle and adjust the account,
the said commissioners shall allow the slave, and chaige
the same against the account of his master, a jiwt and fair
compensation for all service rendered and labor performed;
and ■such balances as said commissioner may find to be
actually due either master or slave, shall be paid to each,
respectively, out of any money hereby appropuatod for car-
rying into effect the provisions of this act. All persons
undet the age of twenty-one years appearing before said
commissioners shall he represented b> their parent-*, if hv~
ins? and within the District, and adjudged competent and
responsible to act in behalf and in trust for others; if non-
loidcnts, or adjudged incompetent, guaidians shall be ap-
pointed for them who shall act and receive their compen-
sation for them: Provided always. That in no event shall
the amount found to be due either mastei oi slave exceed
the average sum of ,*$300 lor each person libeiated by the
provisions of this act.
If the Senate shall come to the strange conclu-
sion that money must be paid, that $1,000,000
must bo appropriated by this bill, in the present
condition of the Treasury, then I say let it be
measured out m justice. There are families here
holding slaves that have served their masters for
forty years. Are you going to give the master
of such a slave $300, and tarn the slave loose with-
out any settlement for his unpaid labor? 1 insist
that it is time to have a settlement, if we propose
to pay money for this transaction. I am willing
to deal justly in this matter; but to make gratui-
ties, to give a man $300 to which he has no claim,
to give a man $300 to rid himself of some old
slave that he does not like to keep any longer, is
an act of injustice that I think the Senate will not
commit.
1 do not propose to continue the discussion of
this question to-day; but at the proper time I
shall submit the amendments whicn I have indi-
cated in accordance with my own convictions.
Mr. SUMNER. Submit them now, and let
them be printed.
Mr.POMEROY. Isend the amendments to the
table to be piinted, and I shall ask for the yeas
and nays upon them at the proper time when they
shall be presented.
The proposed amendments were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to submit some re-
marks upon this bill either now or at some other
time that will suit the wishes and pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to enable the Senator
from Virginia to address the Senate to-morrow, I
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that to -morrow two
weeks, the 3d day of April, be set aside by the
Senate for the consideration of business relating:
to the District of Columbia, on which day the bills
relating to the District shall be special orders.
The motion was agreed to, by a vote of two
thirds of the Senators present.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after sometime spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and theSenate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 19, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of a correspondence between the
Secretary ofState and the Danish charge d'affaires
and the Secretary of the Navy, concerning the
case of the bark Jorgen Lorentzen,a Danish ves-
sel, seized on her voyage from Rio Janeiro to Ha-
vana by the United States ship Morning Light,
and subsequently released; and recommending
the appropriation of the amount of the award of
the referees; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MARSHAL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO. Yesterday I moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Committee for the
District of Columbia was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution in regard to
the orders of the marshal of the District of Co-
lumbia for the exclusion of visitors from the jail,
and I now call that motion up and move that it be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, other business being now
pending before the House.
Mr. DELANO. My only object is to get rid
of the whole subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted joint resolutions of the State of Iowa in
relation to the medical department of the Army;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
COTTON CULTIVATION.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to fake from the Speaker's table the
Senate bill in reference to the cultivation of cotton.
Mr. DELANO. I object.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules wore suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday they were engaged an the
consideration of the thirty-third section, to which
the following amendment was pending, moved by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmhn:]
Strike from the thuty-third section the woids k{or of the
collector or deputy collector within whose distuct any such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall have been incuncd,:jsO that
it will read:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collectors aforesaid, or their deputies, in their
respective districts, and they aic hereby authoiized to col-
lect all the duties and taxes imposed by this act, however
the same may be designated, and to piosccute for the re-
covery of the same, and for the recovery of any sum or sums
which may be forfeited by virtue of this act; and all fines,
penalties, and forf'rjtuies which shall be incurred by force
of this act. shall and may be sued for and recovered in the
name of the United States, b> bill, plaint, or information ;
and, wheie not othei wise and differently provided for, one
moietv thcieof shall he to the use of the United States, and
the othoi moiety thereof to the use of the person who, it a
eollcctoi oi deput) eolleetoi .shail fii>t infoiin, of the cause,
matter, or thing whereby any such fine, penalty, or forfeit-
ure was incurred.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state that the object of that amendment is merely
to have all of these actions brought in the name
of the United States, and not in the name of any
collector or deputy collector. This qui tam form
of action is an old one which has long since been
abandoned, and it ought not to be retained in this
bill. Therefore I have moved to strike it out.
Mr. STEVENS. These qui tam actions are
usual ones, and I was not aware that they had
passed out of existence. They are still found very
useful in the State of Pennsylvania. I hope that
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAJN". Pennsylvania may still retain
this very ancient form of action, but f do not be-
lieve that it is retained by any State in the North-
west. I propose that all of these actions shall be
taken in the name of the United States, and not
in the name of any collector or deputy collector.
I think that this is only a fair concession to those
States which have long since abandoned the qui
tam form of action.
Mr. STEVENS. Where A B sues for himself
as well as for the United States, that is a qui tam
form of action. If the States to which the gen-
tleman has referred have not adopted it, then they
are still behind the legislation of the age.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Sherman were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 23, noes 41; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The roll will be called.
Mr. HOLMAN. Several sections were passed
over yesterday for ultimate amendment in the
committee or in the House, and I suggest that this
section be also passed over in like manner.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. This is an immaterial and
not a radical amendment, and I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Itis not an immaterial amend-
ment. I will explain.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
in order to permit the business of the committee
to progress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert, in the thirty-third section, after the word
"information," the words " before any court of
competent jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to strike out the
words "if a collector or deputy collector," and to
add:
And shall cause the same to bo prosecuted: Provided,
however, That the United States in no such case shall be
liable for the cost of the prosecution.
So that the thirty-third section will then read:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collectors aforesaid, oi tlieii deputies, in their
respective districts, and they are hereby authorized to col-
lect all the duties and taxes impose* by this act, however
the same may bo designated, and to prosecute for the re-
covery of the same, and for the recovery of any sum or sums
which may be foifeited by viitue of this act; andall fines,
penalties, and forfeitures which shall be incurred by force
of this act, shall and may be sued for and lecoveied in the
name of the United States, or of the collectoi or deputy
collector within whoso distnet any such fine, penaltv. or
forfeiture shall have been incurred, by bill, plaint, or in-
formation before any couit of competent jurisdiction, and
where not otherwise and diffetently piovided for, one
moiety thereof i>hall be to the use of the United States, and
the other moiety thereof to the use of the person who shall
fust inform of the cau^e, matter, or tiling whereby any such
fine penalty, or forfeiture was incurred, and shall cause
the same to he piosecuted: Provided, however, That the
United States in no such case shall be liable for the costof
the piosecution.
The section as it now stands provides that a
suit may be brought in the name of the United
States. It also provides that the collcctor or as-
sistant collector may bring this suit. In case the
collector or assistant collector brings the suit, he
is entitled to one moiety of the fine. But the sec-
tion does not provide for the bringing of this suit
by any other person. If the amendment is
adopted any person other than the collector or as-
sistant collector may bring a suit of this charac-
ter as well as he, and the amendment added to
the end of the section will provide that in case the
suit is prosecuted successfully to judgment, the
person prosecuting the offense shall be entitled to
one moiety of the fine; but that in no case shall
the United States be chargeable with the cost of
prosecutions of this character
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to oppose this
