1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IRON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the bill to provide for the
construction of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will be postponed
until we receive the answer of the Secretary of the
Navy to the resolution adopted yesterday. I move
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM OREGON.
Mr. BAYARD. I move, as a privileged ques-
tion, to take up the credentials of Mr. Stark, of
Oregon, and the accompanying motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] to refer the credentials, with the
papers presented by him, to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall endeavor, Mr. Presi-
dent, to state as briefly as I possibly can to the
Senate my objections to the motion made bj the
honorable Senator from Maine in its entirety,
though a part of it I have no t the slightest objection
to; and I shall refrain entirely from going into any
question connected with the affidavits and the decla-
rations stated in those affidavits to have been made
by Mr. Stark, because the subject is more prop-
erly under the Constitution to be disposed of in
another mode.
On Monday last the honorable Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] presented the credentials
of Mr. Stark as a Senator appointed from that
State. The honorable Senator from Maine ob-
jected to Mr. Stark being sworn in as a member
of the Senate, and presented certain papers which
had been addressed to the Secretary of State, ac-
companied by affidavits, which he considered im-
posed a disqualification on Mr. Stark's right to
be sworn in, and he moved the reference of the
whole subject to the Committee on the Judiciary.
My object will be to show that this is not in ac-
cordance with the Constitution oftheUnited States,
and that Mr. Stark has the right to be sworn in,
although it may be perfectly proper—and to that
I have not the slightest objection—that the papers
which have been presented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine shall be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, or to any other committee
that the Senate choose to refer them to, for the
purpose of investigation and subsequent action
by the Senate, if that investigation shall lead to
subsequent action.
Now, sir, what is the state of facts? The gen-
tleman's credentials are presented here by a Sen-
ator of the United States. According to the Con-
stitution, each State—it is the right of the State—
is entitled to two Senators; and if it happens that
at any time a seat becomes vacant, and a term is
broken by the death or resignation of a member
of the body, the Executive of the State, in the
recess of the Legislature, has the right of appoint-
ment vested in him. In this case, the credentials
are presented showing an authority, under the
great seal of the State, appointing Mr. Stark a
Senator of the United States until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature of Oregon. The authority
is unquestioned; no one has objected to it. Next
comes the clause of the Constitution which pre-
scribes the qualifications of a Senator, and under
that clause no one doubts that authority is given
to a majority of this body to decide upon those
qualifications. No one doubts that a majority
decides on "the returns"—meaning the creden-
tials—and "the qualifications" of the member.
That authority is vested by the Constitution in a
majority of either House; and, therefore, when an
individual applies to be sworn in as a Senator, if
objection is madeeitherto the authority to appoint
him, or to the mode of appointment, or to his
qualifications, beyond all question it is competent
for the Senate, by a majority, judicially to decide
that question, and that is what they always do.
There may have been erroneous decisions made;
but the presumption is, that every Senator feels
that he is acting judicially in deciding, under the
Constitution and on the credentials, whether the
party is entitled to a seat.
Among the qualifications prescribed by the Con-
stitution you can find no ground for interposing
an objection to a party being sworn in who is
properly appointed, no matter how debased his
moral character may be, no matter though he lie
under the stigma of an indictment and conviction
for crime. Your remedy is not by rejecting him,
if the proper authority of his State chooses to ap-
point him, because that power is not vested m the
majority of this body; but you are protected, as
I wilt show you, by a subsequent clause, from
anythingof that kind. The question is left to the
appointing power in the State as regards a Sen-
ator or Representative, the people or the people's
agents in the State, to determine whether or not
the individual is fit morally to represent them; and
I suppose loyalty comes under the designation of
moral character as well as under anything else.
Even if there were a conviction for crime, forgery
if you please, it would afford no ground, it would
give no warrant to the Senate of the United States
in rejecting by a majority a person who presented
himself as a Senator, legally appointed by the
proper authority in his own State. The Consti-
tution prescribes the qualifications, and it has not
touched any question of that kind relating to the
capacity or the morality of the paTtyj. If he was
an idiot you could not reject him. If he was a
man destitute of all moral character, such that you
would feel disgraced by associating with him, you
could not by a majority of this body reject him
when his State chose to send him here by the
properly constituted authority. You have some
authority over the subject, to be sure, as I admit;
but you are violating the Constitution if, under
the power which is given to you to decide by a
majority on the rcturnsand qualifications ofa mem-
ber, you undertake to usurp the power of adding
qualifications which the Constitution has not pre-
scribed.
I submit, therefore, that Mr. Stark has a right
to be sworn in. I speak now utterly irrespective
of any opinion of what these papers may prima
facie establish, or what would be the result of an
investigation, or whether the facts stated, (for
they are mere declarations, not acts,) would be
sufficient for action in another form or not. All
that is beside the question. There is no prescrip-
tion by which you can make so indefinite a term
as loyalty a qualification under the Constitution,
which you have a right by a majority to decide
is a qualification for a member. I submit that a
majority of the Senate have no such authority,
that the party is entitled of right to be sworn m
as a member of the Senate, and he is then, as a
member of this body, subject to the action which
I shall now indicate. After prescribing in the fifth
section of the first article of the Constitution, that
each House shall be the judge of the elections,
qualifications, and returns'of its members, which
of course is by a majority, the Constitution, for
the further protection of the bodies, provides that
" each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly be-
havior"—that may be done by a majority—" and
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber." I am perfectly aware that some persons
have given to this last clause the construction that
you can only expel for disorderly behavior. I
think not so. It is very plain to me that that
clause is made without any specification whatever
of.the ground, because it means to leave in the
absolute power of two thirds of the body the right
of expulsion for whatever they in justice and in
reason suppose to be sufficient ground of expul-
sion. They may err sometimes; but that is the
intention of the clause; it is an absolute power;
it prescribes no ground or cause for which expul-
sion shall take place, for that would be impossi-
ble, but it leaves it to rest in the opinion of two
thirds as to whether the member is fit to be a
member of the body or not. The only restriction
is—and the restriction is imposed for that reason
—that a two-thirds vote being required, and a
majority not being able to do it, the rational pre-
sumption is, that two thirds of the body would
not be willing w-ithout reason and justice to expel
any member for an insufficient cause, though they
might differ from himin opinion, and might think
his action censurable. The power to censure, to
punish, exists in the body by a majority. The
power to expel is given without restriction as to
the cause, but is dependent upon a different vote
from the judgment on the qualifications of the
member—a vote of two thirds, and not a vote of
a majority of the body.
For these reasons I submit that, in this case,
the proper course is to declare—and I shall move
an amendment to that effect—that Mr. Stark is
entitled to his seat Under his credentials. No ob-
jection whateveris made to them. The credentials
are strictly in proper form. They corac from the
unquestioned authority of the State; knd ther? is
no ground of qualification which y6ft can decide
upon under the Constitution by a majority which
would prevent his being sworn in. Has he hot
then the right? And see to what a contrary doe-
trine would lead. If the declarations stated in these
affidavits be correct, you have the full powet to
remedy yourselves by depriving the member 'tif
the seat; and that is a power resting in the will of
two thirds, controlled only by reason and justice;
but here you are bound by the Constitution; you
have no authority to impose additional qualifica-
tions to what that Constitution imposes. You
have the right of expulsion by a two-thirds vote.
If the majority can impose additional qualifica-
tions of any kind but what the Constitution pre-
scribes, where will it end ? You are not deciding
now a precedent only for the day; you are de-
ciding it as to its ulterior effects; and recollect
precedents always will be followed. In the fierce
and close struggles of party that may at any time
take place, just think how many causes there are
for which a bare majority of the body might re-
fuse apolitical opponent the right to-come in.
When his presence would tie that body, howeasy
it would be to make some sort of objection—to
refer his credentials to a committee,or even tore-
fuse him his seat by a majority—when there was
no more dispute than there is here as to the legal-
ity of the appointment and the qualifications of
the party according to the provisions of the Con-
stitution.
I submit that it would be a very, very danger-
ous precedent to establish, and that there is no ne-
cessity for it, because all the evil which (taking
it as presumptive evidence from the affidavits that
such things have been said) could arise to the
body can be remedied by the vote of two thirds of
the Senate under the power of expulsion, which
is a power of will resting in discretion alone, con-
fined by no cause, but restricted only to he used
by two thirds of the body. I do not purpose to
enter into the question of what are the declara-
tions complained of. They are only declarations,
and are stated in these affidavits. The paper is
addressed to the Secretary of State of the United
States, not to the Senate. I do not know that it
was even intended by the signers to come to the
Senate; there is nothing to show that it was in-
tended to come to the Senate. The affidavits were
made; they are certainly ex parte; they were all
made before a single magistrate; and of course in
times like these they would necessarily be tinged
by the excitement of the hour; and of all human
testimony the repetition of casual conversations
is least to be relied on, even in the ordinary pur-
poses of life, for the establishing of any eviden-
tiary fact. We all know that from experience.
But what may be the effect of an investigation,
and what may be your subsequent action, is a
totally different thing. You have the power to
expel. You have an ample vote for the purpose.
I mean now a vote founded upon strong sy mpa-
thy so far as that goes; you have the unquestioned
power; I think I may say you have a three-fourths
vote on the part of those who agree in all respects
in this body. You have therefore nothing to fear.
Then is it not wiser to adhere to the mandates of
the Constitution,and to conduct things according
to the Constitution, than to trample upon it for
the purpose of excluding a gentleman from his
seat, because you may have received an impres-
sion against him arising from ex parte affidavits'
Again, the injustice in this case would be more
striking, because, as I said, under the appoint-
ment Mr. Stark has a right to the seat; the Con-
stitution has given him the right to a seat on this
floor. You are depriving him of that right by
sending to a committee papers which do not go to
the question of qualification within the intent of
the Constitution, (which is the power under which
you are deciding.) The appointment itself is a
provisional and temporary appointment, and you
may keep the matter in committee until the term
ex pi res. Ce rtainl y, that would be a gross inj ustice
to any man, as well as a violation of the Constitu-
tion. ni.-
In addition let me say, that, apart from all this,
I think I may declare with absolute certainty,
without reference to the objection I now make,
that in all the cases which have hitherto occurred
