1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
224?
ment, thinks the resolution is not a question of
privilege, but the Chair is informed that during
the last Congress a similar resolution was held to
be a question of privilege. That is the only pre-
cedent on the subject. The Chair will, therefore,
submit it to the Mouse whether they will enter-
tain the resolution as a question of privilege, or
not.
Mr. ANCONA. I think the objection is made
to the resolution upon the ground that it will pro-
long the session. I believe, from the manifesta-
tion that the House has already given the Senate,
that it will not have that effect. The House is
now ready for a final adjournment within a very
short period. I do not think the adjournment
proposed in this resolution would prolong the ses-
sion at all. It would give sonic of us who have
been confined here fur a long time an opportunity
to run home for a few days, and I have no doubt
a large majority of the members of the House are
desirous of such an opportunity. It will also
afford an opportunity to the Doorkeeper or the j
proper officer to put down the matting for the
summer and to change the chairs and other fur-
niture of the House. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The question is on enter-
taining the resolution as a question of privilege.
Mr! WICKLIFFE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question. It involves a very im-
portant principle affoctingthe rights of the House.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. If the House ad-
journs now, will not this be the first business in
order to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I move that
the House do now adjourn. There is evidently
not a quorum here.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to five o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 21, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is rather novel, I
think, at this period of the session. It is some-
times done in the very great hurry at the end of
the session, when there is hardly time to finish
the business. I think it is a rather dangerous pre-
cedent.
ThePRFiSIDFiNT/w)£H?i;)ortf. Objection being
made, the Journal will be read, but the Chair will
suggest that unless demanded by the Senate the
reading of the names on the yea and nay votes
will be omitted.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we had better have it
all read if we have any of it. It is all equally
intelligible.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a preliminary report of the
eighth census, by the Superintendentof that work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the report of the
census, it ought to be published, I think. I move
that one hundred thousand copies of it be printed.
I do not know how many should be.printed; but
let it go to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rules.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented two
petitions from merchants of New York, praying
for the passage of a general uniform bankiupt
law; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER presented two petitions of mer-
chants of New York, praying for the passage of
a general uniform bankrupt law; which were
referred to ihe Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petitionof citizens
of Indiana, praying that Congress cease legisla-
tion upon the subject of slavery, and bend their
energies to the single purpose of putting down the
rebellion and restoring the Government to the po-
sition it occupied previous to the rebellion; winch
was referred to the joint committee on the con-
duet of the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of Mrs.
Fanny Mactier Smith, widow of Major General
Charles F. Smith, of the United States Army,
praying for a pension. 1 simply desire to say, in
this connection, that General Smith, during the
forty years of his scrvice to the country, was six
times promoted for gallantry and distinguished
conduct; he has now died from a wound received
in the service,leaving a widowand three children
entirely destitute and dependent upon their coun-
try for support. I wish,therefore, to call the par-
ticular attention of the Committee on Pensions to
this subject, and hope they will make an early
report.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present a
communication, in the nature of a memorial, from
the Yearly Meeting of Friends, held in Philadel-
phia, for the States of Pennsyl vania, Now Jersey,
Delaware, and the Eastern Shore of Maryland,
during the present month of May. As the com-
munication comes from a meeting representing a
very large and worthy and religious society of
Friends residing in four of the loyal States of this
Union, I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the President, Senate* and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America:
At the Ye.nlv Meeting of Friends, held in Philadelphia,
for lVnnsjIvama, New Jciscy, Delaware, and the Eastern
Slioio of M«u\ land, by adjournments fiom the Lith day ot
the fifth month to the 16ih of thn same inclusive, A. D.
Iif62, the following minute was read, united with, dnected
to be signed by the cle.iks, and forwarded :
This "meeting hay been introduced into a deep concern
relative to the pte&ent condition of oin coitntiy.
Our minds have been directed to those who piesideover
our national Government, and gratitude lias been It'll to the
Gieat Ruler ot nations that lie has so Jar moved the hearty
o( these that they have decreed the District of Columbia
free from slaveiv.
We earnestly de*he that the Chief Magistiatc of the na-
tion and our Congress may, in tln< season ot deep ttial,
humbly seek divine guidance; that under tins influence
they may act for the cause of justice and tneiey, in that
wimIoih which is pure, peaceable, and profitable to diicct;
and that the efluMcm of blood may be stayed.
Signed by direction and on behalf of the meeting afoie-
baid.
MARY S. LIPPWOOTT,
Clcik of Women's Meeting.
WILLIAM GU1SCOM,
Clerk of the Men's Meeting.
Mr. TEN EYCK. This communication calls
for no special legislation; I therefore move that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
hill (H. R.No. 42o) to incorporate the Guardian
Society, and reform juvenile offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of the loyal
representatives of Frederick P. Brose, deceased,
to report it back, with a recommendation that it
do not pass. I move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. GRIMES. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (II. R. No. 485) for the relief of
Philip Landsdale, surgeon United States Navy,
to report it back, with a recommendation that it
do not pass. I move that the bill bo indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. GRIMES. I am further instructed by the
same committee, to whom was reterred the bill
(Ft. R. No. 447) for the relief of Horace M.Hies-
kell, a paymaster in the United States Navy, to
lepoi tit back without amendment, and recommend
i its passage.
i Mr. FOSTER., from the Committee on the Ju-
1 diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 167)
to authorize the examination of parties to suits 111
the courts of the United States,and forother put-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 13o)
to quiet titles in the District of Columbia, askeu
to be discharged from its further considerations
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the &ill (S.No.
293) for the protection of soldiers in the military
service of the United States, and to suspend civil
proceedings against them in the United States
courts, reported it adversely.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 392) to establish
certain post roads; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
BOUNTY FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be instiucted to inquire into tile expediency of
reporting at an early day a bill providing a suitable bounty
I'm those of our soldiers who enlisted for the term of three
months and those who enlisted for one year; also, a bill
providing pennons for the widows and families of those of
onr soldiers who have died in tile service of the United
States.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
319) to provide for engraving, electrotyping, and
lithographing; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay, bis Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on the
20th instant, the following acts and joint resolu-
tion:
An act (S. No. 222) to provide for the codifi-
cation and revision of the laws of the District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 240) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in primary schools through-
out the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, without the limits of Washington and
Georgetown;
An act (S. No. 271) prescribing the qualifica-
tions of electors in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia;
An aet (S. No. 304) to authoiize the appoint-
ment of medical storekeepets and chaplains of
hospitals; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 67) in relation to the
claim of Marshall 0. Roberts, for the loss of the
steamer Star of the West.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 392) to establish certain post roads
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee Oil the Post Office and Post Roads.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mi'.Etheridge, its
Clerk:-
Mr. Frlsident : I an) directed to inform the Senate that
the !! ote< of Representatives has appointed Mr- Bingham
ot' Ohio, Mr. Hickman of Pennsylvania, Mr. Penoi,e.to«
of Ohio. Mr. Trus of Massachusetts, and Mi. Dunlap of
Kentucky, managers to conduct the impeachment against
West H.'Hllmph'reis, judge of the distuct eourtofthe Uni-
ted States foi the several districts of Tennessee, and lias
directed the said managers to carry to the Senate the aiti-
des of impeachment agreed npon by the House, to be ex-
lnhited in maintenance of their impeachment against tlie
said West H. Humphreys.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to offer a resolution in
reference to the message from the House of Rep-
resentatives we have just received.
The PRESIDENT;;)'0 tempore. The resolution
from the House of Representatives will first be
read, and then the lesolutionof the Senator from
Connecticut.
The Secretary read the rlousc resolution, aa
follows:
]>■ Hocsi: of Kfphesentatives, May !■>. J8WJ.
Rcsolvctl, That a message he sent to Ihe Senate to inform
them that tlii* lion-e have appointed managers on their part
to conduct the impeachment against West II. Humplncys,
and have directed Ihe said manager- t.i cany to the Senate
the ai tides of impeach ment agreed upon by the House to be
exhibited in maintenance of their impeachment against rlie
said West ii. lliiniphieys.
The Secretary then read Mr. Foster's resolu-
tion, as follows:
Rcsolceil, That at one o'clock to-morrow afternoon, tlie
I Senate will resolve itself into a court of impeachment; at
