1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3207
own men, and they are to-day stripping the south-
ern States of every white man capable of bearing
arms for the final contest. They have not discrim-
inated in favor of the Union man of the North who
was temporarily residing there. They have d rafted
him into their service and made him fight against
his brother. They have made no distinction be-
tween the free negro and the slave, except that in
the one case they have, by mere word of mouth,
broughtthe slave into the service, and in the other
they have forced the free negro in to fight against
his will.
I was much gratified at one remark the Senator
made, so truthfully and eloquently; and that was
that if the southern States were successful, it was
not the end of secession. That I believe. If they
weresuccessfulin this contest, the northern States,
the free States, would soon divide: first, the West
from the East; and eventually mountairkfange and
every lake and principal river would form the
boundary line of some petty principality; and we
would be helpless among ourselves, in eternal tur-
moil, a laughing-stock and a disgrace throughout
the world. Such being the case, I deem the Union
is worth saving, and if worth saving, every loyal
man should be willing to contribute his last dol-
lar and his last meal in its defense.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. BROWNING. I will ask the Senator if
he will not give way to a motion to have the
amendments to this bill printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I should be glad to have
the amendments now pending printed. This is a
very important subject, and we ought to have
them before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the amendments to this bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 9,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Byron Sun-
derland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CASE OF JUSTUS SIcKINSTRY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, the pro-
ceedings of the court of inquiry in the case of
Justus McKmstry; which were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
WHITE HOUSE HOSPITAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the House, copies
of letters from Major General George B. McClel-
lan, of the 22d of June, and E. P. Vollum, med-
ical inspector, of the 24th of June, in reference to
the occupation by the troops of the army of the
Potomac of the White House, Virginia, as a hos-
pital.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that the letter of
General McClellan be read.
The SPEAKER. It is very long.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, the papers
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Joint
Committee on the Library, House joint resolution
No. 100, providing for the distribution of certain
books ana public documents now in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, in order that it may be put
on its passage.
Mr. RO§COE CONKLING. I object to that
resolution.
ESTATE OF LIEUTENANT JOSEPH WIIEATON.1
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall settle and adjust the
claim of the administratrix of Lieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased, upon principles of equity and
justice, and pay whatever may be found to be due
to her on the part of the Government.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior in support of
this claim.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, March 27, 1882.
Sirj T have the honor t« acknowledge the receipt of a
resolution of the House of Representatives adopted on the
14th instant, refening to this Department for adjustment the
claim of Mary A. Berault, administratrix of the late Joseph
Wheaton.
Upon an examination ofthe papers referred to me, I am
fully satisfied of the justice of this claim, and concur in the
report of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims in its
favor. The services of Lieutenant Wheaton were of a
highly meritorious character, and continued from a time
anterior to the passage of the act of Congress of October,
1780, promising half pay for life to those who should serve
until the end of the war, until the final and successful term-
ination of the revolutionary struggle.
The principle upon which the claim is based has been
recognized and sustained by the Court of Claims in the
case of Dr. Baird, and the decision of that court has re-
ceived the sanction of Congress.
I should not hesitate to adjust and allow the claim, as
recommended by the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, if any fund were placed at my disposal from which
it could be paid} but no appropriation has been made which
is applicable to the payment of claims of this character.
1 therefore return the papers, with a recommendation that
an appropriation be made by Congress for as payment.
I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr.LOVEJOY. There was a very meritorious
claim similar to this before that committee, and
I understood, after having considered it, that they
had come to the conclusion to allow no such claims.
I do not object to this particular case, but I do
object to a discrimination in favor of one case
and against another, although it may be founded
upon the same condition of facts.
Mr. DUELL. The rule adopted by the com-
mittee, in the case to which the gentleman refers,
was upon the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Intwior, who believed that claims of heirs of
revolutionary soldiers for pensions due to their an-
cestors, ought not to be allowed. This case dif-
fers from the one referred to by the gentleman
from Illinois. It is for the half pay promised by
resolution of the Continental Congress of 1780.
Nearly all such claimants have been already paid
under different acts of Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The claim I have referred
to has equal merit.
Mr. DUELL. I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois, that if the case is of this character, it will
not be cut off by the joint resolution passed at this
session of Congress. It can then be considered
and passed at any time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not object to this claim.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DUELL, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
Petition ofthe administrator of Richard Wood,
for allowance of half pay as surgeon's mate during
the revolutionary war;
Petition of Lewis Marnay's heirs, praying for
half pay, &.c.; and
Petition of Nathaniel Head's heirs, praying for
compensation for property destroyed during the
revolutionary war.
DE GROOT CLAIM.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution regarding the adjust-
ment of a certain claim therein mentioned; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed, and
then recommitted to the same committee.
SURVEY OF LANDS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported back
House bill No. 511, to amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of the public lands ofthe United States,"ap-
proved May 30, 1862, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with the following substitute:
That so much of the third section of the act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of the
public lands in the United States," approved May 30,1862,
as provides that patents shall not issue for private land
claims until the costs of the survey and platting have been
paid into the Treasury of the United States by the claim-,
ants, shall be and the same is> hereby repealed, so far as it
refers to the Territory of New Mexico : Provided, however,
That this repeal shall not apply to any surveys of any pri-
vate land claims made prior to their confirmation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the eighth sec-
tion of the act aforesaid, transferring the duties of register
and receiver of New Mexico to the surveyor general of that
Territoiy, is repealed with the same force as though the
said eighth section had not become a law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
the third section of the act proposed to be repealed
by this bill provided that no patent should be is-
sued unless the patent fees were first paid. Now,
those who know anything of the private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico, know
that these surveys are as much required by the
interests of the Government as they are required
by the interests of the claimants themselves.
These claimants received their titles from the Gov-
ernment of Mexico before we acquired jurisdic-
tion over this territory. Their titles are complete
and perfect, and these surveys are quite as essen-
tial to theGovernment as they are to the claimants.
It would be almost an act of confiscation, in many
instances, to require these parties to pay for the
survey of these lands. We repeal the section so
far as it requires owners of confirmed claims to
pay for these surveys, leaving the owners of un-
confirmed claims to pay for the survey of those
lands.
In regard to the eighth section, proposed to be
repealed, I will say that that section devolves cer-
tain duties of the register and receiver of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico upon the surveyor gen-
eral of that Territory. As the law stood the
receiver was made the depositary of the public
funds under the Secretary of the Treasury; but
the eighth section of the law, jvhich is proposed
to be repealed, transferred those duties takhesur-
veyor general. I ask the Clerk to read the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, June 30, 1862.
Sir: Your letter, stating that a bill has been introduced
and leferrcd to the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
repeal the eighth section of" An act to reduce the expenses
ofthe survey and sale of public lands in the United States,"
and asking my opinion of the bill, has been received.
The section which the bill proposes to repeal provides
that, from and after July 1, 1862,the duties of the regis-
ter and receiver o£ New Mexico shall be transferred to and
devolved upon the surveyor general of that Territory."
Mr. Grciner, the iceeiver of New Mexico, had been des-
ignated a depositary of the United States before the passage
ofthe act, and lar«e sums have been sent to him as such. To
change this designation and deposit, at this time, would be
verv inconvenient, if not senously prejudicial to the pub-
lic interest. I think, theiefore, that, for the present at
least, the office should be suffered to remain in existence ;
and I recommend the repeal of the section referred to, and
the revival of the former provisions with the same force
and effect as if no legislation, transferring the duties of
registei and receiver to the surveyor general, had taken
place.
With great respect, S. P. CHASE,
lion. Samuel S. Blur, Chabman. $c.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. A large sum of
money has been deposited by the Secretary of the
Treasury with the register and receiver of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico. I believe that the troops
there have not been paid, and if these duties of the
receiver are devolved upon the surveyor general,
no payment will be made in a long time to come.
I understand that all of these facts are within the
knowledge of the Delegate from the Territory of
New Mexico.
Mr. LOW. I do not see why the private land
claims of New Mexico shall be more considered
than the private land claims of California. It is
proposed here that the Government shall bear the
expense of the survey of these lands in New Mex-
ico, while, at the same time, these surveys in Cal-
ifornia are compelled to be at the expense of the
claimants. Why is this?
Mr. BLAIR,of Pennsylvania. I can only speak
of the bill as it was sent to the committee. It pro-
vided merely for the repeal of the eighth section
