1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment upon the ground that it will open the
door to a great many frauds. For if this qui tam
action may be brought by any one, a person
knowing that he was going to be sued, would pro-
cure a friend to institute a suit against him. The
individual who desires to promote the ends of
justice, afterwards institutes his suit. The plea
to the second suit will be that of a former action
pending for the same cause. The two suits will
go on together, and finally the genuine action will
be discontinued, and after that is done, the other
suit will be discontinued also. Thus all the pur-
poses of this bill will be defeated by the adoption
of this amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN". I move to strike out all of
the section after the word <i information;" as fol-
lows:
And whoie not otherwise and differently piovided for,
one moiety thereof t-hn.il be to the use of the United States,
and the othei moiety thereof to the use ol itie person who',
if' a collector 01 deputy collector, ihalJ first lnfoim, ot' the
cause, nmttei, or thing whereby any such fine, penalty, or
forfeituie was incuned.
I make this motion for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether the House is resolved to perpetuate
this old form of action known technically as a qui
tam action, in which one half of the recovery goes
to the benefit of the informer, and the other half
to the Government. 1 should bo untrue to mv own
State, which repudiated many years ago that form
of action as tending to corruption and perjury, if
I did not submit tins amendment. I believe there
are hut few States in this Union, beyond Penn-
sylvania and a few others-—which my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] suggests to me are
somewhat old fogy in their tendencies—which re-
tain this old form of common law action, which
sprung up at a time when these prosecutions could
alone secure the performance of public duties, the
sti ong moial obligation which ordinarily controls
the minds of citizens of a free country not being
sufficient to secure fidelity in public duties.
L am opposed to this whole feature of the bill.
1 am not willing: to say to the collectors, who m~
\ade every portion of the country, that they may
resort to tricks and strategy for the purpose of
inveigling unsuspecting citizens into a violation
of this law, so as to enable them to receive the
benefit of one half of the sums which they may
recover for bringing this action. 1 do not believe
there are half a dozen States in the Union where
this form of action lsVecognized at all. I may be
deceived about it, but I do not believe there are
so many. I think the inducement growing out of
the fact that it is a paitof the duty of the collector
to bring this action should be sufficient for him,
without holding out to him a bribe to coiruption
suggesting a profit upon his own craft, or upon
his own perjury. The informer, even under mo-
narchical governments, has been ever odious. The
very name of public informer is a word of dis-
honor, and yet while we are ingrafting upon our
system of government a new feature, a system of
permanent taxation, we here piopose to accom-
pany it with a feahue which tends to increase in-
tensely the centralizing power of our Government.
This tax is inevitable, and you cannot avoid it.
Your citizens must meet it like patriots and men;
but in the name of liberty, I insist that as few of
the old elements of centralized political power
shall be submitted to in enforcing the collection
of these taxes on the people as the nature of the
subject will admit of. There is no necessity for
this. American citizens are honest enough to
perform their public duties without holding out
this debasing bribe of one half of the recovery.
1 trust that this old and odious feature, the device
of monarchies, will not be ingrafted upon our
legislative system.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the counselfor
a rogue could have made a better speech in his
favor than the gentleman from Indiana has made
in favor of those who incur penalties to enable
them to escape. I do not know that such was the
gentleman's object, but that is the effect of his
proposition. I had not before learned that this
was an antiquated and obsolete form under our
laws. I find, running all through our revenue
system, from beginning to end, that this form of
action still exists. I observe that the officeis of
the Government m the custom-houses, and m the
naval department everywhere, shaie a poition of
the forfeiture, where a forfeiture occurs. I should
like to know when this system was abolished ? it
may have been abolished in Ohio and Indiana. I
am not aware how it is there. I have not partic-
ularly studied their laws, because I did not. know
that they had attained such perfection. But I do
know, that if you take away the qui tam action as
an inducement to men to prosecute for wrongs
and give them no more than the ordinary fees,
they will not prosecute at all. Who is going to
carry on an action of this kind, hunt up witnesses,
and prosecute to conviction and collect the fine,
for a mere per diem of one and a half or two dol-
lars? Who is going to incur the odium which
attaches to this action and the hatred of these men
who violate the laws? Men who will commit
frauds will be vindictive; and a man who prose-
cutes for the penalty will incur their anger, and
most likely their revenge. I believe, therefore,
that when you strike out this form of action, there
will, practically, be no penalty. The Government
loses nothing by this course. The Government
gams one half of the penalty. The gentleman
from Indiana says this is a bribe to the prosecutor
to be dishonest. If one man incurs a penalty and
an inducement is held out to another man to take
upon him the unpopular and perhaps dangerous
task of prosecuting him for the penalty, I do not
see how that is a bribe to dishonesty. I believe
it is a wholesome regulation, and the only one by
which you can enforce the laws. It is the life
and vigor of our revenue .laws at the present day.
Except in Indiana, this system is in vogue, and
we are not going back to barbarism by retaining
this provision. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out in the fifteenth line the words1' if
a collcctor or deputy collector." It seems to me
that if the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means wishes to make his bill effective by
making it the interest of parties to prosecute those
who attempt to evade its provisions, he ought not
to confine the icward to the officers of the Gov-
ernment, but to extend it to all paities who may
inform. As the bill now stands, no party who
informs is to leceive anything unless he is a col-
lector or deputy collector.
Mr. WORCESTER. I have proposed an
amendment which obviates that objection.
Mr. DUNN. Well, sir, I desire to have the
section so amended that this leward shall not be
given to officers of the Government. When a man
is sworn to perform certain official duties, he
ought to do it under the obligations of his oath,
withoutanyotherpecuniary interestthan hisusual
compensation. Let a public officer perform this
duty without any other compensation than the
regular compensation of his office. f think if we
wish to make a public officer odious to the people
there is no better way of doing it than by present-
ing him before the public as prosecuting cases for
his own private benefit. While he is acting under
his obligations as an officer of the Government,
the people respect him, because he is merely at-
tempting to discharge his official duties; but when
he becomes a prosecutor for his own private ben-
efit, he justly becomes odious to the community.
I shall vote against the provision as it now stands.
I withdtaw my amendment.
The question was token on Mr. Worcester's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion to strike out ail of the section after the word
" information."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to strike out the word
"person," m the fifttenth line, and insert" com-
mon schools of the States where collected."
My object is to prevent the holding out of this
motive to the collectors and deputy collectors to
enforce these penalties. I say to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that this
feature of allowing the informer to receive the
benefitof these prosecutions will, asmy colleague
[Mr. Dunn*] suggests, render this tax and this
bill most odious. It is the most odious feature
that could possibly be attached to the bill, and
especially in those States whei e this qui tam form
of action has been abolished as inconsistent with j
the fair administration of public justice. I say .
to the gentleman that in the State which I in part ,
icpieseiu if anything would create almost a rev- '
olution in public sentiment, it would be the pres-
ence of collectoi sand deputy collectors who would
visit the houses of our people with power to get •
up actions with a view to their own pecuniary in-
terests. I trust that if it is necessary to create
some motive for the prosecution of these actions
for these penalties, that motive would be found
ample and sufficient in the fact that half of the
amount of the penalties collected would go to the
benefit of the common schools of the State where
the penalties are collected.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot understand the gen-
tleman's reasoning. I do not pretend to be so uni-
versally versed in the laws of the different States
as to be able to contradict the gentleman's state-
ment; but I never heard this fact before, that the qui
tam actions have been entirely abolished in most
of the States.
But the gentleman thinks it very odious that,
when a man incurs a penalty of $500, any one
should go to his house to collect evidence of the
fact of the forfeiture. He seems to think that the
man who had incurred the forfeiture would be
very much vexed at any one coming to his house
to collect evidence. Well, sir, I have no doubt
of it, for I remember the doggerel that—
li No rogue ere felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law."
But if the gentleman's amendment should be
adopted, the clause would read: " And the other
moiety thereof to the use of the common schools
of the States where collectcd, who, if a collector or
deputy collector, shall first inform of the cause,
matter, or thing whereby any such fine, penalty,
or forfeiture was incurred." That will never do.-
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend my amend-
ment, in order to perfect it, by sinking out all the
words after "person," and including that word,
as follows:
Person who, if a eollcctoi or deputy collcctor, shall first
inform of the cau^c, matter, or thing whereby any such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture was inclined.
Mr. BINGHAM. I oppose the amendment,
I was disposed, iri the first place, if it met the ap-
probation of the committee, to try the experiment
of collecting the taxes without the qui tam pro-
vision; but when the point is made here, and it
goes to the country that we are to change the uni-
form legislation of the Federal Government; uni-
form since the foundation of the Government;
uniform since the gentleman had existence, on
the ground that it is odious for an American cit-
izen to go into a court of justice and inform, in
behalf of his country, against a violator of its laws,
and that it will excite something like insurrection
or revolt, I want to meet it. I have no idea of the
Government of the United States being scared
from its propriety, or alarmed into a change of its
uniform legislation, upon a suggestion from any
quarter that the people of this country will revolt
against legislation which conforms to the usage
of the Government from its foundation to this
hour.
It does not follow, because certain madmen
have taken up arms against the Republic of the
United States, that everybody else in the Republic
is going to turn madman too. If it is so, if the
mob is to rule and not the law, then the sooner
the people find it out the better. If that is to be
the rule, the Government is a sham. The idea is
suggested here that we are to change the uniform
legislation of the country that we may avoid what
is called "centralization." Sir, the word "cen-
tralization" has no meaning in reference to Amer-
ican institutions. I can understand it well enough
when applied either to the effete or existing insti-
tutions of European monarchies; but in my judg-
ment it has neither sense nor reason m it when ap-
plied to the Republic of the United States. There
is no such thing as centralization under our sys-
tem, so long as we recognize the supremacy of our
written Constitution. What loyal citizen does
not acknowledge it as the supreme law* The
whole fabric of American government rests upon
the people—the majority of the people organized
within their respective elective precincts, known
as States organized under and in suboidination to
the Federal Constitution. There is no such thing
as centralization in it; and it is simply a sugges-
tion that you cannot trust the power where by the
Constitution it is rightly lodged foi wise and just
purposes—m the majority of the whole people.
The people speak, and always must speak, under
our system of Government, through their Repre-
sentatives and their ballots; they cannot speak in
any other way. When by a constitutional law
