266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
in the Senate of the United States, where an ob-
jection has been made to a Senator being sworn
in, and it has been sustained until a coirimittee
reported, it has been where the question was one
of Jaw not requiring an investigation of facts. In
every instance that I have been able to find that
certainly is the case. Of course, there the report
could soon be made; butif you are to take collat-
eral facts as against unquestioned credentials,
where no question of law arises for the committee
to report upon, and send to the committee to in-
vestigate collateral facts befoie suffering the party
to take his seat, 1 say, independent of whether the
question went to qualification or not, or what was
the ground of qualification, I have known of no
case in which a Senator has been refused his seat
in the interim until that decision was made. The
distinction, in my mind, is very fair and very
obvious.
As I stated the other day, when objection was
made to Mr. Lanman's being sworn, the case was
one in which the Executive of the State undertook
to make an appointment to a full term, not in the
place of a member who had died leaving a broken
term, but to a full term, commencing on the 4ih
of Match. There was no doubt of the facts of
the caseand the sole question was whether such
an appointment was within the power of the Ex-
ecutive during the recess of the Legislature. The
Senate decided that it was not, and Mr. Lanman
was not sworn in. I also mentioned anothercase,
one of the eailicst to be found in your annals, of
a Senator in my own State, where the question
was also purely a question of law. The facts were
all unquestioned, admitted facts, which the Sen-
ate would judicially notice. The Senator applied
under a regular appointment from the Governor,
but the fact existed that the Legislature, after the
vacancy in the term occurred, met and adjourned
without filling it, and then the Governor under-
took to appoint. The Senate held that the party
was not entitled to his seat by law. There was
no dispute as to the facts, hut go over all the
eases, and, apart from the other objection I make
on the ground of the Constitution, no solitary in-
stance can be found where a seat has been refused
to a Senator pending an investigation into collat-
eral, outside facts, as-to whether thatscat ought to
be retained or not, which depended upon proof.
Under these circumstances it would make the case
still harder if Mr Stark's application were refused.
I submit the question to the Senate without
taking up any more time, because if the statement
of this proposition is not sufficient to convince
them of the view I take of the Constitution, I
know, of course, that it would be hopeless to carry
the argument further. To me it is as clear as the
sun at noon-day that it is trampling on the Con-
stitution to deny to a party, coining with creden-
tials unobjected to, from an authority having the
undoubted right to appoint, the right to be sworn
in, and to attempt to impose a qualification upon
him not required by the Constitution, and to un-
dertake, under the power given to you to decide
on the qualification of your own membeis, by a
majority to prevent his taking his seat, when it is
not a question of qualification, but is a question
of expulsion, which power resides m two thirds
of the body, for any cause that within their sense
of justice and right they deem sufficient for the
purpose of expulsion.
I move, therefore, to amend the motion of the
honorable Senator from Maine, by declaring that
Mr. Stark of Oregon be sworn in, and that the
papers presented by the honorable Senator from
Maine be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary for inquiry into the facts, and with author-
ity to make such report as they deem proper in
the premises.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have listened
to the argument of the Senator, who, when he
speaks on questions of law, always speaks ably;
and now if he will give to me the same attention
which I have given to him, I flatter myself that
he cannot differ from me in the conclusion at which
the Senate must arrive.
He begins by quoting the Constitution of the
United States, and I begin also by quoting it.
That Constitution says: "Each House shall be
the judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members.'5 If I understood the
argument of the Senator, it was that the question
of loyalty did not coter, under the Constitution
of the United States, inio the qualifications of a
Senator, and that therefore at this moment on this
threshold of the discussion the Senate was not in
condition to entertain the question of loyalty raised
with reference to the present applicant for a scat
in this body. To that I have two preciscanswers,
one of reason and one of precedent. The first
answer that I submit to the candor of the honor-
able Senator is one of reason.
The Senator says the Senate should not at this
time consider the loyalty of an applicant for an
office here, for the reason that under the Consti-
tution loyalty is not a qualification. Sir, why is
an applicantthat comes to this body to take a seat,
to go to your chair and take an oath to suppoit
the Constitution of the United States, if it is not
to cive the most open testimony before the coun-
try and before God of his loyalty to the Union
and the Constitution? And yet, sir, the Senator
tells us that, in the face of evidence now lying on
that table, leading us to doubt the loyalty of the
applicant, leadingus to doubt the very oath which
he is to tak?, we cannotgointo any consideration
of the question of loyalty; that in short the loy-
alty of a Senator under the Constitution of the
United States is no part of his qualifications. I
believe I do not do injustice to the argument of
the Senator, and I believe that I answer it on
grounds of reason completely.
And now, sir, I answer it in the second place on
grounds of precedent. The Senator has told us
the case is without a precedent. Sir, he has not
read the legislative history of the country. I have
before me the Annals of Congress for the Tenth
Congress, first session, where is considered the
case of Philip Barton Key, of Maryland, charged
with beingapensionerof the British Government,
and on account of it suspected of loyalty. It is
tiue that he had already been admitted to his seat,
but his seat was contested on other grounds; one
of those grounds was that he was not in point of
fact a citizen of Maryland, but a citizen of this
District. That question was in the hands of the
committee of the House. On it the committee
made a report. The question being under consid-
eration before the House, this incident occurred:
"Mi. Witherlll said lie had heard if leported fioni a
sotiri e which \v,i- cjiliUcd to eiedit, that Mr. Key, the sit-
ting menthei. eubei now wax, or had been, a Bntish pen-
sioner; this knowledge would bia.shis vote on the pte^ont
question."
You understand the question was one of his seat,
and not of expulsion.
" He conceived that an mquhy ought to he had in this
matter, as, were it true, it would be a disqualification."
This was in 18CW, not so very long after the
adoption of the Constitution.
" lie therefore moved that the committee should rise, for
the purpose of recommitting the leport.
" Mr. Kfy himself lose to aetond the motion of the g"n~
tleman from Vermont; it wa-, his wish that a charge in-
sinuated privately should be examined publicly. Ilehunxclf
had ncvei concealed the foibles or follies of hi* early lite ;
hut he had, over since he came into the councils of his
eomitiy, tehnqwMicd all claim to any imaginary rank,and
lo any piofil which he had denvedt una a loieign Govern-
ment.
"Messis. LUX*, and Smiuk supported the motion, for the
puipo^e of mvotigatinir the allegation.
'•Mi. C'AUDi-'MrK opposed it."
3Now comes Mr. Key again:
" Mr. Key *nld,as these abortions had brten made, it was
surely incumbent on the Hou^e to examine into tie* (acts
t<n, wee the allegation? true, it would he good giound on
which to vacate his seat. It w«is> ti tie that when a pei son was
onee deelaie;! entitled toa^eat, it requued two tlnid- of the
IIou«e to expel him ; but ho would never take shelter undor
this piove-ion. if a majority of the House thought he was
not entitled to his scat, he would not hold it for a moment;
hut he wished that the matter should he investigated imme-
diately, that the House might decide whether oi not hewn4?
entitled to his seat; for, the impiessious against him bcin"
lemovcd.thcy could without bia-s decide whether oi not he
wa^accoidingto the report of the committee, duly elected."
Mr. Bacon then took part in the debate, and 1
quote a few words from him:
" What was the state of the ea=-e now before the IJouve ?
The gentleman from Veimont states, in his place, that he
had been informed from a source which m his mind entitled
it to credit, that a fact existed in relation, to the gentleman
from Mai j J and who claunedaseat, which was not stated in
the report of the Committee of Elections, but which would
have a governing influence m determining the right of the
member to retain his seat. This fact was denied by the
latter, and an inquiry into the truth of it was solicited by
him. Certainly, tnen, the House could notdo justice either
to themselves or the sitting member, without giving an
opportunity for such inquiry; and lftheie was, a* had been
suggested, any departure from the customary course of pro-
ceeding in the mode proposed by the gentleman irom Ver-
mont, it was with the concent and desne of all the parties
concerned, and it was a well-known and correct maxim
that consent took away error; he was. therefore, in favor of
the motion now befoie the committee."
The next day
"The House le.solved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the leport of the Committee of Elections relative
to the election of Philip 13. Key. After some tune spent
therein the committee rose, and were refused leave to sit
again.
"Or<Jcmi,Thatthe Committee of the Whole be discharged
from furthei consideration, and that the said leport be re-
committed to the Committee of Elections, further to con-
sider and report thereon to the House."
You understand, sir, that the committee had
already made their first report with regard to what
the Senator from Delaware recognizes under the
Constitution as qualifications. At a later day they
made their second report, a supplementary one, on
the matter that had been produced subsequent to
the first. I read from the same volume, page 1679:
"Mr. Findley, from the Committee of Elections, to
whom was recommitted, on the &2d ultimo, their repoit in
the cassc of the election and leturn of Philip Key, to &eive
in this House one of the Reptespntatives foi the State
of Maryland, made an amendatory report thereupon ; which
was read, and referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on Monday next.11
! The committee proceed to set forth the facts
[ bearing on the pension of Mr. Key, showing that he
! had for a time been a pensioner of Great L.ritain,
j but that while he was a candidate for his seat he
j was not a pensioner; that he had ceased some-
j time before to draw his pension; and onthestate-
I mcnt of these facts the committee conclude as
j follows:
"The committee declare themselves to he of the opinion
! that nothing in the evidence laid before them, so far as re-
spects the suggestion of Mr. Key being a pensioner or half-
pay officer of the King of Great Britain, authorizes th<om to
alter the opinion, or the resolution submitted with their
former icport."
At a subsequent day, after a debate on the first
report,Mr. I\.ey was admitted to his seal; but the
case stands as a precedent precisely on this point,
that the House of Representatives did recognize
the question of loyalty as proper for considera-
tion with reference to the seat of a member, that
they did regard disloyalty as a disqualification,
and that under the language of the Constitution
giving to each House the power to judge of the
qualifications of its members, the two Houses
have a right to judge of their loyalty.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have listened
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
I confcss that I am entirely unconvinced by his
lemarks or his authority; it may be thatlam hard
to convince. So far from the authority establish-
ing what he supposes, 1 think it establishes di-
rectly the reverse. He very courteously charges
me with not having read the precedents of my
own country. I do not profess to be "a case
hunter" as it is called; but in applying myself to
questions of this kind I have had occasion in pre-
vious years to read, I believe, every case ever con-
tested m the Senate. I confess I have not quite
as much respect for the cases in the other House,
because they connect themselves with different
grounds, and the decision there is seldom as judi-
cial as in this body. But the cose cited on the
other side has no parity to that before you. The
House made no decision that the ground of loy-
alty was necessary to the qualification of the party.
They did not even decide what I think they might
have decided, and what we might decide here,
under our Constitution, that a man cannot hold
an office under the United States and at the same
time be a member of Congress. Jf he accepts the
office, he vacates the seat. A majouty can de-
cide that undoubtedly. It is a question of subse-
quent disqualification arising under the Constitu-
tion , though the party might have been oi iginally
entitled to his seat. So I can very well sec that,
within the terms of the Constitution, if a man was
a half-pay officer under Great Britain, that fact
would vacate his seat. There would be nothing
harsh or strange in such a construction of the Con-
stitution as a judicial decision under the clause in
question; but it is very evident that in the ease
cited by the Senator there were doubts about the
propriety of referring the matter at all, even for
inquiry, on the allegation made, and the ground
is not taken by any decision of the House that
loyalty is a qualification. On the contrary, the
argument was urged, as the case was read, that
consent takes away error, and therefore as the
gentleman who was impugned in that case, Mr.
Key, assented, and desired that the recommittal
should take place, the recommittal did take place,
and that is all. The Hou.se really decided noth-
ing. The loose language of debate proves noth-
