1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22M
roads; and for what purpose ? To erect colleges.
"What interest have we in that? I ask the Senate
to remember that no greater damage can be in-
flicted upon a State than to have its lands held in
large quantities by non-residents. I have trav-
eled days over the State now represented by the
Senators from Iowa without seeing a house, and
on asking the reason, the answer was that it was
because the land belonged to non-residents. You
propose to take every acre of land in Kansas
"worth holding—that will be the effect of your bill
—to throw it into the hands of non-residents.
I appreciate the fact that I am speaking to Sen-
ators every one of whom is to receive thirty thou-
sand acres of land for his constituents under this
bill. The Senate is to vote upon a bill when
every member of the body is directly interested
in hs passage. Under it each of you, for your
constituents, takes from my constituents thirty
thousand acres of land. The passage of the bill
is ruinous to the State I represent, and it is un-
just. Adopt my amendment; wait until we have
the opportunity of selecting our school lands at
least. It seems to me that you should exclude
Kansas from the operations of this bill until we
have selected our railroad lands. 1 hope that Sen-
ators may forget their interest, lay it aside, and
do justice to a State that it seems to me is entitled
to justice.
i heard some Senator the other day—I think it
was the Senator from tliinois, [Mr. Trumbull]—
say that he represented a State that had sent to
this war a larger proportion of her citizens than
any other State. I did not then correct it, although
I knew that statement was incorrect. While Illi-
nois has sent a'targe number of troops, and while
New York and Pennsylvania have sent large num-
bers of troops, they do not compare with Kansas
in the proportions to their population. Every
other voter of Kansas under forty-five years of
age is to-day, or has been during the present re-
bellion, in the Army of the Government. And
yet Senators rise here and say that they represent
States who sent a larger proportion of troops than
any other. Every other voter under forty-five
years of age in Kansas is or has been in the Army
of the United States during this rebellion; and
while they are thus fighting for their country, it
seems to me that they have some claims on the
justice of this Senate. I hope thatthcamendment
will be adopted.
Mr. WADE. I am the last man in the Senate
who would willingly do any injustice to the State
of Kansas. On the other hand, that State is rather
a pet of mine, and I should be willing to do as
generously by her as any State in the Union cer-
tainly. But [ cannot recognize the fact that any
State is entitled to the public lands that happen
to lie within its limits, belonging to the General
Government. I am willing now, and anxious,
that Kansas shall have the same proportion of
land gianted to her by the Federal Government
that every land State has had when it has come
into the Union. I do not wish to restiint her at
all; but I did not suppose that it was true that
Kansas had not had the usual donation of school
lands from the General Government. I believe
the Senator will find that he is mistaken about
that. In the act of admission 
- Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from j
Ohio is right, and I am right. By the passage of ]
the resolution of February, you allowed the school !
lands to be preempted. The section lying next j
to Lawrence, that all the Senate has heard some- j
thing about, where Mr. Jenkins and myself had !
the difficulty, is a school section, worth, perhaps, j
£,100 per acre. Atchison, the town of my col- :
league, is upon a school section. The valuable j
scliool sections are taken up, preempted, and the !
Governmentof the United States has received the j
pay for them. We have not as yet selected school j
lands in place of those that have thus been pre- |
empted, and it will requite congiesMona! action to ;
enable us to do it; and before such congressional
action you come in and take all the valuable land j
we have. i
Mr. WA DE. Mr. President, that is a subject :
with which,ofcourse,lam not familiar. I thought |
I was right that the General Government donated i
to Kansas section sixteen for school purposes, as j
it has to every other new State on its admission. ;
Air. LANK, of Kansas. And the thirty-sixth
scction, also.
Mr. WADE. Yes; I believe the same quan-
tity in all that has been dealt out to every other
State.
Mr. GRIMES. More.
Mr. WADE. It may be more, but not less.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that Kansas
received two sections in each township for school
purposes?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. That is one section more than
has been granted to any other western State that
I know of; certainly one more than to Iowa.
Mr. WILKINSON. Minnesotahadtwo. That
was the first.
Mr. HARLAN. Minnesota, Kansas, Califor-
nia, and Oregon, are each entitled to the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections. The other land States
only have the sixteenth section in each township
for school purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that is pretty liberal.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate by speaking on this subject, because the gen-
eral principles of this bill have been discussed so
frequently, and are so well understood I believe
by every member of the Senate, that i am sure 1
cannot throw any light upon it. The objects of
this bill are most laudable and meet the approba-
tion generally of the members of the Senate. This
bill or one precisely like it, has passed this body
heretofore by a very large majority and passed the
other House also; it has been before the people and
before Congress for a long time. It was vetoed by
Mr. Buchanan and we could not pass it over his
veto by two thirds, but I believe it was pretty
generally approved. I shall therefore not detain
the Senate by expatiating upon the provisions and
objects of the bill. But whether Kansas is in
such a condition that the public lands there should
not be taken for this purpose, as well as in the
Territories or any other land State, I do not know.
I am not now prepared to pass upon those ques-
tions that are raised. I do not know whether the
lands that were donated to that State have been
taken for other purposes, so that this bill would
rob her of the title to those lands that were in-
tended to be given. I am not informed upon that
subject. That she has had granted to her as
much, or as it now appears more, than almost
all the new States, seems to be admitted; and
much as I am in favor of being exceedingly lib-
eral to the new land States, I cannot recognize
that they have a right to all the public lands that
lie within their limits. I think the General Gov-
ernment has a right to take all those lands where
ever they may lie, and appropriate them to such
purposesasin the judgment of Congress is thought
best, and 1 do not think the State has any right
to complain of that.
The Senator says it leads to a land monopoly.
I cannot see that it does any rnoie than the sale
of the lands by the Government. The Govern-
ment sells lands to individuals in any quantity
without restriction, and that may lead to a mo-
nopoly just as much ns this. I hardly think that
this bill would have that effect. I do not believe
we ought to restrict the grant of tins land barely
to the Territories not yet in the Union as States,
for when these Ten itories come in as States they
will ask and expect the same liberality in grants
of land that all the other new States have had, and
if we should restrict the operation of this bill to
the Ten itories it would be only robbing those
Territories prospectively of the donation of lands
we have ordinarily made to new States. I do not
think the scope of the bill will have the effect to
deprive any State or Territory of that grant of
lands which we have usually made for these pur-
poses. But, sir, I leave it to the Senate; I do not I
wish to debate the subject; 1 want a vote, it I can j
get it. |
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of this bill, ;
Mr. President, and I am also m favor of the
amendment of my colleague. I leel the force of ;
the sentiment which pievails in the old States, j
that they have been liberal to the new States.
The public lands ai e the property of all the States, j
and for a number of years past the old States— j
the original States as well as the early new States [
that have now become old—have been liberal in j
granting lands to the western States They have :
just voted almost unanimously for the homestead J
bill, putting the lands out of their own reach for- j
ever; and i appreciate the sentiment which exists ,
in the old States that they are and have been thus ,
liberal, It was on that account that I thought as !
we were now performing our last act towards dis-,
posing of the public lands on this continent, it was
due to the old States, as they are now giving up
their entire interest in the public domain, that
they should have at least thirty thousand acres
for each of their Senators and Representatives in.
Congress. That, to my mind, is no more inter-
est than the old States should have, to be devoted
for agricultural educational purposes in those
States; and I do not think it takes away from the
public lands, when thus divided among the States,
so materially as to impoverish the new States,
either those already in the Union or those about
to come in, because our Territories are immense.
Thirty thousand acres taken here in Washington
seems a large tract; taken anywhere in New Eng-
land it seems a large tract; taken in Rhode Island
it would seem almost to cover the whole State;
but thirty thousand acres on the immense prairies
of the West is only a drop in the bucket.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the Senator
that New York, under this bill, would get one
million one hundred and ten thousand acres.
Air. POMEROY. No; nine hundred and sixty
thousand acres would be due to New York if she
had thirty-two members.
Mr. WILKINSON. She has thirty-five Rep-
resentatives and two Senators.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, about one million ot
acres would he the share of New York. There
are about fifteen millions of acres of the public
lands already surveyed, but not settled upon, ac-
cording to the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. The public domain is im-
mense.
The reason why the amendment of my col-
league should prevail, arises from the fact that
these lands in the States arc very limited. In
Nebraska, for instance, a Territory that has been
organized as long as our State, organized under
the same bill, they have about four times the area
of our State as it is now cut down. Our territo-
rial limitsextended into theTerritory of Colorado,
embraced Denver City, and up to the top of the
Rocky mountains; but as a State, we only go out
to the one hundred and second degree of longi-
tude. We gave back, if that term is applicable—
I do not know that we had anything to give; the
Senator from Ohio thinks we had not anything to
give—but we apparently cut down our territorial
limits, and gave back to the Government one half
of our domain, so as to have a State more com-
pact in form,betterproportioned,and embracing,
perhaps, the more fertile portion of the Territory.
There are, I think, some reasons why the op-
erations of this bill should be excluded from our
State. In the first place, we have cut down the
State to a small area, as 1 have stated. In the sec-
ond place, the usual amount of lands has not been
received in our State. It is true we had, as Min-
nesota had, a liberal donation of school lands,two
sections in every township; but the surveys were
delayed; our men settled on the public lands be-
fore the surveys; they settled on the greatest por-
tion of the eastern part of the State before any
survey was had by the General Government, and
under the law of Congress they hold the lands.
Although it appears on the rccoid that two sec-
tions in every township are quite an amount, yet
when, by an act of Congress, wc do not get one
section nor a quarter section nor a foot, it is prac-
tically to these townships the same as though no
lands had been given them. Under the law of
Congress, the parties settling on these lands hold
them, and the townships have not got them.
The next item in the argument is in relation to
the, lands that were granted to our State under
what is called the English bill, in which bill we
had an enabling act by which we formed our
Constitution. That bill gave us an immense tract
of land, enough to secure to the State her inter-
nal improvements, enough to build her railroads,
her public buildings, enough to build humane
and benevolent institutions. Although that bill
furnished us an enabling act to form our consti-
tution, we had none of the benefits of the bill be-
cause we did not comply with its provisions any
further than to form a new constitution. Con-
gress, I know, has always signified an intention
to do liberally by Kansas, but wc have never
been able lo avail ourselves of the acts of Con-
gr< ss. The English bill was the most liberal grant
1 ever knew offered toaStutc. The only drawback
upon it was that to take the bill we nad to take
