1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
presidents and occupying other high and respons- !
lble financial positions, who do not receive any- j
thing like that large salary. The collector of cus- I
torns of the port where I reside does not usually i
receive more than §2,000 a year, the limit bein^ |
$3,000. The postmaster and all of the other offi- |
cers receive not higher salaries. That State, sir,
has to contribute very largely toward furnishing
the amount of tax to be raised by this bill. They
are a manufacturing people, and in my district
there are many establishments that will pay, under
thishill,thousandsof dollars weeklyand monthly.
It seems to me that this provision allowing ten
cents a mile to these collectors as mileage, ought
to be stricken out. I think that such an uncer-
tain mode of compensation ought not to be enter- j
tained by this House, and I hope that the amend- j
mentofthegentlemanfromKentucky will prevail, i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no doubt
that it is the intention of the committee to strike
put this mileage provision, and 1 therefore with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HARDING. I move to reduce the mileage
to one cent. I desire to call the attention of the
House to the danger of providing compensation
for these collectors in this way. It would be too
great a temptation to dishonesty. A better illus-
tration of the abuses to which this mileage system
is subject could not be given than that which was
cited by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] There has been an abuse of it when ap-
plied to this honorable and distinguished body.
It has not been thought consistent with the inter-
ests of the national Treasury to permit members
of Congress to fix the amount of mileage which
they are entitled to, and, as a check, the mileage
accounts of members of Congress are compelled
to be considered and passed upon by the Commit-
tee on Mileage. If, then, the members of this
House cannot be intrusted to say what mileage
they shall receive, is it not a dangerous tempta-
tion which ought still less to be presented to these
collectors? There will be, under the bill, as it now
stands, no check upon these collcctors at all in re-
gard to their allowances for mileage. In the na-
ture of the case there can be no check upon them.
I object to this mode of compensation. If they
do not receivc pay enough by their four percent.,
then make it larger, but make it certain. There
is not a collector in Kentucky who is allowed
mileage. There is no compensation of that kind
provided in any State that I can remember. The
thing in itself is monstrous. It just permits the
collecting officer to make out his own charge, and
whether more or less, it cannot be inquired into.
And then, on the very face of it, there isnota case
in which the collector will not report, however
honest ho may be, that lie has traveled at least fif-
teen miles from his residence. This will entitle
him to three dollars a day. But in most cases he
will gctfive or ten dollars a day for travel. 1 with-
draw my amendment.
The amendment to strike out the mileage was
agreed to.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to insert after the
words u eight thousand dollars" the words i% per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to strike out " $8,000,"
and insert in lieu thereof " $4,000." In reference
to this amendment, I will state that in the State
of Ohio wc have not a single officer who receives
more than $2,500 per annum, and among these
are judges of the supreme court, men of the high-
est capacity and qualifications, who have to hold
their sessions at the capital one half of the year,
and to travel the State almost the entire remainder
of the year.
Mr. SARGENT. 3Ias the gentleman taken
into consideration the fact that the collector has to
pav all his deputies out of this $8,000?
Mr. NOBLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT, ilow much will be left, to
him after that?
Mr. NOBLE. The districts will be made so
small as not to requite many deputies.
I say that the highest officer of the State of Ohio
gets only §2,500 a year. A man at a salary of
$4,000 can keep at least two clerks, and that will
be sufficient to do all the business. The tieasurer
of State of the State of Ohio §ets a salary of only
$1,500, and he is compelled by law to give a bond
for §250,000. I am in favor, therefore, of limiting
this amount to a sum below $8,000.
It is also suggested to me that the treasurer of
State of the State of Ohio handles more than three
millions of dollars annually. My recollection upon
that subjcct is that the amount is much more
than that, as the tax of the whole State of Ohio
amounts to something like eleven millions of dol-
lars annually.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There appears
to be a little misapprehension in the minds of mem-
i bers of the committee in regard to these officers,
i the collectors. By this bill they are required to
! give bond for the faithful performance of their du-
I ties, and the payment of ail duties and taxes col-
j lected by them. Now, unquestionably, in some
1 of the districts several millions of dollars will be
collected by each collector. It is important that
they should be responsible persons—persons who
can give this amount of security.
Then, again, it will be utterly impossible for
one man to discharge the entire duties of his dis-
trict. He will necessarily be compelled to em-
ploy a considerable number of persons in order
to collect the tax—in the country districts, prob-
ably a man in every town.
Then, under the bill, he is compelled to com-
pensate those men, and it cannot be possible to do
it under the limitation suggested by the gentle-
man from Ohio. In my judgment, the compen-
sation of the collectors, as fixed in this bill, is
already too small. My only fear about it is. that
the bill may be rendered ineffectual in consequence
of the smallness of the sum fixed for compensa-
tion.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
At end of section thirty-six, add :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized to fix such additional rates of com-
pensation to be made to the collector and assistant col-
lector in thti States of California and Oiegon, and the Ter-
ntoues of Washington, Nevada, New Mexico, Colorado,
and Arizona, as may appear to him to be jUftand leasonable
in consequence of the greater co^t ot living and traveling
in said States and Territories, and as may, in hi& judgment,
be necessary to secure the services of competent and effi-
cient men.
I suppose no remarks are necessary in favor of
this amendment. The same reasons precisely
prevail in favor of the adoption of this amend-
ment that did in regard to the compensation of
the assessors. It will bo impossible to collect this
money in any of the States and Territories men-
tioned under the compensation fixed by this bill.
My only object in moving this amendment is that
we. may provide for the efficient collection of these
taxes in those States and Territories.
Mr. SARGENT. It appears to me that a ver-
bal amendment is necessary in the gentleman's
amendment. It provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall fix the compensation of the col-
lectors and deputy collectors. I believe the dep-
uty collectors are paid by the collcctors.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I had overlooked
that fact.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " deputy collect-
ors." In the discussion yesterday upon an amend-
ment kindred to this some question arose as to the
amount of taxes which California would be likely
to pay in under this tax, and if I did not misunder-
stand the chairman of the Committee of Way sand
Means, he stated that there would be no loss to
the country, if, instead of having bad men, by in-
adequate compensation, to collect the taxes, wc
had none at all; that is, if I understood him, that
he expected to collect no revenue from us in either
case. He did not inform us whether our poverty
or meanness would cause this.
But,as I said yesterday,! repeat, we intend to
| do our duty, and I want to call the attention of
i that gentleman and the gentleman from Rhode
i Island, [Mr. Sheffield,] who seemed to think
j the increased compensation would swallow up the
I revenue, to some of the subjects of taxation which
we have in California. We have there large man-
i ufactories of iion foundenes, capable of forging
' heavy steamboat shafts and quartz machinery,
manufactories of wool, tobacco, wine, hats, gold,
gas, and flour. A stamp tax on advertisements
, will draw from us a largo revenue, for we have
'■ many papers, with large advertising patronage,
l We have certificates of stock, conveyances, tele-
graphic dispatches, express companies, insur-
ances, notarial acts, passage tickets, medicines, le-
gacies, salaries, carriages, watches, billiard tables,
slaughtered cattle. We have bankers andauction-
eers, wholesale and retail dealers in liquors. Yes,
sir, 1 am sorry to say, that retail liquor shops
are set as thickly over our State as stars in the
milky way. We have stationers, pawnbrokers,
rectifiers, and brewers. Lager beer is manufac-
tured by the thousand gallons. We have hotels
and eating-houses, brokers and commercial bro-
kers named in this bill, tobacconists, and theaters.
Why, sir, "stars" of all magnitudes tread our
boards, and the people of Shasta or Nevada are
as familiar with Munlock or Madame Bishop, Bis-
caccianti or Booth, as the denizens of New York.
Wc have circuses and bowlingalleys, confection-
ers, horse dealers, peddlers, apothecaries, and
photographers. We have nearly every form of
business, every article of property taxed under this
bill. I believe we have discovered no coal oil yet in
our State; but upon acursory examination of this
bill, I do not discover, with that exception, an-
other item which does riotapply to and upon which
taxes would not be collected in the State of Cali-
fornia. If the taxation under this bill will produce
$120,000,000, as estimated by the able gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] I have no doubt
that $3,000,000 of that will be paid by the State of
California. In the San Francisco district alone,
I estimate that the tax will amount to $1,500,000.
I assure gentlemen that we do not wish to be ex-
cepted from the operation of this bill; but I think
that if anybody is to be appointed in California to
collect that tax, the compensation should be such
as to secure the services of able and efficient men.
And aftei you allow them an increased percentage
for assessing and collecting the taxes in that State,
the expenses of collecting will not exceed six and
two thirds per cent., and under the law of 1861,
at the extra session, as I remarked a while ago,
Congress was glad to give the States fifteen per
cent, for making the collection.
I make these remarks in justice to my own
State, and to show that while we ask for increased
compensation, we do not do it for the purpose of
feathering the nests of our collectors, butin order
to make the bill moie efficient and the collection
of the money more certain. If the views of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
are correct, that no revenue will be collected from
California in any case, ho had better amend so as
to except that State. But if he pretends to collect,
let him not try to do it under a system moddled
for this side of the Rocky mountains, and which
will fail in the other.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I accept the
modification.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. There was some reason for the
amendment which was adopted the other day m
relation to assessors, for that was a per diem
compensation; but here, where it is a mere per-
centage for collection, I do not think that the
amendment would be proper. If it is adopted I
shall have to move an amendment that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall pay so much less than
the percentage provided for here in the State of
Maine, and in portions of New'York, as he shall
deem proper, because there they can get the work
done for half the amount. We must have some-
thing like a umfoiin system, and though I am sat-
isfied with the amendment in relation to assessors,
I think it would be a wrong principle to apply it
to collectors.
Mr. SARGENT. I move pro forma to strike
out the last word. It seems to me that the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is some-
thing like that famous character we read of in
fable, who used a Procrustean bed, and cut off the
legs of some and stretched out others, m order to
make them fit the measure of the bed. Now,
it is well known to him, and to every member of
this committee, that you cannot have uniformity
of compensation for the public officers in the dif-
ferent States of the Union. You can get on very
well on this side of the Rocky mountains; but
the moment you go upon the other side of them
you find an entirely different state of things ex-
isting. You find that if you pay men there at the
same rate that you do m Maine, they would starve
there, and could not afford to attend to the public
business. I call the attention of the committee to
the fact, that in the county of San Francisco it
