3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
hereafter occurring in the corjDS of engineers shall
- be filled only by graduates of the Military Acad-
emy who have been recommended thereto by the
academic board.
The second section provides that, during the
present war, alt officers of the corps of engineers
who have served two years, shall have the rank,
1 pay, and emoluments of captain; those who have
served five years, the rank, pay, and emoluments
of major; those who have served ten y^ars, the
rank,pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonel;
those who have served twenty years, the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonel.
The third scetion provides that there be added
to the subsistence department of the Army, by
regular promotion therein, one brigadier general,
who shall be Commissary General of Subsistence,
one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and two ma-
jors—the colonels and lieutenant colonels to be
assistants commissary general of subsistence—
and that vacancies in the above mentioned grades
shall be filled by regular promotion in said depart-
ment.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Military A/fairs was to strike out the
following section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, during the pres-
ent war, all oflicers of the corps of engineers who have
served two years, shall have the tank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captain; those who have served five years, the
rank, pay, and emoluments of major; those who have served
ten years, the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonel; those who have served twenty years,the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonel.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
new section:
Anil be it further cnacte-l, That there shall be added to the
ordnance department, two lieutenant colonels, four ma-
jors, eight captains, eight first I icutenants, and eight second
lieutenants; the additional officers herein authorized tobe
appointed by promotion as far ai the present officers in
the ordnance coips will admit, and the rest to be appointed
by transfers from other corps of the Army, of such gradu-
ates of the Militaiy Academy as may be recommended by
the academic staff for thatcorps,and that there be allowed
in the office of the chief of ordnance two additional clerks
of class four.
Mr. IiOLMAN\ I desire to know first, what
number of officers will be allowed to the ordnance
corps, and second, what increase that will be on
the number allowed during the Mexican war?
Mr. DUNN. In reply,! ask to have read the
following letters from the Secretary of War and
the chict of the Ordnance Bureau.
The letters were read, as follows:
WAII DEPARTMENT,
Washino ton City, I/. 0'., June CK), 1862.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit a communication from
Brigadier Otmeiai Kiplcy, chief of the Bureau of Oidnancc,
culling " attention to the necessity of an increase ot ihe
number of officers of the ordnance department,and lee-
ommendmg that application be made to Congress ibi the
piopor legislation to carry it into elieet.
Coneutt'ing in the views of the chief of ordnance, as
expressed iti his letter, I commend them to the favorable
consideration of the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House of Representatives.
I have the honor to bo, veiv respectfully, your obedient
(servant, EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
lion. F. P. Blair, jr., Chairman Committee on Military
Jljj'airs, House of haprescntutives.
Ordnance Omci:, War Department,
Washington, June 23,1862.
Sin: rermlttne to call your attention to the necessity of
nn increase of the number of oflicers of the ordnance de-
partment. That necessity an&es from the insufficiency of
the present authorized number tor the proper discharge of
the many duties ot the department; and an increase is 1m-
pmafevely demanded by the interests ot the pubhcseivice.
I have been compelled on many occasions, by the want of
a sufficient number of ordnance officers, to report my ina-
bility to comply with applications for the services of such
officers with troops in the field; although recognizing the
propriety and importance of such assignments, which 1
would have made to a greater extent had it been possible
without neglecting more essential and urgent demands for
their services elsewhere. The duties at the arsenals, and
the inspection duties under contracts, have been so much
increased as to require an additional number of officers for
the pioper and efficient,discharge of these duties, which
cannot be omitted or delayed without serious injury to the
public Interests, as well as of those who are employed to
lurmsh supplies. The fortifications defending the ap-
pioaehes to the principal cities and harborsmusthavutheir
auriament placed as soon as possible in an efficient condi-
tion, and tile services of ordnance officers for that purpose
arc necessary in different districts along the entire coast.
Taking into consideration these indispensable duties, the
increase to meet the wants of the service will requiie the
addition of thirty officers, making the aggregate of the corps
seventy-five, instead of forty-five as at present. The or-
ganization oh that aggregate should be &o arranged as to add
to the ordnance department two lieutenant colonels, four
majors, eight captains, eight first and eight second lieuten-
ants.
I therefore respectfully suggest and recommend to your
favorable consideration this, addition to the aggregate
strength of the ordnance department, and request that ap-
plication may be made to Congress for the proper legislation
to carry it into effect. The slow promotion in the corps in-
dicates the propriety of a provision that these additions shall
be made by regular promotion, as far as the present number
of officers will admit, and the residue by transfers of gradu-
ates of the Military Academy belonging to other corps or
regiments of the Army, at the discretion of the Secretary
of War.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES W. RIPLEY,
Brigadier General, Chief of Ordnance.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, this bill was re-
ported on the 24th of last month, and at that time
I had read and inserted in the Globe a communi-
cation from committees of the engineer and topo-
graphical corps, recommending the consolidation
of these corps, and also a communication from
General McClellan on the same subject. At that
time I also had read and published in the Globe
a communication from the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department recommending the adoption of
the section now reported relating to his depart-
ment, and the House hasjustheard read the com-
munications in relation to the ordnance corps.
The committee recommended the striking out of
the second section of the original bill, in accord-
ance with what is understood to be the views of
the Military Committee of the Senate; and as the
bill is now before this House for its action, I be-
lieve it is approved by the Military Committee of
the Senate as well as of the House.
For one, I have not felt at liberty to disregard
the recommendations of the several sections of this
bill, approved as they are by the officers in the
Army who know the wants of the service and the
legislation necessary to give greater efficiency to
their respective corps. We know that since the
commencement of this rebellion the duties of all
branches of the service have been vastly increased,
and are daily increasing. It is but justice to the
officers who have been faithfully and laboriously
engaged in these departments that they should
have proper promotion, such promotion as they
woulu likely have reached had they been on field
duty. The increased duties require increased
force in these several departments. I would have
been glad to have avoided the expense of such in-
crease if it would have been indeed economical
to leave these departments without some greater
force.
Hut, sir, the efficiency of the Army in the field
depends upon the dispatch of business in these
departments. The business of supplying our ar-
mies with subsistence, clothing, arms, ammuni-
tion, and transportation, has to be transacted in
these departments, and it is of the utmost import-
ance that such business should be transacted care-
fully, as well as with dispatch. We all know
what a constant pressure there is upon the ord-
nance department for the examination of new in-
ventions of guns, cannon, and projectiles. The
inventive genius of the country seems to be turned
with great energy and success to improvements
in this respect. Some of these inventions are no
doubt of great value, and ought to be promptly
examined and adopted if found useful. Yet so
great is the ordinary business of that department
that it is found almost impossible to detail officers
to constitute a board to make such examinations
and report on their value.
MESSAGE i'UOM TIIU SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informingthe House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30tb of June, 1862.
ADDITIONAL FORCE IN THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. OLIN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I will submit one or two re-
marks upon the subject of this bill. All the pro-
visions of this bill have been respectively approved
by the commanding general of the army of the
Potomac, by the various heads of bureaus to which
they relate, and by the Secretary of War.
I wish to call the attention of the House for a
moment to the condition of the ordnance depart-
ment. There were in 1831, thirty-seven commis-
sioned officers in the ordnance department, and
the whole number of enlisted men employed by
that department was three hundred and nineteen.
The amount of money expended by the Govern-
ment for that department in that year was a little
over $800,000. At that period the aggregate num-
ber of men in the Army was about seven thou-
sand men. During the Mexican war the number
of commissioned officers in the employ of that de-
partment was fifty-one; the expenditure of money
by it was about two million eight hundred and
thirty-four thousand dollars; and the total force
of the Army about sixty-four thousand men. That
was the whole amount during the Mexican war.
There are now fifty-five commissioned officers
in the ordnance department, four more than there
were in 1847. The aggregate number of employes
and enlisted men is seveti thousand and ninety-
eight; the expenditure of money by that depart-
ment for the last year has been upwards of forty
million dollars, and the whole Army reaches about
five hundred thousand men.
This bill proposes to promote some of the men
who are now in that department, and to add some-
what to the number. And having in my labors
in connection with the Military Committee of this
House been brought somewhat in contact with that
department in the last two years, and more par-
ticularly within the last year, I wish to say one
word to the House upon that subject.
There are certain men there who have held the
position of captain for more than twenty years,
who were originally brought into the department
because of their superior ability evinced in the
Military School, who still continue to hold the
position of captain in the regular Army, who still
hold the rank of captain although men far inferior
in point of ability and in service have been raised
to the rank of major and brigadier general in the
service. They would gladly have thrown up their
commissions or gone into active service, but for
the fact that the country could not dispense with
their services here.
I know of one man, a resident of the State of
Virginia, whose every living relative has gone off
with that State, who has given his entire devotion
and his services to the cause of our common coun-
try, and he holds the rank, I believe, of a brevet
major in the service.
1 know another individual in that department,
who, if he had been employed by any other Gov-
ernment than ours, would have received every
honor thatitwaspossibleforaGovernment to be-
stow upon him for his distinguished services, and
I suppose I may name him. I refer to Captain
Rodman, a man now certainly approaching fifty
years of age, and yet still a captain in the ord-
nance department. I say that any other civilized
nation than ours would have conferred upon him
such distinguished consideration as is conferred for
eminent ability and distinguished discoveriesin his
department.
I could name another, now holding the rank of
captain, who has, within a short period of time,
disbursed more than four million dollars in the
manufacture and procurement of ordnance sup-
plies, who has rendered and settled his accounts
in every respect, I believe, exactly accurate, ex-
cept in regard to one pistol which was lost some-
where and another found of a different dp"cription.
Now, the House ought to know, t j the coun-
try ought to know, that these men thus employed
have had an amount of labor thrown upon them
that the same number of men in no other branch
of the Government have performed in the last
twelve months, working daily and nightly, know-
ing no Sabbaths, no intermission, ar.d no rest.
Those fifty-one men in all have thus far performed
all the services that have been demanded of them
by an emergency of rushing into the field an army
—not of twelve or fifteen thousand, but an army
of more than half a million men. They have pro-
vided for supplying them not with material on
hand, but with material they have had to create.
Now, I hope this, measure will be passed. It
is one of as much pressing necessity as any that
has been before the House; and it certainly must
be passed, or the greatest possible inconvenience
will be occasioned to the service, and detriment
sustained by the country.
Mr. DUNN. There may be an impression in
this House that the officers of these several corps
