268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
you what Mr. Corwm said, and I think he said it
very well, as well as Lord Chatham. He said;
"But the Senator from Michigan says we will be two
hundred millions in a few y««M, and we want room If I
were a Mexican I would tell you, ' Have you not room
in your own country to bury your dead men ? If you come
into mine, we will greet you with bloody hands, and wel-
come you to hospitable graves.' "—Jipyciulix Congressional
Globe, Twenty-Ninth Congress, p, 217.
That is the sentiment, sir; and if there is any-
body to find fault with it, I am here to find fault
with him. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have not
read the papers questioning the loyalty of the gen-
tleman who presents himself heie as a Senator
from the State of Oregon, and, for the purposes
of the discussion of the question now before the
Senate, I am glad I have not read them, because
I do not wish to be misled from the point by any
collateral issue arising; out of facts.
The Senator from Delaware takes the broad
ground that in no case where a person presents
himself here with credentials regular upon their
face, can the Senate refuse to admit him to be
sworn as a member of the body; and he goes so
far as to say that if he were a convicted felon, still
he must be sworn in as a member of the body.
If then in any conceivable case it were possible
that, a mail couid he so degraded or so disloyal
that he ought not to be admitted to a seat here,if
he were a negro even with credentials, on the
principle laid down by the Senatorfrom Delaware,
he should be sworn in as a member of this body.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; not on my principle.
He must be a citizen of the United States to be
sworn in as a member of this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a matter of fact.
I suppose you will inquire into that. Will you
determine that by inspection?
Mr. BAYARD. That is a matter of qualifica-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ah! then you will decide,
will you? You will look beyond the credentials
to find out whether he is a black man. That is
the very point to which I wish to bring the Sen-
ator from Delaware. Well, sir, suppose Jeff
Davis is commissioned by the Governor of Mis-
sissippi to-day as a Senator. The Senator from
Delaware will swear him in as a member, and go
into an investigation whether he will expel him
afterwards; and Beauregard and Johnson and all
the confederate traitors now in arms against the
Government, and ready to blow up the Capitol of
the country—yes, sir, a spy sent here to blow up
the building in which you sit, and you knew it,
and bringing credentials from a traitor who is act-
ing as Governor of Mississippi—is to be admitted
to a seat here to set fire to the powder that is to
blow up the Capitol! Such a monstrous doctrine,
it seems to mc, was never advocated in any delib-
erative body. Have we no power to protect our-
selves; no power to preserve the Government ?
Why, sir, under this doctrine traitor Governors
may send a third of the members of this body
here, and how will you expel them then? The
Senator from Delaware, on his own principle, will
vote to-day, if the Governor of Louisiana gives a
commission to BcauregTud, to admit him here as
a fellow-Senator, or Davis. He says he will not
vote to admit a negro. He will look beyond the
credentials for that purpose.
But, sir, it is insisted there are no precedents;
and I am sorry that my friend from Vermont will
concede it. No precedents for what? No prece-
dents for referring the credentials of persons claim-
ing to be Senators before they are sworn in? There
are such precedents.
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly there are
such.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then what do you mean
by saying there are no precedents?
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean precedents where
the objection to the man was in relation to his
loyalty as a citizen. There is no such case where
that has been refused or allowed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, that is very
much like asking for a precedent m a court of jus-
tice where the names of the parties are not the
same. Because the authority which you intro-
duce in court shows a case between John Smith
and Thomas Jones, and the case you are trying
is between William Smith and George Jones, al-
though the principles of the cases are precisely
alike, it is not a precedent; the names are not the
same!
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think the gentle-
man really desires to do the injustice he is doing
to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will endeavor to show
that there is a precedent for referring the creden-
tials of men claiming to be Senators, without
swearing them in, and that is the point. The
point is not upon the ground 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont will have an opportunity in a moment. I
will not misrepresent him. The question made
by the Senator from Delaware is, that no matter
what your giounds are, if the credentials are lair
on their face, the party is entitled to be sworn in.
Mr. COLLAMER. He did not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that to be
the position assumed by the Senator from Dela-
ware: if the credentials are fair upon their face,
the party is entitled to be sworn in, unless it ap-
pears that the credentials do not come from a per-
son having power to make the appointment; that
you cannot inquire into any extraneous fact. That
is the position i understand the Senator from Del-
aware to assume.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the ground he
takes. That is the very case of Johns.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very case of Johns I
have before me, and there the credentials are from
the Governor of the State of Delaware at a very
early day. I will read them to the Senate, that
the Senate may see that the credentials are perfect,
and that it was necessary to inquire into extrane-
ous facts in order to exclude Johns from his seat
in the Senate.
In the name of the State of Delaware—Joshua Clayton,
Governor of the paid State—to all to wnom the&e ptcs-
ents shall come, gieeiing:
Whereas George Jlead, Esq., one of the Senators of the
said State of JMawarc, in the Senate of the United States
of America, did, on the 18th day of September l.ut, re-sign
the said office or place of Senator, whereby a vacancy hath
happened in the representation ot this State in the said
Senate: Now know ye, that I, the said Joshua Clayton,
Governor of the said Stat<', by virtue of the powers vested
ni me by the third section of the tlrtt article of the Consti-
tution of the United Suite*, have, and by these presents
(In, in order to Mipply the vacancy aforesaid, nominate and
appoint Kerrey John-., of the county of Newcastle, Inquire,
a Senator to ropicsent tin-. State in the Senate of the United
Slates; hereby vermis? the sntd Kensey Johns with all and
singular the poweis and authentic* to the said otfiee or
place of Senator belonging; to hold the same, and to exer-
cise and discharge the duties thereof, until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature of the said State of Delaware.
In te&muony whereof, 1, the said Joshua Clayton, Gov-
ernor of the said State, have hereunto set my
r ■] band, and caused the great seal of the *aid State to
t ' ' "J be hereunto affixed, at Newcastle, the 19th day of
March, in the year of our Lout 1794, and of the
independence of the United States the eighteenth.
By the Governor:
JAMES fiOOTII, Secretary.
Now, sir, there are credentials fair on their face.
Kensey Johns presented himself here and asked
to be admitted to a seat; and when his credentials
were presented and read, prima facie, he had a
right to be sworn, one would suppose; buta mo-
tion was made that these credentials be referred
to a committee before Kensey Johns should be
sworn. They were so icforrcd. That committee
subsequently reported that he was not entitled to
a seat; and he was refused a scat. On what
ground ? On the ground, it is true, that the Gov-
ernor of the State of Delaware had no right to
make the appointment, because in the mean time
the Legislature had assembled in that State and
should have elected, but did the Senate know that?
That was an extraneous fact; that was not a fact
apparent on the face of the credentials. That was
a fact to be inquired into. Prima facie the cre-
dentials were good. That was a fact which the
committee were to investigate; and it meets the
precise case put by the Senator from Delaware.
At a later day, in the case of Hon. Ambrose H.
Sevier, whose credentials were read on the 27th
of February, 1837, and who appeared for the pur-
pose of being qualified, on motion of Mr. King,
of Alabama, it was
" Ordered, That the further consideration of the same be
postponed to Monday next/'
The subject was postponed from time to time.
The committee made a report in reference to the
case, and he was admitted to a seat on the 8th of
March following by a vote of 26 to 19, and there-
upon the prescribed oath was administered to him,
and he took his seat in the Senate. There was a
case where the credentials were referred, where
the Senate refused to allow Mr. Sevier to be sworn
as a member of the body, but after consideration
by a committee, and a report from the committee,
the Senate decided by yeas and nays, not only
that the credentials were good, but that Mr. Se-
vier was entitled to his seat. Thus it will be seen
that the cases are not without precedent where the
credentials presented by a person claiming to be
a Senator were referred to a committee before the
oath was administered to him; and that is the
point here. It matters not what the reasons may
have been. We are hunting for an authority or
a precedent for refusing to admit this person to be
sworn in until his case is considered; and here I
present you the cases.
" But the reasons are not the same as in this
case." Well, who cares whether the reasons are
the same or different? There is a precedent; yes,
sir, there is precedent after precedent where par-
ties have claimed seats and been refused admis-
sion to them until their cases have been investi-
gated ; and, sir, I think it would be the better rule
if it were always so. It has always seemed to me
that there was a very great impropriety in allow-
ing a person claiming to be a member of a legisla-
tive body to be first sworn in as a member, take
part in the legislative proceedings, his case some-
times protracted, and running along for months
and months nearly through the session, and then
at last the Senate or the House of Representatives
come to the conclusion that the individual is not
entitled to a seat, and he is turned out of the body
after he has taken part in all the legislative pro-
ceedings, and, perhaps, by his vote alone, has
passed or defeated the most important bills. I
think it would be better always to settle the ques-
tion, if it were practicable, in advance.
Now, sir, I admit that there is not a case agree-
ing in names; there is not a case, if you please,
where, for the same cause, the Senate has refused
to admit a person to be sworn as in this case; but
there are cases where the Senate, for reasons sat-
isfactory to itself, has said that the person claim-
ing to be Senator should not be permitted to exer-
cise the functions of the office until a committee
had examined his case, and reported whether he
was entitled to the seat or not. That is what is
proposed to be done in this case; and that is all.
Mr. BAYARD. A few woids more, arising
out of the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Illinois. It is a very easy matter to refute the
argument of an opponent if you choose to mis-
state his position, whether itisdone intentionally
or unintentionally. I never pretended to say,
where the credentials alone were regular, that m
all cases the party was admitted. I said that, un-
less the objection went to the authority to appoint
or the credentials, that the party was always ad-
mitted. I said as to the very case he has taken
the trouble to read, what no one would deny, that,
as far as the form of the credentials was concerned,
Mr. Johns was regularly appointed, on the face
of the credentials, a Senator from the State of Del-
aware; but I endeavored to explain to the honor-
able Senator the ground, and the very plain ground
to me, on which the Senate refused to let him be
sworn in without the report of a committee; and
that was, that the Senate always judicially notices
whether a Legislature of a State has or has not
been in session. I supposed the cose that Mr.
Staik now had come here claiming to be a Sen-
ator, although the Legislature of Oregon had been
in session at the time of his appointment by the
Governor. Then this ease would be parallel to
that of Mr. Johns in principle; and I should not
have hesitated in my action if any Senator had got
up here and stated that to be the fact. I would
not require a report of a committee where the ob-
jection goes to the authority of the appointing
power; and, therefore, no presumption would en-
able you, prima facie, to give the party a seat.
But, sir, where the authority to appoint is un-
dented und undoubted, and the form of the ap-
pointment is undenied and undoubted, you must
presume that there are no callateral facts to pre-
vent the party from being sworn m; but if such
are to be investigated on outside allegations, you
let the party take his seat, and afterwards inquire
into them, and take testimony. The object of
that is to pay a proper respect to the appointing
power, whether it is an appointment by the Gov-
ernor or an election by the Legislature. It all
goes on that principle, not relating to the man,
but out of respcct to the body. If the power to
appoint exists, and the appointment is made by
