1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been said he has hardly got possession of land
enough to bury his dead in case his army should
get into a collision in that locality. I donotknow
how General Hunter came to issue that proclama-
tion. He is a native of my State: he is every inch
a soldier; "he's a tried and valiant soldier/' I
think the tone and character of the proclamation
is entirely contrary to his antecedents. 1 know
not how it came or has been brought about.
Whether, to use the language of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] yesterday, he has been
" egged" on by somebody behind him or not; but
it is entirely at war with-all his former character
and history, if I have correctly learned it. If no
one has incited him, and it has been of his own mo-
tion, then I fear he lias been seized with the pres-
identialfever,afeverwluch is nowattacking many
of the officers of our Army. If such is the case,
it would have been better for him had he been
seized with the yelloio fever, for he would be likely
to get through that much more speedily and much
more safely. [Laughter.]
I shall vote to take up the tax bill. We must
pass that if we wish to carry on this war, and
carry it on successfully. We cannot carry on
this war, as the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs knows, without the " sinews of
war." We cannot replenish our decimated regi-
ments,spoken of so feelingly by the Senator from
Iowa, without the ways and means to replenish
those regiments and to fill them up. We might as
well expect to resist armed rebellion* without the
ways and means as without additional forces and
battalions. I, myself, believe that our forces are
now too weak everywhere. I can well conceive
the difference in the facility of amassing numbers
into a body of men selected from different sec-
tions of the North to punish rebels, to marching
hundreds of miles down into the heart of rebel-
dom, and a whole nation at home struggling for
existence, even although it may be in a bad cause.
They rise to a man; the leaders through their
malevolence and hate, and the masses led through
deceit and falsehood on the part of their deluders.
We might just as well expect to resist the force
of a hundred-pound Parrott ball, by interposing
the walls of a snow fortification, yielding and
passing away before the wasting influence and
exhaustion of an extreme southern sun as to ex-
pect to be able to suppress this rebellion without
men and material,withoutways and means; they
must be raised, and raised soon. I shall, thcie-
fore, vote to take up the tax bill, and stick to it,
even if it takes until the 1st day of August or the
1st day of September next to carry it through.
Mr. HARRIS. There has been no day duiing
the present session when I would not have voted
in favor of a proposition like that now before the
Senate. I regard this tax bill as the great and
vital measure of the present session, one para-
mount to every other proposition that has been
before the Senate. While I am anxious for the
passage of the bill which is sustained by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and which I joined
with him in reporting, I am ready to postpone
that or any other measure for the purpose of tak-
ing up and considering the tax bill. Sir, the peo-
ple of the country, the whole country, are look-
ing with anxiety to the action of Congress upon
that subject. The people that I have the honor
to represent are beginningto feel quite anxious on
the subject. Indeed, sir, their anxiety now, as I
have seen lately, amounts almost to apprehension
that the delay is so great that it may by possibil-
ity be thrown over the session. That people have
a very deep interest in this question. I suppose
that I hazard nothing in saying that the people
that I represent are to pay of this enormous tax
one quarter. They are ready for it; they are look-
ing for it; they want to see it and look n in the
face in all its proportions. 1 shall therefore, with
great cheerfulness, vote for the proposition before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is a char-
acter in one of Dickens's novels who says to an-
other, " Take a glass of water, put into it a little
piece of orange peel, and then make believe very
hard and yon will have a strong drink." Now,
sir, I would apply these words to the hill of the
committee. It is like a glass of water with a bit
of orange peel in it, and if you make believe very
hard you may have a strong bill. To my mind,
it amounts to nothing. iTonly plays with the
subject. At a moment when the life of our Re-
public is struck at, Senators propose to proceed
as if by an indictment in a criminal court. I have,
therefore, no sympathy with the bill. It is inade-
quate to the occasion. It is a perfect nonentity.
And yet, sir, I took part in raising the committee
which has reported the bill. I remember well that
my friend from Ohio [Mr, Wade] said, when we
were considering whether that committee should
be raised, that confiscation would be lost by it,
and I replied to him at once that he was mistaken,
that confiscation would he saved by it. Such was
my opinion. Why did I say it?' Because I be-
lieved that a committee raised under such circum-
stances would report a real bill, adequate to the
occasion; that they would take into account that
the Republic was in danger; that we were engaged
in a war; and not in a criminal proceeding; and
that they would proceed to exercise something of
the great rights of war. That was my conviction,
and therefore I voted for the committee. 1 believed
that the Senator from New Hampshire, who made
the motion for the committee, and who was there-
fore naturally placed at its head, shared my own
ideas. I erred with regard to the strength of that
Senator's convictions,and with regard to his opin-
ions on the duties and the powers of Congress.
Had I anticipated any such bill from the commit-
tee as that now before us, I should have joined
with the Senator from Ohio. If this bill is to pre-
vail,it is clear that he was rightand I was wrong.
But I still hope that we shall be able to pass an
efficient measure.
I have said that the bill of the committee is not
a confiscation bill. I see in it much of the speech
of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
That Senator is frank as he is able. I do not be-
lieve that he will say that in this bill there is any-
thing of confiscation from beginning to end. Iam
sure he will not say it. He understands the ques-
tion too well; he is too good a lawyer. He knows
that it is, in its main elements, a new criminal
statute with some new penalties for treason, and
nothing more, with little or nothing founded on
the rights of war. He knows that Whatever is
done under it must move with the halting pace of
an indictment or other criminal proceeding, and
not with the practical swiftness of war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to aquestion of order.
The Senator from Massachusetts will understand
me. It is not because I object to the debate, or
what he says; it is all pioper enough; but upon
the question now pending, according to the ruling
of the Chair, it is clearly u departure from the
rule; and I really desire to get at somethingprac-
tic.il, that we may vote on something or other.
As a matter of course, the remarks mud<! by the
honorable Senator will naturally call out a reply
from the chairman of the committee, and also
from the honorable Senator now by name referred
to. It is a discussion of the bill and the merits of
the bill, and not the question of whether the tax
bill should now be taken up or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I am coming to that; and what
I say now is simply to prepare the way for the
conclusion. I said that the bill under considera-
tion is not a confiscation bill; that it has no such
element in it; and so confident was I that it has
no such element, that I ventured to appeal to the
Senator from Vermont, who was one of the com-
mittee that reported it, and whose ideas it ob-
viously represents. Therefore, sir, I am not dis-
posed at this moment to proceed with its furthei
consideiation That is the conclusion on which
I rest. I await willingly the action of the other
House. The subject, as we know, is now under
consideration there; and I trust that they will send
us a lull which has in it something ot efficacy,
which has in it some weapon, some power, which
this Government may wield against this rebellion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President,! have taken
one occasion, and but one, to make any remarks
m relation to this topic. I have not thought it
necessary to repeat them. Gentlemen of course
have a perfect right to the exercise of their privi-
lege as often as they choose, and some of them I
venture to say—I speak with moderation—have
made ten speeches on this subject. I have been
perfectly silent upon this particular bill, willing
that the subject should be treated by all men in
their own way, according to their own tastes; but
when I am appealed to by name, personally, I sup-
pose I am not at hberiy'io sit still. Common cour-
tesy to the honorable Senator will not admit it,
though he thinks that I am one of a committee
that helped to concoct a measure like putting-a
piece of orange peel into a tumbler of water, for
the purpose of deceiving and duping Senators;
addressing myself to their faith, to make them
believe there was great virtue in it, when I knew
there was nothing in it—a sort of bread pill. He
accuses me of that, and calls that courtesy !
Mr. SUMNER, The Senator misunderstands
me when he says I attribute any such motive to
him.
.Mr. COLLAMER. But you attribute that to
the action of the committee. That is what they
did do, as you say. Is that courteous ? I do not
know but it would be in the honorable Senator,
but it would not be in me. At almost every step
in the consideration of this subject, Senators have
indulged in terms of reproach 'to those who differ
' with them in opinion—termsof contumely—terms
which impute to them all sorts of bad motives;
more than intimating that they are leagued with
the enemies of the country to get votes, and that
that is their purpose. Now, sir, I am aware that
the history of the world is full of that sort of spirit.
I have long experienced it here. It has some-
times been called the crack of the plantation whip.
No matter in whose hands it is wielded, the music
of that whip is the same, the sound is the same,
and the effect is the same. It is totally imma-
terial whether that spirit is indulged in relation to
one subject or another. Whether, by the bigotry
of religious sentiment, it sends a man to the auto
dafe, or whether it sends a man to the guillotine
under political excitemcnt, it is all the same the
world over.  
Mr. President, no matter how settled my opin-
ions and sentiments may be on a particular sub-
ject, I can accord to other gentlemen entire differ-
ence of opinion upon it with entire integrity, and,
if you please, a large measure of discernment also.
But, sir, I am one of those whom gentlemen may
regard as unfortunate men in the world, who are
compelled to be governed by their own convic-
tions. It may be a great misfortune. My ex-
tremely limited intellect may be such as leads me
to this very unfortunate guide. It is my misfor-
tune. It should not call for the reproaches of
Senators. 1 expect thatother men, even of higher
measures of discernment, will be governed by their
convictions too, and I can easily conceive that they
may possess them entirely different from mine.
Now, Mr. President, 1 cannot but say that it
seems to me whenever a party is the dominant
party, and in the possession of power, it may re-
quire a very different measuie of duty from each
individual that composes that party from what it
would when they were in a minority. When a
party is m a minority they may indulge very great
difference of opinion among them without involv-
ing the public interest, foj their united vote would
effect nothing, and their divided vote would effect
as little. But when they are in possession of
power, it may be a very different thing. The
public interests may be involved in the difference
of opinion that prevails among them, and then it
is that a different measure of duty is called into
exercise in my estimation. It is this: that in the
endeavor to act together with a view to effect some
general purpose that is entertained by the party,
we must vote, so far as possible, for that in which
we can unite; otherwise we can effect nothing. If
the same feeling of division is to be indulged in
that was entertained when we were in a minority,
then we are divided among ourselves, and throw
ourselves into the hands of the enemy. "Divide
and conquer" is ail old doctrine. Can gentlemen
expect that they are to effect any degree of una-
nimity on anything—I do not care whether there
be a majority of the party for it or not; it is im-
material—on which men indulge sentiments that
involve a matter of principle? Can it be possible
that there cannot be such a measure of chaiity
here as this: that though I will not give up my
opinions and abandon them, out of deference to
the opinion of another man, after all, I will per-
mit myself to acknowledge that 1 believe the other
man is sincere,and I will notonlysay sofurform's
sake, and for courtesy's sake, but 1 will actually
believe itr Can we not, then, without abandon-
ing principle, defer to the opinion of some of our
colleagues who must act with us for the purpose
of unanimity? In plain terms, sir, take this bill
which has been reported by the committee; is
there a single Senator here who pretends that he
cannot vote for that bill without sacrificing a mat-
