1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the proper appointing power, you, of course, con-
cede the seat in the first instance; and if there be
further objections, you inquire into them, and you
vacate the seat if it is proper to do so. I can
easily see why that course has been adopted, and
I challenge Senators to produce an instance in
which the Senate has ever refused to let a Sena-
tor be sworn in on any other ground than aground
of that kind, though they may have vacated the
seat afterwards.
Tile case of Mr. Lanman is exactly similar in
principle to that of Mr. Johns. The Governor
gave him perfectly fair credentials on their face;
but the question with the Senate was this: they
take notice judicially whether a Legislature is in
session or not. The term had not commenced,
and the objection was made that the Governor had
no authority under the Constitution to appoint to
a full term; that hisonly authority was to appoint
to a broken term; and, on that ground, Mr. Lan-
man, after an investigation of it, was rejected, be-
cause you cannotpresume that the party is entitled
to take a seat where the authority is questioned.
The authority is not questioned here. No one
denies that the Legislature of Oregon is not in
session. No one denies that Whittakcr is the
Governor of Oregon. No one denies that he ap-
pointed Mr. Stark. No one denies that it was in
the recess of the Legislature, and that there was
a vacancy to be filled. Do you deny it ? If you
do; if you deny that he is a citizen of the United
States; if you deny that he is of the age proper to
be appointed—thirty years—or is wanting in any
of the other qualifications requisite by the Con-
stitution, then it is a totally different matter.
I shall not go over the otherargument again. I
am replying only to the honorable Senator from
Illinois, who misapprehended entirely what I said;
and I repeat, and there is some strength and favor
to my argument in that, that from 1789 down to
the present time a solitary case cannot be found
in the Senate of the United States where they
have refused a seat to a party appointed by a
proper authority, under credentials rightful on
their face, and 011 the ground that other objections
were made to his right to hold a scat, which is a
strong reason to show what is the true construc-
tion of the Constitution.
As to the other point made by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, for whose opinions I have
very great respect, I really cannot see how there
can be any question to refer there. That does
not answer the second branch of my argument.
It would only answer it if it were true that you
would refer that single question for the committee
to determine, whether the question of a man's
moral character—for the word loyalty is embraced
in that of moral character—is a question which
would authorize a majority of the Senate to im-
pose a disqualification on him from being sworn
m. Now, the honorable Senator said, would you,
if a man came here, a convicted felon, with a reg-
ular appointment by the proper authority, and
with the record of conviction before you, admit
him? My answer is, yes. The Constitution of
the United States, not for him, but from respect
to his State and its appointing power, authorized
him to be sworn in; but the next moment that
protection which the body is entitled to against
infamous members, to my mind, would justify
me in turning round and expelling him from a
seat in the body. I would admit him because it
is not left to you to decide in the first instance
who shall be elected or sworn in. You have a
right to supervision over your members after-
wards in every respect; but you must pay that
much respect to the appointing power, the State
which he represents, as to suppose they would
not elect a disloyal, improper, or infamous man
to a seat in tins body. \ou therefore admit him,
and you admit him because the majority has no
ri°"ht to guard against that, for the Constitution
leaves it in the States. It prescribes the qualifi-
cations of Senators, their age, residence, citizen-
ship, anil the authority to appoint, anil also pre-
scribes a further qualification, because of the
incompatibility of holding office under the United
States with a scat 011 this floor. Those all go to
the quahficationsofaSenator. Itgives youpower
by a majority of the Senate to decide that the party
is not qualified, butit does not give you the power
by a majority to decide that a man is a disloyal
or an immoral man, no matter what the evidence.
No such power is given to you. It is left to the
State that elects him to determine on those ques-
tions. But the Constitution does give you a power
which is all-sufficient for the purposes of the body,
by the uncontrolled will of two thirds of the body
to expel him for any ground, if you think he is
no longer fit to be a member of the Senate.
I will ask for the yeas and nays on my motion,
which is to strike out the word " not,**'according
to the suggestion of the Vice President.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to join in this dis-
cussion, but simply desire to call the attention of
the Senate to a very late case, which I have not
heard quoted, which happened a few years ago.
Mr. Dixon, from the State of Kentucky, came
here and presented regular credentials. There
was no question about the authority of the Legis-
lature to elect, and in that case, there being no
contestant, an objection was made, and his creden-
tials were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary before he was allowed to take his seat.
Mr. Dixon spent some weeks here in the city; and
finally, after his credentials were submitted, the
Judiciary Committee made a report that every-
thing was right and regular; and then, and not till
then, he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. What was the objection ?
Mr. HALE. It is a long story.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to amend the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine by striking out the word " not;"
and on that amendment he asks for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair please to state the
question precisely?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] moves that the oath be
not administered to the person presenting himself
as a Senator from Oregon, and that the credentials
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Delaware moves to strike out
the word " not;" and the motion would then be,
that the member be sworn in and the papers re-
fened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the use of the first
branch of the resolution, that the member be not
sworn in ? Why not let the resolution read, that
(he papers be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would leave
the remaining part of the proposition undisposed
of.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. U.ivaid,Bright.Kennedy,Latham,Nes-
mith, Pcaice, Powell. Rice, Sanlsbury, and Thomson—10.
NAYS—M<;ssi>. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question now
is on agreeing to the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr SAULSBURY. As it has been said we are
making precedents, and as 1 wish to have no part
in making such a precedent as this, I ask for the
yeas and nays on agreeing to that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Colla-
iner, (Jowan, Davis, Dixon, Doulittle, Fessendcn, Foster,
Grimes. Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe,Johnson, King,Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moiuil, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Bvck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—29,
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Carlile, Kennedy, La-
tham, Nesmith, Pcaice, l owell, Itiee, Saulsbury, and Thorn-
son—11.
So the motion to refer the credentials and the
papers relating to the case to the Committee on
the Judiciary was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. At the request of a good many
patriotic gentleman, 1 move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope that motion will not
prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
AHMY blONAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up the bill (S.
No. 141) to prcjvido for the organization of the
signal deportment of the United States Army.
Mr. POSTER. I do not by any means wish
to interfere with the proceedings of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, When he
brings forward bills which I suppose aye imme-
diately called for by tho public necessities, but'I
would suggest that the consideration of the"report
in regard to the right of the sitting member from
Kansas to his seat, when it is expressed by him,
by the contestant, and I hope by everybody, that
it is very desirable to finish it, it having been
commenced and postponed over yesterday, and
now lying as the unfinished business of the day
before yesterday, ought to receive pretty early
attention. I do not oppose this motion; but I
suggest it is hardly tho way which the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale) the
other day suggested should be pursued in regard
to business here, that when we began any meas-
ure we should can y it through without taking up
any other, and finish it on the day we began it.
We have forgotten it, and certainly he does not
press that which seemed to me a very good rule
when he suggested it.
Mr. HALE. What was that?
Mr. FOSTER. That when we take up a sub-
ject matter here we should proceed with it and
finish it, even, on the day we take it up.
Mr. HALE. X think it is a good one, and if
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will allow me a single moment—if the Senator
refers to the bill in regard to the construction of
iron-clad gunboats—I will state that I consented
to postpone it in order to receive from the Secre-
tary of the Navy an answer to the resolution we
passed yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Connecticut submit a motion ?
Mr. FOSTER. I do not. A motion is already
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other, how-
ever, would be privileged.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connecticut
knows very well that his case is a privileged one;
and if he desires to do it, he can press the matter
to the exclusion of this; but I shall be very glad
(as I came here to-day, although hardly fit to be
here, in order to get through one or two bills that
1 and the committee regard as very important
measures that we ought to get through with very
soon) if he will consent to allow this bill to be put
on its passage, and also another bill. Ifhc wishes
to press his motion, however, this subject will
have to go over.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly shall not by any
means press it. Indeed I cannot, because, by the
decision of the Chair, it stands like any other
question,*id must be taken up on a vote of the
Senate, and the Senator having moved to take up
this bill, if the Senate vote to take it up, I can do
nothing, if I were disposed, to prevent it; but I
am not.
Mr. SUMNER. X should like to give one word
of explanation which I think will satisfy the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 1 heard the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] who is not in his
seat, say that he expected to go over this case
point by point with some care. He is not in his
seat to-day, and I hope he is not ill; but it seems
to me his absence is a sufficient excuse for a post-
ponement.
Mr. FOSTER. I think the case ought not to
be hurried now—certainly not. It is too late to
hurry it. [Laughter.}
Mr. HOWE. I owe it to the Senator from New
Hampshire to say to the Senate that he is pre-
vented from attending here lo-day by indisposition,
and he made the request, if this ^piject to which
the Senator from Connecticut alludes was called
up, that I would ask the Senate to postpone it until!
he was able to be in his seat.
Mr. FOSTER. The subject then, I suppose,
will be postponed until members now sick shall
get well, and those that are aow well shall get sick.
[Laughter.]
The motion of Mr. Wilson- was agreed to,, ana
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 141) to pr&riite
for the organization of the signal department of the
United States Army. It is proposed by this bill
to provide that the President of the United States
shall be authorized to appoint for service during
the present yofaellion as many signal officers, with
