2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ter of principle? Not a man. I have understood
the Senator from Illinois to say that he would
vote for this bill if he could not get a better one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. TheSenatoris quite right.
I thought I should, and that is my inclination
now; but! have conversed with a number of Sen-
ators who think it is clearly unconstitutional.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, sir, they ought not
to vote for it, and I will not ask them to vote for
it. But I will not quarrel with you because you
cannot vote for it; nor will I anathematize you;
nor will I attempt to hold you up to public oppro-
brium; nor will I endeavor to bring down public
indignation upon you by any form of expression
whatever, however much i may differ with you
upon the constitutional question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not express any
opinion myself that it was unconstitutional.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is the first time I
ever heard it suggested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wished fo cor-
rect the Senator in saying that no'one doubted its
constitutionality.
Mr. COLLAMER. I spoke of what the gen-
tleman said yesterday. He said then that he
would vote for this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not say now that I
shall not vote for the bill. I merely spoke to cor-
rect the assumption the Senator from Vermont
was making that no one, on a question of prin-
ciple, had any difficulty about this bill; merely to
inform him, as a matter of foot, that there are Sen-
ators who have told mc they could not vote for it
because they believed it to he unconstitutional.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the gentleman will
have candor enough to say that this is the first
time the thing was ever suggested.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I do not know that it was
ever suggested to him. It lias been to me.
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean in open Senate.
It is certainly the first tune it lias been suggested.
A part of the Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber and on the other think (hat to go further than
this bill does, and to the extent to which other
gentlemen think they might to go, cannot be con-
stitutionally done, but as far as this goes it may
be constitution;)I ly done. Now, in all candor and
fairness among gentlemen, who is to be called
upon to give up opinions? Nobody is to be culled
upon to abandon a matter of constitutional pun-
ciple, and in voting for this bill, 1 take it, no man
will lib.union any such thing. This is the first
time 1 ever heard an intimation of the kind. Then
what is to be expected on such an occasion, if we
aie to ha ve any degree of unanimity and hai mony
inaction? As 1 take it, it is to defer to the con-
stitutional opinions of those who think we cannot
go turtlier, to do the best we can, and to go with
them to do it; not to demand of them to aban-
don that prniei pic or the measure will bo defeated
altogether, 1 ha\e not heard anybody bete say
they would d< f< at it; but theio is a constant talk
about desiring and insist ing u pon doing t hat which
we consider we have no constitutional power to do;
and then then.- is a seeming restlessness, impa-
tience, and uii(juletiiess heie as if we weie to be
in some way or other menaced, or thieatened, or
dragooned into Jt.
It was meiely in relation to this matter that I
dcsiied to .speak; and now, in regaul to the bill
itself, 1 view it .is outofoidri to he discussing it
at tins time. I have not discussed it, and do not
mean to do so but in due and piopei lime,and
seldom llien unless lam compelled to do it by
being called on by name. When that time comes
I shall endeavor to do it to the best of my ability
and according to the light that is in me; but 1
shall not be duven into tins matter, come from
what quaiter a may, and 1 shall not vote against
my opinion in relation to a constitutional (jues-
tion. Now, sii, 1 suppose if we can discuss the
bill itself and its merits, we can discuss every bill
that stands on the Calendar in the wa\* of the tax
bill. I understand the motion ot the honorable
Senator from Maine to be that all previous ordei s
and bills standing before the tax bill be postponed
for the purpose of taking up that bill, and if on ,
that motion we can discuss this bill on its merits,
1 suppose we could discuss evety single bill there
iV^Vi0' n / r,u>y *dl stand befoie the tax !
bill, I behevo, and we havejuM asgooda nghtto
discuss the merits of evciy bill on'the Calendar i
that will be ovemdden by this motion,as we have '
this one. Hence I think it improper to discuss I
the merits of the bill, and I shall not do it, though
strongly tempted. I verily believe, with the light
that is m me, that the bill is not only a constitu-
tional one and a prudent one, but an effective one
also, and there I shall leave it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to discuss the
merits of this bill, because 1 understand the Chair
to rule it to be out of order. I have no doubt the
Chair is correct in this decision, and I will not, if
I know it, transgress a rule of order; but I do ask
the indulgence of the Senate fora momentortwo,
while I refer to an expression that fell from the
Senator from Massachusetts. I have had here-
tofore a high regard for that Senator. My sym-
pathies have almost always been with him; but
there was one expression he used which, in con-
nection with the remark made by the Senatorfrom
Illinois yesterday, I cannot permit to pass in si-
lence. It was, that he had been deceived in my
opinions.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator certainly must
be mistaken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor to the
Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly; if I am wrong, I
desire to be set right.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, the Senator must
be wrong. If I used the language, it was simply
that I misunderstood the views of the Senator. I
know the Senator's frankness and his perfect in-
tegrity in every respect, so that I never for one
moment harbored any idea like that which he
seems to be laboring under; never. If I used any
language that could have mostrcmotely suggested
it, I take it all back.
Mr. CLARK. I want to finish the expression.
It was that he was deceived in my opinions as to
the powers of Congiess and the Government.
The Senator from Illinois, with whom the Senator
fiom Massachusetts is intimately associated in
this purpose and in this bill, last evening talked
of " unmasking" me; and now the Senator from
Massachusetts says he was deceived in me. I ask
that Senator if I ever gave him to undei stand, be-
fore moving to refer this subject to a special com-
mittee, what my opinions were about it as to the
powers and dunes of Congress, and how far we
could go ?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot say that the Senator
ever made any statement to me on the subject;
hut the Sena tin* will let me say frankly that I did,
fiom conversation on this floor, undeistand that
the Senator was in favor of a very stiingent bill;
and possibly my own ideas of what was stringent
may m my mind have been substituted for his
own.
Mr. CLARK. Then, sir, I did not deceive
htm, if he was deceived. Now, permit me to say
that I am in favoi of astringent bill; and permit me
to say tothat Senator that 1 can accept almost all
he says in regaid to the war power of Congress
and the Government, I can go with him to the full
extent of the war powerof the Government as he
puts it; 1 can go with him to the full extent of the
power of dealing with the lebel as ho puts it; but
when he comes to mix the two together and con-
found them both, I cannot go with him. 1 admit
that by the war power you may seize the prop-
erly ot the lebel; 1 admit that you may punish
him and take his piopertv from him; but when
he asks me to consider the enemy a rebel, and to
confound t he punishments for the sake of seizing
his real estate, I do not agree to it. That is where
he and I differ. 1 will not say that be and I ever
ii ad a word on that. Then why is he dec< l ved in
me.-' I do not like this kind of denunciation and
tieatment. Gentlemen, at least, should he mote
.j guarded in the treatment of their friends. 1 am
j! leady at any time, when it shall be properly be-
foie the Senate, to meet that Senator in the dis-
!; cussion of the merits of this bill and his, and to
I submit it to the Senate. I will not undertake to say
,j tins is more efficient; but I want hero to repel any
, I such impressions as may at lse that I ever deceived
I him or anybody else m legard to this matter. I
;i came heje fiankly and openly before die Senate
j and asked that this mnttershould bo committed to
' a special committee. I think the Senate will bear
us testimony that within a few days we lepoited
it back again, that there should be no delay and
tli.tt it should be befoie the Senate. Now we are
accused of having delayed a confiscation measure, .
and we arc accused of bringing forward a measuie i
of no strength. We may differ about that; but I
think gentlemen by their conduct evince that, in
their judgment, it has strength with the Senate, or
else they would not take this factious course to
defeat it.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated yesterday one of the
reasons why I was opposed to laying aside the
bill now under consideration, and taking up the
tax bill: but I have other reasons which I wish
briefly to state to the Senate.
I have very little sympathy with these general
denunciations of this bill or of any other of the
numerous bills that have been submitted to us by
different members of the body, called confiscation
bills. I am in favor of a confiscation bill. I am
in favor of a stringent one. I am willing to vote
for the most stringent one that I can constitution-
ally vote for. I am willing to adopt the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Illinois; but
because I cannot be peimitted to vote upon that,
or because a majority of the Senate are unwilling
to take it, I am not going to preclude myself or
my constituents or the country of any benefit that
may be derived from the passage of the bill under
consideration. I want the best one I can get. I
believe that there are valuable provisions in this
bill. I believe that it will in some measure satisfy
the public expectation, and I want it passed, and
wantit passed as speedily as possible; and 1 think
the sooner we pass it the sooner we shall have this
vexed question out of the Senate, and the sooner
the public mind will be satisfied upon tins sub-
ject.
In regard to the tax bill, there is not any doubt
but that it is going to be taken up and passed
sometime during this session. We are under a
pledge to do it. We are not under a pledge to do
it in any specific time. We ought to do it before
the session closes. It is a long bill, and will prob-
ably occupy three or four weeks, and when we
once take that up it will be impracticable for us to
suspend that bill or take up this one; but we are
right in the middle of this bill. It was perfectly
understood, I think, that there were but two gen-
tlemen who desired to address the Senate on the
subject,and one of them has neaily concluded his
speech. Why not go on, and finish it ? TbeSen-
ator from Massachusetts says that he does not
want to act upon it, because he wants to wait until
a bill shall come from the House of Representa-
tives. I have pondered upon that subject ever
since yesterday. The Senator ought to remem-
ber that if there be a majority in the bod y in favor
of this bill from the committee, when the House
bill comes in this committee bill will immediately
be offered as a substitute for it, and then we shall
be exactly where we stand now. We shall gam
nothing by that. We shall be brought to a vote
immediately upon this Senate committee bill as a
substitute for the House bill, and we shall be ex-
actly where we are now. Besides, I think noth-
ing has oceuued here yet to justify that Senator
or anybody else in reaching the conclusion that
the amendment which he has submit ted, and winch
is now before the Senate, may not be substituted
in place of this bill. If he is so anxious for the
passage of a confiscation bill, why not let us go
forward and vote on the question of substituting
his amendment in place of this, instead of voting,
as he says he shall vo*e, to take up the tax bill?
I think there is every reason in the world why we
should progress in tins bill, and I am convinced
that before the week is out—I believe befoie to-
mouow night—we shall have disposed of it by
passing jt through all its stages m this body. If
we want to save time I think we had better go on
with the bill, bear the Senator from Kentucky con-
clude his speech and the Senator fiom Michigan
follow him, and then I believe it ia the under-
standing we are to come to a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote against post-
poning this measure to take up the tax bill, be-
cause I think we had better proceed with it. I
agree very much with what the Senator from Iowa .
has said, that we may be able, or at least I hope
we may be able, to amend it and modify it in a way
that will be satisfactoiy to the Senate, or to the
majority ot the Senate, so that we can pass it in
some satisfactory shape. If, afh r trying to amend
! 11, we c.innot succeed ; if, after we have voted upon
j these variousamendments which wdl be proposed,
, and some ol which are now pending, it turns out
j that we cannot amend the bill at all, thai, those
i who are for this bill justas it isand nothing else,
