270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the rank, pay, and emoluments of captains orfirst
lieutenants of cavalry, and as ninny enlisted men,
with the icinlc and pay of sergeants of cavalry, as
he may deem ncccssary; but the number of cap-
tains and of first lieutenants is not to exceed one
of each grade for each division of the Army m the
service of the United States, and the number of
enlisted men is not to exceed one for each signal
officer who may be appointed. Every officer* be-
fore receiving his appointment, is to be examined
and approved by a competent military board, to
be convened for the purpose by the Secretary of
War; and the officers temporarily serving as signal
officers are to receive, for the time they are serving,
the pay and emoluments of cavalry officers of their
respective grades.
The bill also makes the following appropria-
tions: for 5iie manufacture or purchase of signal
equipments ami signal stores, to equip and supply
the forces now in the field, $20,000. For contin-
gent expenses uf the signal department, $1,000.
For the manufacture or purchase of signal equip-
ments and signal stores for countersign signals, to
pi event the collision of friend iy legi men ts, $34,900.
Mi. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill in
the fouith line of the fiist section by striking out
the word " appoint" and inserting the word " de-
tail;" in the fifth line, to strike out the words
"signal officeis"and insert the words " enlisted
men;" in tiie sixth line, to strike out the words
" captains or first lieutenants" 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
submit but one motion at a time.
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to submit the
whole section; 1 want toexplain it. 1 move, then,
in the sixth line, to strike out the words "cap-
tains and first lieutenants" and insert the word
" orderlies;" and in the ninth line, to strike out
"captains and the number of first lieutenants "and
inseit " orderlies,"and in the twelfth line, to strike
out " one" and insert " two."
The bill, as it now stands, proposes that the
President of the United States may appoint the
piesent signal officeis with the i.mk, pay, and
emoluments of captains and first lieutenants of
eavaliy, one captain and one lieutenant for each
division, and such number of enlisted men as may
be necessary. I propose that the Piesident uf me
United States shall go into the ranks, and if these
officers are necessary shall take men from those
who are now enlisted in our service, and give them
the rank and pay of orderlies of cavalry, and give
tQ each one of these orderlies two pi nates with
the rank and pay of sergeants of cavalry. By
the authoi ity that would be conferred by this bill,
the pay of each lieutenant being $1,437 96, be-
sides his commutations, and that of each captain
something like §1,800, besides his commutations,
it would amount to upwaids of ^100^)0 for the
salaries of the officers alone, giving an officer of
each of these grades to each division m the Army.
I propose that they shall take orderlies. 1 know
from my own knowledge, and { presume it is
within the knowledge of every man here, that there
are men in the ranks who are just as capable of
being instructed to perform these duties of sig-
nal officers as any of the men who hold commis-
sions as captains and lieutenants. 1 think I could
go into the lanks and select better officers for this
business than 1 could if I were required to take
them solely from those nowholdmgcommissions
from the President, or from the Governors of the
States. I propose that the President shall have
that authoi ity, and only that authority.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ator from Iowa is in erroi in making this motion.
I am willing,os I said to him before it was made,
to modify the original proposition. I proposed
it in committegu The matter was considered in
consultation with the signal officer, the man who
has the care of it, with the War Depai tment, and
with the senior major general of the Aimy; and
the bill, as it is presented to the Senate, has the
sanction in its details, not only of the signal offi-
cer, but of General McClcllan.
I am willing, however, instead of making these
appointments, to provide that the President shall
detail officers in the service for this purpose; I am
also willing to confine it to second lieutenants, and
not detail captains or first lieutenants; but it is of
v itai nn poi idiice, if we do anything at all, that the
persons who have the care of these signals should
be men of responsibility and of intelligence. A
large number of lieutenants in the Army of the Uni-
ted States have for months been detailed and have
been instructed in this business. One of the men
instructed by the signal officer was at Bull Run,
and you will find in the official reports of the bat-
tle that the commander of the rebel army spoke
of the great importance of (he signals in that act ion.
Theie are several lieutenants in the service who
have thoroughly studied and mastered this sys-
tem, who are in the field now; some of them aie
down on the coast of the Carolinas engaged in
this work; and if the proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa be adopted, these officers that have
been fitted for this work, men sought for their in-
telligence, and who understand all about it, will
be thrown out, and you will have to take a new
class of men and instruct them anew with an army
in the face of the enemy. One reason why we
want this bill passed now is on account of the ex-
peditions now moving in the country.
[ hope ihe Senator will not press that amend-
| mcnt. i hope, at any rate, he will be content with
! a bill authorizing the President of the United States
to detail for this service second lieutenants of cav-
alry. I am willing to confine it to the second lieu-
tenants.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mi\ WILSON. Because I think they are mostly
second lieutenants who have already been in-
structed m it. I would myself rather leave it to
lieutenants, without reference to their grade. We
may say that the President shall have power to
detail lieutenants of cavalry for this business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why "ofcavalry?"
Mr. WILSON. Because they have to be
mounted. Wemaypiovide that those detailed for
this purpose shall not exceed for any division of
the Army one lieutenant, and two persons with
the pay of seigeanfs of cavalry. If we are to have
the system at all, I think we had better have that
responsibility. I agree with the Senator from
fowa thatin the ranks of the volunteer foices there
aie many very intelligent young men, many-
young men of culture, who are worthy to fill al-
most any of the offices; but they are not yet in-
structed, and it takes time to instruct men for this
business. I hope, therefoie, the experiment pro-
posed by the Senator will not be adopted.
I trust the Senate will take these suggestions,
and pass the bill. It has been pressed upon us
within the last two or tiuee days, because it is of
vital importance that the means provided by it
shall at once be secured for use.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator evidently does
not comprehend the full effect of his own bill as he
introduced it. He did not ask for any authority
to the President to detail officers when he intro-
duced this bill. The President has it now; and
if we pass the bill as I propose, the President is
not necessarily compelled to take away from the
positions they now occupy these signal officers
who are with your brigades on the southern coast,
lie can detail any officer in the Army to the per-
formance of any duty he sees fit. I am tola—I
do notknow; perhaps the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs can inform the Senate
—that some of them are detailed for some very
extraordinary duties 
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. GRIMES. Not connected particularly with
the subject of signals. By the adoption of this
amendment we do not take away, 1 say, the au-
thority from the Piesident to keep these officers
in theirpresentempioyment. The Committee on
Military Affairs came in with a bill by which they
empowered the President to appoint a new and
distinct set of officers, not the men that the Sen-
ator refeis to as having been instructed for the
last three or four months in this branch 
Mr. WILSON. That was the intention.
Mr. GRIMES. But to take a man from the
line and put him to tins place merely for tempo-
rary purposes is not the provision of the bill.
The provision is that he may appoint signal cap-
tains and lieutenants during the present insurrec-
jj tion. The purpose of the bill as it was introduced,
!; and as it stands now before the Senate, is to create
ji an entirely newand distinct body of officers. That
■| 1 object to. We have plenty of them.
ij Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask theSen-
|! ator a question as he goes along. If it is true that
the President can detail anybody he pleases, which
I suppose is obvious enough, what is the use of
having that bill at all ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think there is any.
Mr. WILSON. I will agree to strike the sec-
tion out rather than take your amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not the slightest ne-
cessity, and I so informed the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts piivately before the bill came up, for
the whole thing; it is only to create a new bureau,
a new grade in the United States Army.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator sayjs there is no
necessity for having these officers. I have no
doubt of the necessity of having the officers.
Mr. GRIMES. Have you not had them all
sumniei ?
Mr. WILSON. We have had a few officers
detailed for that purpose. The object is to in-
ciey.se and enlarge the number, according to the
wants of the large army that has been put in the
field, and an army that everybody is asking to
move. We have already, at Big Bethel and over
the river here, lost many lives for want of this sys-
tem, which I have no doubt will be managed with
perfect security m the hands of proper, competent
and intelligent officers. That was the object.
It was suggested to the officer who has the con-
trol of this matter, that these officers might be
detailed and not appointed. The answer was,
" We want these men for no other purpose and
under no other control; we want these men ap-
pointed for their fitness for this service, and in-
structed and trained and under the direct control
of this office, and none other;" and I beg leave to
say further, that that is the judgment of the men
who have the lead and control of the Army. It
may be that they are wrong, and that the Senator
from Iowa is right; but if the Senate has come to
the conclusion to adopt the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, I say it is better to strike out the
whole section and leave the matter as it is, and let
the President or the Commanding General make
these details at his own discretion. For that pur-
pose lam willing to strike out thefirstsection and
adopt the second and third sections of the bili.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there is no controversy
between the Senator and me, and I withdiaw the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to amend the bill by stiik-
ing out the fust section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read sections two and
three.
The Secretary read the second section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 2. An I he it further enacted, That officers tempo-
rarily serving a-, signal ofiieeis shall receive, for the tune
they aie so eiving, the pay and emoluments of cavalry
officers of their respective grades.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike that out.
It is only a mode of increasing the pay of the
officers designated to particular duties. The words
" cavalry officeis" have been introduced here so
often in the last six months that I shall never vote
for a law of that kind without some explanation.
Mr. WILSON. I will say in reply that it is
never introduced unless the person to whom it
applies has to be mounted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Excepting chaplains.
Mr. WILSON. The plan is to have houses for
them, and they do generally have horses. I wish
to sny m regard to this duty that it is a mounted
duty; it must be so necessarily, and therefore I
think it ought to come under the charge of cavalry
officers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the third section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcJ. That the following
turn's he, ami tiiey are hereby, appropi iated, out of any
money in the Tivii.-uty not othei wise appropi iated .
For the manuhictuie or purchase ot signal equipments
and c;<nial stores to equip and supply the forces now in
the field, §20,000.
For the contingent expense? of the signal department,
$'1,000.
For the manufacture or purchase of signal equipments
and Mgnul stoics tor eouritei<ign signals, to pievent the
collision of friendly lcgimcnts, $-34,900.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator explain the difference between the first
and third clauses of that section. Both seem to
be the same thing.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. The first clause is
" for the manufacture or purchase of signal equip-
ments and signal stores to equip and supply the
forces now in the field." The other is "for the
