3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
atlt that the purchase of provisions should be
made promptly, and in order to purchases them
promptly you must have a sufficient number of
officers upon whom that duty devolves. If your
Army is to be supplied with ordnance, it is neces-
sary to have a sufficient number of agents whose
duty it is to furnish those supplies. What is
$150,000 compared with the prompt and efficient
supply of munitions of war and provisions for the
Army ?
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania speaksof the
number of officers we had when this war broke
out, and of the increase made in July. Before this
rebellion raised its bloody head, our Army con-
sisted of lofes than twenty thousand men. Now
we have more than twenty times that number.
They are scattered over many fields, in many hos-
pitals, and the duties of the officers are not only
increased in proportion to the numbers employed,
but in proportion to the casualties of the service.
The gentleman also refers to the foot that we
shall have to increase the rank of the line officers.
Officers of the line are willing to win their promo-
tion on the battle-field, and if these other officers
had the same opportunity I presume they would
not bo so anxious for promotion now, and would
be content to receive promotion as they merited it,
by their deeds upon the fields of conflict.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I merely desire to say a
word or two in relation to thegentleman belonging
to the ordnance department to whom allusion was
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Olin] and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Donn,] to show to Congress the injustice -of the
present law in relation to a man of that character
and caliber. This man has, perhaps, rendered as
much service to the Uovcrnmentasany man in the
Army corps. The man who invented those large
guns, the Columbiad, the Rodman gun, the Union
gun, a man whose name is known widely all over
the world, who has been complimented by the
crowned heads of Europe, a man who, were he
there, would be promoted at once, and, perhaps,
knighted, that mail has for years held merely the
rank of captain, while those who were fifteen or
twenty years his juniors in the Army have been
put over his head.
In talking with that man last fall, he told me
that were it not for the duty he owed his country
in this time of trial and danger, he would have
felt that he must resign, but he felt that this was
no time for any patriot to get out of the Army,
and therefore, though he was humiliated, and felt
that he should loseliis self-respect if ho remained
in the Army under such circumstances, he con-
sidered that as longas this rebellion lusted his coun-
try was entitled to his services.
I hope there will be a change in the law, so that
such injustice will no longer be done to meritori-
ous men in the service—men who, instead of be-
ing upon the battle-field, have done signal service
in the improvement of arms and otherwise—a
change which shall no longer permit of their be-
ing unnoticed and unrewarded.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to yield to mo a moment.
Mr. DUNN. I will.
Mr. 110LMAN. 1 have no objection to the
gentleman yielding the floor, if he does it uncon-
ditionally. I do object to his holding the floor
and farming it out at his will.
Mr, DUNN. 1 yield to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. OLIN. 1 wish to say a few words in re-
ply to the most extraordinary speech of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. Without stating a
•single fact,and 1 may say without being possessed
of a single fact that ought to influence the vote
upon tins question, he undertakes to assert, here
that this measuie is unnecessary and improper to
be passed, and that at any time in the history of
the country the chief of any one of the bureaus,
and besides, the Secretary of War, would 
Mr. McPHERSON. I did not say the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. OLIN. Then does the Secretary of War
know as much about it as you do ?
Mr. McPHERSON. The statement I made in
reference to the letter of the chief of ordnance, ask-
ing an increase of his corps, was this: that there
bcid not been a time during the last ten years when
you could not have got letters from the chicfs of
those bureaus asking for an increase of their re-
spective corps, for they always have had an exag-
gerated idea of their wants and need—the result
of such constant consideration of themselves tts
generally belongs to bureau organizations.
Mr. OLIN. I understood that statement, and
I think it was a statement not very fit to be made
to this House, unless the gentleman who made
it can assert some fact, or is in possession of some
information that authorized him to say that the
particular letter of the chief of ord nance was a let-
ter that should not have been written to the House,
and that that department did not, in truth, require
any increase of force. The gentleman has un-
dertaken to show that the Secretary of War,un-
der whose direct observation all the duties of that
department are performed, is entirely mistaken,
is a blockhead, and has sent to the House a rec-
ommendation which would involve the country
in an expenditure of thousands of dollars, while
a volunteer aid, who had served for two months
on a brigadier general's staff, ought to know bet-
ter than the Secretary of War. Sir, I am tired
of this kind of legislation. Is it pretended that
in the history of the country the ordnance de-
partment has been overrun with sinecures, with
offices, when no duties are to be performed? As I
stated before, there were in 1837 forty-one commis-
sioned officers in that department, with an Army
of seven thousand men, and with an expenditure
of $800,000 per annum. There is now an Army
of five hundred thousand men in the field, and an
expenditure of $40,000,000 in the ordnance de-
partment; and the gentleman has found out by
his two months' campaigning that it requires no
more men to supervise an Army of five hundred
thousand men and an expense of $40,000,000,
than it did to supervise an Army of seven thou-
sand men, and an expenditure! of $800,000. Now
it is said, if this measure pass there will be an
application to increase the rank of the line. If
the gentleman had not been so busy in his Phila-
delphia campaign, he would know that this has
been already done. Increase the rank of the line I
What does he mean by that ? It is now composed
of some thirty major generals in the volunteer
service, four in the regular Army, and as many
brigadier generals as a man can well enumerate;
and that number, large as it is, will be increased
with the exigencies of the service, or whenever
the three hundred thousand additional men are
called into the field. 1 am not very much averse,
if the House see proper, to limit the promotion in
the ordnancc or any other corps in the Army to
the period of this rebellion, or perhaps to a year
afterwards. I have no objection to any such
measure, because no man can foresee what the
limit of this will be, or what the state of the coun-
try will be, at the termination of this war.
But let me state a fact with regard to the ord-
nance department, that may be of some service to
some men in this House. The other day we es-
tablished three new arsenals. Now these ought to
be supervised and controlled byofficerswho know
something about ordnance. But the ordnance de-
partment have not got a single officer whom they
can spare for any such purpose. Let me state
another fact. It is desirable, above everything
else, in the present sttfte of affairs, that some ten
or fifteen ordnance officers should be assigned to
the duty of iiispectingordnance stores, the cannon
and arms that are being delivered oil Government
contracts. Some six weeks ago Major Thornton
was assigned to this duty, he being a most accom-
plished and skillful officer, perhaps one of the
most so in the ordnance department. All the as-
sistance that he has to conduct the immense oper-
ations now heing transacted at the West Trov
and Watervliet arsenals, is one second lieutenant.
If he went from there a day , the whole operations
of supplying our Army with fixed ammunition
would be left to the superintendence of that sec-
ond lieutenant, -a young gentleman of perhaps
twenty years of age, who has just graduated at the
Military Academy at West Point. Of course he
could not doit, and the ordnance department can-
not now supply a man to perform that duty. Ma-
jor Thornton is now superintending the opera-
tions of that vastarsenal, which is supplying fixed
ammunition to the whole Army, and is there work-
ing day and wight, and for the last six months he
has stood over that work for more than eighteen
hours a day on the average. But it is discovered
here in the House that really there is no necessity
for this measure.
Now, there is the same necessity, to some ex-
tent, for the increase of the engineer corps pro-
vided for by this Bill. I may state a fact which
has come to my own knowledge, and I presume
to the knowledge of every member of this House.
I do not pretend to criticise the conduct of this
campaign; but we are all sufficiently informed
about it to know that one of the most laborious
duties in it has been the erection of intrenchments,
and the making of slow approaches. The en-
gineer corps of the Army has worked on this
work day and night, without rest, without inter-
mission—
A Member. And without success.
Mr. OLIN. I do not know how that is.
Mr. CQX. Will the gentleman allow me for
a moment ?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I am entirely satisfied with this bill,
and especially with that part of it which looks to
the union between the engineer and topographical
corps. From information which I have had for
the past two years, I am satisfied that this union
ought to be made, and made now. The men con-
nected with the topographical and engineer corps
have got more hard service recently and less com-
pensation than any other officers in the Army,
with scarcely any opportunity for promotion. I
have a letter from a friend of mine connected with
the topographical corps, who has been with the
■nrmy before Richmond, in which he says that
his corps left Washington with seventeen officers,
that two are dead, one from wounds, the other
from over-exertion; that two others are disabled,
one from wounds, the other from disease con-
tracted by over-work; and that the thirteen re-
maining men are performing work which, in any
European army, would occupy one hundred. I
simply state this for the purpose of urging mem-
bers to do justice to what is, perhaps, the hardest
worked corps in the Army. As to the other feat-
ures of the bill, I leave them to gentlemen more
familiar with them than I am.
Mr. McPHERSON. By unanimous consent,
I offer the following as a new section:
Be it further enacted, That as to the increase of rank and
the number of officers provided for by this bill, this act shall
continue only during the cmitinuaiice ol the present rebel-
lion, and one year thereafter.
■Mr. OLIN. I have no objection, Mr. Speaker,
to that proposition, but I am not authorized to
accept it. The Government does not ask it; those
who understand the matter better than I do, do
not ask it, but still I do not see any serious objec-
tion to it.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, I feel it due
to myself, after the gentleman from New York
has traveled beyond the record in noticing the
argument which 1 had the honor to submit to
the House, that I should have an opportunity for
saying a word or two in reference to what I con-
sider an improper personal allusion to myself. In
the discharge of my duty as a member of the
House, I have examined this bill, and have chosen
to express my opinion upon it, and if it were fair
to suspect a bill from the irritability of its friend,
the gentleman from New York, under fair criti-
cism, I might naturally suppose that he consid-
ered this one defective, unfit for examination, and
therefore unfit for enactment.
Mr. Speaker, after the adjournmen t of the special
session of Congress last summer, 1, as many other
members of the House did, and as all who felt dis-
posed had a right to do, did—on my own respons-
ibility, for the double purpose of rendering any
service in my power to the country, and of obtain-
ing whatever information I could upon military
matters—connect myself with the military ser-
vice, upon the staff of a gallant and heroic officer,
now, unfortunately for himself and the country,
a prisoner in the hands of the rebels. I was im-
pelled to this the more, because made painfully
aware, in the course of that session of Congress, of
a woeful lack in the House of that military knowl-
edge which is necessary to wise and. proper legis-
lation. And I respectfully suggest to tne gentle-
man from New York that, if, instead of returning
to his home, and contenting himself with the in-
formation he was able to acquire on military sub-
jects from the person who happened, for the time
being, to be in command of the arsenal near his
residence, he had chosen to make himself familiar,
by actual observation and experience, with the
organization of the Army and its requirements,
and brought the information thus acquired to the
