1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
manufacture or purchase of signal equipments and
signal stores for countersign signals, to prevent
the collision of friendly regiments'," these are
articles that are burned in the night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the appropria-
tion is based on an estimate from some Depart-
ment as to the amount. We have no inform-
ation on the subject. However, I am willing to
vote for it if the Committee on Military Affairs
have inquired into the necessity for these expend-
itures.
Mr. WILSON. The head signal officer made
an estimate in detail, which was referred to the
Commanding General, who indorsed it and sent it
to the War Office. It was indorsed by the War
Office and sent to our committee. We then sum-
moned the signal officer before us to explain all
these items, their importance and necessity, and
the urgency for immediate action. Afterwards we
sent the bill to the Commanding General, to ascer-
tain whether the details of the bill, as we had
framed it, were such as he believed lo be neces-
sary. It then received his indorsement. I think
the bill is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON. The title of the bill ought to
be changed, in consequence of the amendment.
It should read: "A bill making appropriations for
the signal depai tment of the United States Army."
Mr. RICE. Let it read: " Signal service of the
United States Army." We do not want a " de-
partment" for this purpose.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that suggestion.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
CONTRACTS OK THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion calling the attention of the Secretary of War
to a resolution that remains unanswered:
Whcieas a resolution parsed the Senate of the United
States on the 17th day ot July, 18G1, which resolution is m
the wouh and figures following:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to infonn the Senate what contracts have
h?en made by his Department since the 4th of March, 1861,
giving the name and residence of the contractors, tiie ar-
ticle or thing contracted lor, the place where it was deliv-
ered, the sum paid lor its performance ordelivery, the date
and duiationot thecontiact,orwiiat military supplies have
been puichasod since that date, the price paid lor the same,
of whom and where purchased. Al&o what payments have
been made to troops called out by the proclamations of the
President since the 4th March, 1861; tiom what appropri-
ations such payments have been made, oi by authority ot
what laws the warrants have been paid ; whcthei any, and
what, bounties have been paid to voluntcei-, a^ named
above, for enlistment; if so, by authority ot what existing
law."
And wheroas the said resolution remains unanswered:
-Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of War be again directed
to answer the s-aul resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will lie over until
we make some inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution must lie over.
SUTLERS IN TIIE VOLUNTEER FORCES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 136) to provide for the appoint-
ment of sutlers in the volunteer service and define
their duties.
The firstamendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was in the seventeenth line of the first
section of the bill, to strike out " inspector gen-
cials" and insert u Adjutant General."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section provides that the inspector generals
of the Army shall constitute a board of officers,
whose duty it shall be to prepare immediately a
list or schedule of such articles as may be sold by
sutlers to tiie officers and soldiers of the volunteer
service, which list is to be subject, from time to
time, to such revision and change as, m the judg-
ment of the board, the good of the service may
require; but no intoxicating liquors are at any
time to be contained therein, or the sale of suth
liquors to be m anyway authorized by the boat d.
A copy of the list or schedule, and of any subse-
quent change therein, together with a copy of this
bill, are to be, without delay, furnished by the
board to the commanding officer of each brigade
and of each regiment not attached to any brigade
in the volunteer service, and also to the Adjutant
General of the Army.
The next amendment, which was in section
two, lines twelve and sixteen respectively, to strike
out " him" and insert " them," was agreed to.
The section provides that upon the receipt of
the list or schedule and a copy of the bill,.by the
commanding officer of any brigade, the acting
brigadier general, surgeon, quartermaster, and
commissary of the brigade shall constitute aboard
of officers, whose duty it shall be to affix a price
to each article in the schedule, which shall be by
them forthwith reported to the commanding officer
of the division to which the brigade is attached
for his approval, with or without modification,
and who shall, after such approval, report it to
the inspector generals, and the same, if not disap-
proved by them, shall be the price not exceeding
which the articles may be sold to the officers and
soldiers in that brigade. Whenever any brigade
shall not be attached to a division, the prices shall
be reported directly to the inspector generals, and
if approved by them, shall be the price fixed for
the brigade; and whenever any regiment shall be
unattached to any brigade, the acting colonel, lieu-
tenant colonel, major, and two senior captains
shall constitute the board of officers by whom the
price of the articles shall be fixed for the regiment.
The prices may be changed by the board from
time to time, not oftener than once in thirty days,
subject to approval as before provided.
The next amendment was, in the third section
to stnke out in lines seven and eight the words
"and if the same be not disapproved by the Sec-
retary of War;" in lino nine the words " com-
missioned as;" in line twelve the words " if not
disapproved by the Secretary of War as afore-
said;" in line thirteen the words " commissioned
as;" in line fifteen the woi ds " caused by the dis-
approval of the Secretary of War;" and in line
sixteen the word "other."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended, makes it the duty of
the commanding ofliccr of each brigade to cause
one sutler for each regiment in his brigade to be
selected by the commissioned officers of the regi-
ment, which selection is to be by Jlim reported to
the Adjutant General of the Army, and the per-
son so selected is to be commissioned as sole sutler
of the regiment. The commanding officer of each
unattached regiment is to cause a selection of a
sutler to be made for the regiment, who is to be
sole sutler of the regiment. Any vacancy in the
office of sutler is to'be filled in the same way as an
original appointment.
The next amendment was agreed to; which was
to strike out m line two, of section four, the words
" and commissioned," and insert " only" in the
fourth line.
The section provides that sutlers chosen in the
manner prescribed shall each be authorized to sell
to the officers and soldiers of the regiment for
which he has been chosen only the articles desig-
nated in the list or schedule provided for in the
act, and none others, and at prices not exceeding
those affixed. He is to keep the list or schedule,
together with a copy of the act, fairly written or
printed, posted up in some conspicuous part of
the place where he makes his sales, and where
the same can be easily read by any person to whom
he makes sales.
The fifth section makes it the duty of the in-
spector generals to cause the place of sale, and the
articles kept for that purpose by the sutlers, to be
inspected fiom time to time, once in fifteen days
at least, by some competent officer, specially de-
tailed for that duty; and such changes m the place,
or in the quality and character of the articles men-
tioned in the list or schedule, as shall be required
by the officer, shall be conformed to by each
sutler.
The next amendment was to strike out the sixth
section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there shall be no
sutlei appointed foi, or permitted to sell to, oi trade with,
the- officer or ^oldiei* of any lesnment in the volunteer ser-
vice e\ocpt such a- shall be fleeted and commissioned in
j conlbumtv with the provisions ot this act.
| And, in lieu thereof, to insert:
t Sec. 6. And be it further enactcd. That no pei>on shall
j pcnniUed t<> net as >-ut!ei mile-* appointed according to
I theproviMon.- of tins act; nor thai! any peison he sutler for
I more than one leguuent; nor .shall any sutlet laun out oi
j underlet the business oi suthtig or the privileges granted to
j him by Ins appointment; nor shah any officer of the Army
I receive from any sutler any money, or other presents; and
any officer receiving such present?, directly or. indirectly,
shall be dwmissed from the service. No sutler shall sell to
an enlisted man oil creditto a siirn exceeding:otic fourth of
his monthly pay within the same month j norehail the reg-
imental quamnmtte-tcrs allow the use'Of- Army wagons for
sutlers' purposes, nor shall the quarf.ermasteri.' .conveyances
be used for the transportation of.sutlers'suppHes; PrcfpUcJ%
That nothing herein contained shall" be so construed'&s lo
give sutlers a Hen upon any part of the soldier's pay.-
Mr. KING. We abolished the'otheV day the-
lien of the sutler on the pay of the soldier. In my'
opinion this language, which authorizes thesuK
Icr to sell on credit to the soldier to the amount of
one fourth of his pay, impliedly constitutes a sort
of lien. I am therefore opposed to the insertion
of any such words, although the section says'that
it shall not constitute a lien. If it is not to ben.
lien, what is the use of the language 1 have men-
tioned ?
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in sec-
tion seven, line five, the words " belonging to him
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section provides that any sutler who shall
violate any of the provisions of the act, shall, upon
conviction, be dismissed from the service and be
ineligible to a reappointment, and shall forfeit all
goods, chattels, and effects found*within the lines
*of the Army at the time of the violation, one half
to the use of the United States and the other half
to the use of the person or persons who shall fur-
nish such evidence as shall lead to a conviction
for any such violation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause, and insert
as a substitute; ' '
That fiom and after the 1st day of February, 1862, the
position of regimental and brigade sutlers shall be abolished
m the Army of the United States, regular and volunteer
forces.
I desire to state merely that there is but one arti-
cle (tobacco) furnished by a sutler that is not, in
my experience, an injury to the service; and I w'iil
name some of the articles. The principal article
they sell in the way of provisions to the soldier is
sardines. A soldier who has been in the habit of
wearing light boots throws away his Army boots
or shoes that he should wear, and purchases from
the sutler light boots; directly, he is barefooted
and disabled from marching. Ifou may guard this
bill as much as the Military Committee can guard
it, I do not care what penalty you affix, the com-
pany wagons will be loaded up with sutlers3 stores;
they will make an arrangement with the men to
interlope their goods into company wagons un-
known to any of the officers of the command. I
h§re state that the office of regimental and brigade
sutler is unnecessary to the service; there is noth-
ing that the service requires but can be furnished
and is furnished by the quartermaster and com-
missary of the regiment and brigade. If you send
a sutler along and guard him as you may>he will
sell spirituous liquors to the soldier and to the
ofliccr; and the more guards you throw around
him, the more liquor will be drank. That is my
experience. Your soldiers become intoxicated,
your officers become intoxicated,and it is almost
impossible to trace it; we know that it comes from
the sutler, but cannot fix the guilt upon him. He
is, I repeat again, an actual injury to the service.
There may be a post sutler, under command of
an officer ata permanent post, who may be watched
every moment and may be made useful; but a regi-
mental or brigade sutler in the field is an actual
injury to the service.
Mr, WILSON. When I moved in this matter
early in the session, my object was to abolish sut-
lers and to substitute therefor other persons. In
other words, my intention was to adopt a system
like that we have in the Navy. I examined the
subject m every form; I consulted with the Quar-
termaster General of the Army, with the Commis-
sary General, with the Inspector General, with
general officers in the field, and other persons, men
who desired to correct the great abuses that had
grown up under this system, I found difficulties,
although I do not think it impossible to do it. I
found difficulties in applying to the volunteer
forccs of the country in the field the system now
adopted so successfully in the Navy of the United
States. After consultation with others, with gen-
tlemen of large experience, with men who had
been incctmpsin the field for years* with men who
