1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Price were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment,
as amended, was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 55, noes 40.
Mr. F. A. CONICLINGr. I move to strike out
the entire section as it has been amended.
Mr. HARDING. I move that in lieu of what
is proposed to be stricken out, there be inserted
the section as it originally stood. Then we will
have this whole matter clear again.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to apointoforder.
The section as it now is in the bill cannot be in-
terfered with, as it has been passed upon by the
committee. I make the point of order that the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky is notin
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Rhode Island. The section as it was stricken out
and substituted by the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York had been amended,and the
proposition now is to insert the section as it ori-
ginally stood in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I hope that the
section will be stricken out as it now stands. It
provides that tin: assessor or the collector may go
into any manufactory and make a personal ex-
amination. If the party who owns any manu-
factory may want to evade such visits, he may
conic forward with a statement, an evasive state-
ment, and pay over the money. No question cau
be raised on that statement.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Nor is there
any piovision for its being sworn to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. There is no pro-
vision for its being sworn to. If the assessor is
disposed to, he can receive the statement unsworn
to. Any person who desires to, may evade an
answer by resorting to the trick which the section
now permits. The whole section is wrong, wrong
m theory and wrong in practice, and I hope that
it will be stricken out.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana. I move to strike
out the last word of the amendment. The eight-
ieth and the eighty-first sections provide that the
tax upon railroad companies and these other cor-
porations shall be paid by the pai ties who receive
the dividends. In that way we will be enabled to
receive a large part of our revenue in this regard
from those in Europe who are large holders of
these securities. But it is utterly impracticable
to execute this section as it has now been amended.
It cannot be done. The eightieth and eighty-first
sections will stand perfectly if this section be
stricken out, and I hope that the motion of the
gentleman from New York will prevail. It will
save to the Government five per cent. Itwillthen
provide that the parties shall account directly to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. FRANK. It will be time enough to dis-
cuss the eightieth and eighty-first sections when
we reach them.
The question was taken on Mr. F. A. Conk-
lin'g's motion, and it was agiced to; theie being,
on a division—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
Mr. Harding's amendment was then agreed to.
The thirty-ninth section was lead, as follows:
Sec. 39. Jhul be itfuither enacted, That f-hould an\ of the
pooph; of any oi the States or Teniioru1* of the United
State.?, <>r the Di^tnct of' Columbia, be in actual lebdliou
against the auihoj ity ot the Government of the United States
at the time this act eo ^ into operation,, s>o that the laws of
the United States cannot be executed theiem,itshall be the
duty of tli" Piesident, and he is heieby authouzed, to pio-
cced to execute the piovisions of this act within the Inn its
off-noil State or Temtniv.oi Distnet of Columbia, so ^oon
as tile auihotity ol the United States therein shall be rees-
tablished, and to collect the sums which would have been
due tioin'the persons ic^nling or holding piopeity, irood-?,
waies, oi meiehaiuii-e, obieet, or article tltesrm liable to
any dutvjieeiii-e, oi tax, wuh mtei est at the rate of si.v pei
cent, the!eon tiom the tune Mieh duty, licence. oi tax
ought to have been paid until paid in the mannei and undei
the i emulation's pi est nbed in this act, ?o lai a-> applicable,
and, wheie not applicable, the a^c.s-ment and levy shall
be made and the tunc am! manner of collection i emulated
b} the in-vti-uotiorih and dnecUons of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue,, under the dnection of the Secietary of
the Tieasury.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to stiikeout in the
fifth line the word "the," and insert the word
"any;" and after the word "time" insert the
word ki after;" so that it will read, " at any time
after this act goes into operation," &c. That
amendment will make the section provide for any
future contingency.
Mr. CLEMENTS. 1 do notthink that the loyal
citizens ought to be made liable to the. payment
of this six per cent., although it may be that the
rebels ought to be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move that the thirty-ninth
section shall be amended by adding the following
proviso:
Provided, That no loyal citizen shall be required to pay
this six per cent, for the non-payment of this tax.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not see how it is to be as-
certained whether a citizen is loyal or not. This
amendment will necessitate a court of inquiry in
every case, and I hope it will not pass, as I can
see no necessity for it. I do not think that it is
practicable.
Mr. HARRISON. I suggest that the language
of the amendment be " any loyal citizen of any
of the afoiesaid States and Territories in rebel-
lion."
Mr. CLEMENTS. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my own amendment.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to add the words
" who shall voluntarily pay said tax."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MENZIES. I should be glad to do any-
thing which could be done for the loyal citizens
of the States and Territories to which reference is
made. I do not, however, see that the section, if
amended as proposed, can be executed. I would
like veiy well, indeed I feel anxious to favor the
loyal citizens of the disloyal States, but it cannot
be done in this way. I think that they ought to
be satisfied with the use of the money. It is worth
six per cent, to them as well as to everybody else
in the country. I move to insert after the words
" per cent." " per annum."
The CHAIRMAN. Thcgentleman'samcnd-
ment is not in order, not being germane to the
pending amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words " all loyal citizens who can be as-
certained to have been loyal citizens."
Mr. Chairman, I move that amendment for the
purpose of making the scction more definite, if
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
is ndopted. This is to be applied to the States
and Territories after the rebellion has been sup-
pressed and passed away. If I were to adopt the
line of remark which sometimes characterizes the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I should say
that when the rebellion is suppressed it would be
hard to find any who had not been loyal all of the
time. When the question of taxation comes up,
every man will profess to have been loyal. Who,
then, will decide who shall be exempt from this
six per cent, and who shall not? It seems to me,
theiufore, that the rule, although a very good one
if it could be applied, is too indefinite for applica-
tion. [ withdiaw my amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Clements was
not agreed to.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words " per cent.," in the fourteenth
line, the words " per annum." I think the per-
centage should be paid every year the tax is with-
held.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fortieth section was read, as follows:
*/hul l-c it further cnnctrd, That the officers who mav be
appointed under tins act shall be, and hereby arc, author-
ized to perform all the. duties relating to oi legaidnnr the
assessment and collection of the direct tax imposed by an
act entitled "An act to ptovnle ineiea^ed revenue ftoin im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and foi other pin-
poses.15 appioved Auuu^t«" , oi any dnect tax which
may be huieaftoi enact# d.
Mr. HOOPER. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in as a proviso at the end of the
section:
J'roiidal, That the sum of $19,312, direct tax, laid upon
the Teiutoi} of Nebraska In said act shall be paid and bat-
is-fie d bv deducting ^aid amount ftom the appiopuation for
legislative expenses of said Temtoiy of Nebraska for the
year ending 30th of June, 1863, and no fuither chum shall
be mad-1 by said Teintoiy tor legislative expenses lor said
yeai.
Gentlemen will remember that in the legislative
and executive appropriation bill $20,000 vvas ap-
propriated for the legislative expenses of Nebraska
Territory, and this amendment proposes to de-
duct the direct tax from that appropriation by the
consentand request of the Delegate from that Ter-
ritory.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts why he should not-
extend the same principle to all the other Terri-
tories and to all States which have elaims against
the Government?
Mr. HOOPER. The reason the .committee have
not done the same thing in reference to, other Ter-*
ritories is that they were not requested to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will state that I think there
is great justice in the proposition submitted by the-
gentleman from Massachusetts. If I understand
the matter, there is an appropriation of $20,000 to
enable that Territory to defray the expenses of
her Legislature and the codification of the laws of
that Territory. I understand from the gentleman
from Nebraska that the affairs of the Territory
are in such a condition that it is almost impossi-
ble to pay those taxes, and 
Mr. STEVENS. The provision in relation to
the codification of laws applied to New Mexico
and not to Nebraska. This amendment was of-
fered at the request of the Delegate from Nebraska.
Mr. MALtiORY. Iam supporting the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAILY. There is now an appropriation
of $20,000 for that Territory. It is contained in
the regular appropriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I so understand, and I un-
derstand this to be a proposition by the Delegate
from that Territory, to remit that appropriation
in case the Territory is relieved from this tax of
nineteen thousand and odd dollars. The propo-
sition involves an actual saving to the Govern-
ment of some &700. The Territory is willing to
dispense with the appropriation which is usually
made by Congress to defray her legislative ex-
penses, if we will relieve her people to the extent
of this tax. I see no reason why Congress should
not consent to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that instead
of applying this principle to only one Territory,
it should be applied to all.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know that the other
Territories desire it. If they do, I suppose they
will move an amendment to attain that end. I am
for conferring benefits only on those who desire
them.
Mr. HOLMAN. This principle is common to
all theTerritonesof the country. I move to strike
out the particular Territoi y, and insert " Territo-
ries of the United States."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to tlie gentleman that the object would be accom-
plished by adding at the end of the words, " that
the same privilege be extended to the other Ter-
ritories of the United States."
Mr. HOLMAN. That will be satisfactory.
Mr. DAILY. I have a word to say in regard
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana. If the other Territories desire the ap-
plication of this measure to them, I have no ob-
jection; but the other Territoiies may be differ-
ently situated from the Territory of Nebraska.
For instance, other Territories may have no code
of laws, and therefore it may be necessary that
their Legislatures should meet. Our people are
poor, and hardly able to pay this direct tax of
$19,312, though we are willing to undergo any
hardships for the support of the Government.
We are in such a condition as to forego the meet-
ing of our Legislcituie, and thereby we save this
tax to our people. The appropriation has been
made this year, and none of it has been expended.
We therefore propose that $19,332 shall be de-
ducted out of this appropriation, and applied to the
payment of that tax, thereby saving that amount
to the Territory. There will then be enough of
the appropriation left to pay for the bare meeting
and adjournment of the Legislature.
Mr. WATTS. I would remaik in regard to
the Territory of New Mexico, that we have an
appropriation of $60,000 to complete our capitol
building. We have also an appropriation of
$35,000 for the construction of roads in New
Mexico. We would have been entitled to draw it
more than a year ago, but we have not done it,
on account of the embarrassed condition of the
Tieasury. It remains there, and has been used
by the Government. We desire to have it remain
there, and our people desire to be relieved from
the tax which is now being imposed upon them.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that this is a very
awkward way to get at this matter. If the other
Territories desire this same lelief, let them pre-
