2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Doolittle,
Grimes, Harlan, Lane of Kansas, Trumbull, and Wade—9.
So the motion was agreed to.
THE TAX BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 312) to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and pay interest on the pub-
lic debt is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and in accordance with parliamentary
practice it is the privilege and right of every mem-
ber that a proposition shall be read at length once
before action upon it; but the Chair will suggest,
as this is a very long bill, and will require some
four or five hours to read it entire, that the Senate
Eroceed to consider it section by section: a section
eing read, and the reading being suspended until
the Senate shall act upon such amendments to that
section as have been reported by the Committee
on Financc, and so on through the entire bill, so
that when the reading of the bill shall have been
completed, all the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance will also have been con-
sidered; and then the bill will be open to further
amendments, which may be proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and then by other committees
and by individual members;and if that course of
proceeding be agreeable to the Senate, it will be
followed. The first section of the bill will be read.
The Secretary read the first section of the bill,
as follows:
JBe it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmoica m Congress
tor the purpose of supermtendmgthe collection ot internal
duties, stamp duties*, licenses, or taxes imposed by this act,
or which maybe hereafter imposed, and of assessim? the
panic, an office is hereby created in the Treasury Depait-
mcnt to be ealied the office or the Commissioner offnteinal
Revenue ; and the President of the United States is hereby
authotized to nominate, and, with the advice and eoiwut
of the Senate, to appoint a < 'oinmi-.-ionei of Internal Rev-
enue, with an annual salai> of $5,0(K), who shall be chained,
and hereby is charged, under the diieetton of the Seereiaty
of the Treusiit), with preparing all the instructions, regu
liitions, diieetion-, foims, blanks, stamps ami licenses, and
distributing th<- .same, or any pan thcieof, and all other
matteis p'Mtaimng to the assesbiucnt and collection of the
duties, .stamp duties, licenses, ,iud M\e>, wlueli may be
neeessaiy to eairy this act into c/IW't, .ind with the geneial
stipeimtendenee of his otliee, as afoie-aid, and shall have
aurhoniy, and heieby is authorized and requited, to pio-
vide piopcr and sufficient stamp- oi dies lor e\piecing and
denoting the several -tump dutie^, oi the amount Iheicof
in the case of percentage duties, imposed by this act, and
to altei ami lenew or replace Mich stumps from tune to
time, as occasion shall lequire ; and the Secretaty of the
Treasmy may ;is<?ign to the office ol the Commissioner of
Internal Uevenue such number of clerks as he may deem
neecssaiy or the exigencies ot the public seiviee may re-
quire, and the puvilegc of franking nil letters and docu-
ments pei laining to the duties of his office, and of leeeiving
1'iee of postage all such letters and documents, is hereby
extended to said Commissioner.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose to amend this section, in
the eleventh and twelfth lines, by striking out
"$5,000," ami insetting in the place thereof
" $3,500," so that, if amended according to the
proposition of the committee, it will read, " ap-
point a Commissioner of !nternal Revenue with
an annual salary of $3,500," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No other
amendment being proposed to this section by the
Committee on Finance, the next section will be
read.
The Secretary read the second section, as fol-
lows:
Src. 2 jlrul be it further enacted, That, for the piu pose of
assessing, levung, and collecting the duties or taxes here-
inafter pre-eubed by this act, the President of the United
States be, nnd he is heieby, authouzed to dmde, respect-
ively, the States and Tetritoucs of the United States and
the District of Columbia into convenient collection di-ti lets,
and to nominate, and, hy and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint, an assessor and a eolleetoi for each
such disti let, who shall la; i esideiil- within tlie same : P)o~
ruled, Thatanvofsaid States and Teiritoii 's,ai)d tho ni-
tric! of Columbia, may, if I he President shall deem it pioper,
be erected into and included in one district: Provided* That
the number of districts in any State shall not evceed the
number ot Representatives in Congiess to which such State
shall be entitled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose to amend the latter pro-
viso of this section, in the fourteenth and fifteenth
lines, by stnkingout the words " in Confess"
in the fourteenth line, and inserting in the fifteenth
line, at the end of the section, the words " in the
1 hirty-Eighth Congress;" so that, if amended ac-
cording to this proposition, tho proviso will read:
Provided, That the number of districts in any St^te shall
not exceed the number of Representatives to which such
State shall be entitled in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest a verbal amend-
menttothatscction. Thercare twoprovisoes; and
unless the latter one is amended so as to read " and
provided further," instead of " provided," ns it
now stands, it might be considered that the latter
one was a proviso to a proviso. Let the second
proviso, in the twelfth line, commence "and pro-
vided further."
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thatisa verbal
amendment; and it will be made, if there be no
objection.
'.There being no objection, the amendment was
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The third sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That each of the as-
sessor shall divide hisdistiict into a convenient numhei of
assessment district*, within each of which he shall appoint
one assistant assessor, who shall be lesident theiein ; and
each assessor and assistant assessor so appointed, nnd ac-
cepting the appointment, shall, before he enters on the du-
ties of ills; appointment, take and subscribe, befoic some
competent magisttate, or some collector, to be appointed
by this act, (who is heieby empoweied to administer the
same.) the following oath or affirmation, to wit: " I, A \\,
do swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I will bear
tine faith and allegiance to the United Slates of America,
and will support the Constitution theieof, and that f will,
to the bestot my knowledge,skill,and judgment,diligently
and laithfully execute the office and duties of assessor for,
(naming the assessment distuct,) without favor or paiti-
ality, and that I will do equal right and justice in every
ease m which f shall act as assessor " Ami a certificate of
such oath or affirmation shall be dehvciod to tho collector
of the distuct for winch such assessor or assistant assessoi
shall be appointed. And every a-sessoi or assistant assessor
acting in the said office without having taken the said oath
oi affiimation shall forfeit and pay.$101), one moiety thereof
to the use of the United States, and the othei moiety thereof
to him who shall fust sue toi the same, to be lecoveied,
with costs of suit, m any eouit having competent jurisdic-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose several amendments to
tins section. The fitst is to insert the wouls " sub-
ject lo such regulations and limitations as may be
imposed by the Commissioner of Internal Uev-
enue," in the third and fouith lines; so that the
clause will lend:
That each of the as,ossois shall divide his district into a
convenient number of assessment distnets, subject to Mich
legulations and limitations as may be imposed by the Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is proposed
by the committee to insert m the tenth line the
words " by virtue of;" so as to read:
Befoie he enters on the duties of his appointment, take,
and subscribe, before some competent magistiate, or some
collector, to be appointed by virtue of this act, Stc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the twenty-
seventh and twenty-eighth lines it is proposed to
strike out the words " to be recovered" and " in
any court having competent jurisdiction;" so that
the clause will read:
And eveiy assessor or assistant assessor acting in the^aid
office without havmgt.iken thesaid oath oraffirmation shall
forfeit and pay $100, one moiety theieof to the use of the
United Stales, and the other moiety theieof to hun who
shall nist sue (or the same, with costs ot suit.
This is a mere change of phraseology without
change of meaning.
The amendment v/as agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Section four
will bo read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Hec. 4. Jlnd be it fuitkcr cnactcd, That befoic any sueh
collector shall enter upon the duties of his office, he shall
execute a bond foi such amount as shall be piescubed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, undci the direc-
tion ot the Secretary of tiie Treasuiy, with MiiotiOb to be
approved as sufficient hv the Soliettoiof the Tie;isurv, con-
taining the condition that said collector shall faithfully per-
form the duties of his office accoiding to law, and shall
justly and faithful!) account foi and pnj over to the United
States, in compliance with the ordei or regulation* of the
Sccietaiy of the Treasury, all public moneys which may
eome into his hands or possession ; which "bond shall be
filed in the office ot the Fust Comptiolier of the Treasury,
to be by htm directed to be put m suit upon any breach of
the condition thereof. And such coilectois shall.fiom nine
to time, icnew.sti em/then, and increase their official bonds,
as the Seeretaty of the Tieasuty may dncet.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose to amend this section by
inserting the following words, before the last sen-
tence of the section:
And an attested copy of any such bond shall forthwith,
after the same shall have been approved as aforesaid, be
transmitted to the district attorney of the district within
which the collector named therein resides, who shall there-
upon proeuie the same to be recoided in the registry of
deeds in which conveyances of lands in the township
within which said collector icsidcs are by law to be re-
corded,
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, can thisamend-
ment be amended after it has been adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot then
be amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that he requires these
bonds to be " recorded in the registry of deeds in
which conveyances of lands in the township within
which said collector resides are by law to be re-
corded." In many of the States there are no such
records in townships. It is so in New England, I
believe,butnotelsewhere, ltshouldbe " county,"
and not "township."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that it does not provide that the bond shall be reg-
istered in the township, but it shall be " recorded
in the registry of deeds in which conveyances of
lands in the township within which said collector
tesides are by law to be recorded." Take the
State of New Hampshire: there the records of
deeds are kept in each town.
Mr. CLARK. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It used to be so.
Mr CLARK. No. The records are for the
county.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so in Vermont, at any
rate. I was mistaken in regatd to New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. FOSTER. It is so in Connecticut.
Mr. ANTHONY. And in Rhode Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The idea of the commit-
tee in drawing the amendment was to make it
general enough to require that these bonds should
be recorded wherever the deeds of land in the
township where the collector resided are required
by law to be recorded. It would not do to say
" county," because sometimes the register of
deeds is not kept by counties, but by towns, as in
Connecticut; and it is suggested to me by the
honorable Senator
that " towns
are no townships in some States,
Mr. SCJMNER. Theie are none in "Virginia.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are none south of
heie at all.
Mr. SUMNER. They speak of such a(< court-
house."
Mr. GRIMES. It ought to be in the alterna-
tive, " township or county."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Half the counties in my
State are organized as counties merely, and are
not divided into townships.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not use a general term
such as "locality?" That would cover it.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. Let it read, " m the city,
township, county, or precinct, as the case may
be."
Mr. SPIERMAN. " Municipal corporation"
would cover it. A county is a municipal corpo-
ration; so is a township; so is a city.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment read:
" who shall thereupon procure the same to be re-
corded in the registry of deeds in which convey-
ances of lands m the county, city, precinct, or
township, as the case may be, within which said
collector resides, ore by law to be recorded."
Mr. FOSTER. There are no counties in South
Cavohnn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are precincts, I
suppose.
Mr. FOSTER. Districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I will put in ({ dis-
tricts." The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Pow-
ell] also sus^ests " parishes."
Mr, GRIMES. Yes, in Louisiana they have
patishes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may as well explain
now the meaning of this proposition, as it is a
very important matter, and the Senate should
understand it 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the amendment to the amendment to be
stated, so as to be fully before the Senate. It is
proposed so to amend the amendmentas to make
the latter clause of it read:
■\Viio shall thereupon proeuie the same to be lecorded
in the loci-trv ot deed-* m which conveyances of lands in
tiie county, city, parish, township, or district, as tiie case
may be, with in which said colicetor resides, fitc.
le Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
wnship" may not cover it, because there
