272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
had served fifteen, twenty, and twenty-five years
in the Army, who understood the whole subject,
I prepared this bill now before the Senate. The
bill provides that the inspector generals of the
Army shall designate the articles that sutlers may
sell, and that they can sell those articles and none
otheis; and if they sell any others they forfeit
their placcs, and their goods within the lines are
confiscated—one half to the United States, and the
other half to the persons furnishing the evidence.
Then the bill provides for fixing the prices at
which these articles may be sold. In my judg-
ment, the bill in all its parls is well guarded. I
have no doubt that its adoption will reduce to
order the confusion now existing; that it will cor-
rect the enormous abuses now practiced in the
Army, 1 ti the volunteer forces especially.
I tiust that this bill will teceivc the general, I
hope the ufiantmous, support of the Senate. I
believe that it will do an infinite amount of good
to the soldiers and their families. In moving in
this matter I have had no ill-will against any class
of men; but jn all my life, from childhood to this
hour, 1 have never received such abuse as I have
for my action in tins matter. I have received
anonymous notes, threatening violence. I have
received taunting, defying, slanderous, libelous
communications. All I have to say is that I am,,
wholly governed by public considerations. I
speak what I know, and, so far as it depends
upon mo, I mean to cut up this abuse, root and
branch, if I can; and I believe the passage of this
bill, with the officers who are now inspector gen-
erals of the Army, and who know and who feel
these abuses, will cut up three fourths of all this
traffic that is carried on to the injury of the sol-
diers and almost to the ruin of their families.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator ft om Massachusetts if he believes that
with any penalties he can affix he can compel the
sutlers to dispense with selling to the soldiers
spiiituous liquors? Now, I desire to give him a
case. I had a regiment surrounded by sentinels,
(we were camped upon a river — on the Rio
Grande,) the object being to keep spiiituous
liquors* out of the camp, and yet whisky was
brought into that regiment by sutlers, marked
€* medical stores." I had published an order that
the sutler who sold liquor to my men should die,
und yet, under the guise of medical stores, they
brought that liquor into the camp in the face of that
order. The only way, I say to Senators, that you
ran keep spirituous liquors out of an army is by
keeping sutlers out of the army. This is the first
time I ever heard the Senator from Massachusetts
charged with kissing the hand that smote him.
lie says here that he has been threatened and
abused by these men. That very threatening and
abuse should induce him to strike down the evil
that I know is demoralizing the Army of the
United States. Put around you penalties, and I
repeat that the more penalties you affix the more
whisky you will have drank.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no doubt that there
have been gross abuses in this business; and so
far as I know,there is not a business under heaven
that is not subject to abuse. I believe that the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts is designed to
and will correct these abuses. There are hundreds
of men engaged in this business under the laws
as they exist, and they are not all corrupt or dis-
honest. There are many highly honorable, re-
spectable, and honest men among them; and al-
though some may have struck at the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and threatened
him, they constitute but a very small portion of
this body of men; and I for one am unwilling that
hundreds of men who have come into this service
under the laws of the land, and who have em-
barked all their means in this business, should be
destroyed with one fell blow.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My amendment pro-
vides that it shall not take effect until the 1st of
February, to give these gentlemen the opportu-
nity of disposing of the goods they have on hand.
It was framed for that purpose, so that there might
be no trouble.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that the ex-
isting regulations of the Army require the goods
of a sutler to be appraised by a board, as provided
in this bill, and yet I venture the assertion that
there is not one case in a hundred where that rule
is enforced. Now, 1 should like to know from the
chairman of the Military Committee whatguai-
antee we have that that rule will be any better en-
forced under this bill than it has been under the
old law. The real facts are, that our Army is so
vast now,and the opportunity of making so much
money is presented by this very trade with the
soldiers, that a laige number of our officers tire
actually interested with the sutlers. This is the
truth; and this danger and difficulty will be just as
strong under this bill as it was under the old law.
I can cite an instance that has come to my own
knowledge. I have good reason to believe that a
certain colonel, while he was in command of his
regiment, was interested with the sutler. He
allowed him to bring in liquor, and sell it to the
soldiers. When a new colonel was appointed, by
some change in the arrangements, the new colonel
enforced the Army regulations; had the goods all
appraised, which never had been done before;and
had some two or three hundred bottles of whisky
brought out and broken. If we could have such
officers, officers who would enforce the laws,and
see that the}' are faithfully executed, I should will-
ingly vote for this bill; but, sir, 1 have no faith
that it can be done.
1 do not exactly join with the Senator from
New Jersey in extending so much sympathy to
these poor men who have thus invested their all.
Why, sir, most of these sutlers have but very few
goods on hand at any one time; and, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas has said, the articles that they
deal in are sardines, pickles, and things that the
soldiers do not need, but which are an actual in-
jury to them.
I am opposed to the whole thing. I do not see
why a privilege should be given to a particular
class to ennch themselves over all the rest of the
people out of the soldiers, and therefore I am in
favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Minnesota
says that there is a board of administration under
the present law. In the regular service there is no
great difficulty in having that law carried out. In
the volunteer service it is not carried out in one
fourth of the regiments; and further, of the two
hundred and five regiments of the army of the
Potomac, liquor is sold in one hundred and forty-
one. By existing laws the sutlers may take into
the lines with the exception of liquors—that is
really forbidden—any sort of articles, and the re-
sult is that they take m a huge number of articles.
I have seen lists of more than one hundred differ-
ent articles. Now, this bill provides that the in-
spector generals of the Army shall make out a list
of the articles that they believe the good of the
country and the good of the soldier permits to be
sold by the sutlers, and that nothing else shall be
sold by them. I believe that that list will not con-
tain one fifth part, I doubt whether it will contain
one tenth part, of the articles now sold by sutlers,
because the great mass of those articles are not
necessary. You have got the security that they
cannot sell anything else without losing their
places.
Then it is provided, not that a colonel or a lieu-
tenantcolonel,oroneor two men who may he inter-
ested, shall fix the prices; but that in all bodies of
men who are brigaded, the brigadier general, the
brigade surgeon, the quartermaster, and the com-
missary shall fix the prices, and shall report them
to the general of division for his approval, and then
they go to the inspector generals of the Army for
their appioval. They can correct them if they
arc too high, and a sutler cannot sell these arti-
cles for any higher prices without forfeiting his
place and forfeiting his goods.
Then, sir, an inspection of the sutlers' tents and
articles is provided for every fifteen days. It is
made the duty of the inspector geneials of the
Army to see that it is done, and to cause it to be
done. You have that additional security.
So much for the bill as it stands. Now, sir,
Senators have alluded to the interestthat men may
have in these places. On that point let me state
a fact. I offered a resolution a few days ago call-
ing for information in regard to the appointment
of a brigade sutler for the Sickles brigade. Last
Sabbath day a sutler came to me and showed me
his written contract, and the fact is that in five
regiments of that brigade the sutlers agree to pay
$!&>0 per month to a man who has been appointed
brigade sutler, and who furnishes neither goods
nor money.
Mr. NESMITH. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts permit me to ask who appointed that
brigade sutler ?
Mr. WILSON. The Secretary of War sent a
report here this morningon that subject; I did not
pay much attention to the reading of it; but I un-
derstand that the report stated that it was recom-
mended by General Sickles, and assented to by
the Secretary of War. I understand that a brigade
sutler has been appointed to Burnside's expedi-
tion, and one was appointed to Sherman's expe-
dition down the coast. Seymour, the sutler of
the Sickles brigade, is making $20,000 a year out
of the regimental sutlers, and furnishing no capital
at all and no supplies of any kind. I am told, and
have no doubt of the fact, that another person is
sutler for seven regiments, and that the profits of
that place are worth $70,000 a year. The New
York Herald has had standing advertisements of
persons offering money for sutlerships. The fact
is beyond dispute, that persons have received
sealed proposals for these places. I received a
letter yesterday giving the names of parties to a
certain transaction, in which a man made a bargain
to be sutler of a regiment for $2,000, paid $1,800
of it, and when he went to pay the other §200, it
was refused, and his money was given back to
him, on the ground that another party was willing
to give $5,000 for the place.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him to give the names of those parties? I
suppose the communication was not confidential,
or he would not allude to it.
Mr. WILSON. It was not confidential; but it
will do no good to have the names stated here.
Mr. POWELL. I should like exceedingly to
have the names.
Mr. WILSON. I dare say the Senator would
like to see the names of the parties, and I will
place the letter in his hands. But it will do no
good to put them upon the record.
I have from officers of the Army facts and dates
that, for the credit of this country, I would not
put upon record; but I say here to-day, on the best
and most careful estimates I can make, that the
sutlers' sales in the army of the Potomac exceed
the rate of $10,000,000 a yeai; and that the profits
of this business m that army are more than one
half the sales. I have had men come to me and
say defiantly, " I have got thousands invested m
goods for sutlers, and you cannot pass your bill
through Congress." 1 have never met, in any-
thing I undeitook to deal with, so much of per-
sonal abuse, misrepresentation, and coarse, un-
qualified si \nder. But, sir, I kiss nobody's hands,
whether they strike me or not.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Excepttheladies. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILSON. Sir, I will not deny that.
[Laughter.] But, sir, I kiss no hands that strike;
and I would vote for the motion of the Senator
from Kansas if I thought it would be for the best
interest of this Army and of the country; but I
believe that unless you substitute some other sys-
tem, something like what you have in the Navy
for the present system, you will find great diffi-
culty.
I am confidentthatninety-nineoutofahundred
of the soldiers are for this measure, and for us in
this movement; the officers arc generally with us,
and I believe the sentiment of the country ap-
proaches unanimity on this subject. For the good
of the soldier, for the efficiency of the service, for
the benefit of thousands of families scattered over
the country, who are suffering because fathers
spend their money, in some cases all their earn-
ings, at sutlers'tents, I have prepared this bill. I
went to the office of the Paymaster General the
other day, and I found that in several cases, out of
two months' pay, the sutler had taken nineteen
dollars of the twenty-six. I stated this fact to
an officer of the Army. 44 Why," said he, " in
my regiment there are cases where the soldier ran
in debt over thnty dollars, when he received but
twenty-six for his two months,and he was brought
in debt to the sutler four or five dollars." We
provide in this bill that the sutler shall not trust
the soldier more than one fourth of his month'.*
pay, more than one fourth of thirteen dollars, and
if he does, he forfeits his place, and his goods may
be confiscated.
I hope the Senator from Kansas will abandon
his proposition, not because it would not gratify
my feelings to pass it, though I have no ill-will
towaids these men. I have no doubt that many of
