1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
admit that it has been—it was because that inter-
est has had too much power and too much control
in the legislation of the country. Exceptions were
made in favor of that particular species of prop-
erty that could not have been made in favor of any
other. Hut I trust that now legislation of a more
general character is to prevail. If gentleman from
the States where this particular kind of property
is held- 
Mr. MALLORY. If it be property. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDWARDS. Choose to have the assess-
ments made upon this species of property, let it
be so. They can assume this portion of the tax,
and lay it on whatever sort of property they
choose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The State has done it.
Mr. EDWARDS. What State has done it?
Mr. MALLORY. Kentucky has.
Mr. EDWARDS. Kentucky is not the only
State south of Mason and Dixon's line that is af-
fected by it. There are other States affected. The
State of Kentucky has done this, and, therefore,
so far as she is concerned, there is no necessity
for this. Bat the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Wickliffe] acts from larger motives than regard
for his own State. He represents the whole in-
teiests of the South, and has therefore introduced
this amendment for the purpose of aiding those
who are not immediately interested in our legis-
lation. I trust that the bill will not be marred by
making an exception between one kind of prop-
erty and another kind. If we do it, we shall have
to pass amendment after amendment, and to pro-
vide that the stock, the hay, the grain, and every
description of property—if you choose to regard
it as such—shall be connected with the land in
laying direct taxes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move a pro/oma amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe.] 1 do this, Mr.
Chairman, for the simple purpose of denying and
controverting the assertion of the gentleman from
Kentucky. 1 know that there is an effort being
made, and that it has been made for the last quar-
ter of a century, to palm off on this country a
Constitution which the fathers never made—a tia-
ditionary Constitution—which is made of none
effect through the perversion of slaveholders and
their advocates, so that the real, genuine Consti-
tution which the fathers made bears no more re-
lation to this traditionary one which is attempted
to be palmed off on the country than the genuine
word of God did to the traditions of the elders.
"They had made the word God of none effect
through their traditions." They had substituted
their traditions m such a way for the original rev-
elation that they absolved a man from all filial
obligations of supporting his parents by some
theological trick, saying that " it was a gift."
Now, I deny directly, and in the teeth and face
and eyes, the assertion that this Government has
ever recognized property in man. It never has,
and I trust in God it never will. When a Chris-
tian nation, based on the immortal principles of
the Declaration of Independence, descends so far,
and is so blinded and so bedeviled, as not to know
a human being; from a brute, then it ought to be
dissolved and destroyed. But I call attention to
the fact that when the discussions were being had
on the Constitution, and when it was proposed
to put in the words "slave" and k' slavery," the
proposition was rejected; and Mr. Madison de-
clares, pointedly and directly, that it was rejected
because they would not recognize the idea of prop-
erty m human beings. Ever sinee the Govern-
ment was organized, its uniform and uninterrupted
practice has been not to recognize property in
human beings.
There is a constant and persistent attempt on
the part of slaveholders and then- advocates to
set up a certain falsehood. I mean by that, an
eironeous statement and construction of the Con-
stitution and of the action of the Federal Govern-
ment, till the public mind has become saturated
with this virus of pro-slavervism, and believes
that to be tiue which never was true. It is through
that persistence in false statements and declara-
tions spread ail over the country that this gener-
ation lias been educated into the belief that slavery
has some sanction, some guarantee, some pro-
tection, some defense, in the Constitution of the
Government, while, in fact, it has none. If the
Constitution were honestly administered, in its
direct and indirect influence it would destroy this
system of slavery, and would have destroyed it
long ago. Everybody knows, who knows the
cotemporaneous history of the Constitution, who
has not been blinded and led astray by the influ-
ence of holding slaves, that the universal belief,
North and South, East and West, the univer-
sal expectation at the time the Constitution was
adopted, was that the section prohibiting the slave
trade had destroyed slavery, and that it would,
immediately, at no very remote period at any late,
die out, and cease to curse the country, insult hu-
manity, and pollute the earth.
[Hcie the hammer fell.]
Mr. MENZIES obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish the gentleman from
Kentucky would allow me simply to say that I
do not want to be charged with introducing this
ne^ro question at this time.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to say just a
word.
Mr. MENZIES. I cannot yield just at this
moment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will not take up my
colleague's time, but I wish to say that I do not
know how it is, but I hear that, at a meeting of
an association of blacks in the city, some member
of Congress attended, and edified them with about
such a speech as we have heard here to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide
that this discussion is out of order. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Menzies] is entitled lo
the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope I shall be permitted
to say that I think it very likely; for I have, during
this session, twice addressed an assembly of col-
ored people, and I said nothing to them which I
would not say in this House. I told them they
had just as much light to hang their masters as
their masters had to hang them; just as much right
to whip their masters as their masters had to whip
them; just as much i ight to sell their masters' chil-
dren as their masters had to sell theirs. I am, I
presume, the member of Congress alluded to by
the gentleman, and had, I think, a larger majority
than all the votes m the gentleman's district.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is not in order, unless tin; gentleman from
Kentucky yields to him.
Mr. MENZIES. No, sir; I do not yield. I
have risen not to participate in this discussion
which has just taken place. Nor do I rise for the
purpose of expressing my approbation of the just
positions taken by my colleague, nor of dissent-
ing to the positions taken by the gentleman from
Illinois. I rose for the purpose of saying that I
do not think the amendment proposed by my col-
league is a judicious on<', or at all needed at this
time. We have the option, under the act of Au-
gust last, of assuming this direct tax, which our
Srato has indicated she intends to do; and she has,
therefore, the right of laying as much tax upon
this species of pioperty, if it be property, [laugh-
ter,] as ought to be levied upon it. I think, there-
fore, as the gentleman from New Hampshite [Mr.
Edwards] has very justly suggested, that this
proposition mars the symmetry of the bill, and
that it can sci ve no good purpose, as all the States
have assumed—or we have the right to believe
; they will assume—this direct tax and collect it
I m their own way. Kentucky can collect her tax
| upon this property—which I have no doubt is
i property, [laughter]—and when the owner comes
i up to pay the bills, he will certainly have no doubt
: about it; and when the Government of the United
i States receives the money collected from this spe-
' eies of property, they will have no doubt that it
I is property. [Laughter.]
j Mi. EDWARDS, l have no doubt that it is
! property in Kentucky.
\ Mr. MENZIES I do think that this proposition
j of my colleague is not called for at this time by
ounnterests. He must undeistand meas making
! no objection to the great truths he has announced.
| I do not do that; I merely 1 ose to say that I do not
i' think there isany necessity of incorporating them
j; into this bill.
j! The amendment offered by Mr. Loyejoy was
II disagreed to.
ii Mi. WICKLIFFE. I renew the amendment
i; offered bv the guHh-man from Illinois.
: j My colleague over the way says that Kentucky
tj is about to assume her quota of the direct tax. 1^
ll was aware of that fact. * was also fully aware ot
another fact, which is, that she will have to bor-
row the money to pay it. And I am also perfectly,
satisfied of another fact, that my colleague will find
that when she has paid this tax, she will be soon
called on to pay another, and that, if we do not
look to it, she will have to pay more in the end
than her income will justify.
Now, sir, in relation to my amendment* I have-
shown it to be in obedience to a fixed, settled,
universal, undisturbed practice of legislation of the
Congress of the United States, whenever a direct
tax has been levied, in the better days of the Re-
public. And, sir, I have moved the amendment
in justice to the people I represent, that if this
direct tax ever should be collected by the General
Government it may operate equally upon all.
But, sir, I will not go again over that question.
1 desire merely to answer the statement of the
gentleman from Illinois that the Government never
recognized this estate as property. Why, sir, the
judicial department of the United States, the ex-
ecutive department of the United States, the legis-
lative department of the United States, in all its
action, in all its intercourse with foreign nations,
has always taken the position that it was property
and should be treated by the law of nations as
property.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Not a moment. You can
come in when I come down. [Laughter.]
Sir, I have not time to discuss the question
whether the United States recognize the right of
property in human beings, but I will refer to a sin-
gle case. Take the case of the Creole. What was
the action of the United States in its controversy
with Great Britain in that case? The slaves on
board thatship rose in mutiny upon the high seas;
they murdered the officers, and the agent run the
ship into—Nassau I believe was the name of the
island—and turned them loose. This Government
claimed indemnity of the British Government for
these slaves thus set at liberty. Thatgreat states-
man of whom Massachusetts is proud, and of
whom the whole country is proud—Daniel Web-
ster, then Secretary of State—took the ground in
the negotiation which followed on that occasion,
that they were property; and this Government
did pay their owner their full value as property.
And so I could go over instance after instance
to the same end. But, sir, when I hear gentle-
men come here and declare that becausc the Dec-
laration of Independence says that all men were
born equal, the fathers of the country, the men
who made that Declaration did not recognize the
existence of property in this description of estate,
I must confess I am somewhat surprised.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. Mr. Chairman, I
have now the book before me, and if there is no
objection I will read the paragraph to which I
refened when I was before upi
" Mr. Madison thought it wrong to admit in the Consti-
tution the idea that there could be property in men."
I will simply add, without consuming my five
minutes, that in the case of the Creole, to which the
gentleman from Kentucky alluded, although the
Government, then virtually in the hands of slave-
holders, did make some attempt to obtain pay for
those slaves from the British Government, it was
not granted to them; and'I reiterate the statement
that the General Government has never recog-
nized the right of property in human beings. They
have simply let it alone in the States because the
Constitution, as they conceived, did notgive them
the power to interfere with it there. It lias been
simplv skulking behind the doctrine ofState sov-
ereignty. The sentiment of the Constitution is
that of Brougham, that—
'• White men despise fiaud and loathe rapine and abhor
blood, thev will reject with indignation the wild and guiity
phantasy that man can hold property in man."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
I rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
i section.
j The motion was agreed to.
| So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
! resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
; Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
i had, according to order, had the Union generally
j under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
ii and had come to no resolution thereon.
