274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. SUMNER. That must lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
Mr. RICE. I move an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a little bill on the
table that I think the Senate will pass now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. nri£ht, Browning, CurlUe, Collainer,
Cowan, Dtxon, Doolittle, Fessendon, Hale, Harris, Howe,
Johnson, King, Latham, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, lUce, Salisbury, Sherman, Thomson, Trumbull, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandlei, Davis, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
and Wade—lu.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 10, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, n>. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. fchockiun.
rhejournalofyesterday was read and approved.
BALL'S BLUFF DISASTER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Secretary of War:
War Department, January 9, I862.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the
resolution adopted by the House ot Representative*, on the
Gth instant, to the (fleet that the answer of this Department
to the lesolution adopted by the House on the second day
of the .se^ion "is not roponstve noi f.atisfactoiy to the
House, and that the Secretary be directed to return a 1'urther
answer."
In reply, I have respectfully to state that " m<" azures have
been taken to aseeitain who is le^ponsible for the disas-
trous movement of oui troops at Ball's Bluff;" but that it
is not deemed compatible with the public interest to make
known tho-^e mniMiri'S at the pie.scnt tune.
Veiy le^pectlul!},\oui obedient Movant,
SIMON CAMERON, Sccrctary of War.
Hon. ti.tMJSirt A. Grow,
Speaker House of Itpjn'csentatives.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, the com-
munication was referred to the joint select com-
mittee on the conduct of the war, and ordered to
be primed.
PRINTING- OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Superintendent of Public Printing in response to
a resolution of the House, making inquiry why
certain documents ordered to be printed by the
Thirty-Sixth Congress* have not been delivered to
the Superintendent of the Folding Room, suiting
that the printing was done by the printer of the two
Houses respectively during the superintendency
of his predecessor, but that the facts as he learns
from those who did the printing arc that the primed
sheets were delivered to the binders for the House,
who say that some of the signatures fell shoit of
the proper number, thus causing imperfect copies
which were not, therefore, bound to the extent
named in the statement of the Superintendent of
the Folding Room.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OK BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the bill, re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and j
Post Roads to abolish the franking privilege, on 1
which the previous question was demanded. !
Mi. WASHBURNE. is not that bill a repoi t i
from a committee? !
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. j
Mr. WASHBURNE. Friday is piivate bill I
day under the rules. |
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Illinois I
is right, i understand that the bill in relation to |
the franking privilege, being a public bill, goes
over until Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
This being private bill day, the regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports of a
private character. The bill in relation to the
franking privilege will come up whenever the
call of committees for general business shall be
resumed.
COMPENSATION AND EXl'JBNDITDRES.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That biffs reported from the commission on
compensation and expenditures, organized under the act of
July 31,1861, entitled " An act providing a commission to
examine and report as to the compensation of all officers
of the Government, and for other purposes," be placed on
the Calendar, subject to the same order of business us if
reported from a standing committee of the House.
DEBTS DUE TO LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. SPAULDING asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to oiganize
the United States tribunal to enforce by civil and
martial power the payment of debts and damages
due to loyal American citizens, and the restoration
and effects in certain cases arising out of the re-
bellion.
Mr. PENDLETON objected.
BREECII-LOADING CANNON.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the call of committees for reports of
a general nature.
MILITARY BURIAL PLACE.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read,consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
whether any legislation is necessary to secure a decent
place for the burial of those of our uoops who have died at
the hospitals iu Alexandria and m its vicinity, and report
hy bill or otheiwise.
ARMY PAYMASTERS.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and report to tills House how many pay-
masters there are now appointed in the Army of the United
States, how many are required by the soi vice of the Army,
and report a bill authorizing and inquiring that all paymas-
ters not absolutely necc^ary to the Army be dNmNsed
therefrom, under the advice of the Paymaster General.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest that the res-
olution lie so modified as to make it call on the Sec-
retary of War for the information required. The
Committee on Military Affairs have no knowledge
of the matter.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
troduction of the resolution ?
There was no objection; and the resolution was
received.
Mr. 110LMAN. On the 12th of Dccemberlast
a lesolution was adopted by the House on this
same subject. I desire to have it read by the Clei k.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" lla-olvrd, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the House a list of the paymasters and additional
pavmasteis now in the service of the United States, and of
all other pet sons connected with the paymaster';'depart-
ment, specifying the StatC3and Terntouc-5 from which they
have been lespcetively appointed, the amount of money dis-
bui<ed by each since the commencement ot the present war,
and for what purpose, and the amount of money now in
then hand* respectively or unaccounted for, and that he a No
be requested to state the salary and compensation of each
paymaster and additional paymaster per month, including
office rent, clerk lure, and ail other compensation and ex-
pense eharureable to the Government, except mileage, and
also the aveiago mileage of the paymasters per month, or
toi any otiiei definite pei iod, as may be the most convenient;
a No whether, in lus opinion, any of said officials can be
dispersed with."
Mr. HOLMAN. It is quite manifest that the
Committee on Military Affairs cannot aet intelli-
gently on this subject without the information
called for in the resolution just read. I would
therefore move that the Secretary of War be di-
rected to inform this House whether he hasreceived
a copy of that resolution, and, if so, why he has
not returned an earlier answer to it.
Mr. BLAKE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It requires some time
for the Department to getall tins information. The
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio does not
cover entirely the ground covered by that of the
gentleman from Indiana, and there will have to be
two replies instead of one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana is not
germane to that of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. My resolution was read for
the information of the House* and my suggestion
was that, in lieu of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the House whether or not the commu-
nication addressed to him by the House on the
12th of December, was received by his Depart-
ment, and the reason why an earlier answer has
not been returned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
when a gentleman introduces a resolution by con-
scntof the House, he cannot modify it afterwards
without consent of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the resolution go
to the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I withdraw my
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to say this: I under-
stand that there are a large number of paymasters
now in the service without any duties to perform,
and who are receiving pay from the Government.
I desire to reach these gentlemen, and have them
turned out of service. I understand, too, that
there are a large number of paymasters in the ser-
vice who are incompetent, ana I desire that they
shall be dismissed under the direction of the Pay-
master General. Those are the objects of my res-
olution.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Ohio and
myself are aiming at exactly the same object; and
I submit to him that the Committee on Military
Affairs cannot act intelligently on this subject until
the information asked for in my resolution shall
have been obtained. I therefore suggest to my
friend to withdraw his proposition, and allow my
motion to be adopted.
Mr. BLAKE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Indiana that if he desires to accomplish the same
purpose that I do, he should permit my resolution
to pass. The Committee on Military Affairs will
get the information from the War Department,
and then wc will be ready to act on it. I move
the previous question.
The pro-nous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the I-Iouse resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 154) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending the
30th of June, 1862; the pending question being
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] as follows:
For necc««ary expenses in carrying into effect the act of
May 26, 18f>U, in addition to the appropriation made by that
aet, $50,000 . Provided, That no poition of this appiopria-
tion '.hall he applied to the payment of claims now existing
against the United States under said act.
Mr. SARGENT. An appropriation of §56,000
was made in order to survey the boundary line
between California and the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. The particular object of that appro-
priation was to ascertain the boundary between
Nevada and Utah Teriitories and California. A
great deal of difficulty had arisen out of conflict-
ing claims of jurisdiction in our courts for the pur-
pose of taxation, voting, &c. A representation of
these matters having been made to Congress, this
appropriation wasmade, to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States,
who was to selectaproperperson to run and mark
the boundary line. I see by the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, submitted to the House,
and I know of my own knowledge that that ap-
propriation was scandalously wasted. Nothing
was done except to fix the initial point. The re-
sult is, that up to the present day the State of Cal-
ifornia is laboring under all the difficulties which
existed before the appropriation was made. The
