1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
administration of Mr. Buchanan is responsible
for the agent and for his acts.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Who is he?
Mr. SARGENT. His name was Howard. I
believe he is now dvad. I had some diffidence in
asking this appropriation at the present time, from
the fact that, with many members of the House,
i am in favor of the strictest economy, and of not
using the resources of the country for any pur-
pose except the putting down of this rebellion. I
therefore hesitated somewhat before asking the
appropriation; but I conceive that this is a matter
of great importance to the State, and that I would
not be doing my duty if I did not ask this appro-
priation. I believe that the'work can be done for
tUis amount, and that some competent and honest
man will be appointed by the present Adminis-
tration, who will secure the desired objects.
It will be observed that provision is made in the
amendment that no portion of the appropriation,
if made, shall be used to satisfy any claim exist-
ing against the United States under the former
appropriation. The Secretary of the Interior
states that there are now claims against the Uni-
ted States, and my design is that they shall be set-
tled by some other tribunal; at any rate, that 110
portion of this appropriation shall be used for that
purpose. I believe that this sum of $50,000 will
enable us to run that boundary.
I have stated to the House the object of the
amendment. I conceive that this is the proper
Elace to present it; and I will request the niem-
ers of the House, if they believe it proper under
the circumstances of the case that the appropria-
tion should be made, that they will sustain me in
the position I take. I think it should be made,
and that it will prove a great boon to the State of
California under the circumstances.
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Upton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-seven; a further count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. I rise to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the appropriation for
the Coast Survey was directed to be suspended
during the war.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Maryland that it is not in order to
return to what has been passed in the bill, nor is
any motion to reconsider in order in committee.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I submit the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment adopted day before yesterday, on motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,]
directing the work on the coast survey to be sus-
pended:
Provided further, That such portion of the Coast Sutvey
appropriation as shall be deemed by the President import-
ant to the prosecution oi the blockade or the suppiession of
the rebellion, shall not be suspended.
I desire to say, in explanation and support of
this amendment, that the day before yesterday,
an amendment was adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] the effect
of which was to suspend during the war, the np-
priation for the-Coast Survey, namely: for the
Atlantic coast $170,000, for the Florida Keys
§11,000, andfor the Pacificcoast$100,000, amount-
ing in all to $281,000.
Now, I wish to state to the House some data
which I trust will satisfy them that there is no
more import auxiliary to our Army and naval
expeditions than this Coast Survey.
It will be seen by a letter from Professor Bache,
which I have before me, and also from a printed
pamphlet which hns been laid on the desks of
members this morning, that on the arrival of the
Port Royal expedition off the coast of South Car-
olina it was found that the rebels had destroyed
the light-houses and had removed the beacons
and buoys. Yet, under the direction of Mr.Bou-
telle, of the Coast Survey, who accompanied the
expedition, the channel was sounded out and
buoyed out in three days, and Commodore Du-
pont was informed that he could sail into Port
Royal harbor the next morning; and Commodore
Dupont says that but for this service the expedi-
tion must have proved a failure. Now, sir, I de-
sire to read some testimonials in reference to the
value of this Coast Survey from the pamphlet to
which I have referred. On page 5, I find the
following:
Extract from the Report of Flag Officer S. F. Dupont to the
Navy Department.
Flag-ship Wabash, off Hilton Head,
Port Royal Harbor, S. C., November 6, 1861.
* * * * The Department is aware that ali the
aids to navigation have been removed, and the bar lies ten
miles seaward, with no features on the shore line sufficient
to make any bearings leliable; but, by the skill of Commander
Davis, the fleet captain, and Mr. Boutelle, the able assist-
ant of the Coast Survey, in charge of the steamer Vixen,
the channel was immediately found, sounded out, and
buoyed. * * * * In the evening of Monday,
Captain Davis and Mr. Boutelle reported water enough foi
the Wabash to venture in. * * * * On the
morning of Tuesday the Wabash crossed the bar.
S. F. DUPONT, Flag Officcr.
Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
Extract from the Report of Brigadier General T. W. Sher-
man to the War Department.
Headquarters Expedition Corps,
Port Royal, S. C., November 8, 1861.
* * * * it is my duty to repoit the valuable
services of Mr. Boutelle, assistant in the Coast Survey, in
assisting me with his accurate and extensive knowledge of
this country. His services are invaluable to the Arinys as
well as to the Navy, and I earnestly lecommend that im-
portant notice be taken of this very able and scientific officer
by the War Depaitment.
T. W. SHERMAN,
Brigadier General Commanding.
1 now read from page two of this pamphlet:
Headquarters Department of Annapolis,
Baltimore, June 21,1861.
My Dear Sir: I thank you most cordially for your
thoughtful courtesy in sending me the notes and charts of
the coast suiveys of tins military department. They will
be of most valuable assistance to us in our operations here.
I am very glad, as one of the results of our unhappy con-
dition, that the people may now sec how useful, in a pub-
lic view, the survey may become. It has been too lightly
appreciated by those disconnected with commercial pur-
suits.
I am, very truly, your friend, N. P. BANKS.
Profe&aoi Baciie.
Engineer Department,
Washington, June 11, 1861.
Dear Sir : I am very glad to possess the notes on the
Potomac, Rappahannock, Yoik, and James rivers, with the
accompanying charts sent with yourJetterof the 10th in-
stant, and for yourthoughtfulness in thus kindly supplying
this depaitment with details of important information,
which could have been derived from no other source than
the Coast Survey. Be pleased to accept my thanks.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General, United States Engineers.
Professor A. D. Bache,
Superintendent Coast Survey, Washington, D. C.
Now, sir, I have a letter from Professor Bache,
from which I quote:
coast survey.
Services at present in aid of the suppression of the rebellion.
1. Maps and chaits—Twenty-five thousand have been
supplied biiice the war broke out.
2. II\ drographic notes oi whole coa^t have been prepared
for the blockade commission. Acknowledged by the mem-
bers as> veiy satisfactory.
3. Approval of the military and naval authorities gener-
als-in-chief, Secretary of Navy and Assistant Secretary,
General Slieunan, Commodoies Dupont, Goldsborough,
and Stringlmm, &c.
4. Officers for piloting and new surveys aie attached to
all the expeditions, Sec.
Washington. 3 pauies, (topographical;) Accomac county,
Virginia, partus, (topogiapiucal and hydrographical;)
General Burnside's expedition,2 parries, (topographical and
hydrographical;) Commodoie Goldhborougb, 1 party, (hy-
drographical ;; Commodore Dupont, 5 parties, (topograph-
ical and hydiographical,) with four vessels, of which two
are steamers; naval paitof General Buinside's expedition,
1 party, (topographical and hydrographical;) Geneial flal-
leclc's expedition, 2 parties, (topographical )
Commodore Dupont speaks of the survey as the right
hand of the Navy; and Geneial McOJdlan, as indispensa-
ble to the land operations of the war.
I have also this morning received a seiies of i ev-
olutions passed by the Chamber of Commerce, of
New York, protesting against the suspension of
the coast survey work, declaring that it is very im-
portant m time of peace, but still more important
in time of war.
Now, sir, if gentlemen desire to strike out the
$100,000 contained in the bill for the Pacific coast,
I shall make no objection, although I think even
that should be retained. It seems io me,however,
that it is absolutely indispensable thatsuch portion
of the work as is required m the prosecution of the
war should not be suspended, and 1 have theieforc
offered this amendment.
Mr. PIDDLE. When this amendment was of-
fered two days ago, it was opposed by my distin-
guished colleague, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,] and I had
then the pleasure of voting with him in opposition
to it. 1 did it upon a principle which has directed
all the votes I have yet cast here; and in all- the
votes I shall cast the same principle will probably
govern me upon all questions of supplies or appro-
priations. It is to give to the Administration every
dollar of the millions we are asked to give, leaving
to it the solemn responsibility, to Grod, to;the peo-
ple$ and to posterity, of honestly applying those
millions, those uncounted millions, to the publie
service. . t ;
I felt, therefore, no disposition to impose the
restriction of this amendment upon this particular
outlay which, I believe, is generally better admin-
istered than most of the outlays of this Govern-
ment. I think this coast survey is eminently use-
ful, not only in time of peace, but in time of war.
If surveys are made of the coasts of States hostile
to us, that is the very knowledge we now need for
naval and military operations. If surveys are
made of our own coast, that is the very knowledge
we now need in that most important matter—one
in which I feel the deepest solicitude at the pres-
ent time—the defenses of our coast, our harbors,
and our great rivers. I therefore do not for a mo-
ment suppose that it is necessary that the oper-
ation of the coast survey should be suspended
during the continuance of the rebellion, for as
" self-defense is the first law of nature," I do not
doubt that all those operations will be for the ben-
efit of the Government, and such as cannot, by any
possibility, inure to the advantage of the enemy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words " at all events."
When this subject was under consideration, Mr.
Chairman, in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union the other day, I understood the
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
to say that he was in favor of discontinuing the
appropriation for the coast survey during the con-
tinuance of the rebellion; and 1 was not a little
surprised to heat* the remark from a gentleman
who has been accustomed, in whatever measures
he proposes to this House, to give a reason for the
measure which usually has great weight with its
members. Sir, it seems to me that now is justtke
time when the appropriation ought to be contin-
ued, and that if any change in the bill ought to be
made, it should be to increase rather than to
diminish the appropriation.
I did notdistinctly hear the honorable gentleman
on my left [Mr. McKnight] in the remarks he
made. If, therefore, in presenting a few statistics
and m presenting the few inquiries which I have to
make in respect to this coast survey, I repeat in
effect observations made by him, I trust the House
will excuse me.
Now, as I view this matter, the services of the
coast survey have been, and must continue to be of
the highest value as an aid to the suppression of
the rebellion; and that now is just the time when
it ought not to be disbanded—when its work ought
not to cease. Let not the vote of this House re-
ducing the appropriation be given under any mis-
apprehension as to facts:
1. Is it not a fact that the whole blockading
squadron depends forchartsupon those issued by
the Coast Survey office, and distributed through
the National Observatory. On inquiry I find that
not less than twenty-live thousand copies of these
accurate charts have been distributed since the
breaking out of the war, and at the present time
the demands of the Government are as large as
the resouices of the work can supply.
2. Inaddition to the charts,hydrographic notes,
giving minuted escriptions of the whole coast, have
been furnished to the commanders of the naval
and military expeditions, and have been acknowl-
edged by them as of great service. To this and
other assistance rendered "hy the work the letters
of Generals McClellan and Banks, Commodores
Dupont and Goldsborough, and other prominent
naval and military authorities bear ample testi-
mony. (Coast Defenses and Survey.)
3. True, most of the Army and Navy officers
hitherto engaged upon the survey have been de-
tached ; still the field work has been actively pros-
ecuted by the corps of trained civilians who form
the nucleus of the work.
4. Still another fact: many of these officers
have been called for and are at present attached
to all the expeditions, to pilot,the vessels in those
portions of the coast familiar to them, and to fill
up the surveys for the immediate uses of the army
of occupation. In the neighborhood of Wash-
