THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. ,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1862.
New Series No. 202.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 321) to indemnify certain citizens
of the United States, residing in the State of Del-
aware, for expenses incurred by them in defense
of the United States, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 486) to authorize a rehearing of
the application of Daniel Woodbury before the
Commissioner of Patents for the extension of his
letters patentforan improvement in horse-power,
dated August 26,1846, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 278) for
the relief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 503) to confirm and establish a patent here-
tofore granted to Itienne Berust, dated July 24,
1860, and to secure to George Somerville Nor-
ris, the assignee of said patent, the benefit of the
full term for which said patent was granted, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Daniel
Moriarty, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing;, to whom was referred a resolution to
print three thousand copies of the Navy Regis-
ter, for the use of the Senate, reported it with an
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, Thatthiee thousand copies of the Navy Regis-
ter be printed for the uaeof the Senate : Provided, That the
name be not printed until it shall have been penected, or
as ueaily so as practicable.
ADDITIONAL MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 553) to establish addi-
tional post routes, have had the same under con-
sideration, and instructed me to report it back
with amendments, and with a recommendation
that it pass. I desire its present consideration.
There is no appropriation in it; it consists of
nothing but provisions for mail routes.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLLAMER. - I think it is taking up the
time of the Senate unnecessarily to read the amend-
ments. I move that the amendments reported by
the committee be adopted. Nobody is paying any
attention to the reading of them, I presume.
The PRESlDENT/ *o tempore. By unanimous
consent that can be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there anything else in
them but new routes?
Mr. COLLAMER. Nothing.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer a little amendment:
Prom Freedom, in Owen county, Indiana, by way of
Amey, intersecting the present established route at iiau-
seiviUe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
CAXtUACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representatives
202
to the joint resolution (S. No. 89) in relation to
the claim of Carmack & Ramsey, have had the
same under consideration, and instructed me to
report it back with a recommendation that the Sen-
ate non-concur in the amendment of the House,
and ask lor a committee of conference thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and MeS&rs. Colla-
mer, Wade, and Rice were appointed managers
at the conference on the part of the Senate.
EXTRA CLOTHING FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts., The Com-
mitteeonMilitaryAffairsand theMilitia,to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 9$)
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish extra
clothing to sick, wounded, and other soldiers,
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and I should like to have it put on its pas-
sage at once.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of War
to furnish extra clothing to all sick, wounded, and
other soldiers who may have lost the same by the
casualties of war,under such rulcsand regulations
as the Department may prescribe, during the ex-
istence of the present insurrection.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered; to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 316) to provide for the payment of
fines and penalties collccted by or paid to justices
of the peace of the District of Columbia under the
acts of Congress approved the 3d and 5th of Aug-
ust, 1861, and for other purposes;
.A bill (No. 318) for relief in the land claim in
California known as the claim of Francisco Sobe-
ranes to a tract of land known as Sauion de Santa
Rita;
A bill (No. 351) supplementary to the act" for
the release of certain persons held to service or
labor in the District of Columbia," approved
April 16, 1869;
A bill (No. 380) repealing the law requiring
bonds of paymasters and assistant paymasters to
be approved by the judge or attorney of the dis-
trict in which such paymaster or assistant pay-
master shall reside;
A joint resolution (S. No. 76) relating to the
compensation of Senators elected or appointed to
fill vacancies; and
A joint resolution (No. 93) in relation to con-
tracts with the United States.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 523) to promote the effi-
ciency of the corps of engineers, and of the ord-
nance and quartermaster's departments, and for
other purposes; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 392)
to establish certain post roads.
ABSTRACTION OF INDIAN BONDS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
554) relating to trust funds of several Indian tribes
invested by theGovernmentin certainStatebonds
abstracted from the custody of the late Secretary
of the Interior, have had the same under consid-
eration, and instructed me to report it back, with a
recommendation that it pass without amendment;
and I am requested, on behalf of the committee, to
ask the Senate to put it on its passage now.
Mr. KING. Let it be read through.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to
be entered upon the proper books of his Depart-
ment the following credits to Indian tribes: to
the Delawares,$423,99026; to the Iowas,$66,735;
and to the confederate bands of Kaskaskias, Peo-
rias,Piankeshaws,and Weas, $169,686 75, yrhich
amounts are for and in place of the-same amounts
heretofore invested by the Government under
treaty stipulations with these tribes in the bonds
of the States of Missouri, Tennessee, and ^North
Carolina, which were stolen while in the custody
of Jacob Thompson, late Secretary of the Interior,
in whose Department they had been deposited for
safe-keeping. These entries are to be evidence
that the United States holds the several sums
named in trust for these tribes respectively, and
the Treasurer of the United States is to pay them
respectively, on requisitions by the Secretary of
thg Interior, interest on the sums thus credited,
at the rate of five per cent, per annum, in semi-
annual payments, on the 1st days of January and
July in each year, the first payment to be on the
1st day of January, 1863. All interest which
these tribes may have-had in the bonds is to be
terminated and vested iw the United States; and
any recovery or reclamation of the same, or any
part thereof, is to be for the use and benefit of the
United States.
The bill makes an appropriation of 'ยง50,066 64,
for the payment of interest to these tribes on the
sums invested in the bonds, from the date of the
last payment of interest to the 1st day of July,
1862, to wit: the sum of $32,307 91 to the Dela-
wares, $5,032 23 to the Iowas, and $12,726 50 to
the confederate bands of Kaskaskias, Peorias,
Piankeshaws, and Weas. The act shall take
effect and be in force only in relation to such of
these tribes as shall file with the Secretary of the
Interiortheir assent,in writing,tosomuch thereof
as relates to them respectively.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of this bill ?
No objection being made, the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third leading, was read
the third time, and passed.
PHILIP LANSDALE.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom were referred the papers in relation to
the claim of Dr. Philip Lansdale, a surgeon of
the United States Navy, have had the same under
consideration, and instruct me to report a bill for
his relief; and also to request that it be put upon
its passage now, and I will state the ground. A
bill for his relief passed the House of Represent-
atives and was sent to the Senate and reported
against under a misapprehension. Since that, the
papers have been referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and the Secretary of the Navy rec-
ommends the passage of the bill, in a letter which
I shall read if it be desired.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 390) for
the relief of Philip Lansdale, surgeon of the Uni-
ted States Navy, was read three times, and passed.
It pioposes to direct the accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to Surgeon Philip Lansdale
$1,255 06, being the difference between the pay
of a passed assistant surgeon and that of a sur-
geon, from April 25, 1859, to February 25, 1861,
during which time he "performed the duties of a
surgeon on board the United States ship John
Adams, and received only the compensation al-
lowed by law to a passed assistant surgeon.
ORDNANCE CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bp directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the report of Joseph Holt and Itobfrt
Dale Owen, " commissioner on ordnance and ordnance
store?,5' made to the Department, and that he transmit to
the Senate ail the evidence touching the contracts investi-
gated by the said commissioners.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it lie over.
Mr. POWELL. I think the Senator who made
the objection will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over.
WILLIAM PATTON.
Mr. COWAN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in view of the Jong and faithful service
