THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1862.
New Series No. 142.
what the necessity is for providing that a bond
like this shall operate as a covenant on the part of
the collector and all his sureties, to stand seized
of all their real estate to the use of the Govern-
ment, for any default which may happen through
the maladministration of the collector or any of
his deputies. Is it because the amount of money
which is going to pass through the collector's
hands is so unprecedented that you must require
these extraordinary guarantees? 1 suppose the
collector of the port of New York, a single indi-
vidual, handles §40,000,000 per annum; and no
collector under this bill is going to handle any
Such amount of money. Have you any law, or
was it ever thought of, to provide that he should
give a bond with sureties, which bond should op-
erate as a lien upon all their veal estate? I sup-
pose not; and I put the question to the Senate if
it is really believed that responsible men will con-
sent to be sureties upon the terms that we offer
here in this bill? If they will not, you cannotget
a good bond. If they will,-I should be in favor
of giving them a strait-waistcoat at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
,s on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment of the
Finance Committee;, as it now stands, only re-
quires the bond to be recorded in the place where
the collector resides, in the registry of land titles
required by the local law in the county, town,
or district where he resides; but it contemplates
making that bond a lien on the property of the
sureties who may not reside there at all, and to
make it a lien on the land of the collector which
is beyond the limits of that registry altogether. I
will merely say that I can hardly at present be
brought to vote even for this amendment as it
stands, because it does not furnish a security to
the community—a notice to them in those regis-
tries where they would look for titles.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays on
this amendment. It is a very important question,
in my opinion, and we may as well test it on this
amendment. The question is, whether these
bonds shall be liens or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I would suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he let this go until we come into
the Senate; and in the mean time perhaps we can
perfect an amendment that will be satisfactory.
The difficulty is in perfecting an amendment so
that we can agree to it. By looking at it, and
considering it, perhaps we can accomplish that
purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. The trouble is that the prin-
ciple of this proposition is dovetailed through and
inseparable from two or three other sections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only one other.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps I shall not be in the
Senate when that comes up, and I want to have
it settled now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am certainly opposed to i
making these bonds a lien upon the real estate of j
the securities. I have no objection to their oper-
ating as a lien on the real estate of the principal, and
at any rate they should be recorded in some place
where they will cover all the real estate of the
principal. Now take my State, for instance; it is
a very common thing for men to hold real estate
in different counties, and some men hold real es-
tate m a dozen different counties perhaps. Judg-
ments in the United States courts in Illinois are a
lien throughout the whole district, and the proper
place to record this bond in my State would be in
the office of the district court of the United States,
for we have to search the records of that court
now to ascertain whether there is a judgment lien !
there, and the record of this bond in the township j
or county whore the man lives, if it is to be a ;
lien on real estate a hundred miles away, will not
answer.
I agree entirely with what the Senator from
Wisconsin said. I would never agree for one that
this bond should be a lien upon the mil estate of
the securities, for, after all, the safety of the Gov-
142
eminent is in the integi ity and honesty of the men
who are to fill these offices. It is well to have a
bond; but I think you are carrying it to an ex-
treme, when you make that bond a lien upon the
real estate of the securities. I think it would be
very difficult to obtain securities under such cir-
cumstances. No man would want to mortgage his
property in that way. I am sure it would be at-
tended with trouble in my State; and my impres-
sion is that you will not get as good a class of
officers to perform the duties as you would if you
did not require it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no subject
connected with the machinery of this bill that oc-
casioned thoCommitteeon Finance so much trouble
as this, and none about which there seemed to be
so many difficulties in whichever way you looked
atit, and really the committee had no very defi-
nite opinions in regard to it, if I except my friend
from Wisconsin, who expressed the same senti-
ments in committee that he has expressed here.
We made an attempt to arrange it. On the one
side was the apprehension, which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, a very seri-
ous one, that for the pay which is proposed to be
allowed no man would give a bond or be able to
obtain sureties, involving these consequences of a
lien upon his property. On the other hand was
the necessity of providing security for the Gov-
ernment. These two things stand directly opposed
to each other. It would seem that the Govern-
ment ought to have some secuiity on the property
of the collector and his sureties; and it would seem
also very difficult to carry out that idea in this di-
rection, and that was just the dilemma we were in.
Then, coming to the details there is the same dif-
ficulty. It appeared to me that we might get along
on that point, however. It is impossible to record
the bond everywhere, and if we provide one spe-
cific place within the district where the collector
lives, it seems to .me to be enough; and that place
is fixed at the registry of deeds prescribed by the
local law of the place of his residence. It seemed
to me that everybody would go there that had
any question to ask in regard to him, and would
look at the registry then1.
Mr. COLLAMER. How about the sureties?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The sureties would be
very likely to be within his district. A question
arose whether it would not be better to provide
that the bond should be a lien on the property of
the principal obligor, and not upon that of his
sureties. That would after all be moonshine, for
in nine cases outof ten I venture to say the collect-
or would be recommended, and would perhaps
get his appointment, expressly on the ground that
he was a very honest man and a capable business
man who could get sureties, and that an office
of this sort ought to be given to somebody who
needs it, rather than to a man who is rich and
does not need it. In that view it is not to be ex-
pected in most cases that the collector will be the
owner of real estate, and therofoic you must look
to the real estate of the sureties if you regard that
security as important.
These are the difficulties. They have oppressed
my mind very much, and I really do not feel com-
petent to decide; and the committee preferred to
bring the question specifically before the Senate
and let the wisdom of the Senate fix what should
be done in the premises.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the practice
to be new to require the sureties upon Govern-
ment bonds to make oath that they arc worth
double the amount of the liability which they
subscribed for. over and above all their just debts.
Mr. FESSENDEN In regard to that £ will
.suggest that it is cntnely within the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury, or the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue under him, to provide just such
safeguards as he pleases in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desired merely to make
that statement as a reason why there was no ne-
cessity for having this bond a lien upon the real
estate of the surety. The practice now is—I dunk
it is universal; I know it is so in some cases, for I
have seen the bonds which are taken; it is so in 1
regard to marshals and I believe in reference to
land officers—the practice of the Government-is,
which would doubtless be followed in this instance,
to require each surety to make an affidavit of the
amount which he is worth over and above all his
just debts, and it must be double the penalty of the
bond. If the amount of the bond is $50,000, the
practice is to require securities who will swear that
they are worth §100,000 over and above all their
debts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter of reg-
ulation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a matter of regula-
tion,and thatpractice would doubtless be followed
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would undoubtedly
be done; but in the mean time, in the course of
three or four years, all property might slip outof
the hands of the sureties, and if the Government
had no lien on the property they would be no bet-
ter off than if they had no security.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is possible, but it is
a bare possibility. You cannot nave these things
perfect, and in adopting a law we do not want
such a law as will produce so great an inconven-
ience to the community, and especially with us.
Where real estate is changing hands every day,
as it is in the West, it would be the most difficult
thing in the world for a man to get security if it
was to operate as a mortgage on his veal estate.
We sell real estate in the West much as they buy
and sell horses in New England. A man does
not live on the same tract of land, as the Senator
from Maine says, half a dozen years, scarcely. It
is part of our business out there to try and sell
land.
Mr. GRIMES. If the bill would have that
effect I would be much more in favor of it than I
am; if it would only make our people more per-
manent, and attach them to the places they now
occupy a little longer than they have been in the
habit of being; attached.
Mr. President, I apprehend no difficulty what-
ever in the gentlemen who are solicitors for these
officers getting security; there is not any trouble
about it. There are plenty of applicants for every
one of these places who can give security. If this
was an ordinary law, I would not be tenacious on
the subject; if it was a law in regard to the bonds
of any other officer that you were going to create
or had created, I would not object; but I know
the difficulty there is going to be from this tax
law; I know very well how it is going to affect
the agricultural community in this country, and
I wish them to feel assured that every safeguard
has been thrown around the collection of the
money and its safe-keeping that it is possible for
the Legislature of the country to throw around it,
and it is for that reason that I shall insist on retain-
ing this lien. It is for a political reason, as well
as for the reason embraced in the law for the se-
curity; it is to satisfy the people of the country
that we have used every means in our power to
insure that their money shall be properly col-
lected, shall be safely kept after it is collected,
and paid over to the proper officer.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator from
Iowa in the importance of having all possible
safeguards; we cannot have one too many, always
provided that they are practical. Now, in de-
vising safeguards here, I do not know any better
light to follow than that of experience. What is
the practice with regard to other bonds and secu-
rities^ I believe that there is no single instance
that can be mentioned where a bond is made a
lien as is proposed by tins amendment. Here are
bonds all over the country by executors. Is such
a bond made a lien on the real astate of the execu-
tor or of his sureties? Here are bonds for other
officers discharging important duties under the
State governments. Whoever heard of such a
bond in any one case being made a hen? Then,
sir, under the United States here are bonds now,
I might myself say infinite in number, growing
out of the prosecution of this war, bonds given by
our paymasters in the Army and in the Navy.
None of them are made a lien on real estate. I
