3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
of William fatton as principal engrossing clerk of the Sen-
ate, ills salary be continued to hiin from the 1st of Novem-
ber to the end of the fiscal year terminating on the 30th of
last month.
I should bo glad to have action on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it, if he has not
been serving.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rules,
COMMERCE OF TUB PACIFIC STATES.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer a resolution:
Resolved, That the President lie requested to liaye pre-
pared a full repoitot" the foreign and domestic trade and
commerce of the Slates of California and Oregon, and
Washington Territory, to be submitted at the next session
of Congress lor tlie use ot the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if that does not
appear by the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the trade and commerce and nav-
igation of this country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It does not.
Mr. MORI! ILL. I should like to have the res-
olution laid over until to-morrow morning. I wish
to look at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 389)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to amend
the several acts respecting copyrights, "approved
February 3, 1831, which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. ANTIIONY asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained,leave to introduce ubill (S. No. 391)
to define the number of major generals and brig-
adier generals in the military service; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. KING. I ask that that bill be read through.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state the object of the bill in two or
three words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not sub-
ject to discussion.
Mr. ICING. Let it be read. That will take
less time.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
LAND CLAIMS tlNDBlt THE ASIIBURTON TREATY.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill I have
mentioned—House bill No. 399, to provide for the
quieting of cnitain land titles in the late disputed
territory in the Slate of Maine, and for other pur-
poses. It is a bill winch Ims passed the Senate
' wo or three times, and 1 think it will not take
much time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Secietary of the Treasury
to pay to Laura A. Siebbnis, of Bangor, in the
State of Maine; Catherine C. Ward, of Roxbnry,
m the Slate of Massachusetts; Rufus Mansur, of
Houlton, in the State of Maine; and James A.
Drew, of Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts,
the sum. of $3,353 each, being in all the sum of
$13,422, in full compensation for three thousand
ihree hundred and fifty-three acres of land, in-
cluding the timber previously taken therefrom, in
i ho half township in the State of Maine granted
by the State of Massachusetts to the late General
Eaton, and called the Eaton grant, to which those
parties lost title by the operation of the fourth
article of the treaty of 9th August, 1842, " to set-
tle and define the boundary between the United
States and the possessions of her Britannic Ma-
jesty in North America*/' hut the parties are to
execute deeds ol release to the parties holding
"possessory" or " equitable possessory claims"
to the tin ee thousand three hundred and fifty-three
acres of land, or any portion thereof, as described
in the reports made to the Governor and Council
of Maine by Ebenezor Hutchinson and others,
commissioners under a resolution passed by the
Legislature of the State on the 12th of April, 1854,
and the plan ofsurveysaccompanymgthereports,
and of record in the land office of the State. It is
also to appear to the satisfaction of the land agent
of .the State of Maine that such deeds of release
do effectually convey a good title to the landi,
except so far as the titles have been affected by
the operation of the treaty. If it shall appear to
the land agent that the parties are incompetent to
make such deeds of release to the whole of the
lands, then they are to be entitled to receive a pro
rata only of the compensation provided in this act
for so much thereof as they shall convey.
The Secretary is also required to pay to EBmund
Monroe and Benjamin Sewall, of Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts, the sum of $13,540, in the
proportion of three fourths thereof to the former
and one fourth to the latter, in full compensation
for three thousand three hundred and eighty-five
acres of land, including the timber previously taken
therefrom, in the western half of Plymouth town-
ship, so calfed, in the State of Maine, and the
sum of $6,7G8 to Rufus Mansur, of Houlton,
Maine, and James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, in full compensation for sixteen hundred
and ninety-two acres of land, including the tim-
ber previousfy taken therefrom, in the eastern half
of  the township, to which the parties severally
lost title by the operation of the fourth article of
the treaty; but the regulations, restrictions, and
provisions contained in the provisoes to the first
section of this bill are to be made, to all intents
and purposes, applicable to this section.
The Sccrctaiy of the Treasury is also directed
to pay to Laura A. Stebbins, ot Bangor, Maine,
and Catherine C. Ward, of Dorchester, Massa-
chusetts, the sum of $6,647; and to Edmund Mon-
roe and Benjamin Sewall, of the city of Boston,
in Massachusetts, the sum of §7,635, in the pro-
portion of three fourths of the same to Monroe,
and one fourth to Sewall; and to James A. Drew,
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, and Rufus Mansur,
of Iloulton, Maine, the sum of $9,328; those sev-
eral sums being in full compensation, at the rate
of one dollar per acre, for timber taken from lands
owned by them respectively, and located in the
Eaton grant and Plymouth township, (so called,)
in the State of Maine, and within the district rec-
ognized as the "disputed territory," and which
timber was taken off and lost to the proprietors in
consequence of the diplomatic arrangement en-
tered into between the United States and Great
Britain in 1832, by which both parties agreed to
abstain from the exercise of jurisdiction in the ter-
ritory; but the payments authorized and required
by this act may be made, in whole or in part, at
the option of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
any of the bonds of the United States, bearing in-
terest at the late of six percent, per annum, which
have been or may hereafter bo authorized by law
to be issued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Cliairwill
suggest that in the second section, where the term
"Secretary" stands alone, probably by inadvert-
ence of the printer, the words "of the Treasury"
have been omitted; and they will be supplied, so
that it will read "Secretary of the Treasury."
The bill was reported to the Senate-without
amendment.
Mr. POSTER. This bill appropriates a pretty
large amount of money. I had occasion at a for-
mer time to look at some portion of these claims,
and although I am not familiar with it, yet I con-
fess I have not been very thoroughly persuaded
that the whole claim ought to pass. It appro-
priates,! think, between thirty and forty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. CLARK. More than that—§57,500. The
bill has been before the Senate a number of years
at different times, has been examined by a gieat
many committees and always favorably reported
upon, and has been several times passed; and the
Senate once appointed a commissioner to go into
the State of Maine and make a thorough examin-
ation of it. The commissioner did so; and the
evidence is before the Senate, and has been for
years. I think there can be no question in regard
to it.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems there has been a ques-
tion heretofoie, for the claim has not been paid.
Mr. CLARK. The bill failed in the House of
Representatives for want of time.
Mr. POSTER. It is very certain the parties
have not had the relief which they have asked for.
A portion of these claimants derive their titles by
purchase made years after the questions that are
now decided, it is said, deprived them of their
rights. There were persons on certain lands in
the State of Maine, or what was considered to be
in the State of Maine, in possession at the time of
the treaty between Great Britain and the United
States, and in consequence of the treaty the lands
went into the British possessions, a,nd there was
a question as between those who were on the lands,
claiming by a possessory title, and those who
claimed by a proprietary title, and the treaty gave
the preference to those who had the possessory
title. Afterwards, persons bought of the proprie-
tors a portion of their titles to some of these prerh-
isesand prosecuted their claims here,purchasing
the titles of the proprietors some ten years or more
after the treaty, and in that way deriving their
titles. Now, it may be all right, but I confess that
I should feel different towaid persons who had
been deprived by the action of the Government
of their property, and who prosecuted their claims
against the Government in the proper mode, from
what I should feel toward those who came in and
puichased a title knowing that there was a cloud
over it, a difficulty about it, and then came to
Congress and prosecuted a claim which they had
thus bought.
Mr. CLARK. Everybody who has read the
report knows that the question arises under the
fourth article of the treaty of 1842, by which cer-
tain lands which had been in the possession of
certain individuals for six years were transferred
from their rightful owners to the persons in pos-
session. 1 cannot say that the Senator from Con-
necticut may not be right in some one or two in-
stances; I have no knowledge on that subject; and
I do not know but that some people who were poor
and who had got to he aged transferred their claims,
but I know that the persons who sold to them, ifV
there were any such cases, had a valid claim which
the Senate proposes now to recognize. Some of
the people who are now claiming are very aged
people, and very poor people, and desire that this
remuneration should be made to them. The whole
matter has been carefully examined by different
committees of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is mistaken as it regards the fact that some
of the persons who sold were poor; they were very
wealthy.
Mr. CLARK. Some were undoubtedly, but
some were poor.
Mr. FOSTER. Those who bought might have
been poor, and bought to make money, and pros-
ecuted their claim here, perhaps, to make money;
hut the persons who sold were abundantly com-
petent to prosecutc them. It was not necessary
for them to sell because they were notable to pros-
ecute their claim against the Government, if they
had a good one.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know, and of course
cannot state, the personal condition and responsi-
bility of many of these people. I do not under-
take to state it. If the fact were as stated by the
Senator from Connecticut, it would not impugn the
validity of the claim. Ifaperson chooses to part
with a claim and another person chooses to buy it,
if the claim is a good claim, I do not understand
that to be a valid objection why it should not be
paid, but I do not Know that there is any such
case; it has not come to the knowledge of the com-
mittee that there are any such cases; and the claim
has been so thoroughly examined that I do not
think it calls for further discussion at the present
time.
The bill was ordered tt> a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE. In the reportof the committee of
conference on the naval appropriation bill, which
I submitted yesterday, a verbal en or has been
discovered, which was made by the clerk in draw-
mg up the report. I move that the report be re-
committed for the correction of the error.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Morris, its
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 423) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1863.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will now take
up that report and concur in it. It is the same
one that I presented yesterday, and explained to
the Senate. I move that the Senate concur with
the House in the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
