276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ington there are now three parties engaged for
topography; two parties for topography and
hydrography accompany General Burnside's
expedition; five for topography and hydrography
are engaged under Commodore Dupont; and there
are still other parties with other expeditions.
5. I submit for the consideration of the House
whether the services of these officers will be loss
necessary if the coast survey is suspended. These
services must be had from some source. We can
deprive the country of the service of trained assist-
ants, familiar with the coast, and able to furnish
all.information concerning it in the shortest time;
but the charts of the survey will still have to be
published and distributed. The office organiza-
tion, nevertheless, by which this is done rapidly
and cheaply, will have been destroyed. How
much are we to save by this course? Is it best
to save it in this way? If the war should last
beyond summer, our naval expeditions will be
kept waiting week after week, month after month,
for information without which no expedition, large
or small, can be effective.
6. Have not the appropriations for the survey
been reduced one fourth to meet the exigencies of
the times? Why suspend a work which Com-
modore Dupont has told us is the right arm of the
Navy, and which General McClellan regards as
indispensable to the land operations of the war.
Now, sir, I have heard over and over again on
the floor of this House that the reason why we
should reduce these appropriations is that we must
curtail our war expenses, that it is impossible to
go on as we are going and the nation not become
bankrupt. I heard the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Chittenden] the other day ob-
serve that if we were to be frightened out of our
propriety by any description of battle-fields wo
were not the men for this war. And, gentlemen,
if we are to be frightened out of our propriety, so
far as relates to the incurring of a national debt,
which it is expected will be incurred by this war,
if we are to be frightened by such declarations
that we will incur a debt that will make this nation
bankrupt, then I say that we are not the men for
this war. The people of tins country do not ex-
pect that this war can be prosecuted without the
expenditure of largo amounts of money. They
are saying to us every day that the Government
shall have all of the money that it needs. What
will the nations of the earth say if they see us in
this country, before this war has been prosecuted
for a single year, frightened at the fear of incur-
ring a national debt? 1 do not think that the way
to meet the exigencies of the times is to refuse the
regular and usual appropriations for the Coast
Survey.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. CRISFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNAltD. If the gentleni an does not
propose to oppose the amendment, I shall object
to his proceeding—one speech having alreaily been
made in favor of the amendment.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 have not risen for the pur-
pose of opposing this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is not
in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, much of what I intended to say lias
already been said 
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to that arrange-
ment. In that way we would have only speeches in
favor of a proposition, and none in opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was with-
drawn by the gentleman from Maine, and the
gentleman from Maryland has the right to renew
it, which he has done.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Chairman, much of
what I intended to say has been anticipated by
the gentlemen who have preceded me in this de-
bate. The very views and thoughts which had
occurred to me have already been expressed far
better by those who have addressed the commit-
tee this morning. |
But, sir, one or two ideas have suggested them- 1
selves to me, which have not yet been presented. I
Tlus House, by voting these appropriations, has !
heretofore demonstrated, m the most emphatic i
manner, its sense of the utility of this work. Yet 1
it is now proposed, as a measure of economy, to I
suspend the apphent'on of this fund during the I
continuance of the war. We have expressed our
decided approbation of the work, and yet it is
now advocated as a measure of economy to sus-
pend that work. Is it a measure of economy to
discharge the force now engaged in this work ?
Can you call them back again when this war shall
have been terminated? Can you again obtain the
services, the invaluable services, of the head of
the Coast Survey department? Can you again
gather up, as soon as this war is over, the valu-
able assistants who are now engaged upon the
work? "Who is to finish the unfinished work?
What is to become of it in the interim if you sus-
pend these appropriations during the war? What
is to become of the vessels now engaged in the
work? All this will be lost if we suspend this
work at this time; and, sir, instead of being a
measure of economy, the suspension of the work
is a measure of extravagance.
This view, Mr. Chairman, together with other
reasons which have been presented to the com-
mittee, satisfies me that the proposition now made
to suspend the operations of the Coast Survey
during the war is a reckless, improper, and un-
wise one. To withhold the public funds for this
useful source of information is unjust to the pub-
lic scrvicc. If it ought not to be abandoned, but
ought to go on, then let the usual appropriations
be made. We have already decided, more than
once, that the work is a useful one; and do not
let us, therefore, now abandon it half finished. If
you refuse these ordinary appropriations, then
you destroy the woik entirely. 1 am sure that
such a result is not contemplated by any member
of this House.
I trust, sir, that not only this amendment will
be adopted by the committee, but that when we
go into the House it will bcagreed, by unanimous
consent, to strike out the whole proviso.
Mr. (STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
will now withdraw his amendment in order that
I may take the floor to move the restoration of the
appropriation as it was reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I withdraw the amendment
for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert the words
" or for any other purpose "after the word " rebel-
lion;" so that it will read:
Provided farther, That Mich portion of tile Coast Survey
approptiauon a^ shall be deemed by tile Piesulent important
to the prosceution of the blockade and suppicssion of the
rebellion, 01 for any other puipose, shall not be suspended.
If this proviso is to remain in the bill, then I
want my amendment adopted,so that we shall be
broughtbacktothc original appropriation. When
wo come into the House I shall ask the House to
vote more deliberately on the question of the pro-
viso oft'ered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Arnold.] I hope that it will be rejected 011 a
leeonsiueiatioii. If my amendment to the pro-
viso be adopted, it will leave theappiopriationas
it was originally reported. I am notprepared at
tins time to suspend this great work.' The effect
of a suspension will be to disband the wholeCoast
Survey force. That will be the inevitable result.
After the Coast Survey system has been carried
on from 1807 up to the present time, I do not sec
anything 111 the aspect of public affairs to induce
us to break down that system. I do not see now
any good reason to abandon all that our predeces-
sors have deliberately planned for the purpose of
communicating knowledge of our own coasts,
which is of so much importance to those of our
people engaged in commerce and navigation. I
am not prepared now to break down that system,
leaving the whole commercial community in ig-
norance of the dangers of our coasts, and exposed
to the perils of that ignorance.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to have read the resolutions of the New Yoik
Chamber of Commerce on this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolution passed January 9, 1862, by the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York in reference to the Coast Survey.
Whereas infoimation lias been received that the Unitpd
Static Coast Survey work, which has been eminently boiie-
ikv.l 111 its results to the whole country, is to be suspended
dm the war, tins Ohanibel lespeetfuiJv asks ol Congress
that -itch action may not take place,'for the following
anions other leasons:
i. That the knowledge acquiicd by surveys of our coast
and hiii bois is a knowledge absolutely necessaiy 111 peace
for the preservation of lives and property, and in war to de-
fend ourselves and pursue out' enemies.
2. That the abandonment of a work of admitted neces-
sity and utility like the Coast Survey at this time would
have an appearance of weakness svhich could not fail to
have a bad moral and political effect at home and abroad.
3. That benefits derived by the State and city of New
York from measures suggested by the Superintendent of the
United States Coast Survey for the pieservation of the har-
bor, lead this Chamber to realize the necessity of extend-
ing its benefits to others by keeping the work in active oper-
ation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, this is an
old-acquaintance to those of us who have been
members in preceding Congresses. The thing has
happened on this occasion which has happened
every session that I have been here, when it has
been proposed to touch this subject; and the thing
has happened precisely that in private I predicted
to some gentlemen who intended to move in this
■ matter would happen. Members have been ap-
I proaehed—I put it to them to say in what way,
whether by individuals or in the form of little
thumb-papers thrust into their face. We are told
that it is a matter of importance to survey our
coast. Undoubtedly itis; but surveying the coast
and the Coast Survey are two different things.
Surveying the coast is a mere matter of applied
mathematics, and the Coast Survey is an institu-
tion—an establishment—a barnacle that has fas-
tened itself upon the Government by filaments too
numerous and strong I fear now to break. What
is proposed by the action of the House? That
the large sum appropriated for this work, not for
a few years, but annually, beginning as far back
as 1807, and carried on, sir, for more than half a
century, should be pretermitted while this rebel-
lion was in progress—that it should stop while
war was raging upon our coast. We are met with
papers thrust into our face saying that the work
has been of great service to Commodore Dupont
in his operations.
Now, I will call the attention of the PIousc to
the items, or to some of them at least, to which
it is proposed to apply this money. 1 have the
estimates submitted from that department. For
the coast of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, and Rhode Island, §61,000. I ask, if it re-
quires $G1,000 a year to survey the coast of these
ancient States, which have been inhabited from
the earliest period, and this survey has gone on
for more than half a century, when will that coast
ever be surveyed? When, sir, will we ever come
to a knowledge of it? What is the necessity to
expend $G1,000—more than the interest upon
,000,000—insurveyingthatportion of our coast?
It is a very convenient place for certain gentlemen
to repair upon light work and good pay; but for
any practical purpose, ei ther for prosecuting peace-
fui commerce orcarryingonmilitary operations, I
undertake to say that it is so much money thrown
into the sea. It has been attempted to get this work
of surveying the coast done under the direction of
the Navy Department, under the direction of the
Bureau of Ordnancc and Hydrography, where,
your Observatory is placed, whence your Nauti-
cal Almanac emanates; but it has never been done,
and from present appearances itis notlikely soon
to be done.
I might refer to the $100,000 appropriated here
for the survey of the coasts of Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories for fieldwork; and for the keys
and reefs of Florida, $11,000. This latter might
be very well entertained on the ground of its
tending to enable us to reach the rebellion. But
tlie^ whole spirit and object of the proposition
which is now before the House is simply to con-
tinue this enormous expenditure of nearly half a
million dollars annually, if not in one way, at least
in another. And.I submit, is it wise, is it prudent,
especially when your coast is overrun, or liable
to be overrun, by armed cruisers and privateers,
to do so? I am told by the gentleman from Mis-
souri that our coast survey vessels would have no
employment for eighteen months or more. Are
we not employing all the vessels we can get from
every quarter ? Do not we need them for purposes
of blockade, for purposes of transportation, and
for all purposes for which such ships can be used?
But it is said we have a large number of men en-
gaged in the coast survey. Let them bring then-
practical knowledge to bear upon the actual mili-
tary and naval movements of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the amendment, it was put; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
