1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
from any district, not to exceed in any instance
§6,000, according to the exigencies of the case
and the amount of business. The difficulty the
committee had in fixing the salaries was, that we
cannot tell, and the Attorney General cannot in-
form us at this time exactly what the salaries
ought to be of the various attorneys in different
localities. This bill provides that the Attorney
General may fix the salary of any district attor-
ney who applies to him, in conjunction with the
Secretary of the Interior, before whom the ac-
counts of the district attorneys pass. The accounts
are returned to the office of the Secretary of the
Interior, and he passes upon them. He makes
all the allowances which are made, and the excess
over $6,000 must be accounted for to him.
That is this bill, and the whole of it, except a
provision which requires the Secretary of the In-
terior to report to Congress at the commencement
of the next session what sum is fixed as a salary
in each case, and what amount of fees and per-
quisites is received, and what incidental expenses
are allowed. I have thought it due to the Senate
to malce this explanation, that the bill should not
pass sub silentio, and it be afterwards announced
that the Senate did not understand it.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the bill allow all district
attorneys a salary of $6,000?
Mr.TRUMBULL. No. The law nowis, that
no district attorney in the United States can re-
ceive morfi than $6,000 a year.
Mr. GRIMES. But can any district attorney
have that amount under this bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Any district attorney that
the Attorney General and Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall decide is entitled to it, can have it. I do
not suppose there will probably be any such case
out of New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they take it out of the
fees of the office or out of the Treasury?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill provides that they
shall be paid a salary, and that they shall account
for the fees the same as heretofore. We have had
that question of fees before us. Several of the at-
torneys wanted a scale of fees arranged; but there
is great difficulty in that and particularly in re-
gard to condemnation cases. If you allow a per-
centage it might amount to a very large sum un-
less you imposed some limit. The opinion of the
Attorney General was that it was better to fix a
salary, and that you get better services from the
men m that way. It will be more acceptable to
the attorneys and in the end cost no more, and the
duties will be better performed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire a little further in-
formation; and I hardly know enough about the
bill to make my inquiries;'but I have been told
that the bill which has been passed heretofore was
unjust to the district attorneys in the smaller dis-
tiicts, or at least that it did not render them the
same relief that it did in the larger districts. I
know that in the district of Rhode Island there was
a prize case which the district attorney managed
with very great ability against the most eminent
lawyers of New York who received thousands of
dollars for their fees, and his compensation was
not. sufficient to pay him for printing his brief. I
want to know if the bill affords relief in a case of
that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I made myself under-
stood, the Senator fiom Rhode Island would have
perceived that the bill does not interfere at all with
the existing law unless a district attorney makes
applications to have a better compensation than
he now gets. Of course, therefore, it interferes
with no district attorney except at his option. It
authorizes him to make an application to the At-
torney General stating that the emoluments of his
office are insufficient—any district attorney any-
where in the United States—and if lie makes that
showing satisfactorily to the Attorney General that
officer is authorized to assign linn a salary, with
the assent of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think it would be bet-
ter to have the bill printed, so that we can look
at it and examine it. It stiikeg me that the pre-
cedent is a very bad one to set.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is not
aware that the bill has already been printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not seen it.
Mr. SUMNER. It isonourtables. Am I not
right?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not sure whether it
is or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that the bill has notbeen printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go over. I desire
that the Senate should see it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
without a motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. _ I wish to suggest a little
amendment to the bill in the form of a proviso:
Provided, That no increased compensation shall be al-
lowed under this act to any attorney unless in a district in
which there is a poit of entry.
If it is limited to that, it will be better. I am
not sure that I will vote for it then, but it would
improve it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be printed with the bill.
AID TO THE STATES IN EMANCIPATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the message of
the President proposing cooperation with the States
which may adopt the gradual abolishment of sla-
very, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee to
whom was referred the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives, (H. R. No. 48,) de-
claring that Congress ought to cooperate with,
affording pecuniary aid to any State which may
adopt the gradual abolishment of slavery, have
instructed me to report back the joint resolution,
with a recommendation that it pass. If no one
wishes to discuss the resolution, as it is a ques-
tion which everybody understands, and we can
probably take a vote upon it at once, I should like
to put it upon its passage.
Mr. POWELL. It had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, it
must he over.
Mr. POWELL and Mr. SAULSBURY. I
object.
ORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
171) to reorganize the Navy Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will consent to let that bill he for a day or
two, for this reason: the Senator fiom Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] takes a very deep interest in the
bill in one particular, and that is m reference to
the Light-House Board 
Mr. GRIMES. I have learned already the
strength of the Senator from Maine and the Sen-
ator from Maryland, conjoined to the influence
that I shall be compelled to resist if I insist on re-
taining the section to which the Senator alludes,
and therefore I am going to move to strike it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator propose
to sti ike out all about the light-house system, and
leave it as it is?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no further objec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 171) establishing'two
bureaus in the Navy Department, was resumed as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the sev-
enth section, to which the Senator from Maine
objects.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words " and lights"
in the seventh line of the first section should also
be stricken out, where it says " a bureau of hy-
drography and lights."
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, but I move first to strike
out the seventh section.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec 7. Jhul he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tiea*ury be, and he hereby, authouzed mid irquued
to transfer, as soon as may he after the parage of thw act,
all the cleiks, books, papeis, archives, aids to navigation,
and other propeity belonging or attached to the Light-House
Hoard or under its coimol for the use or seivicc of the Light-
House P.oaid, to the Navy Department, which Department
shall hcioaUer be held lesponsible for the efficiency of the
system of the auK of navigation established by the United
States, and the dunes and functions of the members of the
Light-House Doaid and the secretaries thereof shall cease
upon such transfer.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move in the seventh
line of the first section to amend by striking out
the words " and lights," after " hydiogmphy."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, GRIMES, In the eighteenth line of the
second section I move to insert the words " un 
less otherwise heretofore provided by law;" so
as to make the clause read, "each of which chiefs
of bureaus shall receive a salary of $3,500 per an-
num, unless otherwise heretofore provided by
law." Congress has on two different occasions
recognized the services that it is universally ad-
mitted Captain Dahlgren has rendered to the coun-
try by his improvements in the manufacture of
cannon, by authorizing him to draw the pay of
the grade next highest above him. In the pay bill
which was passed two years ago this spring, a
provision was incoiporated which uuthorizedhim,
being a commander, to draw the pay of a captain.
My purpose in offering this amendment is to leave
the President, if he sees fit to employ the services
of Captain Dahlgren at the head of a bureau, the
privilege of doing so without any diminution of
the salary to which he is now by law entitled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to shape
his amendment so as to cover another case. By
the law as it stands—I do not understand how it
was brought about—the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks receives only $3,400 per an-
num. Pie ought to receive $3,500, as the others
do. I should like to have that provided for. There
is no reason why the distinction should be made;
but the amendment, as suggested by the Senator,
will continue it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to accommodate
the Senator; he may put the amendment in a shape
to suit himself; but while he is drawing it, I wish
to submit another as an additional section.
The VICE PRESIDENT'. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call the special order.
Mr. GRIMES. I think this bill can be passed
in ten minutes, if the Senator from Virginia is
willing to extend that time to us.
Mr. WILLEY. I am entirely willing to con-
form to the wishes of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will regard the special order as
suspended temporarily, subject to the motion of
the Senator from Virginia to take it up at any
time. The amendmentof the Senator fromlowa
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert
the following as a new section:
Jlnd be it farther cnactcd, That when a fleet captain serves
in oris borne on the books of any voss-el ot the Navy making
a prize, such fleet captain, if of the rank of captain, shall
be entitled to one twelfth part, and if of the rank of com-
mandet, to one fifteenth pait of the prize inoupy accruing
to the raptors fiom such prize; the said twelfth orhfteenth
part, as the case may lie, to be deducted fiom the amount
due to the captor*, and the lcm-under to be disttibutrd as
hcretofoie directed hy law: Provided, That the allowance
heiein made to fleet captains shall take effect fiom the com-
mencement of the piesent war; the «haie due them to be
deducted fiom the moiety due to the United States meases
of captmes made pnor to the passage of this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken
on that, I will suggest to the Senator from Iowa
the amendment that I propose to reach his case.
It is to add at the end of the second section the
following proviso:
Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to affect any ptovisions heretofore made by law in
spccial cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on agreeing to the separate
section proposed by the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will move this
proviso to the second section, as suggested hy the
Senator, if he will accept it as an amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to affect any piovisions heretofore made by law in
special cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. What was done with the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Iowa?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear any vote taken on
it. I want to suggest the propriety of altering the
latter clause of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair put the
question, and declared it a vote distinctly.
Mr. HALE. I was watching it, and I did not
notice it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be excepted when the bill is reported to the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move further to amend the
bili, by inserting a new section in these words:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
