1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
^It-
Mr. ARNOLD. I propose the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Except so far as such expenditure may bo necessary for
military and naval purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know where
the gentleman proposes to have that amendment
come in. I do not see exactly how it is relevant.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 propose to have it added to
the end of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, when I had the honor before
of opposing the proposition which has given rise
to this discussion this morning, I did it with the
view of saving to the Treasury the §300,000 an-
nually appropriated for the benefit of the Coast
Survey. We have heard from gentlemen in favor
of retaining that appropriation, that that survey
has been and is very useful in carrying on the
war against the-rebellion. That is not denied by
those who desire to suspend that survey during
the progress of this war; and nearly everything
which has been said, and the testimonials which
have been introduced here from the military and
naval forces, certifying to the value of these sur-
veys, do not meet the question which is now pre-
sented for the consideration of the House. The
question now is, is it necessary, in the present
condition of our financial affairs, that this appro-
priation should be continued for that purpose?
Why, we are told this expenditure has been going
on for more than half a century; that for more
than half a century the Government has been ac-
cumulating the information which they are now
using to advantage in the prosecution of this war.
What my amendment proposes is, that while we
are actually engaged in war, while these opposing
forces are actually grappling with each other,
every energy of the Government should be used
for the purpose of putting down this rebellion,
and that we cannot pause amid this contest to
make these surveys along the coast. I am per-
fectly willing that the Coast Survey, in its organ-
ization, should be continued, so far as may be
necessary for military and naval purposes, but I
apprehend that it is not necessary to expend
$300,000 during this year. You can avail your-
self of the advantages and of the knowledge de-
rived from these surveys up to the present period
of time, and those parties now detailed in the ser-
vice of the country can be continued.
But, beyond that, I submit* for the considera-
tion of the House, whether we ought to continue
this large expenditure. Why, Mr. Chairman, we
shall hear, I apprehend, from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, of the difficul-
ties and embarrassments under which the Gov-
ernment and the Treasury are now laboring. And
it seems to me that every expenditure which is
not absolutely necessary for the purpose of car-
rying oil the war should be suspended during the
existence of this insurrection. When that shall
have been done, we may return to the expendi-
ture, and prosecute the work still further, if it is
desirable. But, in the mean time, I trust that the
amendment which provides that 110 appropriation
shall be made, unless absolutely necessary for the
purposes of the Army and Navy, and that all
such appropriations shall be suspended, will pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems that
we are somewhat involved in difficulty by the
various propositions which have been presented
m relation to the Coast Survey. None of these
latest propositions arc strictly in order, we hav-
ing passed from the subject. But in order to re-
lieve the House from difficulty upon the subject,
it seems to me that the only practical way of meet-
ing the views of the House is this: to vote down
all the propositions that are pending, embracing
the striking out of the whole sum; and after that
to allow the chairman to make a motion to reduce
the first sum §50,000,and the nextsnm §100,000;
or, if he does not desire to make that motion, to
allow some member to make it. For one, I do not
feel willing to strike out the whole sum. I think
that would be unwise; and yet 1 cordially sym-
pathize with those who would save some money
m this item of expenditure. I think that for the
survey of the Atlantic and Gulf we might well
save §50,000; and that for the survey of the west-
ern coast of the United States, instead of §100,000,
we might very well get along with §50,000. If
that shall meet with the assent of the House, 1
will ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means either to move such an amendment,
provided these provisoes shall be voted down, or
allow some other member of the House to move
it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that while I, my-
self, cannot make a motion, because I do not think
the appropriation is too large, it will giveme pleas-
ure, if I shall have control of the matter, to allow
another member to make the motion. In the
mean time I think we should adopt the present
amendment of my friend upon the left, because if
the House should not adopt the amendmentof the
gentleman from Illinois, we shall have the whole
suspended.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois was itself an amendment
to an amendment, and no further amendment is
in order.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I now offer, as an
amendment to the amendment, to be added there-
to, the words " unless deemed necessaryfornaval
purposes." I offer the amendment not for the
purpose of supporting it, but to enable me to say
that, in my judgment, any such proviso is wholly
unnecessary. I apprehend that no gentleman will
deny that the commanders of our Army and Navy
have all the power to cause surveys to be made,
which it is necessary to exercise. I am of the opin-
ion, sir, that we have by no means yet fathomed
the expense of this coast survey, and I ask the
attention of gentlemen to the phraseology of this
bill relating to the subject:
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the
United States, (including compensation of civilians en-
gaged m the work, and excluding pay and emoluments of
officers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers and men
of the Navy employed on the work,) $178,000.
Has any gentleman yet ascertained how many
officers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers
and men of the Navy, are employed m this work,
and to what their compensation amounts? I ap-
prehend not. We simply know this, that the sum
called for is an enormous sum, and I question
whether any gentleman will be found to deny
that the Government is unable in this crisis of our
affairs to supply the money for this purpose. I
know, sir, that the obligations of the Government,
incurred as long ago as the first week in the month
of November last, for the labor of mechanics in
the navy-yard at Brooklyn, remained unsatisfied,
and, as I have reason to believe, for want of funds,
until after the middle of last month. I know that
other liabilities of this Government, involving in
the highest degree the public faith, remain unpaid,
and are likely "to remain unsatisfied for an indefinite
period to come.
Now, it does seem to me that the proposition
offered by the honorable member from Illinois,
[Mr. Arnold,] is a most proper and salutary one.
It leaves entirely outof view the value of the coast
survey; and we may all of us admit, and still vote
to sustain the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, all that has been said of the great value of
this survey, and all that is claimed for it in this
series of resolutions adopted yesterday by the
Chamber of Commerce of New York. And here
permit me to remark that ma recent report of the
Chamber another view is taken of the value to
commerce of this survey. The fact is there stated
that the rates of premium for marine insurance,
which, I apprehend, every gentleman will concede
is a test and criterion of the safety of our com-
merce on the coast, have not been essentially re-
duced since the year 1819. Sir, what does that
argue? I ask the friends of the Coast Survey—and
I rank myself in that category—I ask the gentle-
men who are telling us of the great value of this
survey, what that fact argues? To my mind it
argues that the country has been laboring under
some degree of misapprehension in regard to the
practicalresults of this work. Iflhadtime Ishould
like to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Biddle] in what manner it is that he proposes to
hold the Executive Departments of this Govern- j
ment responsible for what they do with the money? j
I have heard the same suggestion here before, and
I will be very thankful to some gentleman if he
will explain "to me how wo can conscientiously
and properly shirk any portion of the responsibil-
ity that in my view belongs to us, by shifting it
upon the shoulders of the Executive Departments?
What does the gentleman propose to do, sir ? Will
he have the hea'ds of Departments tried for mal-
feasance in office by court-martial, or by the civil
tribunals, and shot, or otherwise punished ? f ap-
prehend not. I must regard it as a mere figure of
rhetoric. I think that our duty is to scrutinize all
these expenditures, to cuttliern down to the utmost
possible extent, excluding all which can by pos-
sibility be omitted at this time, and I apprehend
that these appropriations relative to the Coast
Survey are of the number. I now withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I renew the amendment. In
order that this question may be fairly considered
and acted upon, I beg to call the attention of the
House to the estimates in detail for these appro-
priations. For the general expenses of all sec-
tions the sum of §19,000 is asked. For the first
section—for the coast of Maine, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, and Rhode Island—the sum of
§61,000 is asked. Is that work at all necessary
to carry on our present operations to put down
the rebellion?
In the seeond section of the general estimates
ot appropriation there is asked for the coast of
Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, and part of Delaware, the sum of $17,500,
A portion of this sum is to be appropriated for
work on the Hudson river. I know of my own
knowledge, that, for the past five or six years,
there has been a revenue cutter stationed every
summer on the Hudson river, and that while em-
ployed in the work of surveying that river, the
officers have been engaged in the more pleasant
and agreeable duty of partaking of the elegant
hospitalities of the residents of that section of
country.
The third section asks for the coast of Dela-
ware, Maryland, and part of Virginia, the sum of
§13,500; for the coast of Virginia and part of
North Carolina, §15,800; for the coast of North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, §16,000;
for the coast of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Texas, the sum of §36,000; malt-
ing a total for the Atlantic coast and the Gulf of
Mexico of the sum of §178,000. For the Pacific
coast §111,000 is asked, and, I think, that might
be entirely dispensed with.
Now, sir, for the purpose of keeping this bureau
in existence, which has done much valuable and
useful work, the sum of §50,000 would be ample;
and for the purpose of sweeping away all the fog
that has gathered about this question, I hope the
proposition suggested by the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] will be agreed to. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew the amendment. This mat-
ter of retrenchment is always a very disagreeable
task. You cannot cut off expenditures without
hitting some one. There is the same trouble in
private life; where the income does not meet the
outgo, it is a difficult matter to retrench. Still the
necessity seems to be upon us. We must either
do one thing or the other; we must either limit
the outgo or we must increase the income. Now
it does seem to me that wherever it is practicable
to limit the outgo, it is part of our duty to do it.
I was at first inclined to vote for this appropria-
tion, living near the coast, and knowing the ben-
efit that this survey has been to us in our opera-
tions on the southern coast; but on looking into
the matter, it will be found that the officers of the
Coast Survey are naval officers, and that they can
render these services, which they are now con-
stantly rendering to the fleet, as well without this
appropriation as with it.
Appropriations are proposed here for the pros-
ecution of new works. An appropriation is made,
as has been read by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Baker,] for the New England coast.
That is for the purpose of completing the survey
of that coast, and so as to the whole coast between
New England and the Florida keys. It is not
for the purpose of contributing in any way, di-
rectly or indirectly, to the naval operations of the
Government, and the same may be said in relation
to the appropriation for the Pacific coast.
Well now, sir, when we propose to limit the
outgo in relation to the franking privilege, we are
told that it is small and mean,and the same thing
is said when we propose to reduce^ any of the
smaller items of this bill; but in this case that
objection does not lie. Here is a respectable sum,
and it is a sum which is not absolutely necessary
