1862. ,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3219
in the chair.) By unanimous consent the report
can be taken up. The Chair hears no objection.
The report will be read.
Mr. HALE. It was read yesterday. The bill
is now here. I have no objection to its being read
again.
The Secretary read the report, as follow:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses to the bill (IJ'. It. No. 422) making appro-
priations for the naval scrvice for tlie year ending June 30,
18G3, have mot, and after full and fiee conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend,to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That the House rccedo from thoir disagreement to the
Senate's second, fourth, twenty-ninth, forty-second, and
Jortv-eighth amendments, and agree to the same.
That the Senate iccede from their eleventh, nineteenth
twentieth, twenty first, twenty-filth, twenty-sixth, thirty-
fiist, thirty-fourth, forty-first, foriy-third, and forty seventh
amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the (louse to their fourteenth amendment,
and agiee to the same.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to The
Senate's forty-sixth amendment, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows : after tlie word "thirty,"
in line tlnee of said amendment, add the woid " five."
That the House leeede from their disagreement to so
much of tlie Senate's twenty-second amendment as pro-
poses to inseit the words, " Provided, The Secietary of the
Navy can procure a satisfactory title to the whole thereof,
sixty-five thousand," and agree to the same, with the fol-
lowingamendment: strike out the words piopo^ed to beitt-
seited, and after the woid "dollars," in line twenty-four,
mseit, " Provided, That the chief of the Bureau ot Yards
and Docks be, and he is heieby, authorized to puieha^e that
portion of Seavey's Island lying west of the toad, foi such
sum as to him may seem reasonable and advantageous to
the Government.55
That the Senate recede from so much of their twenty-
second amendment as proposes to strike out the words
" fourteen thousand five hundied.55
JOIIN P. HALE,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part o f the Senate.
TUADDEUS STEVEN*3,
C. B. SEDGWICK,
Managers on the jiart of the House.
1 dissent from this repoit. N
E. B. WASIIBURNE
The report was concurred in.
ARMY OF TIIE POTOMAC.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolution
of inquiry offered by me a few days ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
nutted by Mr. Chandler on the 7th instant:
Resolved. That tlie Seeietaiy of War be directed to fur-
nish, for the use of the Senate, ail oideis of the Executive
to Major General Geoige B. McClellan, relative to the ad-
vance of the aimy of the Potomac upon Richmond, and all
coircspondence between the said General Geoige B. Mc-
Clellan and the Executive, from the date of the President's
ordei to the said General McClellan to advance upon Ma-
nassas on the22dol Kolnuary, 186*2, and the ls>t day of May,
3862; likewise the numerical foiee of the anny of the Po-
tomac, a^ s-liown by the mottling lolh on tlie 1st days of
November and Pecembei, 1861, and Jatmaiy, February,
and March, 18G2; the numbci of troops which Geneial Mr-
Clellan took to Forttess Monroe, the number at Poitress
Aloinoc, and the number of i enforcements supplied him up
to and including the y.'>th day of June, ISA-
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the res-
olution in various pat uculais, so as to make it read
as follows:
ResolvoK That the President of the United States he re-
quested to lurmsJi, for the use of the Senate, all oiders of
the Executive to Major General Geoige U. McClellan lela-
tive to tlie irdvanoo of the ai my of the Potomac upcyi Rich-
mond, and all conespondonce between the said Geneial
George B. McClellan and the Executive, not inconsistent
with the public interests, tiom the date of the Piusident5*
Geneial Oidf r No 1, January 27, 1862, and the 1st day of
May, 1862; likewise the uumcucal force of the army of the
Potomac, as Miowu by the morning lolls on the 1st dajs of
Novembei and December, 1861, and January, February,
andMaich, 1862; the number of troops which Gcnctal Mo j
Clellan took to Foitress Monroe, the number at lAnuess
Monroe, and the number of remfoicement* supplied him up
to and including the 25th day of June, 1862.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be modified according to the suggestions
of the Senator from Michigan, he having the right
to modify it.
Mr. RICE. I would suggest that the resolu-
tion be so amended as to include not only the cor-
respondence of the Executive, but of the War
Department also.
Mi-. CHANDLER. I am perfectly willing to
put that in, though the term " executive" coveis
the War Department, I think.
Mr. RICE. And where it says the " 1st clay of
May" I should like to have inserted the " 1st day
of July."
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution*
will bo so modified; It is competent for the mover
of the resolution to modify it before the Senate
takes action on it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am prepared to discuss
the resolution, but 1 do not wish to take time if
there is no objection to it.
Mr. WRICxHT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on, the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, when the res-
olution of the Senator from Michigan was read
the other day, I could not refrain an expression
of surprise that in the midst of such, a crisis as
the present—a crisis which affects and concerns
all the people of this continent and threatens to
involve the civilized Governments and people of
the Old World—that an inquiry should be set on
foot, the result, 1 will not say the object of which
must be to divide the friends of thp Union and to
unite the enemies of the Union. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, when later in the day the same Senator in
the course of a debate upon another subject, pro-
ceeded in language and manner sufficiently violent
and declamatory, to explain the purpose he had in
view and almost in terms to declare his determina-
tion to bring contempt and dishonor upon one of
the generals in the American service, my first feel-
ing of surprise was changed into profound morti-
fication and regret.
I will not stop to examine or to discuss the Sena-
tor's resolution, nor yet to reply to the somewhat
official figures with which he garnished his speech
to prove that General McClellan had more troops
in his command than is alleged by those better
acquainted with his plans than myself. Nor does
it become me to defend him against the charge of
letting his countrymen die upon the peninsula, and
of not advancing upon Richmond. It is not to
my taste to go back to the field of Manassas and to
say that two hundred and thirty thousand Union
soldiers were held at bay by less than thirty thou-
sand rebels. I know little of the art of war, and if I
had had any ambition for eminence in that partic-
ular pastime, the experience of some of our polit-
ical martinets would have dissuaded me from the
experiment. I am willing to trust, the men who
arc placed in command of the Army until they are
proved to be incompetent or corrupt. It is incon-
ceivable to my mind that an American general
would deliberately commit any"of the acts which
have been sometimes attributed to General Mc-
Clellan, and therefore I have rather refened the
exaggerated statements of his opponents to per-
sonal ill will, or, it may be, political apprehen-
sion and distrust. Judging, however, from the
explosive rhetoric of the Senator from Michigan,
who seems desirous of seeking for a " gieat crim-
inal," and who takes pains to suy that this crim-
inal is either Abraham Lincoln or George P>. Mc-
Clellan, General McClellan must have committed
some horrible atrocity. I take it for granted that
the Senator does not intend the President of the
United States, whom he assisted to elect, and in
supporting whose administration he, as well as
myself, so far as putting down this rebellion is con-
cerned, is daily striving to do his uttermost; but it
puzzles me considerably how the commanding
general of the army of the Potomac can be guilty
of crime or can deserve to be " deprived of office
and suffer the extreme penalty of the law" in view
of the fact that ho has now been in a conspicuous
position for more than a year, and that all his acts
have been revised, if not approved, by the Presi-
dent himself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana will suspend his remarks. The fur-
ther consideration of this resolution is superseded
by the special order of the day, which is the bill
(S. No. 384) to amend the act calling forth the
militia to execute ihe laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, approved Feb-
ruary 28, 3795, to which an amendment has been
moved, and an amendment to that amendment is
now pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the special
order be postponed until the vote is taken upon
this resolution.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. If no objection
be made the Chair will assume 
Mr. FOSTER and Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the sense of the Senate must be taken.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Chair will be kind enough
to listen to me he will hear what my objection is.
My objection is not to allowing the Senator from
Indiana to go on, but to't'he motion as stated by
the Senator from Michigan, that the bill shall be
suspended until a final vote shall be taken on this
resolution, for I do not know how many Senators
aic going to follow the Senator from Indiana., I
want to hear him through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chaii; was
about to state the question on the motion as made
by the Senator from Michigan. Does the Senator
modify that motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. I move to modify that motion
so that the special ord&r be suspended informally
until the Senator from Indiana is through.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be sus-
pended until the action of the Senate shall bring
it before the body again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie Senator
from Michigan movep that the special order of the
day and all other orders be postponed until final
action on this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator from
Indiana is content that the whole subject shall lie
over.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very anxious to take up
the confiscation bill and vote on it. I will not
stand in the way.
Mr. CHANDLER. No man is more anxious
to take up the confiscation bill and vote upon it
than myself; but I deem this resolution the most
important question now before the Senate. The
whole country is in a state of excitement and
alarm, and the information called for by this res-
olution will give justwhatthey require, just what
they demand, and I can see no reason why any
man should object to furnishing it, and therefore
I insist upon my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest, for the consideration of the Senate, re-
spectfully, that by common consent the special
order be passed over informally until the conclu-
sion of the remarks of the Senator from Indiana,
and then the subject will he open to motions for
further postponement or for proceeding with the
consideration of the special order; but as a matter
of courtesy to the Senator from Indiana, the Chair
suggests that by unanimous consent the special
order be passed over until the conclusion of his
remmks. ["Agreed."] The Senator from In-
diana will proceed with his remarks on the reso-
lution before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, General Mc-
Clellan is not a citizen of my State. I believe he
was first honored by a command in this great
Aimy for the preservation of the Union by and
upon the recommendation of Governor Dennison,
of Ohio. It is none of. my especial business to de-
fend him here; but I cannot refiatn, overwhelmed
by my responsibility as an American Senator, and
looking forward to the fearful future which these
internal dissensions seem to invite, to say u few
words, if not in his vindication, at least a few
words to stay the tide, which, if the Senator from
Michigan can'effect it, bids fair to crush him.
Mr. President, General McClellan has notbeen
a newspaper general. He has not sought to write
himself into renow,n, or courted others so to do.
One of the main charges against him has been his
somewhat too consistent refusal to afford facili-
ties to newspaper correspondents. His name has
been the theme of comment far and wide, here as
well as in Europe; and I notice in the journals
• published in Berlin, where I had the honor to rep-
resent my country as nnnistpr for a few years—
and perhaps there is no portion of the Old World
where there is so much discussion on military
matters as there is in Prussia—that military men
find no topic more fruitful than the tactics and pol-
icy of our young general. And yet, although de-
bated and not inconsiderably denounced in public
assemblies, and most mdiscieetly, as I conceive,
in some of the journals of the day, no one woid
has been volunteered by General McClellan in his
own behalf. His reticence and silence, under all
the circumstances, has been remarkable. A more
impulsive man—and we are constantly told that
youth is most impulsive, and General McClellan
is a very young man—would have rushed into
print and insisted upon such a defense of his con-
duct us would at least assure his friends that he
was not indiffeient to his fame. His studied si-
lence is probably his best eulogy and his surest
vindication.
I will not go back to his campaign upon the im-
