1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tee propose to amend the section by adding the
following words:
By the person so ©wiling, possessing, or having the care
and management as aforesaid, shall be received as the list
of such person.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the ninth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any such per-
son shall deliver or disclose to any assessor or assistant as-
sessor appointed in pursuance of this act, and requiring a
list or lists, as aforesaid, any false or fraudulent list or state-
ment, with .intent to defeat or evade the valuation or enu-
meration hereby intended to be made, such person so offend-
ing, and being thereof convicted befoie any court having
competent jurisdiction, shall be fined in a sum not exceed-
ing $500, at the discretion of the court, and shall pay all
costs and charges of prosecution; and the valuation and
enumeration required by this act shall, in all such oases,
and in all cases of under-valuation or under-statement in
such lists or statements, be made, as aforesaid, upon lists,
according to the form prescribed, to be made out by the as-
sessors and assistant assessors, respectively; which lists
the said assessors and assistant assessors are hereby au-
thorized and required to make according tothebestiutorin-
ation they can obtain, and for the purpose of making which
they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon all and
singular the premises, respectively; and from the valuation
and enumeration so made there shall be no appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section by striking out,
in the seventh and eighth lines, the words y be-
fore any court having competent jurisdiction,"
and inserting "on indictment found therefor in
any circuit or district court of the United States
held in the district in which such offense may be
committed,
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the tenth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case any per-
son shall be absent from lus or her place of residence at the
time an assistant assessor shall call to receive the list of
such person, it shall be the duty of such assistant assessor
to leave at the place of residence of such person, with some
person of suitable age and discretion, if such be present,
otherwise to deposit in the nearest post office a written note
or memorandum addressed to such person, requiring him
or her to present to such assessor the list or lists required
by this act within ten days from the date ot such note or
memorandum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee having proposed no amendment to this sec-
tion, the next will be read.
The Secretary read section eleven, as follows:
Sec. XI. And be 11 further enacted, That if any person,
on being notified or required, as aforesaid, shall lefuse or
neglect to give such list or lists within the time required,
as aforesaid, it sliall lie the duty of the assessor for the as-
sessment district within which such person shall reside,
and he is hereby authorized and required, to enter into and
upon the premises, if it be necessary, of such persons so
refusing or neglecting, and to make, according to the best
infoimation which he can obtain, and on Ins own view
and information, such lists of propeity, goods, wares, and
moichandise, and all articles or objects liable to duty or
taxation, owned or possessed, or under the care or man-
agement of suell personals are required by thin act, inelud-
in« the amount, if any, due for liccnsc; and. in case of
such refusal,the a^se=soi shall thereupon doulilc the amount
of the items thereof: anil tile lists so made and subscribed
by such assessor, shall be taken and reputed as good and
sufficient lists of the persons and properly for which such
person is to be taxed for the purposes of this net; and the
person so failing or neglecting, unless in case ot sickness
or failure to receive the notice, shall, moreover, forleit and
pay the sum of $10U,except wheie otherwise provided tor,
to he recovered for the use ot the United Mates, with costs
of suit, 111 any court having competent jurisdiction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose to amend this section, be-
tween the fourteenth and eighteenth lines inclu-
sive, by striking out the words, " and in case of
such refusal, the assessor shall thereupon double
the amount of the items thereof," and inserting
in lieu of them the words, " and in case of refusal
or neglect to make such lists, except in cases of
sickness, the assessors shall thereupon add fifty
"per cent, to the amount of the items thereof."
Mr. HOWE. I want to suggest what will be
the effect of that amendment. 1 am not going to
oppose it, but I am going to vote against it. i he
effect of it, as I understand, is just this: the as-
sessor calls upon an individual for a list ot his
property; if he makes it, well atitl good; if he docs
not make it, if he refuses to make it, or neglects
to make it, and lias not the excuse of sickness for
that refusal or neglect, it imposes this work upoji
the assessor, that ho may put down the list of
items of the man's property, so far as he knows
them, and lie may add fifty percent, to the amount,
which is all right, provided you know that the
assessor can tell within fifty per cent, all the items
which make up any man's estate. I do not sup-
pose that there is a man living who can come
within five hundred per cent, of mentioning the
items which make up any great fortune in this
country.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose further to amend the section by strik-
ing out the following words at the conclusion of
the section:
And the person so failing or neglecting, unless in ease
of sickness or failuie to receive the notice, shall, moreover,
forfeit and pay the sum of $100, exccpt where otherwise
provided for, to be recovered lor the use of the United
States, with costs of suit, in any court having competent
jurisdiction.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is the only security
left. I thought the fifty per cent, was some se-
curity; but if we do not have that there ought to
be this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it stands now, we
require double the amount.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose this ought not to be
struck out, but I still think the section will be
imperfect, it will have to be amended; but as I
understood the order of procedure as announced
from the Chair, we were to go through with the
bill by sections, and act upon the amendments
reported by the committee, and after that has been
done the bill willstill be subject to further amend-
ment. I understand by the order announced this
section will still be open to amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole bill
and every part of it will be open to amendment
after the Senate shall have gone through with
the amendments reported by the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read section twelve, as follows:
Sec. 12. And beit further enacted, That whenever there
shall be m any assosment district any property, goods,
wares, and merchandise, articles, or objects, not owned or
possessed by, or under the care or management of, any per-
son oi persons within such district, and liable to be taxed,
as aloiesaid, and no list of which shall have been trans-
mitted to the assistant assessor in the manner provided by
this act, it shall be the duty of the assistant assessor for
such district, and he is hereby authonzcil and required, to
enter into and upon the premises ot' such person or persons,
if it be necessary, and take such view thereof, and to make
lists of the same, according to the form prescribed, which
lists, being subscribed by the said assessor, shall be taken
and reputed as good and sufficient lists ot suell property,
goods, wares, and merchandise, articles, or objects, as
aforesaid, under and for the purposes ot this act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose a verbal amendment in this section by
striking out, in line ten,-the words " if it bo ne-
cessary" after " persons," and inserting, in line
eleven, the words " as may be necessary" after
" thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section thirteen, as follows:
Snc. 13. Ami be it further enacted, That the owners, pos-
sessors, or persons having the care or management ol prop-
erty, "cods, wares, and meicliandi&e, articles, or object-., not
lym^or hems within the assessment di>triet in which they
reside, shall be permitted to make out and deliver the lists
thereof required by this act (provided the assessment dis-
tnct in which the said objects of duly or taxation ho oi be
is therein distinctly stated,) at the time nod in the manner
preseiibed to the assistant assessor of the assessment dis-
trict wherein such persons reside. And it shall be the duty
ol the assistant assessor who leceives any isueh list to tians-
mit the same to the assistant assessor whore such objects
of taxation aic situate, who shall examine such list; and
if he approves the same, lie shall return it to the assistant as-
sessoi lioin whom he leceivedit, with his approval tlieieot;
and if he (ails to approve the same, lie shall make such al-
terations therein as he may deem to be just and pioper, and
=ha!l then letum the said list, with such alterationstheiein
or additions theieto. to the assistant assessor Horn whom
he received the said list; ami the assistant assessor, wheie
the person liable to pay sticli tax resides, shall pioeeed 111
making the assessment of Hie tax upon the list by linn so
leeeived, in all respects as if the said listhad iwen made out
by himself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment being proposed by the committee to this
section, the next section will be read.
The Secretary read section fourteen, as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the lists afore-
*aid Miall, wlii're not otherwise specially provided foi, be
taken with retWonce the day fixed for that purpose by
tins act, as aforesaid, and wheie duties acciue atolhei and
dim.,cut times, the lists shall be taken Willi reference to
Uleume \v hen said dune become due ;; andI the af > an
'assessois, icspeetivelv, alter collecting the  a,d lists, snail
proceed to arrange the same, and to make two genen 1 >t -
ho fir<4 of which shall exhibit, in alph.ibetic.il or ier, tne
names of all pui^oni liable to pay any duty, ta*>
m der tins act. residing within tlic assessment disti ot, to-
gether with ^he vaine and assessment, or emnnerat.oir, as
the case may require, of the objects liable to duty or taxa-
tion within such district for which each such person Is lia-
ble," or for which any firm, company, or corporation is lis-
bie, with the amount of duty or tax payable thereon; and
the second list shall exhibit, in alphabetical order, thenames
of ail persons residing out of the collection districtyowners
of property within die district, together with the value
and assessment or enumeration thereof, as the case jnay
be, with the amount of duty or tax payable thereon as afore-
said. The forms of the said general list shall be devised
and prescribed by the assessor, under the direction Of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and lists taken accord-
ing to such forms shall be made out by the assistant as-
sessors and delivered to the assessor within thirty days
after the day fixed by this act, as aforesaid, requiring lists
from individuals, or where duties, licenses, or taxes accrue
at other and different times, the lists shall be delivered from
time to time as they become due. And if any assistant as-
sessor shall fail to perform any duty assigned by this act
within the time prescribed by his precept, warrant, or other
legal instructions, not being prevented therefrom by sick-
ness or other unavoidable accident^ every such assistant as-
sessor shall be discharged from oftice, and shall, moreover,
forfeit and pay $200, to be recovered for the use of the Uni-
ted States, in any court having competentjurisdiction,witll
costs of suit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section in the last line
of it by striking out the words " in any court
having competent jurisdiction, "so as to read '* to
be recovered for the use of the United States with
costs of suit."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section fifteen, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That immediately
after the annual valuations and enumerations shall have
been completed, as aforesaid, the assessor In each assess-
ment district shall, by advertisement in some public news-
paper, if any there be in such district, and by written or
printed notifications, to be publicly posted up at least ill
four of the most public places in each assessment district,
advertise all persons concerned of the place where the said
lists, valuations, and enumerations maybe examined; ana
when and where, within fifteen days after the publication
of the notification as aforesaid, appeals will be received and
determined by him relative to any erroneous or excessive
valuations or enumerations by the assistant assessor. And
it shall be the duty of the assessor in each assessment dis-
trict, at the tune fixed for hearing such appeals as aforesaid,
to submit the proceedings of the assistant assessor and the
list by him received or taken as aforesaid, to the inspection
of any and all persons who shaii apply for that purpose;
and the said assessor is hereby authorized to receive, hear*
and determine in a summary way, according to Jaw an<,
light, upon any and all appeals which maybe exhibited
against the proceedings of the said assistant assessors: Pro-
vided, That the question to be determined by the assessor,
on an appeal respecting the valuation or enumeration o-
property, or objects liable to duty or taxation, shall be.
whether the valuation complained of be or be not in a just
relation or proportion to other valuations in the same assess-
ment district, and whether the enumeration be or be no-
correct. And all appeals to the assessor, ns aforesaid,
<5hall be made in wnting, and shall specify the particular
cause, matter, or thing rejecting which a decision is re-
quested, and ^halljinoieovei,state thegroundor principle of
inequality oi ciror complained of. And the assessor shall
have power to reexamine and equalize the valuations as
shall appear just and equitable; but no valuation or enu-
meration shall be increased without a previous notice of at
l^tfive days to the party interested, to appearand object,
to the same, if he judge proper; which notice shall hegiven
by a note in writing, to be leit at the dwelling house, office,
or place of business of the party, by such assessor or an
assistant assessor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thecommit-
lee propose to amend this section by striking out
after the word 44 that" in the first line all down
to the proviso, and inserting as follows:
The assessors for each collection district shall, by ad-
vertisement in home public newspaper published in each
county within said distnet, if any such there be, and oy
written or printed notifications, to be posted up in at ieast
four public places within each assessment district, adver-
tise all persons Concerned of the time and place within said
comity when and where the lists, valuations, and enumer-
ations made and taken in said county may be examined,
and said lists shall lemain open for examination for the
K,ace of fifteen days alter notice shall
aforesaid. And said notifications shall also state when and
wheie withm said county, alter the expiration of said nr-
teen days, appeals will be leeeived and determined by hnn
relative to any eironeous or ^^^.^'^v^ation, or „u
merations by the assistant assessors. And it shall be the
duty of the assessor for each collection district, at the tune
fixed for hearing <?ueh appeal as aloiesaid, to submit the
proceedings of the assistant assessor, and the lists taken
and returned as afoiesaid, to the inspection of any and all
nei^ons who may apply for that purpose. And the said as-
sessor for each collection district is hereby authorised, at
anv tune within fifteen days from and after the expiration
of "the time allowed for notification as aforesaid, to hear
and determine, in a summary way, according to law and
riWit upon any and all appeals which may be exhibited
against the proceedings of the said assistant assessors.
This being a proposition to strike out and in-
sert, both the matter proposed to be stricken out
and the matter proposed to be inserted instead of
it, are open to be perfected by way of amendment
before the vote shall be taken on striking out and
inserting. ,
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend this amend-
