1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
entitled "An act to provide for the temporary increase of
the Navy,5' approved July 24.1861, be constiued so as to
include acting engineers as well as acting paymasters and
other officois.
The Senate will observe, by reference to the
272d page of the statutes passed at the extra ses-
sion, that provision was made for the appoint-
ment of acting lieutenants, acting paymasters,
acting assistant surgeons, acting masters, and act-
ing masters' mates, and ratifying al! appointments
that had been made of alh-thcsc officers up to that
time; but by some oversight or other the word
" engineers" was not included, and it has never
been discovered by the accounting officers of the
Department until within the last ten days. The
result is that all the accounts of the acting en-
gineers have been stopped, and it is very essential
that this amendment should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on concurring in all the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole to-
gether, with the exception of the one indicated by
the Senator from New Hampshire.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment excepted by
the Senator from New Hampshire, which will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlndhc it fin thcr enacted, That when a fleet captain serves
in or is hoi neon the books of any vessel of the Navy making
a prize, such fleet captain, if of the rank of captain, shall
be entitled to one twelfth part, and if of the rank oi com-
mander, to one fifteenth part of the pnzo money accruing
to the eaptoisfroin such prize ; the said twelfth oi fifteenth
part, as the ease may be, to be deducted fiom the amount
due to the captors, and the remainder to be distributed as
heretofore diiectod by l.uv : lJ)Ovide<l, That the allowance
herein made to tieet captains hhall lake effect hoin the com-
mencement of the present wai; the sh.ue due them to be
deducted fiom the moiety due to the United States in eases
of captures made prior to the passage ot this act.
Mr. HALE. The only objection I had to that
amendment was that the latter clause was made
retroactive. I think it would be better to make it
prospective than retroactive, and not disturb any
settlements heretofore made in regard to prizes.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think any settlements
have been made, or that it will create any disturb-
ance on the part of anybody. The law as it now
stands makes no provision for an apportionment
of any part of the prize money to a fleet captain,
for the very substantial reason that at no time
heretofore has this country ever boon able to main-
tain a proper fleet, and there has been no neces-
sity for any such officer; but I suppose everybody
knows that there is no more valuable or efficient
officer in any service than the fleet officer, lie is
really the right aim of the commanding commo-
dore. That amendment, I can say, was drawn
and sent to me for adoption by <i gentleman con-
nected with the service, although not interested
in the adoption of the measure; and he believes it
essential to the interests of the service and just to
the men that it should be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the latter clause of it which makes
it retroactive.
The Secretary read the portion proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Provided, That the allowance herein made to fleet cap-
tains sjhall take effect fiom the commencement of the pies-
ent war. the share due them to be deducted fiom the moiety
due to the United States in cases ol captures made prior to
the pass-age of this> act.
Mi. SUMNER. Perhaps the Senator from New
Hampshire has notobserved that that is to be de-
ducted from the moiety that comes to the United
States, and therefore it is like a gratuity from the
United States to these parties. I do not think that
there is any injustice in it, and I do not think that
there is anybody who has a claim that will be
ousted of it by the retroactive character of the pro-
vision, as it is to come out of the United States.
If it were to come out of the fund generally, then
by its retroactive character it might oust some
other pai ties; butas it is, it comes out of ourselves.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was concurred m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now j
is on concurring in the amendment ipported by j
the committee as a substitute, as amended. _ j
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in. i
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed. The
title was amended so as to read: "A bill to re-
organize the Navy Department of the United
States."
OPENING OP SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I desire to call up a bill
which, on my motion, was returned from the
House; a bill for the opening of Sixth street west.
There will be no debate upon it. I wish merely
to make an amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia yield for that purpose?
Mr. W1LLEY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill (S. No. 226) authorizing the
opening of Sixth street west.
Mr. FOOT. 1 do not object to the reconsider-
ation.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
now propose to reconsider the vote ordering it to
be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What disposition
does the Senator now propose to make of the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Secretary read
the bill, so that I can see how to amend it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it. enacted, $c., That Sixth street west, from the canal
to Maine avenue, be opened, and a bridge constructed across
the canal on said street under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, in accordance with the plan ap-
proved in May, 1822, by Jaiuci Monroe, then Piesideut of
the United Slates, and the sum of $3,000 is hereby appio-
pi lated, payable out of any money in the Treasury notother-
wise appropinued, lor carrying out the piovisiops of this
act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to my friend
from Vermont to let the bill lie over until some
modification of it can be prepared. lie had con-
sented that the appropriation should be struck
out; but if the appropriation is stricken out it will
stand as before, to be done under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and it
would lead necessarily to another appropriation
if it is to be done under the authority of one of
our officers. The intention is to allow the city
corporation to open the street, if they choose to
do so.
Mr. FOOT. That modification may now be
made by amending the bill so as to allow this to
be done by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, under the authority of the corporation of
the city of Washington.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
amended so as to read:
That Sixth street we^t. from the canal to Maine avenue,
may be opened and a bridge constructed across the canal
on sud afreet, under the dnectionot the corporation of the
city of Washington, in aceoidance with the plan appioved
in May, 1822, bj Jame  Monroe, then President of the Uni-
ted States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know where is
the necessity of passing this bill? Have not the
corporation of the city authority to open its streets
without the consent of Congress?
Mr. FOOT. It passes through four hundred
feet of the public grounds. That is all the neces-
sity for it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE INSPECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 243, providing for the appoint-
ment of light-house inspectors. It willlead to no
debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not. I hope we shall
proceed with the special order of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be done
by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is objection, I will
not ask it.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
SLAVERY IN TIIE DISTRICT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the bill (S. No. 103) for the release
of certain persons held to service or labor in the
District of Columbia, and upon that the Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I listened yes-
terday with a great deal of pleasure to many of
the remarks and arguments of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] I concurentirely
in one of the positions taken by him: that if we
are to have the emancipation of the slaves in this
country we must connect transportation and colo-
nization with it. I do not concurwith him, how-
ever, when he said that he would vote for this bill
—not because, if I had the power to control it so as
only to affect myself, in the consequences which
might ensue, I should not be in favor of the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. 1
wish that it did not exist here; that it never had
existed here. I believe that this great nation ought
to have this District as common ground where
the world might assemble without anything of a
character to offend the sensibilities, the feelings,
or the principles of mankind. And yet, sir, I can-
not vote for this bill; and I rise now more for the
purpose of filing a petition than with any intention
of making an argument upon it; more for the pur-
pose of addressing myself to the compassion of
Senators than with any expectation of influencing
their judgments and their opinions.
1 shall speak to-dayas a border slave State man,
the humble advocate of the sentiments of the State
that I represent. I shall have no reproaches to
utter, no imputation of motives to make, no men-
aces, no angry words of defiance, which I am
sorry to say too often enter into the discussions
in Congress. But as a representative of the public
sentiment of the loyal people of Virginia, and in
their name, I beg Senators to pause long enough
to consider the position which they occupy. Sir,
they were the first to strike a blow in the field
against the rebellion and in favor of the Consti-
tution. The soil of Virginia, on my own native
hills, received the first baptism of blood shed in
defense of the Constitution, and that blood was
drawn from the hearts of her own children. The
loyal people of Virginia have withstood the shock
of battle, they have endured the ravages of fire
and of the sword, and they still stand to-day firm
in their original integrity and true to their alle-
giance to the Government and the Constitution in
the midst of the surrounding desolations of this
cruel and unholy war, to which they point as the
proud memorial of theirloyalty. Sir, in the name
of two hundred northwestern Virginians who
have been immured for many months in the dun-
geons of rebellion at Richmond, I appeal to you
to-day, to your generosity, to your forbearance,
to your magnanimity.
The ship of State is, as it were, upon the ocean,
tossed upon the mountain waves, every beam
creaktngand strained by the pressure that is upon
her. Some of her crew have been washed or
thrust from her decks, and are struggling in the
midst of the sea to regain their foothold upon her
sure planks; and what do we see, sir? Instead
of throwing them a rope or a plank to aid them to
recover their original position, almost daily every
morning are there fresh invocations to the very
storm kins: himself to breathe fresh blasts of his
fiery breath upon the, raging elements amidst
which they are struggling for life and for security.
Hut, sir, I hud not intended to make these pre-
liminary remarks. I have a simple question to
propose to the Senate; and it is to that question
that I design to direct the attention of the Senate.
I may remark that the question of slavery in
the United States is one of absorbing interest.
With its intimate relation to the political welfare
of the country, it connects moral and religious
considerations appealing to the best sentiments
and sensibilities of our nature. Iam not disposed
to quarrel with those who would bestow upon it
a large measure of thought and deliberation; but
it is just one of those questions whose tendency
is to exclude from equal regard other questions
of equal importance. A wise and comprehensive
statesmanship carefully avoids the impolicy and
danger of allowing any one of the interests of the
State, however important, to monopolize the whole
of its care to the neglect of other interests. It
gives t© each department of the public welfare the
consideration it requires. Here I may be per-
mitted to indulge in a reference to the words of
wisdom and of warning of one ot the greatest
statesmen of our country. Air. Webster, in his
o-reat speech in the Senate in 1850, animadverting
upon the ultraism, impracticability, and exclu-
siveness which this question of slavery had then
