226©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2i;
merit by striking out in the thirty-fourth line the
word " him," and inserting " the proper assess-
or;" so that it wilt read:
Said notifications shall also state when and where within
said county, after the expiration of said fifteen days, appeals
will be received and determined by the proper assessor
relative to any erroneous or excessive valuations or enu-
iterations by the assistant assessors.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
■to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the sixteenth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 16. *ftnd be it further enacted, That the said assess-
ors of each collection district, respectively, shall, imme-
diately after the expiration of the time for hearing appeals,
and, fiom time to time, as duties, taxes, or licenses become
liable to be assessed, make out lisis containing the sums
payable according to the provisions of this act upon every
object of duty or taxation in and for each collection dis-
trict, which lists shall contain the name of each person
residing within the said distiiet, owning or having the caie
or supCrintendency of property lying within the said dis-
trict which is liable to the said tax, or engaged in auv busi-
ness or pursuit requiring a license, when such person or
persons are known, together with the sums payable by each;
and where there is any property within any collection dis-
trict liable to the payment ot the said duty or tax, not owned
or occupied by or under the superintendence ot any port-on
resident therein, there shall be a separate list of such prop-
erty, specifying the sum payable, and. the names ot* the
respective proprietors, where known. And the assistant
assessor making out any such separate list shall tian«mit
therefrom to the assistant assessor, where the persons
liable to pay such tax reside or shall have their principal
place of business, copies of the iist of property held by per-
sons so liable to pay such tax, to the end that the taxes as-
sessed under the provisions of this act may be paid within
the collection di&trict where the persons, liable to pay the
same reside or may have their principal place of busmen.
And in all other cases the said assessor shall furnish to the
collectors or deputy collectors of the sevcial collection dis-
tricts, respectively, within ten days after the time of hear-
ing appeals, and fiom time to time therealter, as icquired,
a certified copy of such list or lists for their proper collec-
tion districts; and in default of peilbiinance of the duties
enjoined upon assessor* by this section, they-diall severally
and individually forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the u^e
of the United States, to be reeoveied in any court having
competent jurisdiction; and, moieover, 'hall forfeit their
compensation as assessors: Provided, That it shall be in
the power of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to cx-
oneiate any assessor as aforesaid fiom Mich forfcituies, in
whole or in part, as to him shall appear just and equitable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose in tJie twenty-fifth lino to correct a
grammatical error, by striking out the letter " s "
from "resides," so that it shall read "reside."
That correction will be made accordingly without
a vote. In the twenty-seventh line, the committee
propose to strike out the words "or deputy col-
lectors,"so as to read, " and in all other cases the
said assessors shall furnish to the collectors of
the several collection districts," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee also propose to amend the section by striking
out in tho thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth lines the
words " to be recovered in any court having com-
petent jurisdiction."
JVIr. LATHAM. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance how
he proposes to collect that forfeiture or fine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain to the
Senator. The words "any court having com-
petent jurisdiction," seem to be very uncertain,
and the committee thought they would strikeout
that language wherever it occurred in the bill,
and make a general provision to meet the case,
if the Senator will turn to the 35th .page t he will
see that the committee propose a general amend-
ment in this language :
And all fines, penalties, and forfeitures which may be
ineuired or imposed by vntuoof this act, shall and may be
sued lor and recovered, in the naino of the United States,
or of the collector within whose district any such fine, pen-
alty, or foifeiture shrill have been inclined, in any proper
foun of action, or by any appropiiate lorm ot pioceedina,
before any circuitor disti ict court of tho Cmted State1? for
the district within which said fine, penalty, or foifeiture
may have been incurred, or before any otiier court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
That covers all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section seventeen, as fol-
lows:
Kjsc. 17. JInd he it further enacted, Thatthcie shall be
allowed and paid to the several assessors and assistant as-
sessors, tor their services under this act—to each assessor
two dollars per day for every day employed in makim* the
necessary arrangements and giving the necessary induc-
tions to the assistant assessors torthe valuation ; and three
dollars per day for every day employed in hearing appeals
levying valuations, and nuking out lists agreeably to the
provisions of this act; and one dollar for every hundred tax-
able persons contained 111 the tax list, as delivered by him
to said collectors, and forwarded to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; to each assistant assessor two dollars for
every day actually employed m collecting lists and making
valuations, the number of days necessary for that purpose
to be certified by the assessor and approved by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and one dollar for eveiy
hundred taxable persons contained in the tax list, as com-
pleted and delivered by him to the assessor. And the said
assessors and assistant assessors, respectively, shall also be
allowed their necessary and reasonable charges for sta-
tionery and blank books used in the execution of their du-
ties, and the compensation herein specified shall be in full
for all expenses not otherwise particularly authorized:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and he
is hereby, authorised to fix such additional rates of com-
pensation to be made to assessors and assistant assessors 111
the States of California and Oregon, and Territories of
Washington, Nevada, New Mexico, and Arizona, as may
appear to him to be just and equitable in consequence of
the greater cost of living and traveling in those States and
Territories, and as may, in his judgment, bo necessaiy to
secure the services of competent and efficient men, pio-
vided the lates of compensation thus allowed shall not ex-
ceed the rates paid to similar officers 111 such States and
Territories respectively.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section by inserting the
word " the" before " Territories," in the twenty-
sixth line, and striking out in the twenty-seventh
line the words " of Washington, Nevada, New
Mexico,and Arizona,"so as to read if amended:
Authorized to fix such additional rates of compensation
to be made to assessors and assistant assessors in the States
of California and Oregon and the Territories, as may appear
to him to be just and equitable, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the section now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The usual
proceeding is to consider the amendments from the
committee first.
Mr. COLLAMER. Through the whole bill?
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore. Through the
whole bill, and then go back and consider any
amendment that other committees or individual
members may propose. The eighteenth section
will be read.
The Secretary read section eighteen, as follows:
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That each collector,
on teceiving a list, as aforesaid, and iiom time to time as
such h«!ts may be received fiom the said assessors, lespeet-
ively, shall subscribe three leceipts; one of which shall be
given im a full and coriect copy of such list, which list shall
bo dohveied by hnn to, and shall remain with, the assessor
of las collection distiiet, and shall be open to the inspection
ot any person who may apply to inspect the same; and the
other two receipts shall be given on aggregate statements
of the h^ts aforesaid, exhibiting the gro^s amount of taxes
to be collected in each collection district, one of which ag-
gregate statements and receipts shall be transmitted to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and the other to the
First Comptroller of the Treasury; and all lists received
fiom time to time, as aforesaid, shall be m like form and
manner transmitted as aforesaid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Finance have reported no amendment to
this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little verbal
amendment I should like to make in that as we go
on. In the eleventh lino the word " each" should
be changed to " his," so as to read:
And the other two receipts shall be given on aggregate
statements of thelitis aforesaid, exhibitn)gthegross°amount
of taxes to be collected in his collection distiiet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The verbal
amendment will be made according to the sugges-
tion. The Secretary will read the nineteenth sec-
tion.
The Secretary read section nineteen, as follows:
Sec. 19. Jlnd he it further enacted, That each collector,
befoie receiving any list, as aforesaid, for collection, shall
give an additional bond, if required by the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, in such sum or sums as the Secietary of the
Treasury may proscribe and judge sufficient, with one or
more good and sufficient suietics, to be apptnved by the
Solicitor of the Treasuiy; which bond shall he payable to
the United States, with condition tor the ttue and faithful
discluuge of the duties of his office accoiding to law, and
paiticulariy for the due collection and payment of all
money-; assessed upon any person or persons within such
district; and the said bond shall be transmitted to the So-
licitor of the Treasury, and, alter appioval by him, shall be
deposited in the office of the First Comptroller of the Tieas-
ury: Piovided aluays, That nothing herein contained shall
he deemed to annul or in anywise to impair the obligation
of any bond thei etofore given by any collector; but the same
shall be and icmain in lull foice and virtue.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee propose to strike out the nineteenth section.
The question is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The twentieth
section will be read.
The Secretary read section twenty, as follows:
Sec.20. Jlnd.be it further enacted, That each of the said
collectors or deputy collectors shall, within ten days after
receiving his collection list from the assessors, respectively,
as aforesaid, annually, and wheneverhe shall be so required
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, advertise in each
county in his collection district in one newspaper printed in
such county, if any there be, and by notifications to be posted
up in ut least four public places in each county in his col-
lection district, that the said duties and taxes have become
due and payable, and state the times and places at which
he or they will attend to leceive the same, which shall not
be less than ten days after such notification ; and with re-
spect to persons who shall not attend according to such noti-
fications, and such as are liable to pay duties or taxes at
any other time or times, it shall be the duty of each col-
lector, in person or by deputy, to make a demand person-
ally, or to apply once at the respective dwellings or usual
places of business of such person so neglecting within such
distiiet, and there demand the duties or taxes payable by
such persons, which application shall be made within
twenty days after the receipt of the collection lists, as afore-
said, or after the receipt ot any other additional lists, from
time to time, as aforesaid; and if the said duties or taxes
shall not be then paid, or within ten days thereafter, it shall
be lawful foi such collector, or Ins deputies, to proceed to
collect the said duties or taxes, by distraint and sale of the
goods, chattels, or effects of the persons delinquent as afore-
said. And m case of such destraint it shall be the duty of
the officei charged with the collection to make, or cause
to he made, an account of the goods or chattels which may
be distiained, a copy of which, signed by the officer mak-
ing such distraint, shall be left with the ownerorpossessor
of such goods, chattels, or effects, or at his or her dwelling,
with some person of suitable age and discietion, with a note
of the sum demanded, and the time and place of sale; and
the said officer shall forthwith cause a notification to be pub-
lished in some newspaper within the county wherein said
distraint is made, if there is a newspaperpublished in said
county, orto be publicly posted-up at the post office, if there
be one within five miles, nearest to the residence of the per-
son whose pioperty shall be distrained, and in not less than
two other public places, winch notice shall specify the arti-
cles distrained, and the time and place for the sale thereof,
which tune shall not be less than ton days from the date of
such notification, and the place proposed for sale not more
than five miles distant from the place of making such dis-
traint : Pronded, That in any case of distraint tor the pay-
ment of the duties or taxes aforesaid the goods, chattels, or
effects sodistruined shall and may be restored to the owner
or possessor if, puor to the sale thereof, payment or tender
thei eof shall bo made to the proper officer charged with the
collection of the full amountdeinanded, together with such
fee for levying,and such sum for the necessary and reason-
able expense of removing, advertising, and keeping the
goods, chattels, or effects so distrained as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ; but in case of
non-payment or tender, as aforesaid, the said officers shall
proceed to sell the said goods, chattels, or effects at public
auction, and shall ami may retain from the proceeds of such
sale the amount demandable for the use of the United
States, with the necessary and reasonable expenses of dis-
traint and sale, and a commission of one per cent, thei eon
for his own use, rendering the overplus, if any there be, to
the person whose goods, chattels, or effects shall have been
distrained: Provided, That theie shall be exempt troin dis-
tiaint tlie tools or implements of a tiade or profession, one
cow, aims, and provisions, and household furniture kept
for use, and apparel necessary for a family.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section by striking out
all from the first to the twenty-fifth line, inclusive,
in these words:
Each of the said collectors or deputy collectors shall,
within ten days after receiving his collection list fiom the
assessors, respectively, as aforesaid, annually, and when-
ever he shall be so required by the Commissioner of inter-
nal Revenue, advertise m each county in his collection dis-
trict iri one newspaper printed in such county, if any there
be, and by notifications to be posted up in at least four pub-
lic places in each county in his collection district, that the
said duties and taxes have become due and payable, and
state the times and places at which he or ihry will attend
to receive the same, which shall not be less than ten days
after such notification; and with rcspect to persons who
shall not attend according to such notifications, and such
as are liable to pay duties or taxes at any other time or
times, it shall be the duty of each collector, in person or by
deputy, to make a demand personally, or to apply once at
the respective dwellings or usual plaees of business of Mich
person so neglecting within such district, and there demand
the duties or taxes payable by such persons, which appli-
cation shall be made within twenty days after the receipt
oi the collection lists, as aforesaid, or alter the receipt of
any other additional list-*, from time to time, as aforesaid;
and if the said duties or taxes shall not be then paid, or
within ten days tbeieafter.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Each of said collector*? shall, within ten daysaftcrreceiv-
ing his annual collection list from the assessors, respect-
ively, as aforesaid, give notice, by published advertisement
in each county in Ins collection distuct, m one newspaper
printed m such county, if any Mich there be, and by notifi-
cations to be posted up in at least four public places m each
county in his collection district, that the said duties have be-
come due and payable, and state the time and place within
said county at which he will attend to receive tho «.ame,
which time shall not be less than ten days after such notifi-
cation ; and all persons who shall neglect to pay the duties
and taxes so as aforesaid assessed upon them to the col-
lectoi within the tune specified, shall be liable to pay ten
per cent, additional upon the amount theieof, the fact of
which liability shall bo stated in the adveitisemeut and no-
tifications aforesaid. And with regaid to all peisons who
shall neglect to pay as afoiesaid, it -hall be the duty of the
collector, m person or by deputy, within ten days after such
neglect, to make a demand peisonally, or at (he dwellings
or usual places of business of such persons, if any they have,
