278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
for public purposes. This may be dispensed with,
although with inconvenicnce, greatinconvenience,
I grant, as the chairman of the Committee of W ays
and Means has said, to this institution, for it has
come to be an institution which is a sort of sci-
entific luxury that the nation may well enough in-
dulge in when we huve money enough; but when
we come to limit our outgo to our actual neces-
sities, it falls with the other luxuries. It is simply
upon the ground that it is a luxury that I, for one,
am willing to dispense with it. I am quite willing
to do it. I do not give it up, as Mr. Seward said of
Mason andSlidcll, chcerfully; but with that diplo-
matic cheerfulness which is founded upon neces-
sity, and it is upon that ground that I am con-
strained to vote against this appropriation for the
Coast Survey.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask to have read the
paper which 1 hold in my hand, and which has con-
vinced me that my vote yesterday in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Arnold] was wrong.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
Coast Survey Office, January 9, 1862..
Dear Sir : I feel sure That if the members of the House
of Representatives will consular tlie uses of the Coast Sur-
vey to the country in it< present contest, they will be far
from desiring to suspend the work. My duty will be ful-
filled by stating the case, and then leaving it to their decis-
ion.
1. At the commcnecmentof hostilities,the fieldand office
force of (he buivey was ananged to aid directly in militaiy
and naval epilations, and that cooperation has been effect-
ive and constant. This (act can be attested by the heads
of the Dcpanmeiits,aud by all the chief officers of the Aimy
and Navy.
2. No fleet or body of troops can be safely moved along our
coastwithoutthechurtsandmapsol the survey. Twenty-
five thousand copies from the oifiee and fiotn the Naval
Observatory have been distnbuted to the naval vessel* and
transports bince the wai hioke out. This is nearly double
the average heietofore callcd for, and the demand is inces-
sant.
3. The notes accompanied by charts, giving the sound-
ings, shape of the land, &.e.,prep;ucrtby the superintendent
and assistants, and submitted to the blockade commission
of the Navy Department, gained their high approbation, as
testified in their letters, and constituted the basis of theii
studies. These notes have been furnished to the chieu of
expeditions and othei ptincipal military ami naval officers,
and have met their approval. The generak-m-chn'f have
icferredin strong tcnns to tlie usefulness of the suivey.
The chief engineer has made a similai reference in repaid
to fortifications. Commodores Dupont and Stringham have
spoken in like manner in relation to the u^eatllatteias and
Poit Royal. Generals Shennan and Wright have made
similar leferences, and abo Generals Banks and Dix. The
letter of General Banks is appended
4. Tlie ofliceis who have been engaged in making the
surveys arc attached, with vessels ol the mm vey, to the naval
expeditions. There aie two steam vessels and two sail-
ing vessels with five parlies, for executing soundings and
topography, attached to the expeditions of Commodore
Dupont and Geneial Sheiinan, and engaged in completing
sui vcys on the coast of South Caiohna and Georgia, in
placing buoys and marks essential to safe navigation, and m
making new examinations and surveys of localities wheie
the fieetand Auny must operate. The officers are excellent
pilots, and the manner in which theii woik is done is shown
by the taking possession of St. Helena, Edisto, Tjbee,
Os&abavv, &c., without accident.
Wherever the fleets and ai mie-! of the United States are
on the coasts, there the piirtio of the suivey are with them,
cair) mg forward the sutveys aceoidmg to'ageneial plan,
hut in strict confoimity to the uantthe"nulitaiy and
naval service at the same tune. Around the capital, m
Accomac, at Uatteras, on the eoa-u of North and South
('aiolma and Geoigia, on the IYI«M-?Hppi, and in localities
which it would not be proper to mention, paities ai o now
oulici at woik oi preparing loi woik. a-, the expedition?, to
which they are attached move onward.
!>. A distinguished naval olfieer ha^pokfii of the suivey
as the light aim of the Navy, and n geneial-m-chief, in
lefewmg to studies of the coast, has atlirmed the work to be
indispensable.
6. Tlie appiopiiation a&k^d for this yeai u le^« by £103,800
than that ofla-n year, and is adapted to pniserve'the organ-
ization, retaining tlie civilians of expenenee in its various
blanches. All ut litem are aenveiy employed. "To ^carter
these men, break up a successful oiy.uu/.jtion. stop the
work in the midst of it-^ greatest u-elulness, would, it is
respectfully submitted, be neithei economical noi sale at
the present juncture.
The loyal States deserve that a work essential to their
commeice, and to preparing the plans for loitifvins theii
coast should be completed within them as e.uly as piacti-
cable. This completion is quite near if the organization is
undistuibed. At the rate of appropuation of past j eais, five
year* more would complete the survey.
Finally, tins condition ot the countiy iequires that all the
resources oi tlie suivey be at its disposal in timshin" this
war.
Your-, respeetfull), A. I), 13AC1JE.
Supcj intcmlcnt J.'nited States Coa&t Suri eu.
Hon. Thadheus Stevens, Chan man of the Committee of
IVays arid Means, House of Rep acntuticcs.
Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING. I dosire to re-
quest the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
liffe,] if he is entitled to the floor, to allow me
to ask a single question. { would like to know of
any gentleman, who favors disbanding the Coast
Survey, whether he has information warranting
him in assuring the House that if we should vote
to disband this organization the surveys requisite
for military purposes during the rebellion can be
made without it? In other words, I would like
to know whether of those devoted now to this
business, and others in the topographical bureau
whose services can be applied to it, there is asuf-
ficientnumber,dispensing with civilians, toinsure
the performance of all services of this kind indis-
pensable to military operations? If any gentle-
man here has information which will warrant him
in answering that question affirmatively, for one,
I should like to vote for the amendment which has
been offered, or for an appropriate amendment to
abolish the Coast Survey. On the contrary, if we
have no showing here of that sort, but if we are
to be left to the inference that, dispensing with the
Coast Survey, the Government must be left des-
titute of those results, then I can hardly see how,
consistentlyandproperly,even forthesakeof re-
trenchment, we are to favor these amendments. I
will thank any gentleman who will give to me,
even if nobody else needs it, the information which
I ask for.
Mr. PIKE. I would inquire of the gentleman
what the difficulty is, to prevent naval officers
availing themselves of the results of the coast sur-
vey, and of the services of the men employed in
the coast survey, even if the institution should
be abolished ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. In the first place,
the question of my friend seems to ignore entirely
the current surveys, and seems to point chiefly to
the idea—no doubt a true one—that, so far as sur-
veys are made, they are open to use. It seems
to imply, in the second place, that in some other
mode there can be brought into requisition the
same men and the same means embraced within
the Coast Survey. Doubtless that is so. But if
that is the only criticism that can be suggested on
this, it seems to me to be a distinction almost
without a difference; because if so be that the
Government needs to bring into requisition these
same men, to the same number, and to employ
the same means, it amounts to nothingasameas-
uro of retrenchment.
Now, I want to know, and the point of my
cjucstion is, whether the Government can avail
itself of a part of these men and yet have the ser-
vice adequately performed, at the same time dis-
pensing with some material point, and retrenching
in some material degree? Now, if the gentleman
from Maine answers that 1 will thank him.
Mr. PIKE. I will say to the gentleman from
New York that if he will look at the details of the
appropriation, as presented by the Secretary of
the Treasury, he will find that he is quite fully
answered.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, I have un-
fortunately not had an opportunity of doing that.
Mr. PIKE. I will state for the information of
the gentleman 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 must return my thanks
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vkns] for yielding mc the floor, and my icgretthat
I was deprived of it by the conversation over the
way.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration a bill (H. R. No. 154) making appropria-
tions for sundry civii expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending the
30th of June, 186'2, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on the
first section of the bill shall close within one minute j
j! after the committee shall have resumed its consid- '
oration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on
the state ofthe Union, (Mr.CAMPBELLin the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 154) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending: the 30th of June, 1862;
the question being on Mr. Pike's amendment to
Mr. McKnight's amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. It is conceded that all these
surveys are at the command of the Government,
and therefore there is no necessity to continue the
coast survey. In addition to that, we have the
officers who are educated at the Naval School, and
those who are educated at West Point, to make
any current surveys that are necessary; and I sup-
pose that these gentlemen are under the command
of the Government.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Are there enough
of them to do it?
Mr. ARNOLD. No doubt there are.
Here the hammer fell, and the Chairman stated
that debate was closed.
The question was taken on Mr. Pike *s amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. McKnight 's
amendment as amended, and it was adopted.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, by adding
after line nine, section two, as follows:
For necessary expenses for carrying into effect the act of
July 17,1861, and the act of August 5,1861, in addition to
the appropriations made by those acts, $140,000.
Mr. Chairman, this is substantially, though not
in exact words, the appropriation reported in the
last clause of the first section which was stricken
out the other day, going to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay for the issuing of Treas-
ury notes under the acts referred to. I have of-
fered it for the purpose of bringing again before
the House the opportunity of deciding whether
they then properly understood this question and
properly decided it. In other words, I submit it
to the sober second thought of the committee.
11 will be evident to every member that that vote,
given as it was under the discussion which then
took place, is a direct charge on the Secretary of
the Treasury of giving out fraudulent contracts.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] read
the other day, what I suppose this House had
never heard of before—I never had—some testi-
mony given before the committee appointed to
investigate Governmentcontracts. It was followed
by a fervid speech by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] from which I inferred
that some great fraud had been practiced. Hav-
ing since been enabled to turn to the testimony, I
find that it is the merest shadow of a pretense on
which any man was ever tried and convicted. It
is nothing more nor less than the evidence of a
lobby-broker for contracts, by the name of Hop-
kins, in which he states that he had a conversation
with another lobby-broker of contracts, wherein
certain things were said. With regard to whom?
Not with regard to those who gave out this con-
tract; not with regard to those who received the
contract; but with reference to certain things which
they themselves suggested. And in consequence
of it, no proposition was made by any third per-
son at all. But the Secretary of the Treasury
having referred the disposition of this matter to
Mr. Cisco,.the Assistant Treasurer in New York,
he investigated it, and entered into a contract with
parties in that city.
Now, is there a particle of evidence that cither
the Secretary of the Treasury or Mr. Cisco, or
anybody else connected with them, ever knew
that the person referred to by the first lobby-
member, who gave his evidence—Mr. Hopkins—
had any communication with them at all? If a
contract is to be condemned on such evidence as
that, and if high officials are to be condemned and
censured on it, it would be far better for them to
take their trial before that tribunal in Pandemo-
nium, where they first condemn and then hear.
Now, sir, there is not a particle of evidence that
this contract was given out over the proper com-
pensation. There is no evidence that anybody
offered to do the work for less. There is no evi-
dence that the rates agreed upon were too high.
And there is no evidence that Mr. Hopkins ever
stated what they could do it for.
Mr. DIVEN. I wish to inquire whether this
contract is an executed contract in whole or in
part, or whether it remains executory.
