1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
engendered in the minds and in the policy of a
certain class of individuals, said:
" There are men who, with clear perceptions, as they
think, of their own duty, do not see how too hot a pursuit
of one duty may involve them jn the violation of another,
or how too* wai in an embracement of one truth may lead to
a disregard of other truths equally important. As I heard
it stated strongly, not many days ago, these persons are dis-
posed to-inount upon some duty as a war-horse5'—
Uncle Toby would have said a "hobby-horse"—
"and to drive furiously on, and upon, and over all othei
duties that may stand in the way. There are men. who,
in times of that sort, and disputes of that sort, are of opin-
ion that human duties may be ascertained with the precis-
ion of mathematics. They deal with morals as with mathe-
matics, and they think what is light may be distinguished
from what is wrong with the precision oian algebraic equa-
tion. They have, therefore, none too much chanty to-
ward other's who differ with them. Thev are apt, too, to
think that nothing is good hut what is perfect, and that
there are no compromises or modifications to be made in
submission to difference of opinion, or in deference toother
men's judgment. Iftheir perspicacious vision enables them
to detect a spot on the face of the sun, they think that a
good reason why the sun should be struck down from
heaven. They prefer the chance of running into utter dark-
ness to living at heavenly light, if that heavenly light be
not absolutely without any impeifection. There aie im-
patient men—too impatient always to give heed to the ad-
mission of St. Paul, ' that we aie not to do evil that good
may come'—too impatient to wait for the slow pi ogres* of
moral causes in the iinpiovement ot mankind."
Mr. President, the question which I wish to dis-
cuss is, isitwiseor expedient, under existing cir-
cumstances, and at this time, to pass tins bill?
Sir, this bill is a part of a series of measures, al-
ready initiated, all looking to the same ultimate
result—the universal abolition of slavery by Con-
gress. This bill and the bill of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] for the confiscation of
property in the seceded States, and the resolutions
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] some weeks ago, contemplate the
same purpose—unconditional,immediate,and uni-
versal emancipation. It is to the consequences
which must inevitably result from these measures,
if adopted, to which 1 solicit the attention of the
Senate. These consequences, in my judgment,
involve the lives of thousands of my lellow-citi-
zens, and the happiness of all the loyal people of
all the border slaveholdmg States. Perhaps I
should be justified in saying that they involved m
most serious peril the lestorution of the Union and
the Constitution.
The duties, interests, and relations of a people
so numeious and enterprising as those of the Uni-
ted States, inhabiting a territory so extensive, and
embracing so great a variety of climate, soil, pur-
suits, ami staph1 productions, must necessauly be
complex iu their cliai aeter, and give i ise to diver-
sity of opinions, passions, prejudtees, and pai ties.
It is manifest if we hope to pieserve the Union,
w« must, In the striking language of Air. Henton:
li Imitate the woids and conduct of the ivi^o, ju-.t, mod-
est, [latiiotie, intelligent, and dishitcieMcd men, uho ear-
ned then eonnity thiough <t momentous le vol in ion—molded
that counliy into one btoilii'il) union—and then put the
govern men t they had loi med into opeiutmn. in the muii*' ha-
ternal spn it of* amity, mutual diJcroicc,uiul conccsuo ?i,1 in
which they made it.''
Mr. Piesident, I shall not trouble the Senate
with any argument respecting the constitutional
power of Congress to pass laws emancipating
slaves. The arguments already made against this
power by Congress in the States whore slavciy
exists, have not been answered, and 1 believe they
never will be. But I do not think the aigument
against the expediency and practicability of such
laws has been exhausted. Sir, 1 admit that the
rebels, especially the leaders of the rebellion,
should be punished. Theyought, in some man-
ner, to be made to bear the burdens of the war
they ha\e forced upon the country, as lar as is
possible, and to indemnify loyal men for the inju-
ries inflicted upon them by the rebellion. But tins
punishment should he according to law. To pun-
ish treason by unconstitutional penalties is to be
guilty of virtual treason ourselves, to say nothing'
of the inconsistency and danger of such a proced-
ure. And it is worthy of remark, that no meas-
ure of emancipation yet proposed contains any j
indemnity for injuries received by the Govern- i
merit or individuals. Simply to emancipate the !
slave of the icbel, may be a punishment to him, [
but it affords no relief to the loyal man who has i
suffered by the rebellion. Nay, one of the funda- |
mental provisions of the confiscation bill of the i
Senator from Illinois is to make the loyal people
of the Union contubute of their means to trans- 1
portund colonize theemancipated slaves of rebels. !
I cannot understand either the justice or expedi-
ency of such a policy. It seems to me to involve
a manifest inconsistency. It punishes the traitor,
indeed, but it only increases the burdens and taxes
of the loyal people.
Mr. President, I doubt the expediency of agi-
tating such questions at this time; and therefore
I have regretted the introduction of all these meas-
ures. It is my opinion that the one great absorb-
ing object of Congress should be to prosecute the
war and to conquer a peace and a restoration of
the Union. This is a work of magnitude and im-
portance sufficient to employ all the energies and
resources of Congress and the nation. It is no
time to introduce those measures of legislation of
a general character which, ordinarily, in times of
peace and security, occupy the attention of Con-
gress. Least of all would it be wise to introduce
topics of discussion and measures of policy which
would be of a nature to distract the counsels of the
nation, or inflame party passions and prejudices.
The vital necessity of existing exigencies is
unity of purpose and effort on the part of the
friends of the Union. He who would introduce
measures creating distraction in our counsels and
purposes will be affording aid and comfort to the
enemy more fatal than his arms.
Mr. President, things may be lawful which are
not expedient sometimes. Some of these meas-
ures respecting slavery may violate no principle
of constitutional law. I cannot say that the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia would
be unlawful. 1 do not believe it would be. 1 think
we have the constitutional power to abolish it here.
Yet I am equally satisfied that the exercise of this
power would violate the obligations of good faith
which we owe to the State of Maryland. Rut
aside from this consideration the question arises,
is it expedient, at this tune, to agitate such ques-
tions ? The wise man of old says li there is a time
for all things." I think this is no time for legis-
lating in reference to such matteis. Such legis-
lation is not essential, nor even beneficial, in pros-
ecuting the war and restoting peace to the country.
Nay, it will be positively injmious; it will hinder
and delay, if not imperil, the accomplishment of
union and poae.e. Why may we not wait until
peace and the Union are restored, when, with the
calmness and deliberation befitting subjects so
grave and delicate in their iclawons, we may ar-
rive at wiser and better results'1 Why thrust
these questions upon the rountiy and upon Con-
gress now, when both are staggei ing beneath the
piessure of exigencies involving the very mteg-
uty of out national existence? Aie not the ele-
ments of revolution and disorganization suffi-
ciently rife, without seeking additional causes of
st i ife and collision ?
Sir, in no degree can the agitation and adoption
of the policy contained m these measures relating
to shivery contribute to the success of our arms,
the peace of the country, Us physical or moral
welfare, or to the restoiation of the Union. Nay,
sir, the agitation of these questions, under exist-
ing circumstances, must be positively mischiev-
ous. Will it not cieate stufe and divisions here ?
Will it not disturb (he country? Above all, will
it not afford aid and comfort to the enemy ? I am
sure it will. It will be used by the leaders of the
lebellion to 44 lire the southern heart." The peo-
ple of the South have been taught to believe that
the object and design of the Republican party
was to abolish slavery in all the States. These
propositions will be seized upon as evidence of
this intention. They will say, "Look at their
unconstitutional confiscation laws, making no safe
or piactical disciimiuation betweui Union men
and secessionists. Look at the bill to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia; it is a stopping-
stone to further encroachments." Especially will
they point to the sweeping resolutions of the
great apostle of abolition, the Senatorfrom Mas-
! sachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] which, by onedash of
| the pen, deprives e^ery southern man of his
, slaves. This is what the rebel leaders will de-
j light to say, and delight to have so much reason
i to say. Thus will the followers of Air. Yancey
; 'Mire the southern hcait." These propositions
j will fill the southern journals; they will furnish
1 the staple of inflammatory editorial commenta-
' ries for months to come, as they are now doing.
No recruiting officer will have such power to re-
j plenish the thinned ranks of the rebel army as
i these propositions. They will add thousands to
the numbers of our foes in the field. No financial
skill of southern statesmen will have such power
to replenish the depicted treasury of the rebel
government. Thus will these measures advance
the cause of rebellion in the South; and so, con-
sequently, will they prolong the horrors of war
on our part, increase our expenditures, and aug-
ment the burdens of taxation. Worse than all,
they will destroy that Union sentiment in the
South on which we hope to reorganize the State
governments and restore the authority of the Con-
stitution. They will not only encourage our en-
emies in the South, but they will dishearten our
friends there. Thus do the claims of our com-
mon humanity, deprecating the evils of war, sug-
gest the impolicy of such legislation at this time.
Why prolong the war so unnecessarily? Why
engage in legislation not essential either to the
prosperity of the loyal non-slaveholding States or
to the suppression of the rebellion in the southern
States, the practical effect of which will be virtu-
ally to place weapons in the hands, soldiers in the
ranks, and money in the coffers of the enemy?
The costof the war, the public debt created by if,
the amount of taxation, will be large enough if
the war were to cease to-morrow. Why should
we, by legislation unnecessary for the prosecution
of the war to a'speedy and successful termination,
increase the public debt and oppress the people
with still heavier burdens of taxation? Is not
every suggestion of prudence, economy, and, in-
deed, of patriotism, opposed to it?
Air. Piesident, is it desired to make this a war
of total extermination? Let us beware how we
drive our friends in the South, with hearts filled
with desperation, into the ranks of our adversary!
One year's experience has taught us that a divided
South was no contemptible foe. What will it be
united? Seven hundred thousand square miles
of fiuitful territory, full of natural resources, in-
habited by six millions of united, desperate peo-
ple,may not be easily overcome and brought back
to their allegiance.
Besides, sir. there is no necessity for driving
these people to such desperate extremities. Jus-
tice, moderation, generosity, will meet a joyful
response m many a southern heart. They love
the old flag; they love the old Union. Show them
that their rights under the Constitution—their
prejudices of education and habit, if you please to
say so—are to be respected, and you will strike a
blow more fatal to the rebel cause than a score of
such victoi ies as that at Fort Donelson. And this
will be a victoi y without bloodshed. It destroys
no valuable lives. It wastes no resouices of the
country's wealth. It makes no widows or or-
phans. Itdesolatesno homes. Why should not
the North be generous and forbearing? Are not
moderation and forbeaiance the invariable char-
acteristics of a great people?
I understand Air. Lincoln himself to be actu-
ated by such principles. I undeistand that these
were his principles long ago. 1 undet stand that,
m reference to this very matter of abolishing sla-
very in the District of Columbia, he was m 1858
and I hope is still governed by the same consid-
erations of expediency. If in 1858 considerations
of expediency were enough to cause the Repub-
lican party to pause in their course at that day,
now with the storm and tempest of war upon us,
and an accumulating debt pressing down the peo-
ple, should we not also hearken to the suggestions
of expediency ? Mr. Lincoln, in 1858, m his dis-
cussion with Mr. Douglas, at Gtuincy, used this
language:
'• We have a due leg.ud to the actual presenceof slavery
among n>.and the difficulties of getting i id of it m any Mit-
lsiactoiy waj. ;md all the constitutional obligationsthiown
about it. i suppose that, in leteience to its actual exist-
ence in the nation and to oui constitutional obligation^, we
kiCic no i i^ht at alt to thstuibit in the Slates here it e\i'-ts,
and we piofess that w e have 110 moie inclination to di^tuib
it than we have the right to do it. We  o Jin tfier tkanthat;
we do not piopose to distui b it, whei e,"in one instance, we
think thy Constitution would peunit us. We think the Con-
stitution would pcinuf u> todistuib it in theDistrietofCo-
lumbia. Still, we do not propose to do that, unless it should
he in temjs which j do not suppose the nation jf> verj likely
soon to ygiee to—the teims of making the emancipation
gtadu.il and compensating the unwilling owners, Wheie
we suppose we have the constitutional light, wc res-uuin
ouisolvcs in icleienee to the actual existence ot the insti-
tution and the difficulties thiown about it."
In the same speech, a little further on, Mr. Lin-
coln declared that—
'•If there be any man m the Republican paity who is im-
patient over the necessity springing from the actual pies-
