3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
doctibn of the resolution. I think all these res-
olutions are mischievous, I think we must have
more trust, more faith, more charity in one an-
other til an has been manifested or is likely to be
manifested if this series of probing resolutions is
to go on. For myself, I do not know any reason
in the world why a man on our side either in the
Administration or at the head of our Army should
not be just as desirous of putting down this rebel-
lion as 1 am, and of doing it in the best way. 1
am at the same time perfectly convinced, if the
conduct of everybody is scanned with a micro-
scopic eye, that faults may be found, and those
faults may be magnified, and they go to the coun-
try and tend to weaken the force of the country
in its great effort. As I said before, I would not
make the issue, but when the issue is once made
and the country is once alarmed upon it, I think
it is best to give the country the evidence,and let
its intelligence determine it. I would not have
offered the resolution of the Senator from Michi-
gan; but as he has offered it, as the country seems
to be everywhere quivering under the supposed
intelligence that resolution will convey to them, I
think, as they are interested, as we are, they ought
to know it. 1 hope that hereafter the several de-
partments of this Govcrrfment will be allowed to
go on and do their duty, severally, in their own
place, and that nothing, unless it is the most press-
ing necessity,unless it is the mostglaring default,
shall call for a public examination; and in fact it
is a public trial of the man who is called to answer
at the bar by one of those resolutions. I think all
those things should be avoided, and that we should
go together calmly and steadily to endeavor to se-
cure the great end for which we struggle without
any attempt to take part in these apparent con-
flicts which are supposed to exist between the
Administration and our generals in the field, and
which I do not believe do exist. It is not neces-
sary, because one member of the Cabinet does not
approve of this move or that move or that other
move, that there should be any great issue about
it. Members of the Cabinet are only men, as we
are; generals are only men, as we are; and we can-
not suppose that they will agree on this, that, or
the other thing. The only way we can succeed
is upon the hypothesis that we are all honest and
that we are all trying to do our best in this mat-
ter; and whenever any persons set themselves up
by attributing false and improper motives to any-
body else, just at that instant the seeds of ruin,
distrust, and failure arc sown.
Let us, then, sir, in this case lmve this informa-
tion, whatever it may be, because the tiling is
mooted; the country is alarmed about it, and wants
to know it. When we do hear it, it will be just
as I have stated. The country will come to the
conclusion that the Secretary of War is an honest
man, trying to do his duty; they will come to the
conclusion that General McCleilun is an honest,
brave general, trying lo do his duty; that the Pres-
ident is honest, and everybody is honest. They
may differ about things; but with regard to the
great object to be attained, they are all struggling
to arrive at the same point, although they may
come there by different roads.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the Senate in discussing the propriety
of the resolution now pending. 1 regret very much,
and regretted at the turn-, that it was introduced,
for theieason that it has provoked discussion, and
in fact was commenced by a speech from the hon-
orable Senator who introduced it, that I think is
extremely unfortunate in this country at the pres-
ent time. 1 sincerely believe that the result of its
introduction will betheresultforeshadowed by the
Senator from Indiana. If there are any complaints
against General McClellan, whose acquaintance I
do not enjoy, but in whom, as a general, I must
say I have the utmost confidence, there is a proper
place to go with these complaints. They ought to
be presented to the President of the United Sutes.
1 do not think it is appropriate to bring them here;
and I now announce it as my sincere belief, that
the introduction of this resolution and its discus-
sion heiewill have the effect to divide the country
into two great political parties for and against the
operations of the commander in the field. I say it
would be infinitely better to have him immediately
removed,and another man putin his stead atonce,
or that the country should at once conclude to re-
tain him at the head of the Army, and let us unite
our efforts to put down this rebellion.
Sir, there are many things discussed in this
body which I sincerely believe are calculated to
do us injury throughout the country. But it is
not for me alone to judge. Other ^Senators are
entitled to their views and their opiniofts on these
subjects as much as I am; they have superior
judgment and superior experience; and I am not
disposed to complain when propositions are made
which do not have my approbation or concurrence.
I take occasion to say that I have the utmost con-
fidence in George B. McClellan. 1 believe he is
true and loyal to the Government of the United
States, and that he has performed military service
in the field within the last two weeks that will
most inevitably distinguish him beyond all other
men of his day as a military commander. 1 have
no question that that will be shown when the facts
are brought forward. But, sir, it will not do for
us, every time our Army may meet with a little
reverse, to rise in the Senate of the United States
and charge treason upon the commander. It is
bad policy.
There is a mistaken notion in regard to the
strength and the power of this rebellion. I know
that the newspapers throughout the northern
States have been in the habit for the last five or
six months of disparaging the power and ability
of the rebels to hold out against us in this rebel-
lion. They have invented new terms of reproach.
They Jiave again and again said that they would
not stand and'fightus. In fact, they have invented
a new word, " skedaddle," and applied it to them.
They have said they would not stand, but would
invariably run from our troops. I have never
thought so; and we shall find out from this day
on, as we have found it heretofore, that they will
meet us on the field of battle and fight with a
bravery and courage equaled only by the bravery
and courage of our own troops; and it is useless
any longer to conceal that important fact from the
country. It is useless, when a reverse happens to
our arms, for the Senate of the United States to
say it is in consequence of treason in the com-
mander, or in consequence of treason among the
troops. It is unnecessary; it is idle; it is useless
so to talk.
Sir, this is a great work thnt%e have under-
taken. We must recollect that this is an immense
territory we have undertaken to conquer. It is a
territory almostaslargoasourown; a territory to
which nature has given every defense in the world.
Such a territory and such a number of people have
scarcely ever been conquered in the world. We
have come nearer to it than history gives any ac-
count of in the past, and I think we ought to be
satisfied. This is tlie first reverse we have met
with for some time. Senators seem'unable to
bear it. Sir, if the army of the Potomac is im-
mediately reinforced, and a sufficient number of
men given to General McClellan, now is the time
to march upon Richmond, and the rebel capital
will fall within the nextmonth. Let that be done,
and Jet these vain and futile complaints, and these
charges of disloyalty against the commander-in-
chief be dispensed with. They are only calcu-
lated to divide the loyal men of this country; and I
fear if they are continued, it will not be many weeks
before you will have throughout the northern
States a controversy and a party ranging itself on
the side of George B. McClellan as military com-
mander, and preaching a doctrine which would be
abhorrent to the Senate of the United States. It has
already been insinuated, it has already been said,
if an attempt should he made to remove him, the
Army would, rise in his favor. Sir, away with
all Such things as that. If he proves to be in-
competent, let the President of the United States
go forward and remove him at once, and put an-
other man in his stead, and the loyal men of this
country, from one end of the land to the other,
will sanction it, and we shall have no difficulty
whatever. Any man who is incompetent should
be lemoved; but I see no evidence of incompe-
! teney in front of Richmond.
| The idea has sometimes been advanced that the
I rebels had but thirty thousand men in front of
, Manassas. If our Army had marched upon Ma-
! nassas, we should have had a different story en-
tiiely. We always underrate the forces of the
rebels. Never since I can remember—and I have
been in the midst of these scenes since they first
commenced—have I known a battle to be fought
in the West that immediately preceding the battle
the troops of the rebels were not underrated; and
after the battle was fought, the truth was mani-
fest, and it was shown they were invariably equal
to us in numbers, equal to us in arms, equal to us
in all the equipments of war; and yet the country
is still underrating everything of that sort. Sir,
it requires a little more power, and a little more
knowledge; it requires reinforcements from the
loyal States of the Union, or else this rebellion
never will be crushed.
Mr. WRIGHT. And perfect unity.
■ Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; perfect unity
throughout this landr It is not necessary for men
who feel an interest in putting it down to talk
about erecting new political parties in this coun-
try. Sir, if we are not careful, we shall find, be-
fore this rebellion is crushed, disasters ten times
worse than those in front of Richmond. We need
not close our eyes to this thing any longer. Their
armies in the field are as numerous as ours. What
is the use of our closing our eyes to the import-
ant fact any longer >
The newspapers have told us for months and
months that the rebels were starving to death.
That question was asked me by an honorable
Senator in this body some month or two ago, and
he will remember what I told him in reference to
it. Why, sir, is there so much ignorance in the
country that the belief can possibly prevail that,
under any circumstances whatever, the immense
territory now occupied almost exclusively by the
power of this rebellion, with a climate such as it
is,and a soil unequaled in the world, far superior
to the soil of the northern States—is ltpossible vve
have come to the conclusion that that fertile soil,
with the labor they have, the slaves they have,
cannot furnish enough food for them to subsist
upon? You may ta'ke the one State of Texas,
entirely m their control and possession, and that
one single State can furnish beef cattle enough,
running wild upon the rich and everlasting pas-
tures of that State, for the southern army for the
next twenty years; and yet we are told there is
s'ome probability of their starving out, and that
this rebellion will be crushed entirely by the star-
vation of the rebels. Let us banish that idea. A
portion of the finest grain-growing country is cov-
ered now entirely by the armies of the rebellion.
It is within their power and control, and they are
cultivating it with an eye to the future. They are
dispensing with the cultivation of cotton ii^order
to aggravate the distress of Europe, and provid-
ing this year for a continuation of the war for all
time to come. He who imagines that this rebel-
lion can be crushed by the number of men we
now have in the field is dreaming without hope
of reahzatiou. We cannot crush it with the num-
ber of men we have. It is unnecessary to ask
that Governors of States shall petition that troops
shall be organized. It becomes us to ask that
they shhll be organized; and if they are not or-
ganized, let us at once stop the war, in order to
save ourselves financially.
Mr. President, there are many things that might
be said, and it is proper for us to know them.
This discussion, as I have understood, has led
somewhat to a declaration of the honest sentiments
of men. I agree with the Senator from Illinois,
that it is idle to undertake to conceal important
facts from the people of this country. It is not
the interest of the country; it is not our duty as
Senators to conceal these facts, but to let the peo-
ple know them. We ought to know our own
strength, and we ought to realize the strength of
the rebels. They have more enthusiasm in their
armies. They somehow or other look upon this
as an invasion of their soil, and every man who
is able to carry arms marches to the battle-field
with zeal and alacrity.
It is a mistake that they have not cannon; it is a
mistake that they have not rifles equal or superior
to our own. We have been told sometimes that they
are armed with shot-guns, and that forty or fifty
of our men can defeat hundreds of them on the
battle-field, and yet when we meet them and the
reports of the battles are placed before the coun-
try, the important fact is disclosed that their rifles
were of longer range than ours. They manufac-
ture those things throughout the South as well as
we, perhaps not with equal facility; but whatever
amount of labor, whatever number of men may be
necessary to construct these arsenals, they bring
to bear, and they will make them. They have
made them, and they will make them again. When
we meet them upon the battle-field, we shall find
