2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2i;
ing out the following proviso at the end of the
section:
Provided, That there shall be exempt from distraint the
tools or implements of a trade or profession, one cow, arms,
and provisions, and household furniture kept for use, and
apparel necessary for a family.
Mr. SfMMONS. 1 think that was not agreed
to be stricken out.
- Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator moved
it himself.
Mr. SIMMONS. To strike out the exemp-
tion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, The committee
agreed to it unanimously.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not remember it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the amendment appeared
to be rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays; and as this question will probably take some
time, I am willing now to yield to the Senator
from Illinois, who desires to have an executive
session. I promised him to leave eff at the end
of this section. I ask that this question be left
open.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
on striking out the proviso to the twentieth sec-
tion will remain open.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 21, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Ferris, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IMPEACHMENT 01" JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Bingham, Hickman, Pendlkton,
Train, and Dunlap managers to conduct the im-
peachment against West IX. Humphreys, judge
of the district court of the United States for the
several districts of Tennessee.
EIOIITir CENSUS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting a preliminary
report on the eighth census by the Superintendent
of that work, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
LAWS OF NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, transmitting the laws and jour-
nals of the Territorial Legislature of Nebraska;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
1 he SPEAKER stated tluit the business first
in order was the unfinished business of yester-
day, being the question as to whether the House
will entertain, as a privileged question, a resolu-
tion proposing that the House shall take a recess.
SUNKEN WAR VESSELS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to raise or
wreck sunken vessels of wnr.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it a report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I hope it
will be referred to that committee. I desire to
have these questions investigated by the proper
committees.
Mr, SEDGWICK. I have no objection to its
reference.
^ The jointresolution was read a first and second
VS6' a referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PRINTING OP CENSUS REPORT.
^ Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Printing at this time.
There was no objection.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed and bound for the use of
the House of Representatives one hundred thousand extra
copies of the preliminary report on the eighth census, and
five thousand on fifty-six pound paper for the use of the
Census Office, and that the same be printed under the
supervision of the Superintendent of the Census.
Mr. Speaker, this is a preliminary report of the
Superintendent of the Census, containing the ag-
gregate by States of population, and the statistics
of manufactures, of commerce, of health, &c. The
number of extra copies recommended by the com-
mittee is the same number that was ordered of the
report on the census of 1850. It is proposed to
print five thousand copies for the Census Office
for exchanges, upen the same kind of paper as
the reports used by members of the House are
printeu on. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was^agreed to.
PRINTING OF HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am also in-
structed to report another resolution.
Mr, HOLMAN. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman has a right to make the report at this time?
The SPEAKER. The report can only be made
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will hear the resolution
read, but I shall objcct to it if it is of the same
character as the last.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed in pamphlet form, forthe
use of the House, five thousand copies of the act to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the reception of
that report.
DISLOYALTY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That extra copies of the reportot the com-
mittee on disloyal employes under the Government be
punted for the use of the House.
COMPENSATION OF REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and it
is hereby, duected to inrjuue and report what legislation,
if any, is necessary to be had to secure equality in the com-
pensation of officers of the revenue in the Jake ports, with
liberty to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call.for the reg-
ular order of business.
PROPOSITION FOR A RECESS.
The House proceeded to the regular order of
business, which was the question whether the
House would entertain, as a privileged question,
the following resolution offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ancona,] on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the House of
Reptosentatives adjourn irum Wednesday, ihe 28th instant,
to Monday, June 2.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the pre-
vious question been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has not been; but the
question is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By permission
of the House, I desire to say a single word in
regard to this proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then 1 trust
the proposition will be voted down.
The question was taken; and it was decidedin
the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 55; as follows:
Julian, Killinger, Landing, Law,Lazear, Leary,McKni"ht'
MciMK'iNon, Malloiy, Maynard, Menzies, Moms, Nixon!
IVugen, Olin, Pendleton, Ferry, John S. Phelps, Timothy
G. Phelps, Potter, Richaidson, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith,
William G. Steele, Francis Thomas, Vallandtfrham. Weh-
moi, Wheeler, Wiialey, AlbmS. White, Chilton A. White,
Wickhftu, Wood, and Woodruff— 55.
NAV S—Messrs Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Beam an,
Samuel S, Biaii, William G. Brown, Bulfinton. Chamber-
ini, Waik, Col/ax, Roscoe Conkhtig, Craven:-, Cn-field,
Cutler, Davis., Dawes, Duell, EilwauU, Eliot, Ely, l^es^en-
den, Gooch, Granger, Gndei, Harding, Hantson, Hooper,
Horton, Hutchms, William Kellogg, Ju*tm S, MoirilJ,
Nudl, Patton, Pike, Pomeioy, Porter, Riddle, Edward II.
Rollins, Sargent, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spaulding, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcester—-55.
So the resolution was received as a privileged
question.
During the vote,
Mr. LOOM IS, Mr. MORRILL of Maine, and
other members (not being within the bar when
their names were called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. COX and Mr. ANCONA objected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to remark
that we have a rule of the House, by which mem-
bers, not being within the bar when their names
were called, are not allowed to vote. We ought
either to repeal that rule, or we ought not to grant
the privilege of voting in such cases.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the views
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I intend hereafter
to object to members voting unless they were
within the bar when their names were called.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
a question for information. If this resolution do
not pass, would not any gentleman who desired
to take five days for purposes of recreation have
the privilege of doing so, by forfeiting his pay?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
that that is a question for the Chair to answer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
another question: whether, if this resolution
passes, the Senate will not also have to adjourn,
thus procrastinating the session beyond the mid-
dle of June ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must leave the
Senate to judge for itself of its own action.
Mr. ANCONA. Will the Chair allow me to
answer the gentleman's question? I believe that
the adoption of this resolution does not involve
the adjournment of the Senate. Under the last
clause of the fifth section of the Constitution 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is discussion in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, I object.
I am not going to let a member speak who would
refuse to let me vote.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. 1 move
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. On that I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was. decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baily, Baxter, Boaraan, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Chaniber-
lin, Clark, Colfax, Roseoe Conkline, Corning, Cravens,
Criaficld, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Duell,
Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fessonden, Frank,
Gooch, Granger. Gnder, Hall, Ilanchett, Harding, Harri-
son, Hooper, Horton, Hutchms, Julian, Kelley, Loomis,
MeKnight, Mallory. Menzies, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S.
Morrill, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Patton, John S. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Sheffield, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stratton, Train, Trowbridge,
Van Valkcnburgh, Verree, Vibbard, Wallace, E. P. Wal-
ton, Wasliburne, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Biddle, Francis P. Blair,
Caiverf, Casey, Frederick A. Conklmg, Cox, Franehot,
Goodwin, Haight, Hale, Holman, Johnson, Kerrigan, Kil-
linger, Law, Lazear, Leary, McPherson, Maynard, Morris,
Noble, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pot-
ter, Richardson, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees
Wall, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albeit S. White,
Chilton A. White, WickliQe, Wood, and Woodruff—46.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, (not beingwithin
the bar when his name was called,) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object. Either
let the rule be changed or enforced.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
laid on the table; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISQUALIFICATIONS OF COLOR.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the next business in order, being the bill (S.No.
237) to remove all disqualifications of color in car-
