282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
fraud has been committed on the Government by
any of the contracting parties? Sir, nothing will
justify the House in repudiating a contract made
under the authority of law and in accordance with
law by the Treasury Department, or any other De-
partment of the Government, except fraud on the
part of the persons contracting with the Govern-
ment. I agree with gentlemen that the distin-
guished Secretary of the Treasury is incapable of
lending himself or his office to a fraud on the Gov-
ernment or upon anybody. If there was even a
fraud on the part of the Secretary, which gentle-
meSt'disclaim on all sides, you could not well take
advantage of it, after receiving the full benefit of
the contract. The Goyernment even should not
be allowed to take advantage of its own wrong.
That seems to be conceded. What fraud was
there on the partof the citizens who contracted wi th
the Government to do this work? Who was the
contracting party? The committee has not stated
the fact. They do not seem to know it. I do not
know it. I have looked through the testimony
referred to, and do not discover by it with whom
the contract was actually made. Why, then, re-
pudiate it? Repudiate it"because there was a talk
on the pavement here between these cormorants,
Wood and Ormsby, and this other cormorant,
Hopkins! Hopkins wanted to make a bargain
of some sort with the Government. He was ready
to make a contract for engraving, but finding,
through Mr. Wood or Mr. Ormsby, that it was
not worth wlule for lum to make a proposal, he
wanted to make a bargain about guns. He fails
in that, and then comes here the sole witness, by
whose testimony a con tract made by the Treasury
Department for engraving is to be repudiated,
and that, too, upon the simple showing that the
witness knows nothing of the contract, its terms,
or of the parties to it.
If the special committee state in their report
with whom this contract was made, I ask to be
referred to it. 1 do not know, nor do I believe
the House, or any member of the House, knows,
from the testimony before us, with whom this con-
tract wus made. Why, then, repudiate it? We
must have evidence to justify us in doing it. I
will go as far as he who goes the furthest to ex-
pose frauds committed upon the Government of
the United States. Eut I protest here, as a Rep-
resentative of tho people, against the House of
Representatives repudiating any contract entered
into by the Government through its duly consti-
tuted agents, in accordance with law, in the ab-
sence of any evidence whatever to impeach its
perfect fairness. 1 protest further against con-
demning any American citizen as particeps crtm-
inis in a fraud oil the Government of the country
without first giving liim a hearing. I want to
know, before I consent to repudiate this contract,
who is chargeable with the fraud, in what the
fraud consists, and whether the contract was made
in violation of or without law. And then I want
the person thus charged with fraud to have an op-
portunity of meeting the charge, of confronting,
face to face, the witnesses called against him, and
to have compulsory process to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses on his own behalf, and that be-
fore he is condemned he have a full and fair hear-
ing. I submit that there is 110 cause here for
repudiating this contract; repudiation of the con-
tract is all that is proposed by the proposition to
strike out tho appropriation.
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. WASH BURKE. Why docs not the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which the gentleman
from Ohio is a member, report the bill for the pun-
ishment of frauds, which was referred to that
committee?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I dissent in tcto from
the position of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] that unless there is corruption on the
part of the officer making the contract, you are
bound—that the Government is bound by it.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will excuse
me, I did not say that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am glad the gentleman
disclaims it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I said the very contrary.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman demands
to know what reason exists why this amount in
the proposed amendment should not be paid It
may be all right and proper. If it be, then these
gentlemen will have an opportunity of vindicating
themselves hereafter, should this appropriation
fail now, and when they do vindicate themselves
the appropriation can be made. At present, how-
ever, these facts are before the committee—that a
party came on here proposing to make a contract,
and that an officer of the Government, Wood, told
him that he could not get that contract, because
some other parties were to have it. How did
Wood know that, unless there had been a corrupt
combination, to which he was a party, to defraud
the Government? How did he know that the
parties he alluded to were to get the contract? I
should like to be informed of that. We find this
Wood, an officer of the Government, engaged in
speculations on the Treasury, and still an officer
in the service of the United States, and in charge
of one of our forts. We find him telling this wit-
ness, in advance, that certain parties were to have
this contract; and we find that subsequently these
very parties do get the contract. Wood must have
been a prophet. Ifall this thing be fair and proper,
and if there has been no attempt on the part of
these gentlemen to clefraud the Government, they
can show the fairness of the transaction. Let us
afford them an opportunity to do so; let them wait.
Until they do so, I am opposed to paying them a
single dollar on this contract at this time.
Mr. Chairman, the investigation by this com-
mittee on Government contracts has revealed cir-
cumstances which, I am sorry to know,existed;
but I believe that it is a solemn duty on the part
of this House to bring to public trial those Gov-
ernment officers who have been engaged, from time
to time, in defrauding the Treasury out of im-
mense sums of money. Some of them we can
reach, and we ought to reach. To do so is a sol-
emn duty which we owe to the country and to our-
selves. These faithless public officers ought to be
brought to public trial and to public execution. I
look upon the public officer who would at this
time defraud the Treasury as being equally guilty
with him who would strive to overthrow the Gov-
ernment. I am sorry such a state of facts exists
as is disclosed by the committee. But we ought
to have those dishonest officials sent to Fort La
Fayette or Fort Warren, or some otherplacc where
they cannot carry their funds obtained by fraud.
Iftliey are not so disposed of, they will destroy
the Government. They are more dangerous than
the rebels in arms against the Government. We
can triumph over the rebels; but I am afraid these
sappers and miners 011 tho Treasury will bring us
to bankruptcy, and that we will not be able to
sustain ourselves as a nation.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate. I think we
have heard enough of this matter.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union had, according to order, hud under consid-
eration a bill (II. R. No. 154) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for tho year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending the
30th of June, ld62, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that all debate on this
whole section shall close within one minute after
its consideration shall be resumed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that tho rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole 011 the stateof theUnion,
(Mr. Campbell in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 154) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
I ending the 30th of June, 1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
he can state to the committee what were the terms
of this contract, and whether it is a continuous
contract, or one covering all the engraving de-
manded for the Treasury Department.
Mr. STEVENS. I have never seen the con-
tract; but I suppose, from the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that there is a contract
made for the engraving of all the notes authorized,
and that both these appropriations go to pay for
the whole of them; not simply for engraving, but
for the cutting, printing, signing, registering,and
everything connected with them. .
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the §100,000 proposed to
be appropriated to go to the same contract?
Mr. STEVENS. The whole work contracted
for is not yet completed: and this goes to pay for
the completion of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. With the consent of the
committee, I desire to ask one of the members of
the investigating committee a question.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
No objection was made.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to ask whether
there is any such corporation discovered by the
committee as the New York Bank Note Company,
represented by Mr. Ormsby or anybody else?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know. The gentle-
man from New York, I presume, can answer the
question much better than I can about these New
York firms. It appears, however, that the parties
who made the contract appeared under two dif-
ferent names representing the same parties in in-
terest, inducing the officers of the Government to
believe they were sending circulars to two differ-
ent parties, and in this way prevented competi-
tion.
Mr. SEDGWICK. My question is, whether
there is really any such firm or corporation in
existence as the New York Bank Note Company:
Mr. DAWES. I know nothing about it. The
gentleman can answer the question better himself.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to know whether
this man Ormsby represents any firm, or is in any
way a responsible man?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know. Iamnothere
as the advocate of Mr. Ormsby's claims, or of
anybody else's claims or interest. I do not know
Mr. Ormsby.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to ask one more
question. I wish to know whether this Mr. Hop-
kins, the sole witness in regard to this transac-
tion, is a responsible man, or in any business ex-
cept what he states in this testimony, of coming
here to try and get an appointment or to supply
Government with something they wanted?
Mr. DAWES. So far as the committee know,
he is a mail above reproach. I do not know that
he has so much money as this corporation which
secured this fat job from the Government, but so
far as I know, he is an honest man.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to ask one more
question.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer any question to
the best of my ability.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I wish to know if he did
not testify that he had no kind of business, but
was a mere solicitor of contracts from the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. DAWES. My recollection is that he said
he was a man without business, and I think it
would have been better if this other company had
had no business, so far as this contract is con-
cerned.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I propose to add
the following proviso to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
Provided, That no part of till'-: appropriation shali be used
in payment or liquidation of any sum due on any existing
contract for engraving or printing bonds or notes.
Now, sir, I will explain the amendment in a
single moment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the con-
sent of the committee to make a single explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist upon enforcing
the order of the House.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was then rejected.
Mr. DIVEN. I desire to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of line nine:
Provided, That no part of such appropriation shall be ex-
pended until the validity of the contracts made in pursu-
ance of said acts shall be examined by the Court of Claims,
and tlieir validity affirmed by said court.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. We
have not yet reached any paragraph to which that
will apply
