1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
derstand what the gentleman means by capacity,
as he himself understands it; but I want to sug-
gest to him this: that while a copper still of two
hundred gallons capacity is operated by putting
fire under jt, and is charged but once a day, there
is another kind of still which is operated by put-
ting steam pipes through a wooden cylinder,and
which may be charged fifty times a day.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The question is, how
much does the still hold ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The object is
to get at, not how much the still holds, but how
much it produces. If it produces two thousand
gallons a day, it is equal to twenty copper stills
of the same capacity used by a different process.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot think
that this committee will regard any other proposi-
tion as more just than the one presented m the bill,
and that is that the duty shall be levied upon the
actual quantity produced and sold. It is obvious
that one distillery may be kept running night and
day, and may, therefore, produce very much more
than another which is only used in the day time
or for a very small portion of the year, and yet its
capacity may be equal to the other. It is clearly
just and proper that we should put the duty upon
the actual quantity made.
Now, in relation to the amount of duty here
proposed, the Committee of Ways and Means will
recommend that it be reduced one half, placing it
at fifty dollars for a year and twenty-five dollars
for six months, and mainly for this reason, that
there are many small distilleries, owned, perhaps,
by agriculturists, and only used for a small por-
tion of the year, for two or three or four months.
It is obviously improper to tax these distilleries as
much as those which are run six or nine months
or, perhaps, the whole year; and yet it is consid-
ered better that we should put them at one rate.
But as we had placed the duty at a very consid-
erably higher late than on any other article of
property or production, we deem that it may not
be improper to place this duty at fifty dollars.
Now, sir, in leference to the point made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.Dunlap,] on page
60, in section sixty-four, it is provided that noth-
ing contained in the section of this bill laying du-
ties on licenses, shall be construed to extend to
the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise made
and sold by the manufacturer at his manufactory
or place of business. The argument, therefore, of
the gentleman from Kentucky that these men are
going to be taxed double in consequence of sell-
ing their products, is not valid. But lest there
should be any mistake about it, we propose to
insert in the licenses for wholesale dealers in
liquors, on page 52, line sixty, after the word "per-
son," the words "oilier than distillers,''and to
make the same amendment on the same page m
relation to retail dealers. If this amendment now
pending shall not prevail, I will then move the
amendments to this section which I have indi-
cated.
Mr. DUNLAP. The gentleman referred, I be-
lieve, to section sixty-four, and notto the section
which we have under consideration.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I wish to inquire of the
gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether they do not conceive there is some im-
propriety in taxing a man who has a still of only
one hundred gallons capacity as much as one who
has a still of two thousand gallons capacity?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vetnioiu. If we reduce
the license to the sum indicated, I think that will
be low enough.
Mr. WOODRUFF. Low enough for which?
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Low enough for
any.
Mr. WOODRUFF. But still it leaves the tax
upon the large manufacturer precisely the same
as the tax upon the small one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all; the
main tax is on the aiticle produced, and not upon
the distillery.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Dunlap] will look at the sixty-fourth
section of the bill, he will see that theie is a verbal
mistake, the leaving out of a single letter in the
punting, making the word " section,"mstoad of
" sections."
Mr. DUNLAP. Of course I take the bill as I
find it. I presume thatthesection is not intended
to embrace the manufacture of this article, but the
bill does embrace it.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order now to move
an amendment to perfect the section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, as there is al-
ready an amendment pending, by which it is
sought to perfect the section.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to make an inquiry of the gentleman from Ver-
mont.
There was no objection.
Mr. CRISFIELD. The gentleman from Ver-
mont stated that he had prepared an amendment
which he proposed to offer, but I did not hear
distinctly what that amendment was. I would be
very thankful to him if he would send his amend-
ment to the desk and have it reported, as my vote
may possibly be controlled by what that amend-
ment may be.
Mr. STEVENS. The whole of it is this: we
propose to reduce the licensc from one hundred
to fifty dollars for a year, and from fifty to twenty-
five dollars for six months, and to make "Jan-
uary" read "April."
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment to the amendment, to insert the word
" daily" before the word " capacity;" and it was
rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend my
amendment by reducing the rate from thirty cents
to twenty-five cents per gallon, of capacity. I
make this motion for the purpose of explain-
ing the amendment and the operation of making
whisky. I discover that some gentlemen know
more about drinking it than they do about making
it. My amendment proposed to graduate the
license according to the capacity of the still. If a
still will hold sixty gallons, the license for it at
thirty cents per gallon will be eighteen dollars for
the whole year's distillation. If it holds one hun-
dred gallons, the license will be thirty dollars, and
so on at the same ratio. I have had a missionary
sent from the great distilleries of the western val-
ley to convince me that it was to their interest to
have the tax increased fifteen cents per gallon. He
told mo they could stand a higher tax than that. I
thought he was mistaken; but on interrogating
him I found that his object was to break up the
I great number of country distilleries, for the ad-
vantage of those distilleries m which what we call
in Kentucky " river whisky" is made and sold
for old Monongahclaand old Bourbon, and which
you can buy at twenty cents a gallon.
A Member. Thirteen ccnts.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Thirteen cents a gallon,
T am told. They buy from the manufacturer of
the copper-distilled whisky one barrel, which the
distiller cannot afford to sell for less than sixty
cents per gallon. The large distillers buy that
barrel of whisky, and by some means—I do not
know how it is—they make throe barrels out of
it, of this painted Monongahela whisky, attwenty
cents a gallon.
My object was, that while the farmer, who
raised the grain and distilled it into whisky,
should get a fair price, and should pay a fair pro-
portion of the taxation on the capacity of his still,
not on what he makes the year round. If the
capacity of his still would be one hundred gal-
lons, he would have to pay, at thirty cents per
gallon, thirty dollars a year for it; and when you
come to these large distillers who make whisky
by the houscfull daily, he would have to pay at
the same rate so much per gallon on the capa-
city of his vessels. My proposition is, not to
charge the distiller for the number of gallons that
he is able to make. You might just as well at-
tempt to test the capacity of a steamboat boiler by
the number of miles the boat can run m a day.
You cannot fairly adopt a rule of a given sum for
a license. Either stuke the license featuic out
altogether, or make it equitable. Why should
you tax the farmer for his two little stills fifty
dollars, and when you come to tax the large dis-
tillers of "river whisky" at Louisville, Cincin-
nati, and in the grain-growing country of my
friend fiom Illinois, [Mr. Ki:llogg,] only exact
the same liccnse fee from them? Some call then-
whisky " rifle whiskv." Some call it " whisky
at sight"—warranted to kill at sight. Some will
sell you "sixty days whisky," and give you
sixty days to bicathe. I ask you to tax the ma-
terials, the machinery by which they make this
valuable article. Tax the still by its cubic meas-
urement. We can all understand that. By this
means justice will be done. There will be no in-
convenience from it, for the still can be measured
by the assessor or collector when he goes to take
the bond or to receive the license fee. This is ray
object, and I think we cannot act justly on any
other principle than that of laying the tax on the
still itself. When you come to lay the tax upon
the whisky itself, I do not know how a distinc-
tion is to be made between what we call " rot-gut"
in Kentucky, and what is genuine whisky.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The proposition
made by the gentleman from Kentucky is,mprin-
ciple, the same as that made by him before. I
have no objection to the graduation of license. I
have not supposed, nor do I now suppose, it to be
right to make that establishment which manufac-
tures but fifty gallons per day pay as much license
as one which manufactures four hundred or four
thousand gallons per day. But what I complain
of is this: by the gentleman's process, he puts an
enormous tax in the way of liccnse on large es-
tablishments which have the capacity to manu-
facture from four to five thousand gallons per day.
The capacity of an establishment is the number
of gallons it can manufacture per day. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in his idea that in these latter
days all the whisky in the world is made in the
little copper still. A great while ago that was so.
But now it is manufactured by steaming the spirit
out of the beer after the fermentation. That is
done in as many tubs or stills as arc nccessary to
work up the amount that is daily mashed and fer-
mented. In large establishments that is from five
hundred to one thousand bushels per day, making
from three to four thousand gallons of whisky.
Now, what I complain of is, that the gentleman,
in his proposition, places the rate per gallon at so
high a figure that it will impose an unjust tax in
the way of license on large establishments. And
then it is a little unjust to say that distillers in the
West, who make whisky that sells at from ten to
fifteen ccnts per gallon, should pay as much per
gallon, in the way of license, as those who man-
ufacture what is called " delicious Bourbon,"
which is worth from seventy-five ccnts to one dol-
lar per gallon. Thus the gentleman will perceive,
and the committee will perceive, that fixing the
license of distillers on the capacity of their dis-
tilleries, would be a measure of great injustice to
the large establishments.
Mr. WICKLIFFE withdrew the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend,
in the twentieth line, by striking out " $100" and
inserting in lieu thereof " fifty dollars; ' so as to
make the licensc fee fifty dollars per year.
Mr. DUNLAP. I desire to make a remai'kor
two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will re-
serve my right to reply.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Nicolay, his Private Secretary, announcing that
the President had approved and signed an act (H.
R. No. 353) to provide for the appointment of
clerks in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
Boston, to fix their salaries, and to provide for
the absence of the Assistant Treasurer, and for
other purposes.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. DUNLAP. I understand the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
is to ieduce the licensc for a year from one bun-
dled dollars to fifty dollais, and to leduee the li-
cense for six months from fifty dollars to twenty-
five dollars. I do not think that will atall relieve
the difficulty under which we are laboring in refer-
ence to this whole matter. I still believe there
should be som^ discrimination in this matter of
licenses. The provision will still tax the distiller
who manufactures fifty gallons per day just as
much as you tax the distiller who manufactures
ten times that quantity m a year orm a day. The
original proposition required thepaymentof $100
for a license to distill liquors. The proposition
now is to leduee that license to fifty dollars, but
still makes no discrimination between the targe
and small distillers whatever. T beg again to insist
that there should be a discrimination between the
