284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
in charge of the train which took the President
through to Washington, (or to Harrisburg?) He
says:
" I was on the committee of arrangements at Jersey City,
where I live, and tliac brought me in connection with him.
Wo furnished a ferry-boat to take the party over, and had
our depot there decorated."
He next saw Wood at Washington, and there
said to him:
"Mr. Wood, 1 do not know how this thing is; but I have
been in Washington several times to try to get appointments,
or to supply the Government with something they wanted;
and although I have offered to do or furnish as cheap or
cheaper than other parties, I get no kind of attention; and
these things are managed in such a way as to shut out men
who should have a fair cJiance. I have come now, and brought
with me a small steel rifled cannon, of which there are
twenty-five in one battery."'
This wag what he complained of—that after
having spent his time, after being chairman of the
committee of reception, and forming the acquaint-
ance of the conductor of the presidential tra|n,
and coming on to Washington to supply theGov-
ernment with anything it needed, from persons to
fill its offices to the material that it wanted for the
prosecution of the war, he could get no kind of
attention paid to him. The Government forgot
that this witness was the chairman of the meet-
ing that welcomed the President at Jersey City
to the shores of the State of Jersey, and that is
what he complained of to the conductor of the
presidential train. He, the chairman of the Jer-
sey City committee, alleged that he was not well
treated by the Presidentand his Secretaries. This
is the witness, and he is questioned in such a way
that such a witness ought to be questioned.
"Have you any knowledge whatever 111 regard
to the charter of the steamer C.italine ?" To which
he answers that he has not. A general fislung
question is then put to him, whether "ho lias any
knowledge, directly or indirectly, of any con-
tracts made with the Government." To which
he replies, "that ho supposed he was summoned
here in relation to a matter which transpired 111
Washington, and which he mentioned to Mr. Van
Wyck. Mr. Wood, Commissioner of Public
Buildings in the city of Washington, said to me,
in a conversation, that his salary was of no earthly
object to him; that he would not stay in Wash-
ington for his salary if he could not make some-
thing outside; that he had already made three dol-
lars apiece upon a lot of guns sold to the Govern-
ment, and that he had an opportunity, situated as
he was, to operate in this kind of a way every
day."
1 state that the object of the committee in ex-
amining lum, it appears from this evidence, was
to prove something against Wood, the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, and he states what it
was. Mr. Van Wyck never having served upon
the committee which he raised, as I understand,
and never having been present for twelve hours
during its whole sittings, was not present at New
York, and the residue of the committee did riot
seem to know what ho appeared there for, and so
they put to him this general question. Then the
witness goes 011 to state something about this
business—this contract for which the Secretary of
the Treasury is to be impeached, and what is it?
"I went to Washington with Mr. Ormsby, tlie propi ichr
ol the Now fork (lank Nolo Company, ami auived there
■seven weeks ago to-moirow morning."
Now, what is this New York Bank Note Com-
pany? 1 asked the honorable gentlemen upon
that committee to tell me what the New York
Bank Note Company was; because 1 infer from
the evidence that there is no such corporation.
I have inquired of gentlemen about me familiar
with these matters ill the city of New York, and
they tell me there is no such corporation. And 1
am confirmed in that opinion, bccause Ormsby,
who is not known to any mcmbei of the commit-
tee, or anybody else, to be a responsible man, is
stated in the evidence as the proprietor of the New
York Hank Note Company. Therefore I infer
that there is no such corporation, and no such
company. But it is the proposition of Ormsby,
the proprietor of such a company, to do some en-
graving for the Government through this genera!
contract broker, Hopkins.
Mr. FENTON. 1 understand that this Ameri-
can Bank Note Company is a company organized
under the general law of New Yoik for the organi-
zation of eorpoiate companies.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am notspeaking of that
company, but of the JVew York Bank Note Com-
pany, owned by Ormsby, and I take it that it is a
myth—that there is no such thing.
Mr NOBLE. I would ask the honorable gen-
tleman from New York what difference it makes
whether it be a corporation or a private company ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I make this difference in
regard to the subject upon which I am speaking;
here is an imposition attempted upon the commit-
tee, and, through them, upon the House, by a man
who is confessedly here for the purpose of jobbing
and brokering in contracts of every kind and de-
scription—undertaking to show to us that he is rep-
resenting a competent and responsible engraving
company, and that that company could not get a
hearing from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. With the gentleman's
permission, I wish to say a word in explanation.
I do it because it was upon my motion that the
provision was stricken out. I made the motion
in no belief of my mind that the Secretary of the
Treasury was capable of so dishonest a public act;
but because I believed there were some dishonesty
in the transaction, and perhaps that Wood, now
in the public service as lieutenant in the Army,
had been guilty. My object was that this subject
should be referred to some committee to get at the
truth, which should cast aside the imputation
which has been cast in this debate upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not understand that
Wood, to whom the gentleman refers, holds any
military office at all,and do not believe liedoes.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish it understood that
I was mistaken when I said he was at Fort War-
ren; but I understand now, by a gentleman inti-
mately acquainted with the interior of Fort La
Fayette, that he is a lieutenant in the regular
Army, and is performing duty there.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I think that is an utter
mistake.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York misapprehends one fact 111 this transaction.
Ormsby is not the representative of one of those
bank note companies. There are two bank note
companies, the American Bank Note Company
and the National Bank Note Company, and it
was to these two companies that cnculais were
scut by the Treasury Department, calling atten-
tion to the fact that these notes were to be en-
graved. Ormsby was thinking to come in com-
petition with these companies, and I understand
from the testimony here that they are one and the
same company in fact.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I accord entirely with the
gentleman from Indiana, that Ormsby was neither
representing one of these companies, which are
existing companies; nor was he representing any
other company whatever. He claims to be the
proprietor of a bogus company, which does not
exist; and that is what I complain of.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will give me
an opportunity to reply to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
New York will allow me to inquire what bogus
company he professed to represent?
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 speak now of the JVtio
York Bank Note Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Ormsby professed to
submit a proposition upon his own responsibility
as an individual party.
Mr. SEDGWICK. As the proprietor of the
-Yew York Bank Note Company; and he will see
what Ormsby is before I get through. To enlighten
the House as to the character of the witness, I
wish to call attention to another statement of his.
On the first page of his testimony he says:
<! [ went,to Washington v:ith Mr. Oinisliy,the proprietor
01 the New York liank Note Company, and airived there
seven weeks ago jesterrtay morning."
That is under an examination by Mr. Steele.
Under an examination by Mr. Holman at a sub-
sequent page, he says:
'' Mr. Ormsby eame on to Washington afe<n days after I
went on.''
This is the witness upon whose testimony you
are to convict a high official of the Government
of fraud.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. While
every gentleman who has spoken upon the floor
has expressly stated that there was no intention
to impute the slightest discredit on the Secretary
of the Treasury, or to impair in any way his well-
earned reputation for integrity and honor, is it
worth while for any gentleman to undertake to say
that that is the issue before the House ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I undertake to say, Mr.
Speaker, upon the debate which has occurred,
that the defeat of this amendment can be supported
upon no other ground except that this contract is
a fraudulent contract, and that fraud has been
charged upon the officials of the Government; and
the inference must be either that they have been
cheated by this bank note company, or that they
have tried to plunder the Government by an un-
wise and fraudulent contract, made knowingly
upon their part; and the evidence which has been
referred to, and which I shall come to in a mo-
ment, and the object of reading it by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was to
show to the country, and to fix the charge, if not
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and that he
was conniving with these men, and keeping the
others off, upon the promise, from day to day, of
hearing them in regard to the transaction, until
the Secretary of the Treasury could send to Mr.
Cisco, in New York, and complete the contract,
and thus throw out any other parties. This would
be a fraud contrived or connived at both by the
Secretary and Assistant Secretary.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question, as I desire to be informed upon this
point. Was there any fair competition allowed
for this contract; or did the Secretary of the Treas-
ury give it out without competition ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The charge upon which
this controversy rests is, that it is assumed, with-
out evidence, that there are bank note engraving
companies, competenttodo the work, whoshould
have had notice, but did not. I am going to speak
upon the evidence I find before the committee.
As a matter of opinion, I state, from what I hear
from those better acquainted with the subject, that
there are not any companies except the American
Bank Note Company, and one other, that are
competent to do the work which the Secretary of
the Treasury requires. I say, at all events, that
this Ormsby represented no such engraving com-
pany.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to these inter-
ruptions, if I have a right to do so. I want a vote
to-night.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not propose to insist upon
the previous question after the gentleman from
New York has had his time. As he has permitted
this debate to be opened, I trust he will'permitit
to be continued.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I wanted simply to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague from New York, and not
to occupy a moment of the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the gen-
tleman cannot take the floor except for the pur-
pose of explanation.
Mr. OLIN. I believe the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdraws his objection ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do.'
Mr. OLIN. I was about to make this sugges-
tion to my friend. I do not like at all the course
of this debate. I believe with my friend from
New York, and with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that there has been
no fraud perpetrated in this contract, from all the
light that has come before me; but I do protest
here, nowand always, that when the issue offraud
is forced upon this House, that the gentleman who
has the control of the business of this House
more than any other person, shall not spring upon
the House the previous question and put an end
to that controversy. It is a question of more mo-
ment than dollars and cents, and as long as my
experience has borne me evidence in this House,
I never have yet seen a question brought before
this House, where there was a fair and honest
suspicion of fraud, that the House has not, with
entire unanimity, put the brand of condemnation
upon that measure. All I ask is that the chair-
man of Ways and Means shall have the good
sense, the discretion, and the forbearance to let
this matter be investigated as long as the House
desires to speak upon the question. I am per-
suaded that that course will meet the universal
approbation of the House and of the country
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me a word. I have
