1S06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
manufacturers of the article, and that the small
distiller should not be driven out of the trade be-
cause he is required to pay the same amount for
the privilege of distilling1 that the large distiller
pays.
It was for this reason that I moved when I was
up before to strike out the whole section. That
•would' leave the tax to be paid exclusively by the
gallon, and would placc the small manufacturer
upon the same footing with the large one. I shall
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont unless this discrimination is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The whole bill j
would have to be reorganized if the gentleman's |
idea should prevail. Why, sir, we do not make ;
any discrimination in the licenses to be paid by |
the manufacturers as to the amount produced. '
We only make the license a merely nominal tax
upon them as manufacturers. We thought that
distillers were entitled to the preference in this
matter, and that it was proper to tax them alittle
higher m this way than ordinary manufacturers.
We tax the licenses of manufacturers ten dollars
a year, and the man who manufactures goods to
the extent of §1,500 a year pays precisely the
same for his license as the establishment which
manufactures to the extent of §1,500,000 a year.
Now, in reference to licenses for other pursuits,
coal oil distillers, for instance, no discrimination
whatever is made as to the amount of their sales.
And so far as 1 know, the distillers themselves
desire that this license should be required, and I
do not understand that they think $100 is too much.
I hope it will be permitted to remain as wo have
fixed it, and if these small distillers do not wish
to take out a license for a year, they may take out
one for six months.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wTsh to modify my
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Can I not modify or
amend my own amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the amendment
to the amendment has boon voted on.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then 1 will move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Veimont.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont is an amendment in the
second decree, and cannot, therefore, be amended.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I had always supposed
that when a motion to strike out words was pend-
ing, it was in orderto modifyoramend the words
proposed to be stricken out. The gentleman from
Vermont moves to strike out my amendment; I
desne to peifect that amendment before the vote
is taken on striking it out. I claim the privilege of
making it more acceptable before it is stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that as many amend-
ments are pending already as arc admissible un-
der the rules. Three propositions are pending.
The first is to strike out the entire section*, the
second is the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to strike out words in the twentieth
line of the section,and (he third is the amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont to shikc out the
amendmentof the gentleman from Kentucky, and
insert other words. That is as far as the rules
permit amendments to be offered.
. Mr. WICKLIFFE. With great respect to the
Chair, I will state that I understand the condition
of the question pending to be this: one gentleman
moves to strike out the whole section. I have
moved to strike out a part of the original section,
and to insert certain words. The gentleman from
Vermont proposes to strike out my amendment,
and insert another in its place. Now, I submit
that 1 have the right to perfect the clause the gen-
tleman from Vermont ptoposos to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state todie
gentleman from Kentucky that it is impossible
under the rule. The gentleman from Kentucky
moves to perfect the original section before it is
stricken out, and the gentleman from Vermont
moves an amendment to the amendment. This is
as far as the rules will permit amendments to go.
The opinion of the Chair is sustained by other
gentlemen more familiar with the rules than him-
self.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield to the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to—
ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. CR1SFJELD. I now move to amend the
amendmentof thegentleman from Vermont winch
has been adopted as a substitute of the amend-
mentof the gentleman from Kentucky, by adding
at the end of it as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall require
licenses Tor stills used exclusively for distilling apple and
peach brandies.
So that the clause, as amended, would read:
And each such license hereafter to be granted shall re-
main in foice until the 1st day of January nextafter the date
theieol, and no longer; winch licenses shall respectively
be granted upon the payment, by such owner or agent, a*
aforesaid, of the sum of $100: Provided^ That nothing in
this section shall require licenses for stills used exclusively
for distilling apple and peach brandies.
Mr. Chairman, this is a very small business,
but still to a part of my constituents it is a very
important one. It is not conducted by them ex-
cept in households. There arc no large manufac-
tures of these articles, but each farmer, or some of
the farmers, at least, have small apple and peach
orchards, from the surplus of which they distill a
small quantity of brandy each year.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland if the practice in cases of the kind of
which he speaks, is not to have one distillery in
a neighborhood, in which the cider, &c., of all the
neighbors is distilled?
Mr. CR1SF1ELD. I think it is not. I may
be mistaken about that, but that is my opinion.
The whole business, as I have said, is a very small
one. A few hundred gallons only are distilled
annually by small farmers. A man who has a
small surplus of apples or peaches will convert
them into brandy. It is a matter of not very gicat
importance, but I assure this House that to re-
quire a license of fifty dollars to be paid by these
men would destroy the business entirelr. It can-
not be made out of it. The tax of fifteen cents
per gallon is a reasonable one, for that will only
apply to the quantity manufactured; but this li-
cense tax upon the distiller will ruin Clio business
of these men to whom I have referred.
Again, this bill proposes an annual license upon
all distillers. Now, the business of distilling ap-
ple and peach brandies does not last more than
two months in a year. Many do not distill for
more than one month, and yet they must pay a
license for twelve months to enable them to distill
for that month.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; they can take out
licenses for six months.
Mr. CRISFIELD. That is true; but you are
about making the year commence in A pi ll instead
of January. It will be recollected that this busi-
ness is carried on in the months of August and
September; so that after all it will be necessary
for these men to take out a license for the whole
year, and I think it is an unjust provision to re-
quire them to pay such a tax in the shape of license.
It is true that the whole business is a very small
concern, but it is one of great importance to the
farmers interested, and this provision will do great
injustice to them.
'Mr. WADS WORTH. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to say that I can assure him
that he is very much mistaken if he supposes that
this class of distillers is confined exclusively to
his district. It prevails extensively among the
people in my district. It is true, as the gentle-
man says, that it is a very small business, but
those who are engaged in jt will be wholly unable
to pay this tax. ft is a business very^ much in
vogue amongmy people, very much in favor, and
1 am satisfied that what my friend says is true,
that it will break down these distillers.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Iam obliged to my friend
from Kentucky. lie has given himself a new
claim upon my regard. He has shown that he is
not only a gallant Kentuckian, but that he has
good taste. [Laughter.]
I appeal to the House, Mr. Chairman, not to
interfere with this small business. It will injure
a grentmany people without doing much good for
the Government. My people are as loyal as any
people in tins country. They are willing to pay
all of the taxes necessary to support this Govern-
ment. But 1 will not be guaranty for their good
feeling if you destroy their small supplies of peach
and apple brandy for domestic use. I trust that
my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. The only thing I object to
in the gentleman's speech is the exelusiveness of
its compliment. I want him to know that there
is not a Kentuckian upon this floor who does not
share in his sentiments in the amendment, but
also in his good taste for apple and peach brandy.
[Laughter.] He ought to have included all of us.
Mr. STRATTON. I think that the gentleman
from Maryland has mistaken the construction to
be put upon this section so far as the time is con-
cerned. As I understand it, any man who de-
sires to take out a license can do so at any time
for a period of six months. He is not compelled
to take out the license on the 1st day of April or
on the 1st day of August, or at any other period
of the year, for a longer period than six months.
But that is the shortest period fixed by the bill.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. It is proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to strike out the
word "January," and in lieu of it to insert
" April;" and in the concluding line to strikeout
"fifty dollars," and in lieu of it to insert "twenty-
five dollars." What is the proviso? It reads as
follows:
Provided, That licenses applied for which terminate un-
der the provisions ot this act in les-< time than six months
may be eianted as aforesaid, upon the payment of the sum
of fifty doilais.
Within the six months the apple and peach
brandy will not be distilled.
Mr. STRATTON. Thegentleman calls itapple
brandy. We, in New Jersey, stick to the old-fash-
ioned designation, and call it apple whisky. It is
the liquor that my people drink, and the kind of
liquor that they think ought to be drank, when it
can be obtained in its pure state.
There is a considetable quantity of apple and
peach brandy or whisky manufactured in the State
of New Jersey, and neither the Representatives of
that State nor the people of that State are disposed
to ask that they shall be relieved from the payment
of their fair shaie of the taxes necessary for the
support of the Government. I want to be levied
upon my people a tax upon every article that is
properly a subject of taxation. I know that in
New Jersey, and it may be in some parts of New
York and some of the eastern States, there are large
quantities of this liquor distilled for sale, and that
it has been found to be a very profitable business.
I think that those who are engaged in the distilla-
tion of this liquor will sell enough to enable them
to pay this small tax for a license. They surely
can as well afford to pay it as those who distill
liquor from gram. In my State there are thou-
sands and thousands of gallons of that liquor made
by separate manufactories. It is found to be a
very profitable traffic, and there is no good reason
why they should not pay the same license tax as
those who distill liquor from grain. The small dis-
tilleries ref'-ned to by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr.CitfSMELD,] I apprehend, sell the liquor
that they distill and make a laige profit out of it;
and it strikes me that they ou^ht to be willing to
pay this small tax of twenty-five dollars.
ISLAND NO. 10.
The CHAIRMAN. The chairmanof the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Sedgwick] has sent
to the Chair a telegram relating to the attack upon
Island No. 10, and if there be no objection the
Chair will have it read. [Cries of "Read!"
"Read"']
The Clerk read, as follows:
Dispatch from Flag Officer Faotc, tivclvc, p. m.
Cairo, JShrck 19— Midnight.
Tills place, Island No 10, is hardei to eonquei than Co-
lumbus, as the inland shoies aie lined with torts—caoh fort
commanding the one above it.
We aie giadualij approaching, but still do not hope for
much till Pope's army can make a simultaneous attack in
the tear.
We aie filing day ami night on the rebel*, and we gain
on them; butattawrse is being med,winch,it successful,
will astonish sccesh
We aie having -orno of the most beautiful rifle practice
ever witne^rd." The moitar shell* have done tine execu-
tion ; one shell was fanly landed on their floating battery,
and cledied the concern in shoit muter. A M.J'.
For Flag Officer Foote.
TAX KILT. AGAIN.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I will move an amendment which
will, I think, relieve the committee fioni the diffi-
culty which has arisen here. It provides, I think,
satisfactorily for the small distilleries referred to
by the gentleman from Maryland. I move to add
the words, " and also which may terminate in less
than three months, on the payment of $12 50."
