1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The section provides for
licenses for a year.
Mr. NOBLE. My amendment will come in at
the end of the scction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is not germane.
Mr. DUNLAP. 1 move the following amend-
ment:
Strike out the words "fifty dollars," and insert in lieu
of them, " twenty-five dollars on each still or other instru-
ment used loi distilling spirituous liquois."
Mr. Chairman, I do that for the purpose of re-
lieving; the committee of the difficulty they are
laboring: under. Some employ one still and others
three or four, or more. My amendment will grad-
uate the tax by the payment of so much on cach
still.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Has my colleague ever
been in a large distillery?
Mr. DUNLAP. I do not think I ever have
been.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. They only use one still
and use a great many tubs.
Mr. DUNLAP. As my colleague is better
acquainted with the whole subject than I am, I
yield to his better judgment, and withdiaw my
amendment.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move
the following amendment:
Ptrike ouf a.$100," and insert:
Of the hum ot twenty-five dollars, where the capacity
of such btUl or oi implements used m lieu thereof,
dou& not exceed one hundred gallons pet day; the hum of
fifty dollais where the capacity exceeds one bundled and
less than five hundted gallon* per day ; and the stun of .^100
where the capacity exceeds live hundred gallons per day.
Mr. Chairman, i think that there ought to be
a graduation of this tax, and that small distilleries
ought not to pay the same as those which make
four thousand gallons a day and more.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that my colleague's
amendment will be disagieed to. If wo reduce the
tax to fifty dollars, or twenty-five dollars for six
months, nobody.who has taste enough to keep a
still will complain of it. As to the tax upon the
capacity of a still I know that that system was
adopted in 3814, but 1 never could see how itcould
fairly operate. In the next section we impose a tax
upon the production. I do not think that anybody
would complain of twenty-five dollars for a six
months' license. If there be any, let them take
another drink on itand complain. [Laughter.] I
know that the piactice is in my district for one still
to be used by a whole township. The neighbois
either sell their apples or take them to the still to
be distilled. Surely twenty-five dollars is not too
much for such a still to pay in the way of license.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,
was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to strike out the
proviso of the section, and in lieu of it to insert
the following:
Provided* That licences under thi-s act m.ivbe ciantcd at
the same rate lor any time not le-t. than tlnee months.
Mr. Chairman, I think that that amendment
ought to be adopted. The bill, as it nowstands,
imposes upon the interest, which T have endeav-
ored to protect, the highest rate of license tax. It
makes the end of the year come on the 1st of
April. Within the six months preceding the 1st of
April the business I am seeking to protect cannot
be prosecuted. This business is transacted within
one or two months, and those one or two months
precede the six months ending on the lstof April.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman try to
remedy that, and satisfy his section of country
by fixing the time when the year shall end?
Air. CRISFIELD. I prefer the matter to stand
in the bill as it is; hut 1 cannot see any icasoc '
why a business, which cannotbeprosecuted more
than one or.two months during the year, should
pay a license for a whole year. If this business
could be prosecuted during the whole year, it i
would be reasonable to require those who carry
it on to pay for a license for a year. But it is a j
business which every gentleman knows must be !
done, if u is done at all, within one or two months, j
and there is no reason why they should pay a j
license for a pdViod longer than they can be em- i
ployed m the business. j
And again then* is no inconvenience resulting I
from allowing that to be done. If you allow a i
license to be issued for six months, there is no
difficulty in allowing one to be issued for two or
three months. There can be no reason, founded
in justice or propriety or common sense, why
these people should be required to pay a license
for six months, when their whole business can-
not, in the nature of things, be carried on for more
than three months.
The question being upon the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. CRISFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr.STRATTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the proviso, and inserting
the words:
Provided, That licenses may be granted under this act,
at the same rate, lor any tune not less than six months.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that that is the proviso now.
Mr. STRATTON. I think the Chair is mis-
taken. The proviso only provides that licenses
which terminate under this act in less time than
six months may be granted upon the payment of
fifty dollars; but there is no provision by which a
license may be granted for a period exceeding six
months.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no ob-
jection to that amendment.
Mr. STRATTON. I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out the words "at the same rate,"
and inserting at the end the words " by payment
of the sum of twenty-live dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend, in lines thir-
teen and fourteen, by strikingout the words " such
persons reside," and insert the words k< they are
located;" so that the clause shall read:
And obtain fiom the collector npponued under tlih act,
for the collcction riistuet tn which they arc located, &c.—
referring to stills, &c.
Allow me to say that I propose to move, at the
proper moment, an amendment to the forty-second
section, beginning at line five, requiring licenses
to be granted to any person resident in the United
States, instead of to citizens of the United States;
so that a person who is a resident of the United
States shall be entitled to a license, if he desires.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Prowled* howcicr, That no Iicence shall be roquiied for
a ^tiil ol le-j capacity than loity gallons per (lay.
This amendment covers a class of stills about
which we of my country feel so great solicitude.
It is designed to protect that class of persons who
distill apples and peaches into a small quantity of
whisky of the very finest quality. That class of
peisons do not engage in this business for profit.
They do not know even when they will be able
to do it, as that depends entirely upon the fruit
crop; and they do not and cannot know, in ad-
vance, when they will have a crop which will jus-
tify them to enter upon the distillation of peaches
and apples. It is a small matter, a domestic busi-
ness, and we do not desire to be taxed for it. I
hope the Committee of Waysand Means will con-
sent to this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the class of
people to which the gentleman refers, I do not de-
sire to exempt them; for they are the fancy dis-
tilleis, who make a good oiucle lor lum and me
and two or three others. They make that pure
and ethereal kind which brings three and four dol-
lars a gallon. We have a man m our country
who makes that kind, and we call it the " J. B."
whisky: it is a very superior kind.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to my friend
from Pennsylvania that we make in Kentucky a
very fine quality of whisky; but we are moie lib-
eral wiih it than he is, or certainly more liberal
than Ins friend " J. B." is; for 1 have undeistood
that a gentleman followed him a whole dayto get
a d  op'of his fine whisky, and at the end of along
journey ho succeeded m getting a snip at it. "Is
not that the best liquor you ever drank?" said
J. B. "Yes, sii, and the hardest to be got."
[Laughter.] Put in Kentucky, a man may get it
bv coming to our houses.
"Mr. STEVENS. That is true everywhere—
the most valuable thing is always the hardest to
get. [Laughter.] The man to whom I have re-
ferred makes a valuable article, and it is hard to
be got at. I have a little of it; and if my friend
will come to my house f will—well, I will not
say what now; but at some other time I will.
[Laughter.] The man to whom the gentleman
from Kentucky refers, as well as some of Ms
friends, would not be hurt by being required to
pay twenty-five dollars for the privilege of distil-
ling such liquors, for they always get, I know,
three, four, or five times the price of ordinary
whisky. I think my friend had better let it stand
as it is, and let the consumer pay the increased
price as it is consumed.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to amend by add-
ing the following proviso:
Provided, That distiller* of apples and peaches may take
out a license for that business lor the space of three months
upon the payment of §12 50.
I desire to correct an error into which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from
New Jersey seem to have fallen, in denominating
this liquor whisky. If they were to go into the
section ofcountry where the people distill peaches
and apples, and call the product whisky, they
would be considered outside barbarians. We do
not know the article by any such name;andifthey
were to go down there, and attempt to lay a tax
upon it, I do not know what would become of
them.
This is a very small business, and to lay a
heavy tax upon it would injure the interests of a
large number of people, while it would not ad-
vance the interests of the Government. There is
no traffic in this article except in their own neigh-
borhoods. It is a domestic consumption. It con-
tributes to the wealth of a few, and it contributes
to the taste and comfort of a great many. I do
hope that this House, will allow an exception to
be made in favor of these articles, otherwise the
business will be destroyed. Like every other dis-
tillation, it will pay its tax of fifteen rents per gal-
lon, or whatever may be fixed upon by the House,
and I cannot see either the justice or the propriety
of imposing upon distillers who are unable to pay
it a tax higher than is proposed in this proviso.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will be per-
mitted to pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought a proposition sim-
ilar to this had been voted down before.
Mr. CRISFIELD. No, sir; let me explain to
the gentleman. Theiirstproposition which I made
was to allow the distillation of peach and apple
brandy to be entirely free from the tax upon stills.
That was voted down. The next proposition was
to allow licenses to be taken out for distillation
for any fraction of a year less than six months
and over three; and that was voted down. That
amendment was general and embraced all distill-
ation. My pioposition now relates to the distill-
ation of apple and peach brandy only.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit whether we have
not spent time enough about this matter for one
morning, if we mean to go on with the balance
of the bill? I submit whether it is worthy of the
legislation of the House to have a contest like
tins about a little matter of two or three dollars
a still ?
Mr. CRISFIELD. I do not think it is, and
therefore I think you ought to give way.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know very much
about the gentleman's constituents, but I believe
they are high-minded men, who will not complain
of having to pay this small tax. I hope we shall
leave the bill as it is.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I can only say that if this
tax is imposed, the business must stop.
Mr. NIXON. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Cris-
riELD.]
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 51, noes 47.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In line seven-
teen I move to strike out " January," and insert
" April," so that it will read:
And cach tnch heon'-c hereafter to be granted shall re-
main in lbree until the lstd ly of April next, after the date
thcieof, and no longei.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. X move to amend the forty-
second section by striking out in the fifth line the
