18621
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
thereof as may be necessary, for the benefit of said
Indians; and .. v
A joint resolution (No. 84) for the relief of pre-
emptors on the home reservation of the W^inne-
bagoes, in the Blue-earth region in the State of
Minnesota.
CAItMACK AND RAMSEY.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted upon its amendmentto the joint res-
olution (S. No. 89) in relation to the claim of Car-
mack & Ramsey, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. James M.Ashley of Ohio,
Mr. Schuyler Colfax of Indiana; and Mr. Ed-
win H. Webster of Maryland, managers at the
same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House ofRepresentatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received-the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne.
A bill (H. R. No. 393) making further appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the vear ending 30th
of June, 1862.
A bill (H. R. No. 55G) to change the place of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of West Tennessee.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) providing for
the distribution of surplus copies ofthe Biennial
Register for 1861, among the several bureaus in
the Executive Departments.
SERVICE OF MILITIA.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 384*)
to amend the act calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the laws ofthe Union, suppress insurrections,
and repel invasions, approved February 28,1795.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,{Mr. FosYerhi
the chair.) The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
moved an amendment to the bill, and the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved an amendment
to the amendment. The amendments will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. It is hardly necessary, I sup-
pose, to reread my amendment. It was yesterday
agreed that we should consider it by sections, and
I now desire to make a verbal alteration in the
ninth line of the first section, which is the section
under consideration, by inserting after " fed"the
words, " and clothed;'5 so as to make the clause
read, " and they shall be fed and clothed, and paid
such compensation for their services as they may
agree to receive when enrolled."
Mr. SHERMAN. I intended to move to strike
out that last clause, because I think the compen-
sation ought not to be left to the quartermasters,
who probably will have to settle it, but ought to
be fixed by law. I hope, therefore, the Senator
from Iowa will agree to strike out that clause and
to provide the rate of compensation in the third
section!" I make the suggestion, because, if it be
left open, it will be left in a great measure to the
quartermasters, and there will be different rules
in regard to the pay, and difficulties may occur.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not noticed the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. I suggest that the
alteration 1 propose be adopted, and then 1 will
look at the amendment he has proposed.
Mr. KING. Theamendmenthas not been acted
on, and I suppose the Senator from Iowa may
modify it avS ho chooses. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Inwn may modify his own amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I modify itas I have suggested,
by inserting the words " and clothed "after4'fed.3'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question '
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that the first section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend it by strik-
ing out the words, "and they shall be fed and
clothed, and paid such compensation for their ser-
vices as they may agree to receive when enrolled."
Mr. KING. I suggest whether, when those
words are struck out, it may not be as well to in-
sert in that section the provision we wish to make
in regard to pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to put in a separate
section by itself defining the pa,y. 1 think it ought
to be defined by law, and not left indefinite, or so
indefinite as this would leave it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the first section
of Mr. Grimes's amendment, as amended.
Mr^ KING. I ask that the proposition be read
as it now stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to receive into the service of the Uni-
ted States, for the purpose of constructing intrenchments,
or performing camp service, or any other labor, oi any mil-
itary or naval service for which they may be found compe-
tent,persons of African descent; and such persons shall
be unrolled and oiganized under such regulations, not in-
consistent with the Constitution and laws, as the President
may prescribe.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask now if there
is anything in the laws which confines the Presi-
dent or the War Department in raising armies to
men of any particular color, nationality, or kin-
dred?
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator inquire
of me ?
Mr. COWAN. I ask the question of somebody.
I am not very familiar with these laws myself.
We have authority under the Constitution to raise
armies. I know thatlrishmen,Germans,Scotch-
men, French men, may be enlisted. Now, I should
like to know whether a negro may be enlisted in
the regular Army.
Mr. COLLAMER, So far as I understand,
there is no law prohibiting the enlistment of col-
ored men. They are engaged in the Navy, and
have always been, to some extent. We have no
law prohibiting their enlistment* in the Army.
The Constitution provides that the militia shall
be organized according to act of Congress; and
Congress, in 1792, passed a law for organizing
the militia, and in that law it was provided that
the militia should be composed of all free white
male citizens, between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five years; and therefore, when the militia
arc called into the United States service, it in-
cludes only white male citizens; but in iclation
to the Army there is no law forbidding the enlist-
ment of colored people, so far as 1 can ascertain.
I speak with a good degree of confidence, upon
the examination I have given the laws.
I see that some confusion has come over us in
regard to volunteers and militia. Volunteers are
really militia raised by the States, commissioned
by the Governors. As a corps it is unknown to
the Constitution by the name of vohmtecrs. That
term has grown up in comparatively modern
times. There was no such thing known to us
duiing the last war with Great Britain, except
that 1 believe an act was passed in the second year
of the war for engaging volunteers, and we had
one regiment from the State of Maine, commis-
sioned by the President for one year's service, as
United States volunteers. But what are called the
volunteers received from the militia, instead of a
draft of the militia, originated in the Mexican war,
and that idea has been continued down to this
time; but they were regarded as volunteer militia,
and commissioned accordingly. We have got into
«.little confusion about it at this time, because last
summer, after passing an act allowing the Presi-
dent to call upon the States for their quota, we
passed another act declaring that the President
might accept volunteers in cases where he did not
call upon the States according to their quota. I
believe the President, under that act, gave out
orders foY regiments and brigades. I think the
Sickles brigade was organized in that way, as
United States volunteers, and, I suppose, commis-
sioned by the President. The idea of volunteers
as substitutes for drafted militia is entirely a new
thing. The drafting of the militiawhich this bill
talks of and provides for was in the day of it, that
is, in 1792, when the fust act was passed,a plain,
straight business. It was so during the last war
with Great Britain, when I had personal occasion
to know something about it, for I served in the
militia myself as a subaltern for one campaign in
the war of 1812.
The first thing to which I would call attention
is, that then the service of the militia waslimited
to six months. In the present bill it is proposed
to leave that entirely lo the President. I think
that is not wise, becaiise it will arnount, or may
amount, really to conscription'. During the war
of 1812,1 remember that there >Vas an attempt to
make a classification of the militia, and a-System
of conscription bills was introduced for that pur-
pose, but they entirely failed .in Congress." 1ft'no
form would Congress adopt anythirigiike tfieEu-
ropean conscription. Now, if the President Ofthe
United States is, by this bill, to be clothed with
power to call out the militia in such numbers.as
ne thinks proper, and to limit their service as he
chooses, to three years or during the war—for this
bill leaves it unlimited—I say, if we adopt a sys-
tem to allow him to draft the militia and fix the '
time of their service, and to say that they shall
serve for that time, it is conscription. It is draft-
ing men without limitation, entirely at Executive
control, in the numbers that he pleases and for the
time that he pleases. That is conscription. I do
notsupposethatwhat I personally thinkaboutitis
a matter of any sort of consequence, except as to
one vote, but 1 want the proposition put into plain
English and distinctly understood. 1 shall vote
against any proposition of this kind, and I do it
because it is conscription unlimited in time and
unlimited in numbers. It is a power that I will
vest in no President, and I follow the example of
a period when even our capital was taken by a
foreign enemy, and then Congress would not do it.
I shall move, if no one else does, in due time^ that
ihe period of service shall be limited, not exceed-
ing six months, and in that I shall follow prece-
dent and early experience. The militia, when called
out, should be called for a campaign, no more.
That was the experience of the war of 1812, and
that precedent was founded on the experience of
the Revolution. They never made their drafts of
militia during the Revolution except for a cam-
paign, and six months cover a campaign in most
ofthe country. If the time were fixed even at a
year, it would relieve the bill very much from the
difficulty which is in my mind; but six months I
think the belief- period, according to our early
practice. It is hardly worth while'to call out the
myitia during the winter, to spend their time in
winter quarters, when they are of no use. When
you call out the militia, you call them on the
ground that they can be of immediate relief and
us-e; and if so,"you should call them during an ac-
tive campaign early in the spring, and relieve them
in the fall. They did so in the Revolution; they
did it in the last war with England. Personally,
I went out in the month of June, and returned in
the month of December.
Theie seems to me to be some confusion about
another matter. This bill provides that when the
militia shall be called out, they shall be organized
as volunteers are organized, and the officers ap-
pointed for them by the Geneial Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No; they
are to be organized the sumo as the volunteer
force called out last year. The regimental and
company officers are commissioned by the Gov-
ernors of the States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proposition nowpend-
ing, as I have it before ine in punt, provides in
the first section that colored people shall be apart
of the militia.
Mr.GRIMES. No; that has been substituted
by another provision.
Mr. COLLAMER. What has become ofthe
one which I have before me ?
Mr. GRIMES. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Iowa adopted
the first two sections of a bill I offered and with-
drew the section he had offered, which will ex-
plain it fully to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. When the militia are
drafted, as I undeistand, they ure diafted with all
their officers. For instance, if you want enough'
from Massachusetts to make a brigade, the order
goes for a brigade, including its general, and all
the drafts are made of all the necessary officers all
the way down. The militia are to have their own
generals as much as they have their own colonels.
1 am not now talking of volunteers. Volunteers
come out m modern times by regiments, the offi-
cers of which are commissioned by the Governor,
and the general officers appointed by the Piesi-
dent. But in relation to the militia, the idea that
they can be organized, as is suggested by the last
section of the bill, as volunteers, will not do. If
you draft the militia, they come with all their offi-
cers, generals and all, according to the Constitu-
