1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dogma of despotism, mid prove to the world that
they are worthy of the freedom which they as yet
possess. Let them seek wisdom and warning on
this vital subject in the teachings of that great
founder of American democracy, Thomas Jeffer-
son. Discussing this question, in 1813, he said:
"At the time we were funding our national debt, we
heard much about < a public debt being a public blessing;'
that the stock representing it was a creation of active cap-
ital for the aliment of commerce, manufactures, and agri-
culture. Tiiis paradox was well' adapted to the minds of
believers in dreams, and the gulls of that size entered bona
nde into it."
We are warranted, then, in affirming that this parody
on the principle of a public debt, being a public blessing and
its mutation into the blessing of private instead of public
debts, is as ridiculous as the original principle itself."
And again, in a letter to Albert Gallatin, this
profound statesman and political philosopher
2207
But if the debt should once more be swelled to a form-
idable size, its entire discharge will be despaired of, and we
shall be committed to the English career of debt, corrup-
tion, rottenness, closing with revolution. The discharge of
the debt, therefore, is vital to the destinies of our Govern-
ment, and it hangs on Mr. Madison and yourself alone."
But, sir, I am well aware that I will be met here
by the familiar cry that these terrible expendi-
tures are necessary to maintain the existence of
the Government and to carry on the war in which
we are engaged. To this assertion I return a plain
and explicit denial. From whatever quarter it
comes, whether from high places or low placcs,
it is not true. The public debt up to this hour,
and to the extent of its fearful proportions, has
not been the work of a national necessity, nor the
creation of honest hands. The Mexican war,
though a foreign and distant one, in which we paid
the soldier substantially the same that we pay him
now, cost this Government, under the wise and
honest administration of James K. Polk, in pro-
portion to the numbers engaged—man for man—
but little more than one fourth the amount now
being expended on a war waged at our very door
steps. Of course, I do not deny that heavy ex-
penses have beenproperlyincurred; butthatfraud
and crime in their darkest hues have swollen to
an overwhelming amount the pecuniary liabilities
of the people, I stand ready to prove. I shall ask
no man to decide without the evidence to sustain
so serious a charge. I make it, sir, with no pleas-
ure. I delight not in such things. I love to speak
kindly of my fellow-man. I would lather praise
than censure. Before my great Judge I can say
that there is nothing in my heart which desires
to drag down or wound any human being in the
wide world. I would rather lift men up, if in my
power, than abase them. I love, too, theirappro-
bation. But when these wishes and desires of
my heart stand in the way of my public duty,
they must all be suppressed. The duty, however
ungracious and unpleasant, must be performed;
and in the case now under consideration itseems,
to my mind, that righteous justice demands the
task before me. The authors of a grinding extor-
tion from the weary hands of honest labor are
enemies to the human race, and should be so
treated.
Sir, as early as last July, when this Congress
first met in extraordinary session, the taintof cor-
ruption was perceived in the atmosphere of the
capital,and a committee,since so celebrated, was
raised to investigate and to expose. Theresultof
a portion of the labors of that committee is before
the country in the shape of a volume of over
eleven hundred pages. The majority of that com-
mittee are friends to the party now in power, and
the evidence which they have furnished is entitled
to full credit. Would that a volume of it could
be placed in the hands of every tax-paying voter
of the country ! Its dark labyrinths of proven
guilt ought to be explored by every intelligent
mind. By the solemn testimony of this commit-
tee no branch of business connected with the mil-
itary and naval affairs of this Government seems
to have escaped the hungry grasp of unlawful
avarice and peculation. From the smallest article
of food which enters into the soldier's ration, to
the purchase of cattle for an entire army; from
the blanket on which the tired soldier sleeps at
night to the vast fortifications for the defense of
a city; from the pistol at the soldier's belt to the
cannon at whose breech he stands in the day of
battle; from the meanest transport sloop to the
mightiest man-of-war afloat, everywhere and on
everything we find the impress of favoritism and
of fraud. The report of this committee is before
me, and I submit a few extracts in proof of my
statement. Speakingof contracts for cattle made
by the War Department during its management
by Mr. Cameron, the committee say:
" We have here not only evidence of gross mismanage-
ment, a total disregard of the interests of the Government,
and a total recklessness in the expenditure of the funds of
the Government, but there is every reason to believe that
there was collusion upon the part of the employes of the
Government to assist in robbing the Treasury, for, when a
conscientious officer refused to pass cattle not in accord-
ance with the contract, he was in effect superseded by one
who had no conscientious scruples in the matter, and cat-*
tic that were rejected by his predecessor were at once ac-
cepted.
" With such a state of things existing, if officers of the
Government who should be imbued with patriotism and
integrity enough to have acare of the means of the Treasury
are ready to assist speculating contractors to extort upon
and defraud the Government, where is this system of pec-
ulation to end, and how soon may not the finances of the
Government be redueed toa woeful bankruptcy?"
Again, on the same subject:
" In this matter there is much evidence of gross misman-
agement and culpable carelessness inmakingcontracts, to-
gether with a reckless improvidence of the means of the
Government. Evidence exists oflarge contracts for cattle
having been made without any advertisement for bids, or
any effort being made by the agents of the Government to
satisfy themselves whether the prices to be paid were ex-
orbitant, or even extortionate."
Speaking of the cmploymentof Alexander Cum-
mings by Mr. Cameron, then Secretary of War,
to fill an important contract by which the Gov-
ernment has lost large sums of money, the com-
mittee say:
" Mr. Cummings had nogeneral acquaintance with busi-
ness in New York. He had been a newspaper editor in
Pennsylvania for twelve years, and had been in New York
as the publishei of another paper for some eighteen months.
He was the intimate personal and political friend of the Sec-
retary of War, 'and acquainted with the interna! arrange-
ments and connections of the railroads of Pennsylvania,'
over which supplies are to bo shipped, and be is invested
with the control of $2,000,000 to purchase equipments for
our army, and charter vessels for tianspoitmg troops and
supplies. He takes no oath, and gives no bond." * *
* * " Such a system of public policy must lead inev-
itably to personal favoritism at the public expense, the cor-
ruption ot the public morals, and a luinous profligacy in the
expenditure of the public treasure, organizing an army of
sappers and miners whose covert assaults on the nation
would scarcely be less effective than the open assaults of
its traitorous enemies."
Again, on this subject:
" Can the Secretary ot War pretend $at the national peril
and the necessity for immediate action justified these irre-
sponsible expenditures of the public money with no settle-
ment for four months afterwards, even if there had been no
responsible and experienced public officers in New Yoik
to porfoim the duties?"
On the subjcct of buying arms, as conducted
by the late Secretary of War, the committee state
a loss of over ninety thousand dollars to the Gov-
ernment in one transaction, and say:
"No Government that ever has existed can sustain itself
with such improvidence in the management of itsaffaiis."
In regard to the purchase of horses and wagons
for the public service the committee sum up as
follows:
" It appears from all the evidence which is detailed in
the rccord of evidence accompanying this report, that the
parties to these discreditable tiansaclions had a perfect un-
derstanding with each otlier, and engaged in a system of
couupt peeumaiy gains by means of requisitions'and re-
ceipts signed in blank, and false invoices, at a time when the
over-taxed finances of the Government and the confidence
of a irenerous and patriotic people demanded the most rigid
integuty."
Sir, in view of this dark record of atrocious
guilt, it is no wonder that the chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Van Wyck,] in his speech of
February 7, on this floor, should exclaim:
"The mania for stealing seems to have run through all
the relations of Government. Almost 1'ioni the general to
the drummer boy, from those nearest the throne of power
to the merest tide-waiter. Nearly every man who deals
with the Government seems to feel or desire that it would
not long survive, and each had a common right to plunder
while it lived."
Again, the chairman says:
u While it is no justification, the example has been set
in the veiy Depaitments of the Government. As a general
thing none^ut favorites gain access there, and none other
can obtain contracts which hear enormous profits." " The
Depaitment which lias allowed conspiracies after bidding
hail been closed to defraud the Government of the lowest
bid, and by allowing the guilty to reap the fruits of their
crime, has itself become parliceps criminis."
And well might the able and fearless mem-
ber of the committee from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,J in view of these revelations, also assert,
as he did before the House and the country, that
"startling facts have come to the notice of the
committee, and to the notice of the whole courftry*
touching the mode and manner of the expenditure
of the public money;" that "in the first year, of.
a Republican Administration, which panic into
power upon professions of reform and retrench-*
ment, there is indubitable evidence abroad in the-
land that somebody has plundered the public
Treasury well nigh in that single year as much as
the entire current yearly expenses of the Govern-
ment during the Administration which the people
hurled from power because of its corruption."
And further, that those heavy measures of tax-
ation which have been brought forward by the
Committee of Ways and Means would " fall like
a dead pall upon the public, unless before them
goes this assurance, that these vast and extreme
measures instituted to resuscitate and revive and
replenish the Treasury, are not merely for means
to fill other and longer, as well as the already
gorged pockets of public plunderers."
But, sir, passing on from the evidence of fraud
and corruption in the management of our public
affairs, as furnished by the proceedings of this
House, I proceed to other fields. The result of
the labors of this committee are before the coun-
try, and I can do no more in my brief hour (ban
to extract a few conclusive sentences. But inves-
tigation of this kind has not been confined alone
to this body. The other branch of Congress has
had the subjcct of official delinquency also forced
upon their attention. 1 hold in my hand a report
of the Senate Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
lating to one single transaction in which the Gov-
ernment suffered a loss of §70,000. I read from
its concluding portions:
" It is said to be necessary, not only that justice should
be done, but that the public should be satisfied that it is
done; and in this view your committee regret that in the
city of New York a man could not be found to transact
this business for the Navy Department, out of the family
connection of the Secretary, for however pure and honest
his purpose may have been in the selection, it cannot lail
to give rise to &ucpieions that other motives than a single
purpose to subserve the public interests may possibly have
influenced the choice that was made. The time, too, at
which this airangement was made by which such avast
and disproportionateamountof the public money was paid
for so inconsiderable a service, was peculiarly unfortunate.
The country was engaged in a war in which its very exist-
ence was at stake. The nation had been aroused, and was
contnbuting men and money without stint to defend the
national life, vindicate the national honor, and restore the
rightful supremacy of tiic Constitution and the laws. The
energies and the industry of the country were to be taxed
as they never had been before, and the pressing necessities
of the Government had compelled it to resort to new and
untried sources of revenue. The hut of poverty and the
splendid mansions of wealth were alike called upon to aid
in bearing the burden which rebellion and civil war had
thrown upon the nation. All tins was borne, and would
have been borne cheerfully, if the tax-payers had seen or
been convinced that their money was to be faithfully and
economically applied to the purposes for which it was
raised But when they see immense sums lavished upon
personal or political favorites for small and inconsiderable
services, confidence in the Government is impaired, public
cicdit i  paralyzed, and the very existence of the nation is
imperiled."
And in commenting on this alarming state of
corruption in the Navy Department, a very dis-
tinguished Senator [Mr. Hale] used the follow-
ing strong language:
" When the country was taxing itself as it never had be-
fore, when it was bleeding at every pore, when new and
untried sources of revenue were re>orted to, when you were
taxing the necessaries of the humblest inhabitant of your
land, and when the land was straining itself and allitsciti-
zens, and they were sending their young men to the field
and giving their money to the Tieasury—at that time and
in that houi when it seemed as if the vciy existence of the
nation stood in the scale, doubtful which way it was to turn,
George D. Morgan, a merchant of New York, a biother-in-
law of the Secretary of the Navy, was receiving from the
hard eai nines of this, hard-taxed people a compensation
equal to about twelve thousand dollars a month."
He further says:
" 1 regret to see what has been stated in several of the
papeis, not that they believed this was an honest transac-
tion, not that it was a fair one. nor that it was one that de-
served to receive the approbation and the sanction of the
Government; hut the excuse is, that it is not half so had as
what has been done in other cases; and I have no doubt that
that is true. J have no doubt that if some ot the investigating
committees go on they will find that theie have been trans-
actions compared with which $70,000 was. a small Misn.and
that it wili beconsidered ungracious to call up one ot these
petty offenders that has only taken $70,000 and deal with
him when there aie others going otF staggering under the
load of hundreds of thousands.
" You are about to call upon this people for large taxes;
you aie about to call on them for a large loan, and a large
tax to pay the interest on that loan, to maintain the public
faith and to enable your aimics to piosocute this war suc-
cee^iully. 1 a^k you, Senatots, with what (ace you can go
home to your constituents when they see this thing which
they all know and understand > when they see that $70,000
