1862.
THE OONGKESSIONAL' GLOBE.
be the object. I understood him to state that his
motive was to enlarge the section; but I certainly-
imputed no motive to the Senator, and I shall not.
Mr, TEN EYCK. The Senator did misunder-
stand me when he construed my language to mean
that my sole object was to enlarge the effect of
this section. I had no such object. X stated,how-
ever, by way of explanation, that the only effect
my amendment could have would be to enlarge it.
Mr. KING. Exactly.
' Mr. TEN EYCK. I went further, and said that
perhaps the Senate might be a little surprised that
I should take such a position, as I have been ac-
cused here and elsewhere of rather too much con-
servatism, and being rather slow, arid not quite
. up to high water mark in the judgment of certain
gentlemen whose opinions and whose judgments
are of course much better than my own.
Sir, I do not think it is necessary to specify all
the services that these men may be called upon to
render; nor do I believe that the power of the
President or the power of the Government will be
crippled in the necessary use and employment of
the persons referred to, by the adoption of my
amendment. If the Senator from New York had
taken the pains to cast his eye upon the other sec-
tions of this proposition, and in fact upon the few
following lines of the first section, he would see that
the amendment which I propose would have no
effect whatever in depriving the President or the
military power of the use of these persons in any
branch of the public service in which they see nt
to use them. If the striking out of these words
would have that effect, the following words in the
section would place another construction upon the
kind of service which is to be rendered. I claim
the indulgence of the Senate for a moment while
I read the section as I propose to amend it:
That the President be, and he is- hereby, authoiized to ro-
ofive into the service of the United States for the purpose of
constructing intrench merits, or perlonning camp service, or
any other labor or seivicei'or which they may be tound
competent, persona of African descent; and such persons
shall be enrolled and organized under such lemulation*, not
inconM'stenr with the Constitution and laws, a* the Presi-
dent may prescribe.
Then in an amendment which has been pro-
posed and which I apprehend there will be no dif-
ficulty about passing in the Senate, it is provided:
Jlrtd be it further enacted, That all persons who have been
or Mial! be hereafter enrolled in the scrvico of the United
States under this act, shall toceive the pay and rations now
allowed by law to soldiers.
1 regret that the proposition I submitted to the
Senate should have led to any consumption of the
time of the body. I frankly say that my object
was to relieve this section ofa little of its asperity;
and if it had any other effect it left it stronger in
fact than the words as proposed by the committee.
There can be no such construction put upon it as
the Senator from How York seems to anticipate,
that these people may not be used with arms in
their hands. If any such construction was at-
tempted to be put upon ft, it would be a forced and
improper one, one which would not be justified
by the law or by the fact, and the adoption of any
such amendmentby the Senate could notauthonze
the Executive, the Commander-in-Chief, to put
any such construction on u as that he should not
use those persons in the way which may become
necessary for the public service. Neither have I
taken the position, nor do I suppose any person
connected with the Administration has taken the
position, thata man or boy of African descent who
has served the country in any of the modes pointed
out, belonging to a rebel, or where a rebel claims
his services or his labor, should not be entitled to
his freedom. I know of no such person, at least
on this side of the House; and if the Senator's
warmth or allusion v^as meant in the slightest de-
giee to reach thfs quarter, I say most respectfully
he has mistaken the man to whom ho made ref-
erence.
If u should be that the confiscation bills which
have been proposed and which are nowundeigo-
mg the examination of a committee of conference,
should pass, as I trust one of them will pass in a
I modified form, and as I have heard no objection
^ to the eleventh section of the confiscation bill as
proposed by the select committee of the Senate,
ihere will be sufficient and ample authority on the
1 part of the President, conferred upon him by that
\ section, to use these persons in any way to put
down and suppress the rebellion; and asl believe
that will become a law, it was hardly necessary,
in my view, to pile statute upon statute in relation
to the same subject; still I did not mean to raise
any objection to this first section, but I thought
it might be benefited in/its form and in its char-
acter by striking out these words.
Mr. KING. My relations with the Senator
from New Jersey,during all the time we have been
acquainted, have been such that he certainly can-
not suppose I designed to say one word unkindly
of him. He knows the esteem and the respect I
have for him; and although we may not on all
questions entirely agree, we very nearly do so on
all that are of any importance, and where we do
not, we differ with entire respect for each other.
I have felt it. The Senator suggests, in the kind
manner in which he has presented his views, that
one of the purposes or one of the effects of his
suggestion, at 1'east, would be to relieve this prop-
osition somewhat of its asperity.
Now, Mr. President, in the passage of our laws,
I would not have any doubt or cloudiness or am-
biguity, lest they should be regarded as being
expressed with asperity. Certainly our friends,
those on our own side, can have no trouble upon
this subject; and the time has come, I think, when
we should speak so plainly that our enemies can
understand us, whether they get mad abofot it or
not.
I have done talking in such a manneras to avoid
giving offense to our enemies in this matter. On
this question of irritation, I told the Senator the
other day, I believe, that I should relate a fact
which occurred here in March, 1861. I think it
was the captain of the watch here at the Capitol
who came and consulted about getting permission
to omit during the session of the Senate to hoist
the flag on the top of the Capitol; and when he
was asked what he wanted to omit that for, he said
lie feared it might be supposed that it might save
labor and trouble, but he really suggested it be-
cause it hurt these people abouthere to look at it,
[laughter,] to see the flag from the top of the Cap-
itol. [Laughter.] I had not done much, but I
wrote a letter very promptly to the Secretary of
the Interior stating the fact, and saying that 1 did
not care whom he appointed, but I wanted that
man removed. He was removed, and within ten
days was with the enemy at Manassas. His name
was Dunnington. Part of those facts came within
my own personal observation, though, of course,
the fact that he was in the confederate army within
that time, I do not know personally.
This idea that we shall refrain from doing what
is clearly right and proper, that we shall avoid
using direct and clear expressions lest it may be
unpleasant to somebody's cars, is, I think, hyper-
critical m reference to the passage of a law. We
have got to take off our gloves and our coats and
go at these people in earnest.
Mr. TEN EYCK. One single word. The allu-
sions of the Senator from New York in reference
to me were of the kindest character and mostgratc-
ful to me; but if he had any design to run a par-
allel between the case of the person who had a ten-
derness about the feelings of others [laughter] and
the course 1 have pursued, I have ]ustm all kind-
ness to say to the Senator, that if he is disposed
to bear the standard of his country in the face of
the enemy—although it is not a fair proposition,
he being my senior and, per haps, affording broader
scope for danger, [laughter]—he will find me ready
to carry the standard of the country as far and as
near the face of the enemy as he, under ail cir-
cumstances. Sir, there is no fear on my part of
the enemy, and there is no boast on my part. I
am ready to march up to all essential positions
that my duty here or elsewhere may require at my
hands. I do not know, nor have I the least iden
that the Senator meant to make an allusion of that
kind, but still it occasioned a smile, and it occa-
sioned the direction of some eyes in this quarter.
I may have been too vain to suppose that I was
noticed when I was not.
Mr. KING. The Senator will allow me to say
that I have as entire confidence in his fidelity and
in his loyalty as I have m my own, of which I
do not assume to speak; but I have not any doubt
about it.
Mr. GRIMES. The debate on this subject
seems to have been very satisfactorily closed; and
1 now raise the question of order that the motion
of the Senator from New Jersey is not admissable
at this stage of the hilL The words which he
proposes to strike out have been put in in com-
mittee, one of them fit my instance, the other on
the motion of the -Senator-from 'Ohio; and they
cannot be stricken out, as I understand,until we
get into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Anthony
in the chair.) The amendment of the Senator from
Iowa has not been agreed to in the committed,as
the Chair understands.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not khow how the Chair
understands it; but the Senator from Ohio will-
bear me witness that it was agreed to yesterday in
committee. The word "war," before " service/'
was stricken out, and the words " military or na-
val" inserted. 1
Mr. KING. The words, as the Senator sug-
gests, were modified by authority of the mover,
and not by a vote of the Senate; but that makes
no difference. It was a change of the original
language from the word " war" to " military or
naval."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa is right. The point of order is well
taken. The Chair was mistaken, because the
amendment was printed as it had been amended,
and not as it was originally introduced. The
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey,
therefore, is not in order. The question now is
on the first section of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the section by
striking out the words " or any military or naval
service for which they may be found competent;"
and on this amendment f ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of all things, I dislike am-
biguity in any laW passed by Congress. I desire
that it shall state clearly whatis intended,and no
more. As to the employment of either Indians
or negroes in the service of the United States, the
course pursued by the commanders of the rebel
forces against the Government of the United
States, makes it perfectly justifiable in us to em-
ploy them in any capacity for which they arc com-
petent in the progress of this war. They have, '
beyond all question, employed Indian savages as
a part of their armed forces. We should be per-
fectly justifiable in authorizing the Piesident to
employ Indians against the rebels. So, too, in
relation to the employment of negroes. We have
been informed, and I think we cannot be mistaken,
the traitors m arms against us have employed ne-
groes not only upon intrenchments and in camp
service, but have organized and put ayns in their
hands to shoot down our sons and our brothers
on the field of battle. Such being the fact, it is
justifiable on the part of the Government of the
United States, by every rule of honorable warfare,
to authorize the President, if in his judgment it
shall become necessary, to employ them, and even
to prm them.
Sir, three opinions prevail in this body in re-
gard to the war power. One opinion maintains
that the President himself, under the Constitution,
has the whole power in his hands alone during
war, and therefore all legislation is unnecessary
because the President has the power now. There
is another opinion here, which maintains that the
President is not clothed with any military discre-
tion upon the subject which Congress may not
control, even in the conduct of the war. There
is a third opinion, and in my judgment, the sound
one, that while Congress may by law declare
what powers may be exercised by the President
in war, he is clothed with the constitutional power
to decide when the military necessity has arisen
for the exercise of the power thus given by aoi
of Congress. If he has the power, as those who
maintain the first opinion contend, already, this
act will not change, affect, or enlaige the power
which he now possesses. The act would be
merely declaratory. But if he has not the power
without an act of Congress, this act will clothe
him with that power, when in his judgment it
becomes a military necessity to employ colored
men to put down this rebellion, as an armed force
or otherwise. I do not believe that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] can object
to that. If it comes to be a military necessity, for
instance, in the State of South Carolina, in order
to put down this rebellion, to employ, ay, to arm
every man in it, white or black, I do not think
he would resisttheiremploymentin any capacity
by the President for which they are competent.
