1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dered, the resources of the people, the Treasury
of his country. With that brand upon him, he
steps from one exalted station to another, and goes
as our accredited minister to the court of the great-
est and most friendly Power to us on the continent
of Europe. The conclusions which the Russian
Emperor may draw in regard to the American
sense of public morality will not, perhaps, ad-
vance us much in his estimation. Let Mr. Cam-
eron present the following resolution, adopted so
recently by this House, as a part of his creden-
tials, and our degradation in that quarter of the
world will be complete:
"Resolved, ThatSimon Cameron, late Secretary of War,
by investing Alexander Cumnnngs with the control oflarge
sums of the public money, and authority to purchase mili-
tary supplies without restriction, without requiring from
him any guarantee for the faithful performance oi'his duties,
when the services of competent public officers were avail-
able, and by involving the Government in a vast number of
contracts with persons not legitimately engaged m the bus-
iness pertaining to the subject-matter of such contracts,
especially m the purchase of aims for future delivery, has
adopted a policy highly injurious to the public service, and
deserves the censure of this House."
I have shown that, by the deliberate finding of
a regular committee of the Senate, the present
Secretary of the Navy, Gideon Welles, in con-
nection with his brother-in-law, George D. Mor-
gan, has unlawfully extorted from the tax-payers
of the Government $70,000 of their money. With
neither justification nor restitution on his part, he
yet retains his seat at the board of the Cabinet
council, wears fine linen, and fares sumptuously
every day, while the wives and children of sol-
diers have died in the great philanthropic cities
of the North for the want of bread.
I have shown that a commission of most emi-
nent gentlemen appointed by the President him-
self have proven, conclusively proven, that the
blighting touch of John C. Fremont during his
hundred days in Missouri palsied public credit,
defrauded the people of millions, filled the bloated
purses of his favorites by fraud, demoralized the
public service in every branch, and sought to de-
slroy the Constitution itself. The exhaustedsol-
dieris put to death for yielding to irresistible slum-
ber at his post, the victim of pinching poverty is
sent to the penitentiary for stealing provision for
his wife and children; but this exalted criminal
finds approval for his conduct, is surrounded by
flatterers, is restored to the field, and sits in the
saddle of command and of power. Sir, Cicero
brought the haughty Verres to trial and to con-
demnation for his fraudulent practices in the Sicil-
ian province; and Burke enriched the English
language by his denunciations of the extortionate
measures imposed by Warren Hastings on the
people of the East Indies; but in the midst of fraud
and robbery in the very highest departments of
this Government we have as yet seen no official
delinquent brought to answer the law for the
Elundcr of the public Treasury, but rather we
ave seen the perpetrators of these wrongs receiv-
ing still greater marks of confidence and of favor,
and mountings still loftier heights of honor.
But, Mr. Speaker, having established, by the
highest proof, the charge which I make of fraud
in the management of our pecuniary affairs by
which our public debt has been so fearfully in-
creased, I shall now proceed to the brief consid-
eration of a few other points properly in this con-
nection, and which I conceive to be of public
interest.
We seek to take refuge, sir, from the enormous
figures of our national indebtedness whenever they
are brought to our attention, in the fact that we
can defer its payment, and bequeath it as an in-
heritance to coming generations. Admitting that
this unworthy thing may to some extent be done,
yet let us see, for a few moments, what amount
of money this Government will be compelled an-
nually to raise in order to prevent open and con-
fessed bankruptcy before the world. I will con-
tent myself with a specific statement of the various
items of current yearly expense which must be
regularly met. Against the substantial correct-
ness of this statement I challenge successful con-
tradiction.
The interest on the public debt, at a very low
estimate, is §100,000,000.
The ordinal y expenses of the Government, in-
cluding appropriations for the increased magni-
tude of the Army and Navy after the war is over,
will reach §150,000,000 at another low estimate.
I am especially warranted in fixing this amount
in view of the declaration on this floor, by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Blair, of Missouri,] that hereafter our peace
establishment will consist of a standing army of
a hundred thousand men.
The pension list comes next. This Govern-
ment must not fail to meet the requirements of
civilization and of humanity. It must and will
provide for the support of Us maimed and wounded,
and for the maintenance of the widows and or*
phans of those who have fallen on the field of bat-
tle, or been stricken down by disease while in the
public service. It is of course difficult to calcu-
late the amount which will be required to meet
this item of expense; but no well informed per-
son will pretend that it will be less than the sum
of §100,000,000.
To the above must be added at least $50,000,000
more as a margin for claims against the Govern-
ment, contingent expenses, and unforeseen events
during this convulsive and unsettled period of the
world's history.
We have thus an inevitable annual expenditure,
without making any provision whatever for the
payment of the public debt itself, of the sum of
§400,000,000. This amount will make its demands
on the resources of the people in each succeeding
year, as regularly as the seasons come and go,
and in a voice as imperative and inexorable as the
cry of fate. You need not avert your frightened
gaze from the sore contemplation of this terrible
fact. It is the lion in the pathway of the future,
but it must be met. Death itself is not more cer-
tain to all than is this monstrous annual burden
on the shoulders of the American people. And
now, sir, bearing this fearful fact in mind, from
which there is now no escape, the question neces-
sarily arises with immense, overwhelming force,
as to what system of finance shall be adopted to
raise annually this monstrous sum of money. It
is the vital question of the day, and paramount to
all others save civil liberty and republican gov-
ernment.
I live, Mr. Speaker, in a land of corn, in a
land where the fruits of the earth constitute the
rewaid of labor. I live in a great valley, beside
whose agricultural wealth the famed valleys of
the Euplnates and the Nile and the richest fields
of Europe sink in to utter insignificance, and whose
more than Egyptian granaries invite the markets
of the civilized world. The plow, the harrow,
the reaper, and the threshing machine*are our im-
plements of industry, and compose the coat of
arms of our nobility. The soil is our fruitful
mother, and we are her children. We fill our
cribs with grain, and stock our pastures with cat-
tle, and with these we seek to purchase those
other necessary articles of life which are not made
in our midst. These are our possessions which
we offer in barter and exchange with the trading
merchants of the world who give us the best re-
turns. This we conceive to be our right, and that
the Government in which we live should protect
us in its enjoyment.
But turn to the contemplation of another region
of this country. You there behold the land of man-
ufacturing machinery, and hear the sound of the
loom and the spindle. The people of the North
and East make fabrics of cloth, and manufac-
ture all those articles which man needs, and which
do not grow. These constitute their wealth and
their stock of merchandise for trade. The mar-
kets of the world are open to them, and of right
ought to be. The West is an immense consumer
of those articles which they have to sell. We are
willing to buy of them of our own choice if we
can buy there as cheap as we can elsewhere. But
I here aver that the unequal and unjust system of
finance now adopted by the party in power gives
to the vast manufacturing interest of this country
the arbitrary power to fix its own exorbitant
prices, and the laboring agriculturist is compelled
to pay them. To this no people can submit.
Against tins outrage the people of the West will
cry out. You have fastened upon this country
the most odious system of tariff on imported goods
that ever paralyzed the energies of a nation or
oppressed its agricultural citizens. You say by
that tariff that the manufacturing institutions of
this country shall not be brought in competition
with those of other parts of the world. You say
that our ports shall be closed to foreign traders
for fear they will undeisell the manufacturer of
New England or the ironmonger of Pennsylva-
nia. You require of the European merchanta
duty which he cannot pay, and thus you banish
him from our commercial intercourse. You say
to the western farmer, to agriculturists evory-
where, that there shall be but one market in which
they may buy. You drive them to the counters
and founderies of men whom you protect .in a
monopoly of the sales which they make. You do
all this for the sole and avowed reason that goods
from abroad can be sold here cheaper than they
can be made and sold by our own citizens, and
that a protection must be given to high prices.
Every school boy in political science knows who
pays this increase of price. Need 1, at this period
of American history, discuss the operations of a
high protective tariff? Need I stop to show its
folly and its injustice? No, sir. It is one of the
settled questionsofgovernmental policy. Twenty
years ago it was fairly tried, and the American
people passed an intelligent verdict of condemna-
tion against it. It was fully heard by greater ad-
vocates than it has to-day, and repudiated as an
unfair and ruinous system. If any question was
ever, in the history of this Government, distinctly
tried before a tribunal of the people and con-
demned, it was the question of a protective tariff.
The country prospered by its repudiation,and the
laborer bought where his money would buy most.
But this issue has again risen, and in a shape more
offensive and injurious to the true interests of the
country than ever before. The present tariff is
one which no party in the past would have sanc-
tioned. It would have alarmed the old Whig
party as much as any other by its stringent and
prohibitory features. It goes far beyond what
was deemed wise or prudent by the strongestpro-
tectionists of former high tariff periods. And, now,
allow me to state some of its specific practical
operations as a part of the financial policy of the
present hour.
It forces the laboring man, the consumer, the
farming classes generally to pay for manufactured
articles, which embrace a large portion of the ne-
cessities of life,an increased price over their proper
value and over that for which they can elsewhere
be bought of from forty to one hundred percent.
Thus a tax of most fearful rate is levied on one
branch of industry, not to support the Govern-
ment, but to contribute as a gratuitous donation
to a privileged and favored business. That is the
first extortionate species of taxation which meets
us in the examination of this subject. It is one
which at any time would fall with oppressive cru-
elty on a large majority of the loyal people of the
country; but, at a time like this, when the Gov-
ernment itself is claiming almost the entire sub-
stance of the land for its maintenance, no language
can be found sufficiently strong with which to
characterize the enormity of such a policy.
In the next place, the present tariff robs the
Government of a much-needed revenue by keep-
ing imported goods from our shores. Under its
operations during the past year, according to a
statement made a few weeks since in the British
Parliament by the Chancellor of the English Ex-
chequer, our importations from Great Britain alone
have fallen off to the amountof §85,000,000. The
report on the finances of our own Government for
the year ending June 30, 1861, shows a loss in
our receipts arising from customs during the first
three months after this tariff went into operation
of over ten millions of dollars as compared with
the receipts during a similar period a year previ-
ous. Under the tariff of 1846, a revenue to sup-
port the Government was sought by liberal terms
of trade with foreign nations, and richly obtained.
The rule is now reversed, and for the unworthy
purpose of protecting a class of business which
ought to sustain itself or be abandoned, this
great fountain of pecuniary support to the nation
is dried up. It no longerflows into theTieasury,
and the money winch is thus diverted from the
public to private and individual benefit, has to be
replaced under this Administration by direct and
specific taxes on the people. Thus taxation giows
ajid augments its alarming proportions in order
that the interests of a favored few may be cher-
ished and promoted.
But the manner in which this taxation is to be
levied, and in which it is to affect the different
interests of the country exceeds all the preceding
features of criminal outrage on those who live by
producing from the soil. By the provisions of the
tax bill which recently passed this House a tax
