1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
accept our thanks. As far as the dtsUUinjr interest is con-
cerned. it may possibly he called a bill of abominations, for
as sure as it par-se* in it-s pici-etit form, taxing distilled sph its
fifteen ceiit< per irailon, the object ot the frames will be de-
feated. For our e.unhd omnum ib liiai theie is not one dis-
tiller m a hundied that would run a Mit^le day longer than
he could wind up his business. We will now give you our
reasons for our opinion.
First. That the vve:-tcrn distilleis, as far as we are ac-
quainted, made up their minds last August that distilled
spmt> would be one of the articles that would he heavily
taxed. Acting on this, we all increased the quantity inn,
•^o that it' the tax should be higher than we thought wo'could
stand wo would be in a position to shut down. The result
is that the country is full of lawspii its. large amounts being
held by speculators—-fifty to sixty thousand b.inels being
held by tins cla>s alone in Philadelphia and Now Yoik,
which was bought at low figures, and in othei cities in the
same piopoilioh—enough, at lea>t,to keep the puce down
foi a yeai to come, for whenever theic is a ~niall advance, -50
that they can make a liitle money, they will let it 50 aito
mai ket. The result will be that they Will nuiiroeliy be the
means of keeping puces at a point below which the man-
ufacture! can make it until such time-* as the old -tack now
on hand is woiked off, which will he one yeai or 11101 e. Now,
ftieml Noble, 0111 piopeity co^t us .$lb,f>00; pa-s this law,
and we will  ell it to \ou or ,iuy other individual for ^6,000.
You would piobahlj like to know oui ieasons foi this 'de-
preciation.
First, a huge poition of our woiks, such as stills, and, 111
fact, everything about oui woiks, with the exception of
hoilci<, engine, hum, and machmeiy, i-compo-ea of wood,
which ate daily heated up with steam 01 hot uatei ; stop-
piny one j ear would lendei eveiything eonnected with our
e-.t,d)!i-hmentj witli the exception ot the engine, Sac., &c.,
woithless.
Now, we will give you our ideas in regard to a tax that
will yield the Govoinmentdollais where the present, as re-
poited. would yield mills, and at the same tune keep up a
veiy nnpoitant and useful class ot men in the We-t. I"he
reason we use the teim linpoitantis that whereveryou find
a distilleiy in Ohio vou will find that the farmer gets limn
five to ten cents moie pei bushel fo/ his com than m adjoin-
ing towns where then? aie no distilleries located. Take, tor
instance, your town and ouis ; vou being some twenty-five
miles neaier navigation, notwithstanding thi-, coin i-^gen-
erallv worth fiom five to ten cents pei bushel moie in our
town than in yours, owing to our having a home market.
Ourplan is thi> • say put on a tax ot two and a halt cents \
the fnstyeai, five cents the second yeai, ten cents on the j
thud, and fifteen cents on the fouitli.
A tax of this kind would keep u« going and save our pi op- j
eity. But our candid opinion is that a tax of even five cents 1
a gallon would stop one hajfot the establishments of the !
\V<M, and veiy mateiially curtail tho business of the hal- j
anec. j
Now, let us make a calculation showing the amount, at 1
fifteen cents pei gallon, we would pay pei (jay and pei yeai
to tho Government, should wc inn oui establishment as we '
ate now tunning it, which we should not do wete the tax, i
as tccommended, passed. !
Wc run -1U0 bushels pei day, which, at 3} gallons pei J
bushel 01 11 quait-^—whieii 1-= riot an average of the year— ,
amounts to 1,400 gallons pei day, at 15 cents pei gallon,
equal to #210 per day ; or counting 362 thus pei \ ear, le.-s '
Sundays, which are o-2, would make. 310 da}-, at>-10 pei !
day, equal to .®(TS.1!)0 pet ye.ir Now, a tax ot *H eentv pei
gallon amounts to $3.5 pei day, or, 101 310 davs, equal to
QfI0.&50 per year. " ;
Now, jmi are piobab'y awaie that oui establishment |
would not he eonsidei ed an avmage in capacity ot the wc-t-
ern distilleries. We think that, take Ohio and Indiana di-- 1
tilleisalone, and that foi the mtmbei of di-tilleties that illeie ,
i", five hundied bushel- pei day would not be .in avetuge
We have some m tin-- State ubo-e capacity nuisliom one i
thousand two hundred to tluee thousand -i\ handled bu.-h- •
eis pc/ day. Take the bill as lepoi ted, taxing di-tilk"** fit- ;
teen cent-- per gallon, and then pass a law compelling them |
to inn then full eapaeit), and you can di-pen-e with the i
balance of the tax bill, and the whisky tax would suppoit |
the Government.
Hoping that you will give this your careful peiu^al, and I
that we may heai from you, we remain, luily \our fuend<, ,
R. 11. McKKE 6c CU. !
W. rf. Nobu. i
Mr. CHAMBERLIN. I hold in my hand a
letter winch I have leceived from a distiller who
distills three thousand gallons a day,and whosays
that ho is well satisfied to pay an addition.il tax ;
of fifteen cents pei gallon, if necessary, to bring i
this war to a sucer ssful termination. ]
The question was taken on Mr. Noble's :
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ItlCE, of Maine. I move to amend the 1
amendment by striking out " ten cents" per gal-
lon, and inserting " fifty cents." There seems, ,
Mr. Chairman, to be a soi t of *' whisky rebellion " i
here against the Committee of Ways and Means.
I do not join with those who wish to induce the
excise duty on distilled liquois. On the contiary
I would increase it. I understand that (he excise
duty on distilled spirits in England is eight shil-
lings per gallon, equal to two dollais.
A Mlmber. Ten shillings.
Mr. Ill CE, of Maine. Ten shillings per gallon,
equal to $2 50. Now, Mr. Chairman, I would
not, disci miniate paitiaily ngainst any citizen en-
gaged in any hum st and reputable business: but
1 would, to tiie fullest extent, impose excise duty
on lupun and touacco, let it com<j fiom whatever j
Source it mav, or let it injure whom it may. If ,
men are driven out of this business, it will be all
the better for the country. I was in favor of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, because I understood it, though not so
intended by him, to be an absolute prohibition
against distillation. If Congress would only put
down, either by direct or indirect means, these
distilleries that pour out fire and death and hell
over all the land, I think it would be performing
a good act. It would be doing more good to the
people than any other enactment it can pass.
I hope the day may come when a prohibition
will be put upon all distillation, when such a tariff
will be placed on spirituous liquors as will exclude
their importation. That will be a glorious dayfor
the country. We all know, in our every-day ex-
perience, what evil is brought upon us through the
use of distilled spirits. The gentleman said they
were used for burning fluids. They are burning
fluids, burning up the souls and bodies of men
throughout the length and breadth of the coun-
try. And, sir, I hope we shall go to the very
verge in this excise duty upon spirituous liquors,
if we are to collect any revenue from this source at
all, let us have all we can get. Let us, if a tax will
do if, grind down these liquor manufacturers to
powder. Sir, I stand here in favor of the highest
sum to be imposed upon each one of this class of
manufacturers. If we can do anything here by our
legislation to put a stop to this traffic and to these
distillations, we shall, as I said, be doing a great
benefit to all the interests of the country; we shall
bring to every walk of life peace and happiness,
where now stalk misery and distress. Now, a
word m reference to the effect upon the Army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER. I oppose the amendment. Mr.
Chanman if I thought the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maine would have the effect which
ho anticipates, I might bo m favor of it; but I do
not anticipate that it would produce that effect.
The real effect of his amendment would be to
legislate money into the pockets of people who
have been speculating m this article, who have
been purchasing large, quantities of liquors with
a view of having a large duty laid upon the man-
ufacture by this Congress. I think the only
effect of fixing the duty of fifty cents per gallon
upon these liquois would be to put money into
the pockets of these speculators and not into the
Treasury of the United States. The letter read a
few moments since at the instance of the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, [Mr. Noble,] states that large
quantities of liquor have been manufactured re-
cently with express reference to this duty; that
there is at this time bad liquor enough in the coun-
try to supply the wants of the country for two
years. There certainly would be if we were to
place the tax upon the manufacture of it so high
as the gentleman pi oposes. 1 repeat, that the only
effect of the adoption of tins amendment would be
to legislate money into the hands of these specu-
lators and not into the Treasury of the United
States.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. JBABHITT. I move to amend the amend-
mentso as to make the duty one dollar pergallon.
I believe the reason why the last amendment did
not pievatl was because it did not propose a suf-
ficient incn ase of duty. "We arc now establishing
a system of levenuo that is to last for all tune, or
at least so long as our immense public debt con-
tinues, and in fixing the tax upon these articles,
we ought to do it in view of that long future, and
not from the fact that some persons, for the pur-
puses of speculation, may have manufactured a
few hundred or thousand barrels in view of the
tax expected to be laid.
Now, tlu learned and able gentleman fi om Ver-
mont, [Mr, Morrill,] who opened the debate
upon this bill, informed us very truthfully, that
a tax upon the habits and vices of men was the
most tellable of all taxes; and I may add, with
equal truthfulness, that of all descriptions of tax,
it will be the most cheerfully and teadily paid. In
that undoubted fact, so properly enunciated by the
gentleman from Vermont, we have what should
induce us to base a system of revenue upon which
is to last for all tune, by taxing the luxuries, habits,
and uces of men, instead of casting about anx-
iously, as the Committee of Ways and Means
seem to have done, to seek the greatest number
of subjects of taxation, many of them articles of
primary necessity to the poorest and humblest
class of men. I repeat, sir, let us tax the habits
and vices and luxuries of men, and not their ne-
cessities.
Why, sir, if I am correctly informedr England
raises the greatest portion of herimmense revenue
by a tax upon three articles alone—spirituous
liquors, fermented liquors, and tobacco. The gen-
tleman from Vermont told us,andsuchismy read-
ing of the fact, that in England the tax upon spir-
ituousliquorsis$2 50pergallon. Headded,itwas
true, that no such tax could be collected in the
United States.
Now, sir, I beg leave to enter to that statement
my most emphatic dissent. "Why could it notbe
collected as well in the United States as in Eng-
land? No reason is given, and none exists. It is
collected there, and it can be collected here. Why,
sir, there is no such radical difference between the
habits and vices of the men who live in our fath-
ers' land and those of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BABBITT. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. OLIN. I had hoped, Mr. Chairman, that
some provision would be incorporated into this
bill that should obviate the objection which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts stated to the House,
to wit: that there is probably now in the country,
on hand for consumption and use, an amount of
spirituous liquors that would last for two years to
supply all the wants of the people. I know of no
objection to ascertaining what the amount is, and
levying a tax upon it wherever it exists through-
out the country. If that is omitted to be done the
legitimate effect of this tax bill will be simply this:
that for two years to come a duty will be imposed
upon all manufactured liquors, which will almost
amount to a prohibition, while there will be cre-
ated upon all liquors on hand a bounty equal to
the amount to be imposed upon the manufactured
article hereafter.
Now, it certainly is within the power of Con-
gress to reach that article and to impose a tax upon
it, and no gentleman upon this floor can, I-venture
to say, find a plausible reason why it should not
be done. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rice]
stated truly that if this measure could amount
to an annihilation of the trade, so far as the use
of this article was concerned as a beverage, it
would confer a greater benefit upon the country
than all the victories that will be won within the
next six months. But, while that is not the pur-
pose or intention of the bill, it would certainly be
an unwise measure for us to adopt a tariff upon
the future manufacture of the article, the conse*-
quence of which would be simply the prohibition
of the future manufacture, and to grant a bounty
upon the quantity now on hand in the possession
of speculators m the country.
The gentleman says—and I have no doubt
truly—that there is enough now in this country
to last for two years. I suppose, when he makes
that statement, he speaks of there being enough
to satisfy the ordinary use made of the article by
the people under existing circumstances. Now,
in anothei .section of the bill, it is proposed to levy
a duty of one dollar per barrel upon ale, a very
onerous and very burdensome tax, which will
impose upon a single individual in my district and
m my city the payment of not less than $40,000
a year, amounting almost to a prohibition upon
the manufacture of that article.
Now, in my judgment, tins tax ought to be so
arranged as lather to encourage the substitution
of that description of article for that species of
manufactured whisky and biandy which is so
common m the country. It would conduce hugely
to the welfare and prosperity of the people if that
could be sodone. The taxissfillmoreextravngant
upon that variety of liquor than upon the various
species of distilled liquors as manufactured in this
country out of whisky.
1 do hope before this measure is disposed of by
the committee, or at least before it is passed by
the House, that some provision will be adopted
which shall reach and tax the amount of this kind
of property in the country at the present time.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
crease it to sixteen cents a gallon.
