3230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
It "will be borne in mind that the main object
of this provision is to employ these persons as
laborers upon intrench ments and in camp service,
to lighten the burdens and save the lives and
health and strength of oar brave and patriotic sol-
diers. The further power of arming them is in
the discretion of the President, where it can be
most safely lodged. They were employed to some
extent in the Revol&tion and in the last war with
Great Britain. They are employed by the wicked
leaders of this rebellion against us now. "While
I would be the last to sanction a departure from
the rules of civilized warfare, we cannot be con-
demned in our own consciences, nor before the
civilized world, if wo employ the same class of
persons to fight against the rebels which they em-
ploy against us.- If it be wrong, they alone are
guilty. We have borne and forborne. They have
sown the wind; they may reap the whirlwind.
It has been sometimes objected that some of us
on this floor have not gone as far on the subject of
confiscation as some other gentlemen, because, in
the view we take of the Constitution, that instru-
ment expressly forbids the forfeiture or confisca-
tion of the real estate of traitors beyond their lives.
It is in vain that gentlemen, by calling thpse traitors
public enemies in war, attempt to make them any-
thing else than traitors. Treason consists in levy-
ing war against the United States, and those who
do so are traitors, and nothing more or less than
traitors. The very point decided by JudgeS wayne
was, that rebels in arms against the United States
are not enemies within the meaning of the Con-
stitution, but traitors, and nothing else. Congress
is forbidden to forfeit the estate of a traitor, except
during his life, by attainder of treason,, which at
common law reached and forfeited his real estate
only. I read tho authorities bearing on that ques-
tion on a former occasion, arid no gentleman on
this iloor has offered a single authority to the con-
trary. Tho authorities which I quoted were con-
clusive. They demonstrated that at the common
law the real estate of the traitor, which he held in
his own right, or over which he had the power of
disposition, was the real estate and the only real
estate liable to forfeiture, and that it was expressly
to Uniit the forfeiture of that during the lifctime.of
the traitor that our fathers,m making the Consti-
tution, inserted those words, u no attainder of
tieason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeit-
ure, except during the life of the person attainted."
As to personal property, including slaves, they
are the subjects of capture in war, and Congress
is expressly authorized to make rules concerning
captures on land and water.
Hut the title passes from the owner not by the
enactment of the law, but by the capture, and that
until the President by his military forces can put
down the armed forces of the rebels, and get pos-
session of their country and make the captures,
ihe law of Congress will have no more effect in
putting down the rebellion than in putting down
theiebelhon in China. If a law of confiscation
would have such marvelous results as some sup-
pose, why not by act of Congress confiscate tho
powder and ball and muskets and cannon of the
enemy, and that would end it at once. Sir, it
needs something more than paper shot, acts of
Congress, and impassioned speeches of congress-
men. I will not, however, repeat these views nor
dwell upon these authorities at this time.
But, sir, I fuel called upon to notice a remark
made the other day by the Senator from Oluo,
[Mr. Wadk.] Ho denominated those of us who
hold to these opinions, referring to myself and
others, " weak brethren/' Weak in our dispo-
sition to prosecute this war against the rebels?
Weak in our sympathies for the loyal cause ! As
if we had a desire to cover up traitors' property
and cover up treason? Let me tell that Senator
thai the most efficient means to put down the re-
bellion is not the enactment of unconstitutional
laws by Congress, but by marching our military
forces upon the rebel enemy; that nothing will do
it but ball and bayonet. Nothing can overcome
war but war. YVar is an appeal to the god of
forces, and we must bring force against force. It
is not by speeches here, nor resolutions, nor acts
of Congress that this rebellion can be crushed. It
is to be put down at the pomtof the bayonet. And
if from the beginning of this session the only word
of Congress had been''men and money," and of
the Executive " foi ward maich, charge bayonets, j
t*. little more grape,"and nothing else, we should I
be nearer the end of the rebellion than we are at
this hour. We have spent too much time and
wasted too much energy in finding fault with each
other, in criticising our generals in the field, and-
criticising and thus weakening the confidence of
the country in the Administration, when we ought
to have been girding up the whole energies of our
souls to sustain it; and especially to sustain the
President, upon whose heart and head there is a
load to-day which never rested upon a President
before. We ought to uphold his hands, strengthen
his heart, speak to him words of faith, friendship,
and courage. We must stand by him oral! is lost,
so long as he is the President of the United States
and holds the sword of its power. During this
gigantic war which demands all our power, he
that is not with him is against him; and the man
or the party that fights not for him fights against
the country,
Sir, this is the spirit I would infuse into every
American heart. In this day of our trial, in this
hour of blood and agony and tears, when the hearts
of this people, disappointed in their expectations
before Richmond, are stricken, and the hopes of
timid men begin to fail, it is no time for Senators
of the United States to be standing here publicly
denouncing the Administration or denouncing the
general in command. Now is the time for men
of real courage, men of abiding faith in man and
truth and God, whom temporary reverses do not
cast down, and dangers do not appall, to speak
to the country, to the Piesident, and to the civil-
ized world words of encouragement and good
cheer. Let them know that in the midst of appar-
ent disasters, in spite of threatened intervention
from abroad, we the representatives of American
States and of the American people, standing fast
by the Constitution and the Union, here and now
renew our pledge before high Heaven, and swear
by Him who hveth and reigneth forever, that we
wiM put down this rebellion, we will sustain this
Constitution, and preserve this Union forever!
[Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is the word which
I would speak, if I had the power, to the hearts
of all American citizens, and speak it now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly. '
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 want to
ask the Senator from Wisconsin this simple ques-
tion: what has the Administration asked of the
American Senate that has not been given cheer-
fully and freely by tho votes of all of us to carry
on the war?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer the honor-
able Senator. What the Administration has asked
of this Senate which it has not had, as it ought to
have had, is Us sympathy, its woids of encour-
agementand support, instead of that, it has often
leceived speeches denunciatory in their tone on
this floor, denouncing the policy of this and the
policy of that, when thc^President's head and heart
have been aching and almost crushed under the
load of these great responsibilities, which God in
his providence has thrown upon him. X complain
of that. But what is past is past; let us hear no
more of it. I do not say that you have not voted
men and money. They have been voted with a
lavish hand; but he wants more, he wants the
hearts of the Senate to sustain him. Let our hearts
go out towards him, to light with him and fight
for him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to ask the Senator another question. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is taking a very high position
in lecturing the Senate of the United Slates in the
way that I think he is doing to-day. I want to
know who deserves that lecture; what Senator
here has failed to give every vote and give his heart
and soul to support the President? 1 am sure that
the history of the world can furnish nothing like
the forbearance of this Senate in criticising either
tho President, or the Cabinet, or the generals in
the field. Now and then there has dropped out a
word of that kind, but it has been very seldom.
So little has been said, and so warmly and univer-
sally has the President been sustained by the coun-
sel and the advice and the hearts of the Senate,
that the Senate of the United States, after seven
or eight months of toil here, does not deserve what
seems to me to be a rebuke.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am not
lecturing the Senate. I do not intend to do so, or
to assume the right to do so. 1 am simply speak-
ing for myself. 1 do not attempt to lecture my
friend from Massachusetts. There is no more
faithful, devoted, patriotic, and laborious gentle-
man in this body. He has almost worn himself
out this session in the service of his country.
What I say, and 1 say it before high Heaven, is
that the time has come when the hearts of the
American people and the American Senate and
the American House of Representatives should be
united as one heart; there should be but one senti-
ment, but one voice, and we should stand together
shoulder to shoulder as one man fighting for the
country and for the Administration. That all we
do should be to unite,and not to divide the coun-
try. Let us understand that it is not by vaporing
speeches here nor by acts or resolutions of Con-
gress, it is only by the bayonet, it is only by call-
ing men into the field and crushing these traitors
in arms that the rebellion is to be put down, and
in no other way.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to take up
further time. I have expressed what I desire to
say in relation to this matter. As to the proposi-
tion pending, I will only say I prefer that the lan-
guage should be entirely unambiguous, that the
provision should stand as it is; and as it leaves
the determination of this military discretion iriHhe
hands of the Executive, where by the Constitu-
tion it belongs, I shall support the proposition.
Mr. WILSON, pf Massachusetts. I agree to
every word the Senator from Wisconsin says,
when lie makes the appeal to the Senate, and to
both Houses of Congress, to unite heart and hand
in raising men and raising money in supporting
the Administration to put down this rebellion. So
far as his remarks go to us as an appeal for unity,
for vigor and energy, I respond to every word of
them; but it did seem to me that there was some-
thing in the Senator's remarks that appeared to
criticise and to rebuke the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me to say a single word, perhaps I can
explain a little more to his satisfaction. I think
that in the discussion of questions here, a some-
what different rule prevails, or should prevail in
time of war. 1 do not care so much about what is
said when wc are everywhere perfectly successful
and all is going on quietly in the country; but the
discussion which took place the other day, and
which has taken place to-day in relation to the
course of the President and General McClellan and
the army before Richmond, I deem very unfortu-
nate. 11 may prejudice us with foreign Powers, and
may streng then our rebel enemies. It may weaken
the confidence of our people in the Administration.
Besides, sir, it is the ordinary mode in which a
political enemy attacks a party in power. These
resolutions of inquiry apparently imply censure,
and are generally introduced to find fault. I object
not so much to the resolution itself as to the tem-
per and tone of the debarte accompanying it; it
may, perhaps, have impressed me more than it
ought, and I may have spoken more warmly than
I ought to speak; but 1 certainly had no intention,
as the Senator from Massachusetts supposes, to
lecture the Senate or any Senator.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to detain the Sen-
ate, but I want to say that when this body and
when Congress is called to account by public
opinion, by the impartial judgment of history, a
want of compliance with the wishes of the Exec-
utive will not be found in the bill of indictment.
On the other hand, I think their sin will be found
in an opposite direction. In my humble judgment,
if gentlemen on this floor have committed any
transgression, they have committed it in forget-
ting their constituents in the great observance of
the wishes of the Executive, Our armies may be
victorious in the field, but we suffer a calamitous
defeat in the trampling under foot of the great land-
marks and bulwarks of constitutional liberty.
While I am willing to go as far as he who goes
the furthest in supporting the Administration in
a vigorous prosecution of the war, in doing every-
thing that is necessary to vindicate the honor,
maintain the liberties, and preserve inviolate the
integrity of the Government, I will not forget that
it is a republican, a constitutional Government
that I am sent here to protect and maintain and
defend. I have sat and held my peace. Again
and again have I been silent when my convictions
would have prompted me to speak, and to speak
