288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB.
proceeding embarrasses business exceedingly.
When the real interest of the country demands
it, there will be no difficulty in getting a special
order made under the rule as 1 propose to amend it.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONTRACTS OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 10th instant:
Whereas, a resolution passed the Senate of the United
States on the 17th day of July, 1861, which resolution is in
the words anil figures following:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, directed to inform the Senate what contracts have been
made by his Department since the 4tli of March, 1861, giv-
ing the name and residence of the contractor, the article or
thing contracted for, the placc where it was delivered, the
sum paid for its peiformanceor delivery, the date and dura-
tion of the contract, or what military supplies have been
purchased since that date, the price paid for the same, of
whom and where purchased. Also what payments have
been made to troops called out by the pioclamations of the
President since the 4th of March, 18C1; from what appio-
pnations sueli payments have been made, or by authority
of what laws tiie wai rants have been paid ; whether any
and what bounties have been paid to volunteers, as named
above, lor enlistment; if so, by authority of what existing
law.55
And whereas, the said resolution remains unanswered:
Therefore,
Be itrcsolvei, That the Secretary of War be again directed
to answer the s<aid resolution.
Mr. WILSON. A resolution of that character
was passed at the last session of Congress. I do
not rise here for the purpose of preventing any
Senator or the Senate securing all the information
there is in the War Office or any other office; but
1 rise simply to say that the resolutions intro-
duced into Congress duiing the present session,
calling on the War Office for information, if com-
plied with, will employ all the force in the office,
and leave it without any capacity to do anything
else. A resolution was introduced and passed
the other day, on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, calling for valuable information, in-
formation that I should be glad to obtain; but I
am told by the Adjutant General that it will take
a dozen clerks weeks to furnish that information
1 know it to be the fact that on Saturday last the
answers to the regular mails in the War Office were
ten days behind hand, simply for the want of cler-
ical aid. This resolution riowbefore us will take
a large portion of the clerks of that office for days
and weeks to answer. The pressure upon that
office is such that no man there has time to think
and hardly time to do anything but what the public
service imperiously calls for. There is £ universal
pressure from all parts of the country, and every-
thing has to be decided in haste; and I believe it
to be utterly impossible for the Secretary, at the
present tune, to give thatinformation.
Now, sir, if the Senate choose to adopt the res-
olution I shall not object to it. 1 wantall the in-
formation they have there; but at the same time I
do not believe it a possible thing that it can be
given without employing men who are busily en-
gaged in their daily duties, and who have no time
to make up the records of the past.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts is kind enough to inform the
Senate that a similar resolution to this was passed
at the last .session. Why, sir, the very objcct of
this resolution is to direct that an answer be made
to a resolution of the last session. This resolu-
tion recites the resolution passed at the last ses-
sion. The Senator says it would take some weeks
to give the information demanded by this resolu-
tion. Allow me to tell the Senator that the Depart-
ment has had five months' time in which to do it.
The original resolution was passed by the Senate
on the 17th day of July last. Theie were about
three full weeks between thattimeand the adjourn-
ment of the extra session of Congress, and yet up
to the present time the Secretary of War has not
condescended either to reply to the resolution or tell
the Senate why he has not done so. The resolution
demands information that will enable the Senate
to detect frauds, if there have be«in any, in the
War Department. It was with a view of having
information before this body, so that we could
inquire into corruption in contracts made for sup-
plies for the Army, that the resolution was ori-
ginally introduced. I heard at the extra session
of enormous amounts that had been paid for
various supplies of the Army—very exorbitant
charges. In order to have the facts before the
Senate, I introduced the original resolution, and
it was passed. The Secretary of War did not
choose to reply to it at the last session, though he
had about three weeks in which to do it. There
were then four months of recess, and now I have
patiently waited for six weeks of this session, and
he has yet made no reply. This resolution sim-
ply again directs him to respond to the resolution
of last session. If it is possible that the Secretary
of War, with the large force he has in that De-
partment, has not time within five months to reply
to such a resolution,! think his force ought to be
increased. It looks to me very much as if he did
not wish to give the country the information de-
manded by the resolution. If the Secretary was
unable to comply with it, he could easily have
reported to the Senate the fact that he had not the
time. But he has not done that; he has made no
response, direct or indiiect.
We want the information, and I hope that this
resolution will pass, again requesting the Secre-
tary of War to respond to the resolution of the
| last session. I think it possible, however, sir,
i thatalthough the Senate mayagain direct him, five
more months may elapse before he will open his
hps; for, on the facts specified in the resolution,
the honorable Secretary's lips seem to be hermeti-
cally sealed. We wish to open them, if possible.
I hope the resolution will pass. It will certainly
not be improper foi the Secretary of War to state
to the Senate at least the reasons why he cannot
comply with it, if any such reasons exist. There
is certainly a part of the resolution, the latter part,
that he could reply to without the aid of clerks.
He might give us all the information he could,
and if it were not possible, in consequence of the
press of business, to answer the resolution entirely
and fully, having answered it as fully as was in
his power, he could state to the Senate why he
could not give the further information asked for.
Mr. WILSON. 1 said that I would not oppose
the passage of this resolution if it was the will of
the Senate to adopt it; and I say now that the
reason why the answer has not been made is, that
the Secretary has not now and has not had the
clerical force to enable him to do it. We have
raised half a million of men for war purposes; the
business of the War Office has increased more
than one hundred per cent., and yet we still have
the same number of men to do the clerical work
of the office as before. From the day of the ad-
journment of the last session of Congress up to
thishourthe business of the War Department has
been falling behind hand, for the want of the physi-
cal force to carry it on. There is now pending in
this body a bill which I intend to call up at the
earliest moment, adding about fifty clerks to the
War Office. 1 know that no such reason as that
hinted at by the Senator from Kentucky has ex-
isted for withholding this information. If the Sen-
ate choose nowto pass this resolution, I think the
Secretary of War, with his present force, can give
simply this reason; that he has not the time to
answer it; and if I weie in his place, I would at-
tend to the necessary public business before I
would reply to this resolution or any other reso-
lution of Congress. A short time ago the House
of Representatives in one day sent ten resolutions
to the War Office. There are now enough reso-
lutions passed by Congu.-ss to employ all the cleri-
I cal force in that office, as the Senator from Penn-
. syhania [Mr. Cowan*] suggests, for six weeks,
; and leave no force for anything else; and a great
many of these resolutions are mere fault-finding,
buncombe resolutions.
For myself, I do not wish to cover up wiy con-
tracts or bargains: or transactions of the War De-
partment, or any other part of this Administration.
I deal with it precisely and exactly as 1 would
deal with an Administration in power with whom
I did not concur in sentiment; but I do say that
in Congress and out of Congress, in the public
press, and among the people everywhere, such is
the universal fault-finding of the times that if the
Government were to undertake to comply with all
the demands made upon them in consequence of
this spirit of fault-finding, they would have noth-
ing else to do. I hope they will addiess them-
selves to the carrying on of public affairs with
vigor and energy, and that when the records can
properly come out they will come out before the
country; and when they have closed this war;
when they have saved this country, if they have
acted dishonestly the public judgment will pro-
nounce its irreversible verdict of condemnation.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour for the
consideration of the special order has arrived, and
the Senator will suspend his remarks.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the special
order until we take the vote on this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES and others. What is the special
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for to-day is the bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act
of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled " An act sup-
plementary to the act entitled * An act to amend
the judicial system of the United States.' "
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone that bill
until Monday next.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a special order for
next Monday.
Mr. WADE. Well, say next Saturday, or
Wednesday of next week. I am not particular.
1 do not wish to delay the bill unreasonably, but
I should like a little delay; and if the Senator from
Illinois, who has charge of it, will designate a
day for its consideration, I will consent to it.
Mr. TRUMDULL. I would prefer not to des-
ignate a day at all; but let us merely postpone it,
and we can call it up as soon as the Senator from
Ohio shall be ready. There is some opposition
to the arrangement of the circuits as tney were
proposed; but I am in hopes that it may be arranged
satisfactorily to the Senators from Ohio. I have
no desire to press the bill at this moment, but am
willing that it should be passed over, and then it
will be subject to be called up at the earliest day,
when they will be sufficiently informed to determ-
ine whether they desire to make opposition to it
or not.
Mr. WADE. I shall be satisfied with that. I
promise the Senator that I will call it -up at a very
early period. I want a little information that I
have not got now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the bill will lose
all the advantage it derives from being a special
order if it is deferred now, unless it be made a
special order again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from "Ver-
mont is doubtless correct; but it is a bill of that
character that the whole Senate will be disposed
to pass, and my reason for consenting toitspres-
| ent postponement is, that we probably should
spend more time in trying to arrange it now than
i by letting if go over.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to throw
any obstacle in the way of the gentleman's views,
but to suggest the effect of his proposition.
Mr. WADE. The bill can be passed over for
the present, and we will call it up again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SUTLERS IN THE VOLUNTEER FOKCES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is the unfinished business of
Friday.
Air. POWELL. I move to postpone that for
the purpose of continuing the consideration of my
resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg to inquire what is
the unfinished business of Friday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
136, to provide for the appointment of sutlers in
the volunteer service, and to define their duties.
The Senator from Kentucky moves to postpone
this bill- 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think we had better go
on with the unfinished business.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
! sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 136)
I to provide for the appointment of sutlers in the
' volunteer service, and to define their duties; the
! pending question being on the motion of Mr. Car-
lile to recommit the bill to the Committee on
! Military Affairs, with instructions to report a bill
i providing for a tobacco ration, and abolishing
sutlers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oidercd.
] Mr. HALE. I know very little about this
, subject At the commencement of the session I
j heard a pretty general denunciation of this sys-
j tcm, and I saw that an announcement oftheSen-
i ator from Massachusetts, at the head of the Com-
! mittee on Military Affairs, that he was going to
