THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-SeVenth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 18G2.
New Series;,,.iNo; I9~
move to abolish the whole system of sutlers was
received with favor. It struck me favorably.
Since the subject has been under consideration—
indeed, since this bill has been introduced, I have
had conversation with some"colonels in the ser-
vice, in whose judgment I place very great con-
fidence, and they have assured me that the best
thing that can be done-is to abolish sutlers alto-
gether; and as the Senator from Massachusetts
had a good deal to do with bringing my mind to
that opinion, I should like to know from him why
he has changed; because if he can show a good
reason for his change, I have no doubt it will
cause me to change my view; but as at present
advised, I am opposed to the bill. I will mention
a single fact. I was talking to one colonel who
told me that two of his men had died in camp
within a short time from eating pies furnished by
the sutlers. I take it they must have been mince
pies. If that is the charactcr of the stuff vended
by them, I think they had better be abolished
altogether.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will listen for a moment, I will state
to him why the bill has been reported in its pres-
ent form, instead of the original proposition for
the abolition of sutlers altogether. It was my
purpose, when I introduced this bill, to establish
in the volunteer service the same regulation that
exists in the Navy, by which some fifteen or
twenty articles called small stores are sold to sail-
ors on board our ships of war. I understand that
a ship of war with a thousand men will consume
something like twelve thousand or fifteen thou-
sand dollars a year of these small stores. I con-
sulted with the Quartermaster General, the Com-
missary General, and other officers connected with
the Government in regard to adopting this system
in the Army. My purpose was to abolish sutlers
altogether, and to authorize the quartermasters of
regiments to draw some fifteen to twenty-five ne-
cessary articles for soldiers from the Government,
the soldiers paying for them, and being chargcd
ten or twelve per cent, profit to cover the losses.
I do not believe there need be any difficulty in
adopting that. I believe that if the commissary
department and the quartermaster's department
-will purchase these articles the system can be car-
ried out. I do not think more than twenty-five
articles need be furnished, and they mostly small
articles — needles, thread, stationery, blacking,
and articles of that kind. We should have to
authorize the quartermasters of regiments to have
a clerk, because there must be a record made of
every sale, and it must be charged against the
men, and the amount taken from their pay when
they are settled with. You must either furnish a
clerk to the quartermaster, or you must authorize
the quartermaster to detail out of the regiment
some soldier fitted to be a clerk, who can do this
business; and it will take one-man unquestionably
all the time to distribute these articles among the
men as they want them, and to keep a record of
all that is done, for every farthing must be charged
in order to make the quartermaster's accounts
balance.
If Senators believe that to be the best system—
better than this system for the regulation of sut-
lers—I shall be willing most cordially to fall into
my original plan; but I found opposition to it, I
thought, from the quartermaster and commissa-
ry departments. At any rate, they did not seem
to fall into it very readily. They thought it would
impose additional burdens on the Government in
going into the market and purchasing lor the Army
those articles which it is necessary to have; and
that it was better to have sutlers, butto have them
regulated as near as possible to this system.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he will be kind enough
to cite some of the articles that he thinks neces-
sary. I understood him to say that fifteen addi-
tional articles are required. I know of but one,
and that is tobacco. I am informed by a distin-
guished Senator behind me that two articles men-
tioned by the Senator from Massachusetts are
needles and thread. Now, sir, I should think
19
that a soldier who would go into the Army with-
out having them was not fit to have clothes on
him.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose he is in there, and'lias
lost them, how is lie going to get them ?
Mr.LANE,ofKansas. Heis notnear as likely
to lose them as the quartermaster.
Mr. GRIMES. But how is the soldier who has
losi his to get any more ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have never yetbeen
anywhere that such articles as needles and thread
could not be found in the country. If one soldier
loses his, he can borrow of his brother soldiers.
While the Senator from Massachusetts is looking
at his list, I desire here to record the "statement
that there never was and never can be a more
perfect corruption fund than is furnished by the
sutlers'position to the commissioned officers who
surround them. There may be exceptions, but
if there is, I have never known one, to the general
rule that a sutler has some arrangement with some
commissioned officer for the division of his profits.
I remember, and the distinguished Senator from
Indiana will remember, arresting a brigade sutler ]
in the Mexican war for selling spirituous liquors
to soldiers. He was released by the brigadier^en-
eral of our own name—I am ashamed to say it—
because he had an interest in the profits of that
sutler. It is a corruption fund.
Again, of all the trouble that commissioned
officers have with troops, that which arises from
intoxicating drinks is the greatest. I said the other
day that there was no way to keep intoxicating
drinks out of the Army but by keeping sutlers
out of the Army. There may be honest men, but
the temptation is so great, the enormous profits
they make are such as to lead to gt eat imposition.
The distinguished Senator that I referred to a
moment since will tell you that he has seen the
sutlers selling to the soldiers potatoes of the small
kind, the smallest kind, at twenty-five cents per
dozen. He has seen boxes of sardines, worth
here some twenty cents, sold-to the private soldier
for §2 50. The bill recommended by the com-
mittee proposes that the sutlershall notgraspmore
than one fourth of the soldier's pay per month. It
is idle. If the soldier is fit to be in our Army, if
he is brave enough to defend his country and to
vindicate its flag, if he gets into d^bt to the sutler
the whole amount of his pay he will pay the sut-
ler, and there are wives and children to suffer while
the sutler and the commissioned officers who are in
partnership with him fatten and grow rich. Rank
seems to be no protection. The profits are so
enormous that officers of the highest rank are im-
plicated. I have had so much trouble with sutlers
that I cannot speak of them exccpt with feeling,
with anger. They arc a nuisance to the service.
Mr. WILSON. I have a listof a large number
of articles, perhaps one hundred, that are now
sold by sutlers. I have marked several of these
that I think it is important the soldiers should have
in the field for their convenience. If the bill now
pending shall pass, I hope that the inspector gen-
erals of the Army will confine the sales of the sut-
lers to this small class of articles, and I have very
good reason to think it will be so; and if it be so
there will be no great trouble in regard to sutlers.
If the inspector gcncials do their duty under this
bill, I think we shall never hear in future of much
trouble in regard to sutlers. I will read, however,
for the information of the Senator from Kansas,
who thinks that the soldiers need nothing but
tobacco, a few of the articles which, it seems to
me. it is necessary they should have. Most of
these articles sailors arc permitted to purchase
from the Government stores on board our ships
under the present regulations, and they are chaiged
ten per cent, to cover the expense of sale and the
loss and diminution m value by the Government,
i That is regarded as abundant, and the sales on
S board a large ship amount to some ten or twelve
thousand dollars. So I am told by Mr. Bridges,
of the Navy Department, who understands this
subject very thoroughly. The articles I have
marked are, blacking, brushes of different kinds,
to brush clothes, brush teeth, brush boots, &c.;
Bristol brick, an article used for cleaning pur< -
poses, cigars of different kinds, combs of "two- or
three kinds, emory, an articlc used for the pur*'
pose cf cleaning arms; gauntlets, gloves, pocket
handkerchiefs, ink, and stationery articles for
writing purposes, armor oil, for the cleaning of
their arms, pipes for smoking purposes, pens and
pencils, rotten stone, razors and razor straps,and
other things for that purpose; suspenders, shoe
strings, needles and thread, scissors, and postage
stamps. I think those arc nearly all the articles
that it will be nccessary to sell.
Mr. COLLAMER. 'You have notgot tobacco
in your list.
Mr. WILSON. Tobacco I mentioned in ad-
dition.
Now, sir, I think if the inspectorgenerals under
this law will confine the sutlers to these articles,
or nearly these, we shall never haverany further
"trouble about them. But if Senators do not wish
to take this bill, I am satisfied there is only one
other plan we can adopt, and that is to authorize
the Government to purchase articles like these for
the soldiers, and to authorize the quartermasters
of the regiments to draw for their regiments these
articles, being personally responsible for their
value to the Government, and to give them a clerk,
or give them authority to detail some soldier who
is fit for a clerk, who shall deliver these articles
out to the soldiers on requisition, and make the
charges against the soldiers and keep the accounts.
I have no doubt that $10,000 a year would be all
that would be necessary to be used in any one of
these regiments that now expends $50,000 or
$00,000 for articles from the sutler's tent. If
Senators think the present bill will not roach the
object, or are not willing to trust the inspector
generals to limit these articles down to what is
necessary for the soldiers to have, then, sir, they
can take the other system and recommit the biUf
with instructions to report that system, that the
Government shall furnish the quartermaster such
articles as I have mentioned, and make him re-
sponsible for them, and give him a clerk, and
allow sufficient charges to be made to the soldiers
tocovertheexpcnse. Thatwasmyoriginal prop-
osition; but I found opposition to it, or rather a
failure to concur in it, and I took the other as
reaching the nearest that system possible. But
if the inspector generals will do their whole duty
under the present bill, it would accomplish nearly
the same thing in the end.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it occurs to me
that the argument that has been made against the
passage of this bill, and against the existence of
this office of sutlers, operates with equal force
against there beingbrigadiergenerals and colonels.
It is said that sutlers are going to be corrupt be-
cause their commanding officers are interested in
their sutlerships. Well, if you are going to abol-
ish the office of sutler for that reason, why do you
not abolish the man who makes the sutler corrupt?
Sir, I do not stand here to defend sutlers. I have
no doubt that a large majority of them are cor-
rupt. I have not any doubt at all but what a great
many of them have been made corrupt by their
commanding officers. I do not pretend to say that
this bill will be thoroughly enforced; but I sayif
the bill, as introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, is enforced, it will remedy almost all, if
it docs not entirely j cmedy, the evils that are now
said to exist in the Army.
The objection to allowing the quartermasters to
do this duty, in the first place, is, it will impose
an additional expense of at least $1,000,000. You
have got between six and seven hundred regi-
ments m the field. Yon must give to the clerk of
each of these quartermaster his pay and ration,
and it will amount to more than a million of
dollars.
Mr. President, mark my words, the issue here
is this: whether wc will allow the regiments to
have sutlers regulated by a fixed law, or whether
wc will have a lot of little merchants following
every regiment in thefield selling indiscriminately,
under the authority, either open or tacit, of the
i commanding officer of the regiment. Thatis the
