1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
over which all Amcrica now mourns as the Jew-
ish captive who wept by the waters of Babylon,
and refused lo sing because Judea was desolate.
This Union will be restored, armed rebellion and
treason will give way to peaceful allegiance, but
not until the ancient moderation and wisdom of
the founders of the Republic control once more in
this Capitol. Unnatural, inhuman hate, the ac-
cursed spirit of unholy vengeance, the wild and
cruel purposes of unreasoning fanaticism, the de-
basing lust of avarice and plunder, the unfair and
dishonest schemes of sectional aggrandizement,
must all give way to the higher and better attri-
butes and instincts of the human heart. In their
place must reign the charitable precepts of the
Bible and the conservative doctrines of the Con-
stitution; and on these combined it is my solemn
conviction that the Union of these States will
once more be founded as upon a rock which man
cannot overthrow, and which God in his mercy
will not.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicxey,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had indefinitely postponed the bill ofthe House
(No. 218) for the relief ofthe legal representatives
of Frederick F. Brose,deceased; and the bill of the
House (No. 485) for the relief of Phillip Lans-
dale, surgeon United States Navy.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the bill of the House (No. 183) to
provide for the settlement of the accountsof John
A. Smith, clerk of the circuit court and criminal
court of the District of Columbia; and the bill of
the House to amend an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1863."
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of thanks to Captain
David G. Farragut, of the United States Navy,
and to the officers and men under his command;
in which he was diiected to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed the following resolution:
Resolved, That at one o'clock to-morrow afternoon the
Senate will resolve its-elfinto a court of impeachment; at
winch time the following oath or affirmation shall be admin-
istered l>y the Secretary to the President of the Senate, and
by him to each member of the Senate, to wit: " I solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the case may be,) that in all thing-' apper-
taining to the trial and the impeachment of West H.Humph-
reys, judg<> of the district court of the United States for the
distuct of Tennessee, I will do impaitial justice according
Nto lawwhich court of impeachment being thus formed,
\vill, at the time aforesaid, lcceive the managers* appointed
by the House of Representatives to exhibit aiiicle* ot im-
peachment in the name ot themselves and of all the people
ofthe United States against West II. Humphreys, judge
ofthe district court of the United States for the district of
Tennessee, pursuant to notice given to the Senate this day
by the House of Representatives that they had appointed
managers for the purpose afore&aid.
CONFISCATION—AGAIN.
Mr. LANSING obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to yield to me for a few
minutes.
Mr. LANSING. Certainly.
Mr* MORRILL, of Vermont. I have been
some what surprised, Mr. Speaker, by the remark-
able speech of the gentleman from Indiana, and
more surprised by the remarkable statements
which he attempted to present as facts. 1 endeav-
ored to interrupt the gentleman for the purpose of
giving the precise facts, supposing that the gen-
tleman, as he was speaking by the book, would
be anxious to be accurate in Ins statement which
he was about to send to the public, but the gen-
tleman declined any such corrections.
Now, what was the representation of the gen-
tleman? Why, that at the end of next year our
debt would amount to $2,000,000,000, and that the
annual interest upon our present indebtedness
would amount to $100,000,000. Mr. Speaker, to
say nothing about the taste of attacking an Ad-
ministration which is doing all it can to put down
a rebellion which was inaugurated by the gentle-
man's own party, and by no other party, he ought
to have reflected that our Army in the field is even
now commanded by Democratic generals—two of
the largest commands being held by Democrats—
and that if there is any cxtiavagant expenditure,
they are as much responsible as any party in this
country. While such arc the facts, and while the
office of Secretary of War is also filled by a Dem-
ocrat, such a speech comes with an ill grace from
the gentleman. I am willing that parties guilty
of fraud shall be visited by due punishment, and
will go as far as the gentleman himself to effect
that object. Let them be hung on gibbets, and be
execrated for all time. I think the gentleman will
find as many of these martyrs in the Democratic
ranks as anywhere else. But, Mr. Speaker, all
that is out of order—as much so as the gentleman's
speech. I merely intended to give the facts*in ref-
erence to the public expenditures.
The whole amount of the appropriations which
have passed this House for 1862 are §586,000,000.
The whole amount of appropriations for 1863 are
$544,082,000. This is large enough, but not so
large as I understood the statement of the gentle-
man by about one half. Consequently, if this war
should continue even till the expiration of next
year, the expenditure will not then have amounted
to more than $1,120,000,000. The amountof the
present indebtedness, including the old debt, is but
a little over $600,000,000. Therefore the interest
on the public debt cannot be. even at seven per
cent., more than $42,000,000; and if the war should
continue till the end of 186*3, it would not amount
to over $75,000,000.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have some reason to hope
that this war will be closed long before the expi-
ration of18G3; and if so, then of course our ex-
penditure will be largely diminished.
Now, in regard to the ability of the people to
support this enormous load of taxation. The peo-
ple of England have supported a debt which takes
one fourth part of their annual earnings. Taking
our annual productions as a basis of calculation,
we could support a debt of $4,000,000,000, and
still not be taxed so heavily as England is at the
present moment.
But to show the real value of our securities—
to show the solidity of our Government, and the
general confidence in the present Administration,
we have to go to the money markets of the world.
At this time, Wall street, State street, and Wal-
nut street refute the gentlpman's charge of ex-
travagance and general peculation. There our
securities bear a premium at this moment, and I
do not suppose they will depreciate in consequence
of a merely political speech.
Mr. LANSING resumed the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. LANSING. I am willing to yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, if it will not come
out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It can only be by consent
of the House.
Mr. COX. I object to that.
Mr. LANSING. I am exceedingly anxious to
proceed, but I will yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. I thank the gentleman most
earnestly for having yielded the floor, for it seems
to me that the remarks of thegentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Voorhees] require immediate rejoinder.
He says we live m strange times; and in so far, I
agree with him. It seemed to me, as I listened to
him, that I had been unconsciously transported;
that I could not be in the Hall of the American
House of Representatives, or that the gentleman
had mistakerrhis forum; for I am quite sure that
if the speech which he made had been uttered
in the hall of the confederate congress, its well-
rounded periods would have drawn down enthu-
siastic plaudits.
The corruptions of the Administration of Abra-
ham Lincoln, says he, arc saddling the labor of
the country with a burden which it^ cannot bear,
and which will destroy the value ofthe property
ofthe people. Sir, was John 13. Floyd a member
of Abraham Lincoln's Cabinet? It was he who
stole the arms that stocked the arsenals of the
country, and gave them into the hands of rebels
to wage this war. Was Howell Cobb a member
of Abraham Lincoln's Cabinet> It was he, sir,
who brought the credit of the Government so low
that at twelve per cent, per annum we^could not
borrow, in our own markets, the half of a proposed
loan of $5,000,000, and caused Europe to turn up
her nose—so to speak—at the bare suggestion of
the idea of value m American securities and Ameri-
can credit. Was Jacob Thompson a member of
Abraham Lincoln *s Cabinet? Yet it was he who
stole the Indian bonds. Was Toucey a member
of Abraham Lincoln's Cabinet? Yet it was he
who dismantled the only two ships that he had
permitted to remain in our waters, and who sent
all other national vessels beyond the reach ofthe
voice of the President of the United-States, or any
of his ministers. Were, I a&k, those thieves and
scoundrels members of the present Administra-
tion, or of that over the overthrow of which the
gentleman mourns? I have heard of Satan re-
proving sin, and of dark things calling each other
black; but I never have witnessed so gigantic an
illustration of either, as this 
Mr. VOORHEES. Whenever the gentleman
from Pennsylvania 
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. VOORHEES. You shall yield. I de-
nounce the member's statement as false, and I de-
nounce him as a calumniator.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is out of order, and will take his seat.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will allow no man to im-
peach my loyalty to this Government, and espe-
cially I will not allow the member from Pennsyl-
vania, who has signalized himself on this floor/or
nothing except the defense of thieves.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will take his
seat,
Mr. KELLEY. I am opposed, Mr. Speaker,
to swindling, eitherin factorin thought, to steal-
ing property, or to fraudulently deluding people
from their patriotism and their honest convictions.
I believe in honesty and veracity,and I say that
the present condition of the country is the natural
result of the training which its people received
at the hands of the ^Democratic party. It held
the power, honors, and patronage ofthe Govern-
ment for nearly sixty years. It made our coun-
try the plunderer of nations, provided they were
feeble. Filibuster became synonymous with Dem-
ocrat during the last two Administrations. There
was no principle of honesty or veracity which
the Democratic party, as represented in the ad-
ministrations of Franklin Pierce and James Buch-
anan, illustrated to the people of the country.
And if the management ofthe war be corrupt and
expensive, I pray you to bear in mind, as the
country will, that Abraham Lincoln found trained
pupils and proteges of those Administrations in
all the Departments and bureaus. Those Admin-
istrations had schooled armies of contractors into
corrupt ways, which they practiced on old office-
holders with whom they were familiar, or their
inexperienced successors, and it does not lie in
the mouth of an adherent of those Administra-
tions—of one whoseeks to resuscitate the party
which sustained them—to rebuke the Republican
party or Abraham Lincoln, on those points, or
even to suggest to them that greater honesty and
sounder discretion must prevail in the affairs ot
the Government. Can you tell me, sir, or will
anybody who reads the remarks of the gentle-
man, be able to say, whether he disapproves ot
the rebellion; whether he thinks the war should
not have been begun; whether he wishes us to
make inglorious peace to-day, and possibly to
stipulate to pay the expenses of the rebels during
the war, provided they promise us peace in the
future? What are his views on the subject? Did
Abraham Lincoln fire on Fort Sumter? Did the
Republican party steal the forts, and arsenals,
and mints in the South? What did the^ do to
bring on this war? They asked that the Govern-
ment might be administered as Washington and
Jefferson, Virginians and slaveholders, adminis-
tered it. That is what they desired and proposed
to do when they came into power. And shall
those who encouraged the rebels to strike, and
who have hud no word of condemnation for them
even up to to-day, say that the Republican party
is responsible for the cost ot the war, or the
grievous burden of taxation it will impose on
the wealth and labor of the people?
Mr. VOORHEES rose.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I do not yield to the
gentleman unless there is some rule oforder which
entitles him to the floor.
Mr, VOORHEES. There is a sense of fair-
ness which, when a personal attack is made, gives
a man a right to reply.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
proceed without interruption if he declines to yield
the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield, as the gen-
