1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
though it had an application to spirits for con-
sumption. I do not understand that raw spirits
enter into the consumption of the country as a
beverage at all. On the contrary-, three fourths
of the distilled spirits referred to in the section
under consideration are used in manufacture, as
alcohol; and as such it is just as necessary and
just as legitimate a branch of manufacture as that
of cloth. It seems tome that the discussion we
are having upon this seciion is simply a discus-
sion of how much duty shall be laid upon spirits
so distilled as to enter into manufactures. When
wc reach the G8th page this question will legiti-
mately come up how much revenue shall be raised
i$on articles of luxury, which consist of wine,
gin, brandy, (fee., used as a beverage.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BABBITT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the tax seventy-five cents per
gallon. Among all the arguments adduced here,
I have failed to hear the fnst reason why we can-
not here in these United States produce from spir-
ituous liquors as laige a revenue as is produced
from the same article in England. There it isan
indubitable fact that on the single article of spir-
ituous liquors they raise a revenue sufficient, if
we had it, in the course of a few years, to extin-
guish every dollar of our public debt. But it is
said you will ruin the producer,and that he must
suspend manufacture. Why, nobody would be
hurt by the imposition of a heavy tax here. Not
the producer; because the producer here, as in
England, would put the incteased tax upon the
price of the article; not the vendor, who buys it
of the producer, because he would add the increased
amount by increasing the profits upon the article;
and then we should find the drink for which we
pay five cents now charged at ten cents, and the
ten cent drink increased to fifteen or twenty cents.
Who would be harmed by it? The consumer?
No, sir; not he. He would be the last man to
complain. Men complain of the high price of al-
mosteverything—of the bread they eat, the buteh-
ei's meat, the fuel they use, and even of the crin-
olines and bonnets of their wives and daughters;
but mortal ear never heard a man complain that
lie paid too much for his liquor. [Laughter.] We
never complain of that. We pay it cheerfully and
gladly.
Well, it is said that this article of spirits is used
largely in the arts and manufactures. Yes, sir, it
is used very largely in arts and manufactures, but
the art in which it is thus largely used is the art
of composing what they call " mint juleps" and
" bUngs" and " cocktails" and "punches," and
the like artistic articles of luxury. [Laughter.]
There is a great deal of humbug about the arts
and manufactures other thnn these in which spir-
ituous liquor is used.
Why is it that they can collect such a tax in
England, and that it could not be collected lierer'
Is there anything so ladieally different between
the habits and vices of the people of England and
the habits and vices of the people of these United
States, particularly in the luxunous habit of im-
bibing spirituous liquors, as to wariant any such
assumption ? I say there is none.
1 say, again, that it is our true policy, and it
ou<iht to have been the policy of th- Committee
of "Ways and Means, to levy this revenue upon
the habits and vices of the community, upon spir- j
ituous liquors and fermented liquors and tobacco, 1
as is done in England almost entirely. These are |
the main souices of her revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. {SEDGWICK.. It strikes me that there is
a gteat deal of misundcistandtng in regard to the
article which this section proposes to tax. Ptoof
spirits as it comes from the distillery is not an
article made for drinking at all. I suppose a gill
of it administered to any of us who have been
bothering the House with speeches tins morn-
ing would effectually prevent our repeating them.
[Laughter.]
My learned friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, says that although
this is a lugh duty, he would impose a tax of
twenty-five cents a gallon on the ailicit*, and im-
pose a tariff of the same amount on what is im-
poited. Now, I undertake to say that there nevr
was a barrel of proof spirits as described in this
section imported into this country at all. It is
not an aiticle of import, but an article of export
to a very large amount, because in no country on
earth is grain so cheap that it can be manufac-
tured into proof spirits and brought into this
country.
I say that the article described in this section is
not used as a bevei age at all. You might as well
tax corn twenty-five cents a bushel because it
may be made into whisky to drink, or into adul-
terated wine, gin, or brandy to drink. This arti-
cle is only one stage advanced from the corn that
is produced by the fanners. There are hundreds
of thousands of barrels of it made in the district
that I represent perhaps every day, and yet not
one single barrel of it is made into whisky. It
is sent to the market at Albany or New York,
and there purchased for divers purposes. My
friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Sheffield] tells
me that one man in his district takes seventy-three
thousand barrels of it a year in the shape of vin-
egar to set the colois in his printed cloths. At
least seventy-five percent, of the article desciibed
m this section never goes into any form of liquor
that is used as a beverage. It is used in the arts,
in the making of varnishes, and in the making of
burning iluid—five sixths of it and one sixth of
turpentine for the purpose of making burning
fluid. If you impose a tax upon this article which
is too large for revenue purposes, and which will
prevent its being used for these manufacturing
purposes, instead of getting increased revenue
you will get no revenue at all; you stop manufac-
tures, and put a bounty to the amount of the tax
you impose into the hands of the speculators who
have been buying proof spirits for months past
for the mere purpl^o of speculation.
It seems to me that the principle suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
is the true one; to impose upon this manufacture
at first only a small tax—I tlunk five cents a gal-
lon would be sufficient—and impose the same tax
upon those who have purchased it and are hold-
ing it for speculative purposes, which might eas-
ily be done; and then increase it as it will hear
increasing. As the old stock goes out, increase
it to ten and fifteen cents, if you find that it will
bear that amount of tax. In my judgment a tax
of fifteen cents a gallon will, for the next six
months, decrease the manufacture of this articlc
about three fourths, and you will not get the rev-
enue, while you will make rich the speculators.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
undei consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS moved ihut nil debate upon the
section under consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be closed m
one minute after its consideration shall be again
lesumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on ihe state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Wholeontho state of the Union, (Air. Colfax
m the chair.) and ic&umcd the consideration^
the special order, being the bill of the House (No.
310) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Babbitt, and it
was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Blake's amend-
ment to strike out" fifteen" and insert " twenty-
five."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected—ayes twenty-nine, noes notcounted.
Mr. IIARJUSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
^tuke nut the \void< "• on and/' in line four, and insert
m h<'U then dt tin1 \vo)("h •• dining Un* yeai■« 5
out •• !>:>' en," jn hw*  oui urn! live. and Jixei t •' five,' and
ni-eil. alter the woul •• gallon,a-? to!imvs:
And dining the second year tlieiealtei the duty of ten
cents on each and e\rerv gallon ; and Jui ing each and <*v<?iy
subsequent year the duty of fifteen cents on each anu eveiy
gallon.
The section will then read:
That, in addition to the duties payabie for licenses here-
inbefore provided, there sJiafl be paid on all spirits that may
be distilled, of first proof, during the first year after the 1st
day of May aforesaid, the duty of five cents on each and
oveiy gallon, and during the secondyearthereafterJheduty
often cents on each and every gallon ; anrf during each and
evei y subsequent year the d uty of fifteen cents on each and
every gallon, &c.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the proviso, at the end of
the fifteenth line:
That all distilled spirits now manufactured in the United
States shall pay the same sum per gallon when sold a? pro-
vided by this act upon dhtilled spiuts manufactured from
and alter the 1st day of May, 1662.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walton of
Maine, and Robixson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNLAP. As the section now stands,
all spirituous liquors now manufactured, and all
that will be manufactured after the 1st day of
May next are to be taxed. 1 propose to insert in
the section as amended the words, " or that may
be manufactured by the 1st day of May next."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in at the close of the
section:
Provided, The provisions of this section shall oniy apply
to the first distillation, and not to any redistillation made for
The pmpose of increasing the proof of the iiquor so redis-
tilled.
I will state the object of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I ask unanimous
consent of the committee to explain my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee cannot
give such consent. The debate upon this section
is closed by the order of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I withdraw the
amendment.
The forty-fifth section was read for considera-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I now_ offer to
the forty-fifth section the amendment which I of-
fered to Ihe preceding one: that its provisions shall
oniy apply to the first distillation. I offer this for
the purpose of exempting alcohol, which goes into
the general consumption described by the gentle-
man from NewYoik, [Mr. Sedgwick,] from hav-
ing to pay a double duty. Alcohol is the only
liquor that goes into that kind of consumption.
If you require the payment of this double duty oil
alcohol, the effect will be to exclude it from use.
The first tax imposed upon it here is thirty cents
per gallon. If it bo subjected, on redistillation,
to a like, tax, that makes it pay sixty cents per
gallon, more than double the cost of the alcohol
that goes into general consumption for burning
fluid,chemicals, mechanical purposes, &c. It will
so increase the cost that its use m these harmless
ways must practically cease. All other liquors,
I believe, may be reached by providing a special
tax on liquors that are rectified; but we certainly
should not exclude alcohol from use for those pur-
poses for which it is now very largely consumed
m the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe that
the amendment offered by the gentleman is a proper
one, but I suggest that it would be more appro-
priate to inseit it after line forty-seven, on the
68th pa<xo. .
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I have exam-
jj ined that section,and I am afraid it will notreach
this case. The consumption of alcohol for those
useful purposes amounts to a thousand bairels a.
day. If subjected to this doable tax it will be en-
tirely excluded from consumption for these pur-
poses. I hope my amendment will prevail.
The amendment was 1 ejected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the forty-
! sixth section by inserting after the word " dis-
i! tilled," the words "and sold or removed for con-
sumption;" and also to amend 111 the same way
ji in the twenty-eighth line.
• ! The amendment was adopted,
i! Mr. NOBLE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
