290
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 13,
issue. -You cannot prevent the men from having
these articles; you ought not to prevent them from
having a good many of them. If you pass this
bill, you will strictly regulate the sutlers. If it is
enforced, when it becomes a law, it will be im-
possible for them to sell anything except such
articles as are specified by your board of inspect-
ors. If you do not pass the bill, then you will
have a whole cloud of little merchants and peddlers
who will follow in the wake of the Army, and who
will be imposing upon your soldiers, either with-
out the assent of the commanding officer or else
with his assent, especially if they are as corrupt
as has been said by gentlemen on this floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
a question at this point. IT the sutlers now sell
to the soldiers, with the consent of their command-
ing officers, articles which they do not really need,
and we restrict the sutlers by this bill in the arti-
cles they shall sell, and the commanding ofBccrof
the regiment still desires to have the soldiers dealt
with in other articles, will he not let this body of
hucksters follow the Army in addition to the sut-
ler? If we pass this bill, limiting the sutlers in
regard to the articles in which they shall deal to
what the soldiers really want, what is there to pre-
vent other persons from following the Army and'
selling other articles, with the consentof the com-
manding officcr of the regiment?
Mr. GRIMES. The sutler and all those who
sympathize with him will be immediately inter-
ested in keeping everybody else out, and they will
insist on an enforcement of the Army regulations
which exclude them. The sutler, therefore, so
long as he remains there is a check against impo-
sition on the soldiers by outsiders, and then this
bill is a chock upon the sutlers. I think that is
a sufficient answer to the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the motion before
the Senate may be again stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Carlili;,] to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, with instruc-
tions to abolish sutlers in the Army, and to pro-
vide for a tobacco ration!"
Mr. COLLAMER. That is an instruction to
the commitiee and will be imperative. I desire to
suggest to the honorable Senator from Virginia
that a tobacco ration for the Army, when one half
of them do not use it at all, seems to me hardly
desirable. I suggest to him to qualify his motion
by saying that the quartermasters shall provide
tobacco to those soldiers that choose to buy it,
instead of a tobacco ration.
Mr.CARLILE. I accept the modification sug-
gested by the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made.
Mr. CARLILE. A further modification might
be made to the motion, so as to enlarge it in ac-
cordance with the suggestion of the chanman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and I will sub-
mitit in that form. [After a pause.] As the
chairman of the committee does not respond, I
will just take it with the modification suggested
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. WILSON. Rather than recommit the bill,
if Senators desire to take a vote on a test question
whether we will abobsh the office of sutler^ and
have a tobacco ration substituted, or take'the
matter as regulated in this bill, let the bill pass
over, and I will bring in a bill, I think to-mon o\v
morning, so that we can have the whole subject
complete.
Mr. CARLlLE. Very well, sir. I have no
objection to let H lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT Does the Senator
submit a motion to that effect? Is there any mo-
tion made to postpone the bill?
Mr. WILSON. No one objects. Let it go
over by common consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over until to-morrow by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. ^ 1 desire Jo call up Senate bill
No. 107, to authorize an increase m the clerical
and other force in the War Department and its
several bureaus. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to taking the bill up and passing it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase
of the clerical force in the offices of the Adjutant
General and of the Paymaster General. The bill,
as originally introduced, authorized the Adjutant
General, in addition to the clerical force whose
employment in the office of the Adjutant General
of the Army is authorized by existing laws, to
employ three clerks of the fourth class, three of
the third class, one ofthe second class, and thirteen
of the first class, and two messengers; and five
noncommissioned officers or privates from the
Army, in addition to those now so employed. It
also authorized the Paymaster General of the
Army, in addition to the clerical force whose em-
ployment in the office of the Paymaster General
of the Army is authorized by existing laws, to
employ four clerks of the first class and four of
the second class.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with an amendment, to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause;
and to insert the following as a substitute:
That in addition to the clerical and other forcc authorized
by the existing laws in their lcspective depmtments, the
Secrctaiy of War is authorized to appoint in his ollice two
cleilis of class three and two clerks of class two. '{'ho Ad-
jutant General is authorized to appoint in his office three,
clciks of class four, thrcc-clerks of class three, one clerk of
class two, ten clerks of class one, two messenger?-, and ten
more non-commissioned otficers or privates, to be selected
by lum irom the Ainiv, ascleiks in his office. The Quarter-
master Genera! is authorized to appoint la his office two
clciks oiclass thiee, three eleiks ofcla-s two, and five eleilvs
ofclass onf>, and one assistant messcngei. The Suitjeon Gen-
eral is authorized to appoint in his office one clerk of cla-^s
one and one laborer. The Paymaster Geneial is authorized
to appoint in hi-; office four cieik* of class thice, and fuui
clciks ofclass two, and oncmessen<rei. The Chief Engi-
neer is authorized fo appoint m his office one elei k of class
one. The Chief of Oidnance is authorized to appoint in
hi>s office one eleik of class ihroo and two olcik* of cias-s
two. The Coinmissai y Geneial is authored to appoint in
jus office one eleik of class thioe, two clerks of clu-s two,
and one labour.
Sec. 2. Jlnfl. he it further cnarfcl, That the chief clerk
of the War Department may be appointed disbursing agent
of the Depaitment, and may leceive the salary aHixcd to
that office by the act. of Maich, 1853, in addition to his pay
as said chiel eleik.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee so as to reduce all those
clerks to fust class clerks. That will °ive them
$1,200 a year salary. I desire to say that there is
not the slightest necessity for making these clerks
second, third, and fourth class cloiks*. At the last
session of Congress there was an addition-made to
the clerical force of the War Depai tment, and the
same authority was given to that Department to
appoint some second, third, and fourth class clerks.
At the same session an act was passed author-
izing the Navy Department to appoint eight addi-
tional clerks, and at my suggestion they were all
put in as first class clerks. There was not the
slightest difficulty in getting the most competent
kind of men at that salary. There arc no better
clciks than those eight clerks we secured at $1,200.
I therefore move that the bill be amended so as to
make them all first class clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Iowa moves to
amend the amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs so as to reduce all the clerks provided
for by that amendment in the several bureaus from
fourth, third, and second class clerkships to first
class clerkships; m other words, to stuke out
" second," " third," and "fourth" where they
occur in thu amendment, and inseit the word
" first."
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call the attention
of the Committee on Military Affairs to a remark-
able feature in this hill. Why is it that the
appointing power is conferred on the Adjutant
General, the Paymaster Geneial, and the head of
the Ordnance Bureau? I supposed, as a matter
of course, that the Secietary appointed all these
officers. Have we no confidence in the Secretary
of War? Is the purpose of this bill to declare
that wc will not allow him to appoint clerks in
his Department? I* it indispensably necessary
to confer on the Adjutant General the power to
appoint these clerks? If so, why not dispone
with the Secretary of War5 It is a very remark-
able feature of this hill, and I am sui e it must hcuo
been drawn in one of the bui eaus ofthe War De-
partment, or it could not have escaped the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. I would not in any case confer on a sub-
ordinate officer, especially a military officer, the
power to appoint clerks. The Secretary of War
can be intrusted, as a matter of course, with the
power to appointall the subordinates in his office.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in reply to the
question of-the Senator from Ohio, I will say that
the bill was drawn by the committee itself, and I
am sure was drawn without any reference to a
want of confidence in the Secretary of War. The
bill simply provides that the Adjutant General
shall appoint for his office a certain number of
clerks, and the Quartermaster Genera] is author-
ized to appoint a certain number for his office.
The reason for drawing the bill in that way was
this: we supposed that the officers at the head of
these bureaus would find men peculiarly adapted
to their business, and we thought it just as well
to allow the officers having the care of these par-
ticular departments to find the men to put in those
departments,.as to allow the Secretary of War to
appoint the whole of them and have a general
scramble around the office. If the Senator, how-
ever, thinks that the bill in its present shape im-
plies a want of confidence in the Secretary of
War, or can be so construed, I am free to say
that that was not the intention of the committee,
and he can move an amendment, that the Secretary
of War shall be'authorized to appoint the clerks
for these different bureaus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the way it should
be undoubtedly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now pending is 011 the amendment moved by the
Senator from Iowa to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON. Before thatamend mentis made,
if the Senator from Ohio desires to move an amend-
ment that the Secretary of War shall appoint this
number of clerks for these several offices I shall
not object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill as it is now framed
is clearly unconstitutional. The Constitution de-
clares that the President shall have power to ap-
point certain officers:
"And all other officers of the United States whose ap-
pointments :iro not hci cm otherwise provided for,and which
shall be established by law; but the Congress may bylaw
vest the appointment of such inferior officers as they think
ptopei 111 tins President alone, in the courts of law, or in
the heads of Donaitmont5?.''
As a matter of course the bill, as now framed,
is unconstitutional. The power must be conferred
011 the Secretary of War or the President. I there-
fore move that the names of these several officers
mentioned in the bill be stricken out, and the Sec-
retary of War substituted in all such cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is aware that there is pending an amend-
ment to an amendment. After that is disposed of,
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Ohio will be in order. The first question is on the
amendment moved by the .Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the committee to reduce all the
clerkships to first class clerkships, striking out
" second," "third," and " fourth," and inserting
" first."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fi om Ohio moves further to amend the amendment
reported by the committee by striking out the Ad-
jutant General, Quartermaster General, and all the
other officers named in the bill, and inserting the
Secretary of War.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to so modify his motion as that it shall read:
" that the Secretary of War is hereby authorized
to appoint so many clerks in the office of the Ad-
jutant General, and so many in the other offices."
Mr. HARRIS. It is quite obvious, after these
.-hanires m the bill, that it will be necessary that
the bill should be iccast and rcframcd. A simple
single section will accomplish the object of the
btl! as it now stands. I therefore move that it be
recommitted for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to recommit this bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs, which will take
precedence of a motion to amend.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FIlOJI KANSAS.
|j Mr. CLARK. I understand that the report of
[I the Committee on the Judiciary,in relation to the
|i seutof theSenatorfrom Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] was
I! postponed on my account, on Friday last. I der-
ii sire now that that report should be taken up for
