1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
sachusctts, whether he did not also intend to add
the words or sale;" so as to make it read:" and
sold,or removed for consumption or sale." It
might be sent to New York for sale from some of
the western States, and yet might not be sold.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 accept the suggestion.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment was so modified.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] desire to amend the
forty-fourth section in the same manner?
Mr. HOOPER. Yes, sir.
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
applied also to the forty-fourth section.
Mr. HOOPER. I move a similar amendment
to the forty-seventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I desire to suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
the form of oath prescribed in this forty-seventh
section only refers to the quantity of gallons dis-
tilled, without reference to the proof of the whisky.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the section the words " according to
the proof herein mentioned;"so as make the oath,
in substance, as follows:
1 do swear [oi affirm] that the foregoing entries were made
by me on the respective days specified, and that they slate,
according to the best of my knowledge and belief, the
whole quantity of spirituous liquors distilled at the distil-
lery owned by , in the county of , amounting to ——
gallons, according to the pi oof herein mentioned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. It strikes me that there is an
omission in the forty-eighth section. It provides
that the oath shall be taken by the person who
has the management ofthe establishment. If that
manager should be removed by death or other-
wise, I see no mode provided for having the oath
taken. Why not adopt the plan of having the
books of original entry produced, and requiring
the proprietor to make oath as to the handwriting.
I have not examined the bill sufficiently to see
whether that case is provided for or not; but there
seems to be an omission here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course, if
the owner or agent die, there will be somebody left
to manage the business.
Mr, JOHNSON. It is not so in the bill.
Mr. STEELE, ofNcw York. I move to amend
in the forty-ninth section, by striking out the
words " on ale, beer, and lager beer,"and insert-
ing "on ail ale, porter, and other similar fer-
mented liquors, by whatever name such liquors
may be cailed,"and also to insert the woids "ex-
cept lager beer;" and to make the duty fifty cents
instead of one dollar per baircl of thiity-onegal-
lons,and the duty on Jagcr beer twenty-five cents
per barrel.
The CHAIRMAN. That is too much for one
amendment.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Then I move
the amendment of twenty-five cents per barrel on
lagerbeer, insteadofoneuollar. The otheramend-
ments I will offer in their proper places. This
article of lager beer is very much used at this time,
and I think with very good effect on the general
health. It is the weakest of all the fermented
liquors used. A tax of one dollar per barrel upon
it would amount to a prohibition of it. I have in
my possession a letter from one of the largest
manufacturers of lager beer in the United States,
who says, that under the proposed tax lie could
not manufacture or sell it any longer. My idea
is to reduce the tax on those fermented hquois
that have not the intoxicating effect which strong
liquors have. Of all of them, lager beer is the least
intoxicating. This question occasioned a very
considerable discussion in our State a few years
ago, as to whether lager beer was intoxicating or
not. A great deal of evidence was introduced on
the subject, among the rest the testimony of a man
who swore that he drank seven gallons in a day
without being intoxicated. I think that the duty
on this weaker liquor should be reduced, and I
therefore hope that my amendment will be adopted.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
The committee i use infotmally ,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Hickf.y, its Chief Clerk,
requesting the House to return to the Senate the
bill authorizing the opening of Sixth street west.
The request was complied with.
The committee resumed its session,proceeding
to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Steele, of New York, to reduce the tax
on lager beer to twenty-five cents per barrel,
Mr. JOHNSON said: Mr. Chairman, I was
about to offer an amendmentsimilar to that offered
by the gentleman from New York, and which is
now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
address the committee unless he opposes the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the duty from twenty-five cents
to twenty-four cents per barrel. This article of
lager beer, Mr. Chairman, is differently manufac-
tured from other liquors that we have been talk-
ing about to-day. It cannot be kept as liquors are
kept, and therefore the profits from it are not so
great. There are more risks connected with its
manufacture than there are with that of other
liquors. I had intended to bring this matter to the
attention of the committee, and had for that pur-
pose laid by in my desk the report of the sanitary
commission sent out to investigate the causes of
disease in the Army.
In speaking of the effect which the use of intox-
icating liquors has on the health of the soldiers, the
report pat ticularly mentions the fact that the use of
lager beer in the Army was not only not deleteri-
ous, but was beneficial to the health of the soldiers
in many instances. It is a tonic. One branch of
the medical profession which seims to receive con-
siderable favor at this time—the homceopathists—
recommend it m many cases as the best tonic for
persons in a certain condition.
A Member. In what condition? [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. In such a condition as re-
quires tonics. Where allopathists prescribe bit-
ters, the homceopathists give lager beer. I have
letters on my table which show that the imposi-
tion of this tax of one dollar per barrel on lager
beer would prevent its manufacture, and prevent
its being kept during the whole winter to be used
in the summer season. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be agreed to.
I am willing to consider this bill as intended to
accomplish the one purpose for which it was in-
tioduced and received by the House—that of lais-
ing revenue. However willing we may be to make
it conduce to the improvement of the morals of the
community, we must consider it here solely as a
measure for uiising revenue. In this view ofthe
bill, it is more than useless to attempt to put such
a tax upon any article as will prohibit its manu-
facture or use. But such I think will be the effect
of placing a tax of one dollar per barrel upon lager
beer. As to the other articles of beer, I do not
know what the bill refers to. The old article of
strong beer, which used to be in use, has gone out
of use, as I understand. Lager beer has taken its
place, and it is a much more sensible drink and
not as expansive in its effects. [Laughter.] If the
bill refers to spruce beer, I have no objection to
imposing a tax upon it, but I am afraid it will not
produce much revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I oppose the amendment
to the amendment for the reason assigned by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Steele] for op-
posing it. The gentleman said he was m favor
of the amendment because the provision as it stood
in the bill would amount to an absolute prohibi-
tion of the manufacture of the article. Now, sir,
I am in favor of it for that very reason, if it be true
that the tax proposed to bo levied would amount
to a prohibition of this traffic. If the sale of lager
beer, strong beer, and porter, could be confined to
the section of country from which the gentleman
comes, I should have no objection to it in any
aspect in which the gentleman might choose to
consider it; but, sir, the kind of liquor of which
he speaks, this beer, ale, and porter, is doing us
fai moie damage in the East than your whisky
and your brandy. Our young men take their
first kssons in intemperance in the strong beer,
laser beer, and porter which they get. They
progress then to whisky, and finally graduate,
such graduation as it is, with brandy.
Mi BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to say that I dq,not think he un-
derstands the meaning of lager beer. It is not a
strong beer at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that; but
does the gentleman say that lager beer is not in-
toxicating ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Has the gentleman
ever drank any lager beer? [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, I am
satisfied the gentleman is laboring under a delu-
sion. It was not lager beer that he drank; it was
something spurious. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. It was the
genuine article.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The meaning of
lager beer is laid beer. It does not mean strong
beer at all. £
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the gentleman if
he is of opinion that lager beer possesses no in-
toxicating qualities?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have drank a great
deal of it, and never felt any effect from it, and I
am surprised to hear the declaration made by the
gentleman from Maine in regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The declaration that I
made and repeat in regard to it is, that if there is
anything intoxicating in it I shall be glad if a
duty is imposed upon it sufficiently high to pro-
hibit the traffic in it so far as my section of the
country is concerned. That is all. The point I
desire to present is, that I am in favor of impos-
ing such a duty, if possible, as shall prohibit the
manufacture or sole of all intoxicating liquors.
Now, sir, so far as ale, porter, and lager beer
arc concerned, I believe that if such a duty should
be imposed upon them as should result in an ab-
solute prohibition, the revenue of the Government
would rather be increased than diminished thereby.
I believe the men who use it in the section from
whence I come would have the money wherewith
to purchase other necessary articles upon which
a larger revenue would be derived, by being de-
prived of the use of all intoxicating liquors. I am,
therefore, in favor, in respect to these articles, and
in respect to all articles of intoxicating liquors, of
increasing the duty upon them to an extent that
shall make it prohibitory; and in that way I be-
lieve we should increase our revenue rather than
diminish it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I withdraw my
amendment, and offer another in its place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desire to say
that I do it not fur the purpose of speaking alone,
but because I wish to offer it in a shape in which
I can present it as a whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I then with-
draw my amendment, and move to amend the first
clause of the section by striking out as follows:
Tlmt on and after the day ot May next, there shall he.
paid on all bcei, lager beer, ale, poitcr, and other similar
tormented liquors, by whatevn name such liquors may be
called, a duty of one dollar rbr each and ever} bairei con-
taming not mote than thirty-one gallons, and at a like late
for fractional parts of a barrel, which shall be brewed or
manufactured and sold within the United States oi the Tei -
ntones thereof, or within the Distnetot Columbia, alter that
day.
And insert m lieu thereof as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of Ma\, 1862, there ^hall
be paid on all ale, poiter, and other similar tei merited hq-
uois, by whatevet name such liquor- may he called cxcept
lager beer, a duty of fifty conts tor each and every bairel
containing not more than tluitv-one gallons, and upon lager
beer twenty-tive cents a barrel, and at a tike rate tor Pac-
tional puit< of a ban el, which fh.ill be biew< d or manufac-
tured arid sold within the United States or the Teiutoiies
theieof, oi within the District of Columbia, atterthat day.
I desire to say a word upon this amendment.
This article of lager beer, as has been very justly
stated by the gentleman irorn Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] is not so named as indicating that it has
any intoxicating qualities, but because it is laid
away in a cellar. It is true also that it will keep
but a \ery short time. Lager beer manufactured
fur the month of July, for instance, must be used
within that precise month, almost within a few
days, or it will be entirely worthlo ss. There is a
great deal of drugged stuff sold as lager beer, but
which is not the genuine article, as is the fact
with every kind of liquor. The genuine lager
beer is the least intoxicating of all the drinks used
as a beverage, and not only that, hut it is the most
harmless. It may be used with impunity by any
one if he obtains the pure article.
1 have a letter in my possession from a man in
