THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d ScbsioN.
FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1862.
New Series No. 143.
originators of this great infamy were those who
had for long years received the honors, the offices,
and emoluments of the Government which they
had only enjoyed that they might, by every cir-
cumstance of personal perfidy, add a new guilt to
national treachery, and thus furnish to the world
an instance of individual and public crime which
the pen of the historian might well shudder to
record and Satan might envy. I see nothing in
the condition of the southern mind to induce for-
bearance in the treatment to be meted out to the
rebels. Their hatred of Yankees and the North
seems to be as dire and inextinguishable as that
of Lucifer to Deity. He once was loyal to his
government and his God. They once yielded alle-
giance to the Constitution and theUnion,but now,
" Since lie, miscalled the Morning Star,
Nor man nor fiend hath laJPn so far."
We are told that an act of confiscation will be
cruel because it will fall alike upon the innocent
and guilty. That is always the case in the pun-
ishmentof crime. An execution for murder takes
away one, perhaps, upon whom a wife or mother
is leaning for support, not to speak of the anguish
and disgrace that settle down upon many hearts
and households. It may be that such an act will
take the property of some who hesitated, or were
deluded into this rebellion. In view of the spirit
that has been manifested since they turned away
from their duty to their Government and entered
into this infernal rebellion, it may be proper to say
to them as Mokanna to his ruined followers: " Ye
would be dupes and victims, and ye are."
But it is proposed to take the properly of the
leaders of this rebellion, and with this I am con-
tent; for this will leach nearly all the property,
especially the real estate, in the seceded States, as
it is there mainly held by those embraced in some
one of the classes named in the bill before the
House. I have no hope or confidence in the pres-
ent population of those States. They are in a
condition little short of barbarism, which makes
it necessary to deprive them of all the means of
repeating this crime of insurrection, and to supply
their places with the enterprise, intelligence, and
virtue of another people. I trust there is enough
of purpose, virtue, and intelligence in the North
to counteract this element of barbarism and keep
it in subjection, and still leave us a Government
and a nnfion. Confiscation, in myjudgment, is
necessary in order to enable us to do this. Does
the Constitution stand in the way of whatever is
necessary to preserve and maintain the Govern-
ment? Instead of containing within itself the ele-
ments of its own vitality and preservation, does
it contain prohibitions fatal to its life?
If this be so, it may be time to inquire whether
the life of the nation is not more valuable. For
when the storm of war has passed, and oureaglos
float in triumph once again from the St. Law-
rence to the Guif, a new Constitution could be
framed that would answer the high purposes of
its creation; but if the South is to conquer in the
strife of arms and endurance, and bloody treason
flourish over us, then ail is lost; for a nation once
destroyed can never be restored. But this is not
so. It is part of the labor and tactics of traitors
and their sympathizers to construe and appro-
priate to their purposes the Constitution they de-
spise, and to denounce all who desire to maintain
that saeied instrumental violators of and enemies
to it. Hence it was that President Buchanan, in
his last message, announced the extraordinary and
infamous doctnne, that although a State ha'd not
the right to secede fiom the Union, yet there whs
no power in the Government, under the Consti-
tution, to coerce a State; and from that time there
was a concerted and persistent etlort, throughout
all rebeldom and its adjacent neutral provinces,
and among semi-rebels at the North, to bring into
odium what was denounced as the doctune of
coercion.
Rut the great and good men who framed the
Federal Constitution did not do so vain and puer-
ile a work as to give to the nation an instrument
as its charter of liberty so weak and frail that it
did not contain powers and provisions sufficient
143
for its own protection and perpetuity. They gave
us a Constitution that leaves no room for the pest-
ilent doctrine of State sovereignty, from which
has been hatched this monstrous rebellion. After
enumerating the specific poweis of Congress in
section eight of article one, the same section con-
tains the following:
" To make all laws which shall b<3 necessary and proper
forcariym? into execution the foregoing powers and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
One of the foregoing powers is " to provide for
the common defense and general welfare of the
United States;" and another is "to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions." Here are express grants of
power sufficient to enable Congress to avail itself
ofevery means which may be made " necessary"
by thedesperate nature of the evil to be overcome,
and which may be " proper," in view of the rules
of civilized warfare and enlightened legislation.
Of this necessity Congress is to be the sole judge.
It is not a judicial question, and I rejoice that it
is not, for I greatly fear thata tribunal that would
make the infamous Dred Scott decision would hold
that nothing was necessary to suppress this in-
surrection, and that nobody should be hurt.
Sir, we should desire not only to suppress this
lebellion, but to crush it out, to subjugate every
portion of our revolted territory to the dominion
of the Federal authority, and to annihilate the
Vandals, Th ugs, and guerrillas that i nfest that vast
Grolgothaof lobbery,ciime,and blood. This can
only be done by stripping of their possessions the
present race of rebels, shooting those who con-
tinue to resist, and hanging the leaders when taken.
We need not be so feaiful of mfiinging upon the
Constitution. Ithas been the practice of the Gov-
ernment to consider that constitutional that was
deemed necessary; and it is as necessary to keep
down this rebellion as to put it down. The vast
and varied interests of the country should never
again be thrown into the vortex of uncertainty or
of ruin by the recurrence of such a war. There-
fore it is constitutional to do whatever will accom-
plish that end; and the Government has been in
the habit of acting upon this pnnciple.
In 1801, it was thought that Louisiana, the
mouth of the Mississippi liver, was necessary to
us asanation. JetTeison, m common witli other
statesmen of that day, conceded that there was
no express power m the Constitution for the
purchase of foreign territory, but the Govern-
ment nevertheless bought it, and it became ours,
and this exercise of power has ever since been
acquiesced in. So afterwards with Florida and
Texas. In short, L hold that Congress may do
anything, consistent with its tieatieswith other
nations and with the eternal principles of right,
in time of war, to save this Government, to pre-
serve its dominion and empire over every foot of
its territory, and that it is its duty to do so—a
duty which it owes to the cause of constitutional
freedom thi oughout the world—although it should
become necessary to take the life and property of
every rebel in arms against its authority, and at
whatever cost of blood or tieasui e to the nation.
And it is because it is equally necessary to save
and preset ve the Union, that I tun in favoi of
emancipating the slavt s of all rebels. The power
to do it stands upon the same ground as the ught
to confiscate their property. It is a war power
under the Constitution, the power ve&ted m Con-
gress " to make all laws necessary and proper "
m order " to provide for the common defense,"
and to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections,and repel invasions."
None but the blindest devotees of slavery itself
now doubt or deny that it was the cause of this
war; that the triumph of a party upon the issue
of opposition to its extension into free territory
where it had no constitutional right to go, and the
consequent loss of us long enjoyed control of all
the powers and departments of the Government, |
weie the causes that incited this rebellion. For :
half a century, by its bold and determined as- i
sumptions, its corruption of northern men and
northern parties, it had enjoyed a monopoly of the
principal offices and honors of the Government,
until it had come to consider that it had a pre-
scriptive right to rule and dictate its policy. In
the mean time, its debasing influences upon the
mass of the population of the South were prepar-
ing them for just such exhibitions as this war has
developed. The land being held by comparatively
few of the white population,and occupied in large
tracts and worked by slaves, at once made labor
itself degrading, and prevented its successful ex-
ercise by the non-slaveholding whites. They
have thus grown up uneducated andignorant, yet
learning enough from their leaders to hate the
North, and to zealously defend the institution
which has been quite asdisastrousanddegrading
to them as to the immediate objects of its wrong
and oppression.
The intelligent and educated slaveholders have
lived lives of ease and prodigality until in connec-
tion with a ruinous system of labor their estates
were impaired, and at last the growing wealth,
population, and power of the North induced them
to look for new fields of devastation and the occu-
pation and conquest of new territory. They pre-
sented the lamentable spectacle of apeopleamong
whom, although wealth did not accumulate, yet
men decayed. The most intense bitterness and
hatred against northern men and northern princi-
ples were systematically cultivated and encour-
aged , and by none more zealously indulged in than
by the i' white tiash " and " clay-eaters" that sla-
very had so degraded and debased. The insolence
and arrogance of the slaveholder grew still more
intolerant and exacting until a few hundred thou-
sand controlled not only the millions of the white
population at the South, but in a large measure,
through men and paities, the people of the North.
This condition of things must have its legitimate
and terrible results. Between this and no foreign
nation on theglobe did theie exist so much hatred
and alienation as between the South and theNorth.
And if in the capital of the nation a northern man ,
should speak and act upon the doctrines of the
Declaration of Independence, or presume to con-
strue the Constitution in any other way than in
the interest of slavery, he became the object of the
insolence, and peihaps the violence of the repre-
sentatives of the system lie re. Well did a Sen-
ator from Kentucky say the other day that the
slaveholders of the cotton States had become
il proud and insolent."
Sir, the history of the past will show that that
pride and insolence were not always confined to
the so-called cotton States. This rebellion com-
menced many yeais ago. Indeed, some of those
now engaged in it have openly avowed that they
had for thirty yeais been laboring for disunion.
But I mean to say that this rebellion was initiated
when the public mind and conscience of the South
abandoned the doctrine of the fathers of the Re-
public, that slavery was a moral wrong and a
political evil not to be defended or cherished, but
to be speedily abandoned and abolished. From
that time onwaid it has become more insolent m
its demands, more exacting in its pretensions, and
more violent in us conduct, until it has culminated
in this giant and bloody rebellion. For many
years it lias d 11 veil from the South men for speak-
iii;; the sentiments of Washington, Madison, and
Jefferson. Whole settlements and communities
have thus been driven back to the free States tor
no otiiei apparent reason than that the thrift and
success of their free labor was a constant reproach
to slavery. There has been more freedom of
speech and greater security to personal freedom
to a northern man, entertaining northern senti-
ments, in Vienna or Constantinople than in the
cities and on the plantations of the South, I need
not refer m detail to outrages that have been per-
petrated upon northern men and women guilty of
no ciime and no impropriety. That part of the
Constitution which piovides that " the citizens of
each State shall be entitled to ail the piivileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States"
has been practically a nullity. And this is ne-
