THE CONGRESSIONA L
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. 'RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 12, 1862.
law, and he is not made free> there will be a double
payment made by the Government of the United
States for the services rendered by the slave of a
IoyaL master. I am perfectly willing that the loyal
master shall draw the wages or compensation al-
lowed by this law for the services, because I
would not*4o anything to interfere with the legal
rights of the loyal master; but at the same time I
do not want to fix a different measure of damages
and thereby create disputes and controversy. I
think, therefore, where the slave of a loyal mas-
ter is used, that the master may properly draw the
pay allowed by law, and no more. I desire that
measure of compensation to be fixed by law.
Mr. KING. Allow me to suggestto Senators
that this whole subject should be left to the sub-
sequent section, and not put upon this one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri accept the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it is not
in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Ohio,
as I understand, has already proposed an amend-
ment to this bill, in these words:
That all persons who have been, or shall be hereafter
enrolled in the service of the United States under this act,
shall receive the pay and rations now allowed by law to
soldiers, according to their respective grades: Provided,
That persons of African descent, who under this law shall
be employed, shall receive ten dollars per month and one
ration.
Now, if you are going to liberate the slave, I
have no objection to paying the slave for his ser-
vices; but 1 want you to pay the master for the
loss of the slave. If you are not going to liberate
the slave, I do not care how much you pay the
slave, provided you will pay the loyal owner of
the slave during the time you have him in service,
and until you return him. This amendment will
accomplish that, and therefore I desire to have it
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will not press a vote on this question
now, because if the Senate shall refuse to adopt
my amendment and make free all the slaves em-
ployed, I will vote for his proposition with the
greatest pleasure. It is too early, therefore, to
press it now, and I hope the Senator will with-
draw it. The Senator will have ample opportu-
nity after the vote is taken on my amendment.
These votes may be taken all over again in the
Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. "What is the objection to
it now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because I desire to
reach it in a different, way. I desire to give to the
master the wages allowed by this law, and to fix
the measure of compensation by the language of
the law and not leave it open to dispute.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does not this accomplish
it? It is a proviso to the first section, declaring
that when the slave of a loyal man shall be used a
reasonable compensation shall be paid to the loyal
owner for that service. If he is employed for a
month, you only pay for a month; if he is em-
ployed for two months, you only pay for two
months; and it will not conflict with anything the
Senator may see fit to propose hereafter. His pro-
posed amendment will be altogether proper then.
If he wants to fix the compensation, however, it
is altogether proper that he should fix it. I have
no objection to his fixing it; but 1 do think some
ground ought to be given to the Union men of the
border States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Missouri to accept the
amendment of the Senator ftom New Hampshire.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as modified will be read
The Secretary read it, to insert at the end of the
first section of the amendment proposed by Mr.
Grimes the following;
provided, Tliatall loyal persons entitled to the service or
laboJ-of person?, according to the laws of the State in which
the owner of s>uth slave m.iy reside, employed uinlei the
203
provisions of this act, shall be compensated for the loss of
such service. ,
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, CoUamer, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Henderson, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Powell, Simmons, Stark, Ten
Eyck, Willcy, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright-® 20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Fessenden, Grimes,
Hale, Harris, Howard, Kingy^ane of Kansas, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wii-
mot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—37.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to move an
amendment to that first section, if it is in order.
I move, in line two, after the word " authorized,"
to insert the words, "and directed;" so that it
will read:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to receive into the service of the United States, &c.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These sections proposed
by the Senator from Iowa are all one amendment
as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate is
considering the amendment by sections; and the
question now is on agreeing to the first section of
that amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the second section of the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That when any man or boy of
African descent shall render any such service as is provided
for in the first section of this, act, lie, his mother, and his
wife, and children, shall forever thereafter be free, any law,
usage, or custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposes to amend
this amendment by inserting after the word " de-
scent, " in the second line, the following words:
Who by the laws of any State shall owe service or labor
to any person who, during the present rebellion, has borne
arms against the United States, or adhered to their enemies
by giving iii« m aid and comfort.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the
amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Uisnotamend-
able. This is an amendment to an amendment,
and it is not amendable except by the assent of
the Senator from Ohio who proposes it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to state that Judge
Swayne in Ohio, has decided in a case that was
before him recently, that the men who are en-
gaged in this rebellion are not amenable to the
laws for rendering aid and comfort to the enemy;
that they are not, in the language of the law, ene-
mies of the country; they are not within the pur-
view of the constitutional definition of the crime
of treason. In order to cover the ground, there-
fore, I wish to add after the word " enemies" the
words, " or persons who are disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States."
Mr. HENDERSON. Inasmuch as that decis-
ion has been very repeatedly referred tQ in the
Senate, I desire simplyto say that I think Judge
Swaync was perfectly correct in his decision. In
nearly all the cases of treason preceding the one
that has been spoken of, it has been decided that
the words " levying war" included every possible
act of giving aid and comfort to a domestic enemy.
The Constitution uses the words, " levying war
against the United States, or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort." As I under-
stand, the words " levying war" include the party
at home who gives comfort to a rebellion; and they
arc amply sufficient to include every possible act
of aid to a rebellion, Uhe additional words, "ad-
hering to their enemies, giving them aid and com-
fort,"apply to a foreign enemy; that is, if in case
of an invasion by a foreign Power a citizen at
New Series No. 203.
=sft5=
hoipe gives aid and comfort to it, he is. included
within those words; but it has been decided re-
peatedly in the courts of justice that wiienev«ran
individual did the same acts in case of a rebellion,
he was included under that provision which de1
clares that he shall be guilty of treason-when he
levies war. Therefore the words " levying war"
cover every possible case of giving aid and com-
fort to a rebellion.
Mr. WILKINSON. I desire to have included
those men, if there are any, in any county in Mis-
souri, who have neither levied war nor done any-
thing actually to levy war, but have given their
whole moral influence in favor of the rebellion.
I think in many instances they are the worst en-
emies we have, although they do not come within
the legal definition of enemies, or of rendering
aid and comfort to an enemy. It mustrequirfe
some overt act; but I wish to include every man
who is disloyal.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course it would not
include moral treason, and I do not think it would
be altogether proper to include moral treason.
Certainly the words " levying war" were not in-
tended by the makers of the Constitution, nor have
they ever been construed to apply only to par-
ties who take up arms. Ifa man furnishes money,
furnishes men, or in any manner whatever gives
aid anil comfort by any overt act, of course he is
guilty of treason.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will include those words, because I certainly
do not wish to sec any man who is disloyal to this
Government compensated, or 111 any wise favored
by any law of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have carefully taken the
language of the Constitution, and I have embraced
every person who, under any circumstances,
would be indicted for treason. I will remark that
the decision of Judge Swayne on-this subject lias
been very much misunderstood. It was rather a
question on a point raised on an indictment.
Mr. COWAN. A matter of description.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; rather a matter of
description than otherwise. I have seen an ex-
planation of that decision that was perfectly satis-
factory. There is no doubt but that a person can
be indicted for treason in a civil war under cither
branch of the clause of the Constitution. The
only question in that case, according to the de-
tailed report was, that the proper allegations were
not made in the indictment. It was rather a ques-
tion of quashing the indictment than of the ca-
pacity of men to commit treason in a civil war.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio if that decision of Judge Swayne did
not go to this extent: whether he did not declare
that if a private citizen upon his farm should
conceal rebels or feed them, he was not guilty of
treason within the meaning of the Constitution >
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have only seen the de-
cision as commented on in the newspapers; but I
understood the decision of the judgi; to be that
those persons wer? not'enemies within the mean-
ing of the Constitulion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I -believe I understand the
decision of Judge Swayne. The decision of the
judge was that a person could not, in this civil war,
be indicted and convicted of giving aid and com-
fort under that branch of the clause of the Consti-
tution ; but that if he had given aid and assistance,
and they had indicted hini for being himselfguilty
of treason ill levying war, it would have convicted
him; because any aid or assistance given makes
the man a principal. That is the decision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that the language of this amendment
should be u levied war."" " Borne arms " is not
the language of the Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to make it
" levied war or borne arms."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " Levied war" will be
sufficient. That is the constitutionalSanguage.
Mr. CLARK. I was about to say to the Sena-
tors who have raised this question in regard to the
decision of Judge Swayne, that in a subsequent
