1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
with what we have already done. We ought to
provide for the seizure of fermented liquors that
are now made, as well as those to be made, on
which duties have not been paid. I move to amend
by striking: out the word "shall," and inserting
now are or may}'* so that the clause will lead.
That all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other similar
fermented liquors which now are or may be made, and all
spirituous liquois which shall be distilled within the Uni-
ted States or the Territories thereof, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as this is a very
voluminous document anyhow, and words be-
come a matter of some importance, I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Maryland that possi-
bly the words are quite sufficient as they stand.
In the sixth line of this section, to which I call his
attention, I find the following words, " according
to the true intent and meaning of this act." As a
a matter of course, these words embrace all the
liquor, all the beer, and other articles enumerated
in this section which are the subject of taxation,
and those words would impose a construction
upon this section which the other sections would
seem to require. Now, gentlemen must perceivc
that this has come to be a very voluminous act,
and we are not diminishing its volume at all; but,
on the contrary, are increasing it. Ultimately it
will be necessary to refer this bill to a committee
of revision and phraseology, for it is manifest that
we create great uncertainty in some sections by
the manner in which we insert our amendments
upon the original text.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifty-fourth section was read, as follows:
Jlnd be il further enacted, That th<  own«r, agont, or su-
penntendent of any vessel or vessels used in making fer-
mented liquor, or of any still, boilct, or other vessel used
in the dhtiJi.uioii of t-piuts on which duty Ks payable, who
shall ncglect or refuse to make tun1 and exact entry and
repot t of the same, or to do, or cause to be done, any of the
things by tins act requited to be done as afoiesaid, shall for-
feit tor every such neglcct or refusal all the hquois and
spit its made by or for him, and all the vessels u^cd in mak-
ing the same, or the stills, boilers, and other vessels used iu
distillation, together witluhe sum of §500, to be iccoveied
with costs of Mat; which said liquois or spirits, with the
vessels containing the same, with all the vessels u*ed in
making the same, may be seized by any collector ot inter-
nal duties, and hold by him until a decision shall be had
thereon according to law : Provided, That such seizure be
made within three months after the cause for the same may
have occuned, and that a piocecution or action thereupon
shall have been commenced by such collector within twenty
days after the seizure thereof.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out after the word "in," in the
ninth line, the words, "and all the vessels used
in making the same, or the stills, boilers, and
other vessels used in distillation, together with the
sum of $500." If this amendment is adopted, I
shall propose to amend further inline thirteen,by
striking out the words, " with the vessels contain-
ing the same, with all the vessels used in making
the same;*' so as to make that part correspond
with this amendment.
It seems to me that the section as it stands, im-
poses a very heavy penalty indeed for neglect—
neglect either of the proprietor or of the employes,
agent, or superintendent—for, perhaps, the mis-
carriage of a letter, or any fact by which the re-
turn shall not reach the place designated by the
act. If the owner forfeits all the liquors that he
has made during the time, I think it would be suffi-
cient. Suppose the act stands as it was originally
reported, it is in the power of one man to stop the
whole establishment. The forfeiture here pro-
vided for is of the whole concern, the stills, the
casks, and everything connected with it. If you
take all these away, (he Government will get no
more revenue from that establishment. It is equiv-
alent to breaking it up. Certainly it is unreason-
able to require so heavy a forfeiture as that. The
forfeiture indicated by my amendment is sufficient
to compel obedience to the law, and a sufficient
penalty for the infraction of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope this amendment will
not picvatl, for it will be seen that if the amend- !
ment prevails there will be nothing left but the
liquor to seize. I should be afraid the liquor
would run out before the tax gatherer got there, j
If you have the fixtures to levy upon, there is not
so much danger that they will run away. As to
slopping the manufacture by taking away the
implements, I do not think that will be the result;
but we had better do that than to get no revenue
on account of fraud.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend in line fifth,
by inserting after the word "shall" the words
" willfully or corruptly," so that the clause shall
read: " who shall willfully or corruptly neglect
or refuse to make true and exact entry," &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
by inserting after the word " occurred," in line
seventeen, the words "and broughtto theknowl-
edge of the collector." The clause now reads:
Provided, That such seizure be made within three months
after the cause for the same may have occurred.
The cause may have occurred, and yet not have
been brought to the knowledge of the collector,
and after that limitation expires the seizure can-
not be made. Hence my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to a mere verbal alteration.
Perhaps no change is necessary, but it strikes me
that it is. In line ten, the word " or" occurs, as
will be seen by reading the clause, which is as
follows:
Shall forfeit for every such neglect or refusal all the liq-
uors and spirits made by or for him, and all the vessels
used in making the same, or the stills, boilers, and other
vessels used in distillation, together with the sum of $500,
to be recoveicd with costs of suit.
Should not " or" be " and?" _
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I move to substitute " and"
for "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the section the following:
One half of which penalty shall be for the use of the Uni-
ted States, and the oilier half thereof shall aeeiue to the
benefit ot the common schools oi the State in which col-
lected, and any colloctoi or deputy collector who shall fail
to piosccute any person to him known to be liable to the
penalty of this section, shall be fined $100.
The object I have in view is to place, so far as
this particular penalty is concerned, the motive of
prosecution beyond the mere personal interest of
the collectors cr deputy collectors. And I am com-
pelled to say, at the same time, that the House
apparently prefers retaining the old feature—that
of giving to the informer one half of the amount
of the penalty. Here the penalty is an enormous
one; and it is that kind of a penalty, also, which
may frequently occur. If seems to me scarcely
desirable that this penalty, consisting of so large
a sum of money and so much property, should be
permitted to inure to the benefit of the person in-
terested in the prosecution, and upon whose testi-
mony , indeed, the conviction ofa citizen is brought
about. Now, the argument is, that unless you
give him one half of this penalty, he will notpros-
ecute. I must be permitted to say that in Indi-
ana, in the enforcement of the revenue system, it
has never been deemed necessary to resort to any
such measure as that of paying to a public officer
anything more than his regular compensation, to
stimulate him to perform his duty. Years ago,
that State, in common with others, resolved to do
away with the qui tam action, going upon the sup-
position that our citizens would perform their du-
ties without any extra compensation; and, after
many years of experience, I think I can assert,
speaking with a reasonable limitation upon my
own experience, that the citizens of that State
have found that giving a public officer one half of
the amount of a penalty recovered is not neces-
sary to secure a faithful performance of duty upon
his part.
I believe, sir, that the adoption of this principle
will remove in the public mind, to a very great
extent, one of the objections that will exist to this
bill when it becomes a law—a law of universal
public interest, a law which the people intend to
rally upon and sustain. They intend to pay their
taxes, but it does seem to me that any motive,
any cause, any pretense for factious opposition to
the Government, or to the payment of the taxes
provided for by this bill ought to be removed.
Give half of this penalty to the common schools
of the State and you interest every citizen in the
enforcement of the law, and in the collection of
the penalties—a power infinitely stronger to secure
the enfoicement of the law than if you give half
the penalty to the collector himself, making him
theinformer,and thus rendering him odious to the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. There is nobody that ad-
i mires perseverance and firm will in any one more
than I do, but I would suggest to the gentleman
j from Indiana whether there is not a limit to it.
We have already largely discussed this question
of qui tam actions, very much to the consumption
of the time of the House, and his amendment has
been voted down in more than one shape and on
more than one division.
Now, I suggest to the gentleman whether it
would not be better to bow to the decision of
the House, and let us go on and perfect the bill.
Several amendments have been made here which
| were very unpleasant to me, and especially those
i concerning liquor; but I submit to it, and do not
j attempt to reverse what has been done. Although,
1 as I said before, I admire perseverance, yet I re-
member, also, with what effect the great orator,
whose language I do not very well understand,
exclaimed, " Quousque tandem ubute>e patientia
nostra ?" [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, I hope the gentleman
will let us finish this section. The next section
is on an entirely different subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is nearly five
o'clock. I insist on my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. We have had a great deal of
liquor and lager beer, and I think we ought to be
able to hold out.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers on the mo-
tion to rise; and appointed Messrs. Bingham and
Vallandigiiam to act as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 33, noes 52.
No quorum having voted, the roll was called,
and the names of the absentees noted.
The following named gentlemen failed to answer
to their names!
Messrs. Ancona, Arnold, Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob 13. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
William G. Blown, Burnham, Calvert, Casey, Clark, Con-
llickmail, llorton, Jackson, Keirigan, Killmser, Knapp,
Lansing, Lazear, Leary. Lehman, Logan, McKean, Mal-
lory, Marston, May, Maynard, Menzies, Nil™™, Ohn, Tat-
ton, John S. Phelps, Piice, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks. Sluel, Sloan, Smith,
Spauldins, William G ."Steele, Tram, Trimble, Trowbiidee,
Vandevcr, Van Wyclt, Veiree, Voorliees, Wall, Wallace,
E. r. Walton, Wnshburno, Wheeler, Wood, and Wnglit.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt, and finding
itself without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called and the absentees noted, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. Did a quorum answer?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; throe less than a quo-
rum.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, (at
five minutes after five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 21, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of drug-
gists and manufacturers and venders of proprie-
tai y medicines, in the city of Cincinnati, State of
Oluo, praying that they may be placed on the
same footing as other manufactureis of the coun-
try, and that the. proposed stamp tax may not be
applied to medicines; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of Theo-
dore F. Mott, and other citizens of New Jersey,
praying for the passage of a law to prevent <>ll
further traffic in and monopoly of the public lands
of the United Suites, and that they be laid out in
farms and lots of limited size for the free and ex-
clusive use of actual settlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COWAN presented two petitions from citi-
