2274:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
May 22,
cessarily so. The system cannot live in the midst
of free speech and a free press. Wrong is ever
aggressive and violent. Slavery is a great wrong,
and can only sustain itself by warring upon free
principles and free institutions. It is a wrong
without mitigation or palliation, for the reason
that it is based upon the idea of an absolute and
inherent right of property in man.
As my abhorrence of slavery could not be in-
creased by its abuses, if it is capable of them, so
no mitigation of the system, if it is capable of mit-
igation, could lessen that abhorrence. No matter
to me whether every slaveholder were either a
Legree or a St. Clair, my detestation of the Sys-
tem would be the same in either case, for sooner
or later it will involve in itself every other crime.
I believe,with Madison,that "it is wrong to admit
the right of property in man;" with Brougham,
that it is "a wild and guilty phantasy;" with
Wesley, that American slavety is " the sum of all
■villainies;" with Jefferson, that " one hour" of
that slavery "is worse than years of that which
our fathers rose in rebellion to oppose;" and I say
with Washington, that when any plan can be de-
vised for its abolition," my vote shall not be want-
ing," and with John Randolph, that " i envy not
the head or the heartof the northern man who can
defend slavery upon principle." The distinguished
and venerable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] the other day said that if this ques-
tion of the right of property in man was an original
question, he might not differ very much from this
side of the House. That gentlemen should rcilcct
that none of the established customs or practices
of mankind, however hoary with a go, can palli-
ate a wrong or excuse a crime. So no motive of
immediate personal convenience or policy can
justify the continuance of a system which is ruin-
ous to every materia! and moral interestof society
and dishonoring to the nation.
Butitissaid thatitisnot " necessary" toernan-
cipate the slaves of rebels to suppress this rebel-
lion. The question is not whether it might not
be possible to temporarily, and after much sacri-
fice of life and treasure, compel the South to sub-
mit to superior force, but whether emancipation
would not contribute to that result. In a state
of war that is justifiable which will weaken the
enemy and which is not prohibited by tho laws of
war. We may take ins property, bum his cities,
devastate his fields, deprive him of his life, ail of
which are great intrinsic evils, but it is said that
we may not perform that intrinsically righteous
act—emancipate his slaves. No doctrine is bet-
tor established upon the highest authority on the
law of nations, than that in a state of war you
may " weaken your enemy by emancipating his
slaves," not as a last resort, but as a prompt and
ready means of success and victory. Shall we
delay until we have not another life to spare, or
another dollar to give to this war, before resort-
ing to this most righteous and, in my judgment,
most efficient means of crushing this rebellion? It
may then be too late. It may be that divine venge-
ance will then have left us to ourselves for hav-
ing too long delayed this act, prompted alike by
justice and self-interest, but which wo have been
too blind and too guilty to perform. Soon, I fear
very soon, we shall have a foe to encounter more
terrible than the armed legions of the South, a foe
against which neither military skill nor personal
prowess will avail.
The disease and pestilence of the South, to
which our northern soldiers may prove ready vic-
tims, may yet teach us that it is best not to drive
the slave from our lines or withhold from him
that freedom which it is now in our power to ^ive.
I place the power of Congress to emancipate slaves
upon the fact of actual existing war. Hence the
opportunity to accomplish the destruction of the
system of slavery by congressional legislation
must pass away. It is given but to few men in
the history of nations to have the privilege to
accomplish so great and beneficent results as are
now within our power. If this golden opportu-
nity is now permitted to pass unimproved, we
shall be the guiltiest of nations. Ileietofore the
North has claimed exemption from the guilt of
slavery from the conceded want of power under
the Constitution, in time of peace, to interfere with
it in the States. Now it has that power, and with
it is devolved a responsibility it cannot evade.
When the Union shall be irretrievably lost, if it
shall everbe—when universal anarchy shall over-
whelm us all, as a possible result from the con-
tinuance of slavery—how bitterly shall we or our
children regret this misimproved opportunity!
"Millions of money for an inch of time," ex-
claimed the expiring queen; but all the wealth of
her realm could not purchase one moment's ex-
emption from the grave. Thus valuable to the
nation §f|d to the world is the narrow span of
time upon which we now stand. Already we have
accomplished much. The outlying Territories
of this Government arc never to be contaminated
by the sweat of a slave. This Capitol no longer
overshadows the place where he is sold, and the
Army and Navy are no longer to aid his return
as a fugitive. Pass the two bills under consider-
ation into laws, and thus give at once a final blow
to slavery and the rebellion, and future genera-
tions will rise up and call you blessed.
Sir, the loyal people of this Union have been
terribly and fearfully in earnest in their efforts to
put down this rebellion, and to save to themselves
and to the world this experiment of free govern-
ment. No suffering or sacrifice has been too great
for them in this holy cause. As an entire free-
will offering to the old flag, emblazoned with a
thousand glorious and hallowed memories, they
have enabled the Government, without a single
draft or conscription, without foreign aid, or a
single dollar loaned from other than its own citi-
zens, to put into the field in an almost incredibly
short lime an army which, for numbers and ma-
terial, the world has never seen equaled. They
have given the pride and flower of their youth,
the vigor of their manhood, their brightest sons
of genius, eloquence, and learning, to save that
Union which was baptized in the fire and blood of
theRevolution. Manyanorthern homeisstricken
and desolate to-day, many a mother, wife, and
sister are, like the widows of Ashur, "loud in
their wail" at the loss of loved ones upon the san-
guinary fields of this war, where, by their valor,
whether in defeat or victory, they have redeemed
their fall. Tho stern and sturdy sons of the North
have silenced or put to ridicule the anogant and
insolent taunts of the self-styled chivalry, that
they wore inferior in spirit and courage. They
have shown to traitors and the world that they
can and will fight in defense of the sacred cause
of constitutional liberty, and that upon whatever
field or at whatever sacrifice, they can and will
maintain tho existence and integrity of the Re-
public. The victories of Drainesvilfa, Roanoke,
Winchester, Henry, Donelson, Shiloh, and Wil-
liamsburg, have wiped out the stigma of previous
defeats, while the triumphs ofthe Navy have been
so brilliant and astonishing as to arrest the atten-
tion ofthe world, and to surpass even the splen-
dor of its ancient renown. In the progress of
these great events the nation has lost some of the
best and brightest of its sons. Eilswoi th, Win-
throp, Slocum, Tillinghast, Cameron, Lyon,
Baker, Lander, and Ellis have sealed their devo-
tion to their country with their lives, and their
names now are among the nation's treasured
jewels.
il There is a tear for all that die,
A mourner o'er the humblest eiave;
But nations swell the tuneral cry,
And tiiumpli weep3 above the brave.
ic For them is soirow's purest sigh
O'er ocean's heaving bosom sent;
In vain their bones unburied lie,
All caitii becomes lljeir monument."
Such have been some of the sublime efforts and
sacrifices which the loyal people of the nation
have made to maintain the supremacy of thelaws
and preserve the union of these States. And yet,
now, when we seem to be on the eve of complete
success, when the rebel horde arc stimulated only
by the expiring energies of despair, there are those
in this Hall who counsel compromise with men
who even yet deride and contemn the very thought
of reconciliation. In return for the alacrity with
which the people of the North rallied to the sup-
port of the Government in the hour of its direst
need, they have a right to demand that this war
shall not cease until—
" The last armed foe expires,"
or yields unconditional submission to the laws,
and that the great criminal which caused all this
woe shall share the fate of the rebellion itself, or
be put in the course of ultimate extinction.
I know that the people I represent are united,
almost to a man, in this just demand. They are
willing to be taxed, and, if need be, to still give
the loved ones of their household to suppress this
rebellion; but when it is done, they desire that it
shall be well and finally done, and that slavery,
with all its long train of wrongs and horrors, shall
cease to corrupt and weigh down the energies of
the Republic, or disgrace the civilization of the
age. Then, when the Union is restored, and the
desolate track of war is made to blossom beneath
the cultivating hand of free labor and the influence
of free schools, we may look forward to a career
of national prosperity that shall surpass all the
past,"and teach the world the value and stability
of free governments and republican institutions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 ask the consent of the
House that thegentleman's time may be extended.
I objected to such an arrangement in the outset,
but inasmuch as a large portion of his time has
been taken up by others, I think it is but fair that
his time should be extended.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 object.
Mr. MALLORY obtained the floor.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask the gentleman to give
way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. M ALLORY. I prefer to go on with what
I have to say.
Mr. MALLORY addressed the House for an
hour and a quarter upon the bill. [His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. GURLEY, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o 'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 22, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of citizens of Olena, Huron county, Ohio, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi liver; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a law estab-
lishing a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to present a peti-
tion of one hundred and sixty-nine citizens of
Maiyland, protesting against the law abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia, and praying
for its immediate and unconditional repeal. They
also state that in many instances slaves have es-
caped into the District of Columbia, and have
been detained by officers of the Government, and
all efforts to reclaim them have been frustrated
by the active and open opposition of persons rep-
resenting themselves to be officers of the Govern-
ment; they therefore pray that the act known as
the fugitive slave law may be fully enforced, or
so amended as to secure to them the safe recovery
of such slaves as may escape. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. CLARK. I have received a petition from
a citizen of my State which I am requested to read
or to have read to the Senate, and as I have read
it over and can read it perhaps more readily than
those who have not, 1 will read it myself, with
the permission of the Senate:
Concord, New Hampshire, May 19, 1862.
To the honorable Senate and Houcc of Representatives in
Congress assembled:
Gentlemen : I was a soldier m the war of 1812. and when
this wicked tebellion broke out I had one only son, nine
teen yeaisof ass, who was nivsolc dependence and my
onlv s>uppoit. He was near and dear to me. He enlisted
in the Atmv, and now lie id killed by the wicked enemy,
and my onlv hope and dependence is taken away, and I
have no means to trot a living. I am poor and advanced
m yeai^.and unless Congie^ will appropriate something for
j me, I and my wife shall have tos-peml oni remaining days m
| a solitary poor-house. The loss of my son is as uiueli asl
i can beat, and to go to the poor-house is too much for my
| feeble hea th to undergo. And now your humble seivant
; prays that jon will do something for our suppoit through
! lift-, since f have spent my all for my country'* good, and
