1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
so, I say James H. Lane never took the oath of
office. There is no evidence that he ever did. I will
call the attention of the Senator from Connecticut
to the very testimony which he has furnished here.
General Lane wasappointed as a brigadier general
of the volunteer forces. What is your record?
Not that he took the oath as a brigadier general
of volunteers, but he went and took the oath of a
brigadier in the Armyofthe United States. There
was a singular looseness about all this matter. I
do not wish to play a game of sharps like this; I
do not make or put any force on this point; but I
merely suggest it to show the irregularity of this
whole proceeding. There is no doubt that James
H. Lane intended to take the oath as brigadier of
the volunteer forces; I suppose that he thought
he did; I do not know but that he thinks now
that he did; but the record which they produce
here shows a different thing. He, however, does
not wish, I presume, to take advantage of that;
I certainly do not for him, bccausc I do not be-
lieve his case needs any such thing; but I will
read this.record to show what was done. Let
Senators bear in mind that this form of oath was
given him by the Secretary of War: " subscribe,"
says he, " the form of oath which I send you."
He had notified him that he was appointed a brig-
adier in the volunteer forces; he sent him a form
of oath, and asked him to sign it. Now let us
see what the form was. Here is the justice's cer-
tificate:
i, John D. Clark, justice of the peace in and for Wash-
ington county, Di^tuct of Colutnbui, clo hereby certify that
on or about the 23th day of June last, Geneial James II,
Lane swore to and subset ibed the form of the within oath
before me, which I dulv certified and delivered to bun.
Given uudar my hand this 13th Julv, 1861.
J011N D. CLA11K, J. P.
This is the form of oath:
i, James H. Lane, appointed a brigadier general in the
Army of the United Sutes, do solemnly swear, or afFitm,
that I will beat true allcgiance to the United States of
America; and that f will seive them honestly and faithfully
against all their enemies or opposers whatsoever, and ob-
serve and obey the orders of the President of the United
States, and the orders of the, ofticcrs appointed over rae,ac-
coiding to the rules and aitieles for the government of the
armies of the United States.
He took no oath as brigadier general of the
volunteer forces. I mention it to show the irreg-
ularity with which this whole thing went on. The
President wrote a note to the Secretary of War
that " we had better appoint " him. The Secre-
tary of War thereupon notified him that he had
been appointed brigadier general, and transmitted
to him u form of oath which happened to be that
for a brigadier of the Army. Lane took it to "put
it through," went to a justice of the peace, and
, subscribed it. That was all he did subscribe, and
he then published an address to the people of Kan-
sas; and on that you pretend to say—I do not
know that anybody pretends it, but the committee
report—that he is not entitled to his scat. •
Now, the point I make, Mr. President, 'is, that
here was no such intelligible, well-considered ac-
ceptance of that office as ought for a moment to bind
him; and that is all there is about itrf so far as the
oath is concerned. But they say he acted as brig-
adier. I do not know that he so acted, except it
may be in taking the oath. I contend that if there
are two sources of power on which his acts could
be based, he is at liberty himself to say on which
he did act. There was this appointment of him
as brigadier general of the volunteer forces; and
at or about the same time he received from the
Secretary of War an order to raise troops in Kan-
sas. When he got that order he at once published
his proclamation. The proclamation purports to
have been published on the 26th of June. You
might infer that it was written on the 26th of June,
and therefore you might say that James H. Lane
is not true when he says that he resigned his com-
mission the day after he took that oath, or about
that time. If he acted as brigadier on the 26th of
June, how is it that he resigned his commission,
if he had one, on the 22d? Why, this was the
state of facts: when he got his appointment he
determined atonce to issue his address. He wrote
his address the very day he got that pretended
appointment. He gave it to Mr. Weer, I think,
who was here, to carry it to Kansas and publish
it in the papers, before he had concluded to resign
and give up the office of brigadier. Mr. Wecr took
the address. I suppose Mr. Lane had then taken
the oath of office; I do not know how that was,
but Mr. Weer, at any rate, took the address and
appointment, and he went to Kansas and caused
that to be published in the papers in Kansas on
the 26th of June, three or four days after Mr.
Lane had determined not to accept the office, and
without knowing that he had refused to accept it.
That accounts for all that; but it makes very sig-
nificant another fact. James H. Lane, the Sen-
ator, says he never signed that address as briga-
dier. They do not say that he did; I do not un-
derstand that anybody pretends that he did.
Mr. STANTON, (contestant.) Mr. President,
if it is in order for me to reply to the question ad-
dressed to me by the gentleman, T should be very
glad to do so at this stage.
Mr. CLARIt. I should be glad certainly to
hear any suggestion. I did not address the con-
testant a question; but I will hear a suggestion.
Mr. STANTON, (contestant.) Thisaddressor
proclamation, as stated by Colonel Weer, was
written by General Lane in the city of Washington
and sent by Colonel Weer to Kansas. Colonel
Weer says that he signed it with the name of Gen-
eral Lane, and conceived that he was authorized to
do so. Hosays that General Lane was in the habit
of receiving the papers in which that proclamation
was published, and that he never contradictcd it or
disavowed it in any way whatever. When I came
to Washington city, on the 13th of July last, I
believe, T prepared a very briefstatement,and had
it printed, embodying the whole of that proclama-
tion, laid it before the Committee on the Judiciary,
at the door of the Senate sent a copy of it to the
sitting member, and requested him to state if the
facts contained therein were true or not. The
sitting member did not reply to that or make any
statement in regard to it, so far as 1 know, for
some three weeks afterwards—not until the com-
mittee had decided against him. Then it was that
he made a qualified denial of having issued that
addtess, three weeks after I had published it and
laid it before the committee of the Senate, and laid
it before himself; after it had been published in
most of the leading papers in the United States,
and when Colonel Weer, the agent of General
Lane, stated that he had authority, or believed he
had authority, to sign it, from General Lane, and
at the same time stated that ho had never heard
any contradiction or denial of it on the part of
General Lane. These are the circumstanccs with
regaid to that address.
Mr. CLARK. I am obliged to the contestant
for the statement. It confnms me in what I was
saying, and shows that I was in no point mis-
taken. Those are the facts as I understand them,
with the addition of what the gentleman now says
about his meeting the sitting Senator at the door
of the Senate Chamber, or at some door, of which
I know nothing 
Mr. STANTON, (contestant.) I said I sent a
copy from the door of the Senate, by one of the
doorkeepers, to the sitting Senator, and he admit-
ted afterwards before the committee that he had
received it.
Mr. CLARK. I say I am obliged to the con-
testant for that point, because I do not see that it
alters in any regard what I was saying. I said
that the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] wrote
the address at or before the time he resigned this
pretended appointment; that lie dispatchcd it by
Colonel Weer to Kansas; that he did not sign it
as brigadier; and I do not now understand the
contestant to contend that he did.
Mr. STANTON, (contestant.) His ao;ent
signed it as brigadier general by his authority,
as the agent conceived.
Mr. CLARK. 1 understand him to make the
point that Colonel Weer signed it as General
Lane's agent. If I were to admit that, I do not
think it would show any acceptance, because Mr.
Lane, the sitting member, wrote his address and
Mr. Weer took it before he had made up his mind
that he would not accept it; and he went, directly
after making up his mind, to the Secretary of War
and to General Scott and to the President, and no-
tified them that he would not accept it. It the
agent had authority,the principal had the right to
revoke it; and if he gave him this address, say on
Thursday, and he went away to Kansas on Fri-
day, and General Lane saw fit to lay down that
commission on Saturday, and say he would not
accept it, General Lane was not bound after that
by any acts of his agent. It was not an agency
irrevocable; it was an agcncy over which he had
full control.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas - With the consent of
the Senator from New Hampshire, I will read a
quotation from Mr. Weer's testimony.
Mr. CLARIC. I do got bnow that it is mate-
rial, but I have no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. " Lane saw the proc-
lamation at Washington before I started withit'to
Kansas, bijt (lid not sign it at a)!." I did not alga
it either as an individual or as brigadier general.
" What I did in the matter.of signing his name I'
did of my own motion."
Mr. CLARK. That would seem to indicate an
entirely new idea of agency. He says that Lane
did not sign it at all; he says he did it entirely of
his motion; that is, then, without being prompted
or authorized to do it by Lane.
But they say further, Mr. President—I want to
comment on these further acts of Mr. Lane for a
moment—that he mude requisitions for clothing
for the troops, and gave orders for mustering his
brigade. I know it very well; but in that he did
not act as brigadier; he acted under an entirely
different authority from the War Department. It
was given to him at the same time that this pre-
tended appointment was given him. In a letter
dated June 20,18G1, addressed to " G-eneralJaraes
II. Lane," the Secretary of War says:
"Tliis Department will accept two regiments for three
yeais or during the wnr, in addition to the three regiments
the Department lias already acceptcd fiom the Governor
of Kansas, to be raised and organized by you In Kansas."
Here was a distinct order from the War Depart-
ment for him to raise these two additional regi-
ments. He went on to raise them, under this order
from the Secretary of War; he did not raise them
as brigadier general, because if that was the idea,
why was the order given ? Now, I ask if you are
going to turn from the Senate all those gentlemen
wlio have been raising troops, what becomes of
my friend the Senator from New York, [Mr. Har-
ms,] who, I believe, has raised three regiments?
If Lane loses a seat for two, he ought to lose a
' seat and a half. [Laughter.] What becomes of
my friend the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, [Mr. Wils on,] who has raised a regi-
ment? What becomes of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] who baa raised two regiments
or more? What becomes of all of us who have
done all we could to advance the missing of regi-
ments? I think if wc should take from the Senate
all the Senators who have joined in efforts to put
down the rebellion, we should make as great a
i vacancy as was made when the other side went
out. You would not have many left to vote upon
disputed seats, I think.
General Lane acted under the authority af the
Secretary of War; and this is the point I make:
that being appointed brigadier, and acting under
that order of the Secretary of War, he had the
right to say under which he did act, and he is not
to be excluded from his seat therefor. So much
then, Mr. President, for the acceptance of the
office. I believe these remarks cover all the ground
in regard to the holding of the office. I think I
have shown that here was no office under the Uni-
ted States; I think I have shown that there was
no appointment to an office; I think I have shown
there was no acceptance of an office; I think I have
shown there was no holding of an office. Then,
sir, in God's name what was there? Nooffice,no
appointment, no acceptance, and no holding of it!
j Why then exclude him from the Senate? because
i he is estopped from denying all this ! Because he
' has helped to raise these regiments, and said 'he
wasabiigadier of volunteers, and somebody signed
his name to a paper; therefore he shall not be heard
to deny it! There is one thing, Mr. President,
very certain; if James H. Lane is estopped from
denying it, we Senators are not estopped from de-
nying it. We are the judges of the qualifications
of the members for holding their seats in this body;
and we are not estopped from saying that a man
who behaves so patriotically and so bravely iu this
hour of his country's need, when he chooses to
hold his scat, not holding an office which excludes
him under the Constitution, shall not be turned
out of the Senate for any such cause. I do not be-
lieve that he is estopped from denying it. As J
said before, the doctrine, of estoppel is odious; it
is more odious here than ever, when, he having
sought to serve his country in her hour of need,
you attempt to estop him and say ho shall not deny
but that he forfeited his scat thereby. The ques-
tion I would put, Mr. President, to every man is,
