1862.
THI OOMGRESSRWAL Gl/OBl.:
Now, Mr. President, if we could get at his.
mother, wife, and children, if we could lay our
bands upon them, it might be well enough in some
cases to turn them loose and set them free; in
other cases it might be well enough to do it, and
we might not have power to do it, and could not
do it without what I conceive to be a gross-vio-
lation of our constitutional duties.
It may not unfrequently happen that a man or
boy of African descent, who would be impressed
into the service and used by the President, as he
could be at any time under this provision, and
applied to the use of the Government, might be-
long to a rebel, while his mother, wife, and chil-
dren belonged to as loyal a man as you or I, sir.
I say that might not unfrequently happen; but
whether it was frequent or not, if it happened in
a solitary instance in all the United States, that
one instance of its happening ought to be enough
to induce us to make the amendment I have pro-
posed.
More frequently than otherwise the same person
who owned the man or boy contemplated by the
bill would notown either the mother, the wife, or
the children, or, owning the mother, would not
probably own the wife and children of the man or
boy. If the mother, wife, and children are the
property of a loyal citizen, in my judgment we
have no right, no power under the Constitution, to
legislate in regard to them all, as is contemplated
by this section. We have no power, by our legis-
lation, to invade the sovereignty of a State, to go
into a State and overthrow this institution, any
more than we have the right to go there and over-
throw any other domestic institution, which is
the peculiar subject of State legislation, and over
which the General Government has no power or
control.
If it be true, as I have suggested, that the moth-
er, wife, and children, or the mother, wife, or chil-
dren, any of them, was the property of a loyal
citizen, I put it to Senators, with all possible re-
spect and with all possible kindness, to say, in
view of our duties to the Government, consisting
as it does of the geneial or central Government
and the State governments, whether from the
mere fact of seizing the man or boy, the property
of a rebel and traitor, we acquire any power to
manumit the slaves of loyal persons; and whether,
if we can exercise the power to emancipate the
mother, wife, and children, or any one of them,
under such circumstances as these, they being the
property of a loyal person, they being held by
that loyal person under the laws of the State
where that loyal person resides—whether, if we
can do that, there is any barrier or any impedi-
ment to a law universally emancipating all the
slaves in all the States of the Union r It is not a
question to what extent power may be pushed. It
is a question of the existence of the power. If it can
be shown to exist to any extent, it exists to every
possible extent and maybe pushed to every pos-
sible extent; and we should have the same power
to emancipate ail thj? slaves in all the States that
we should have to emancipate the mother, wife,
and children of the boy or man thus employed;
assuming that that mother, wife, and children were
the property of a loyal citizen of any one of the
Stales of this Union, whether that State be in re-
bellion against the Government or not; that is,
whether that State has adopted an ordinance of
secession or not. Whether the State has or has
not adopted an ordinance of secession, should
have and can have no possible effect upon the
status of the loyal citizens who may still be in that
Scale. They stand to the General Government in
piecisely the same relation that they would stand
to it if the State had never seceded. They arc en-
titled to all the protection of the Constitution and
laws of the General Government precisely to the
same extent that they would be entitled if their
State had never seceded or assumed to secede; and
the fact that a State has seceded or attempted to
seeode, gives us no more authority over a loyal
citizen and his property in that State than we pos-
sess over the persons and property of loyal citi-
zens in the mo3t loyal State of the Union.
Mr. President, there is no possible good that I
can perceive which will result from retaining in
the section the words that I propose to strikeout.
Assume that the mother, the wife, and children
are the property of a disloyal man, a rebel, a man
in^arms against the Government; will their con-
dition be at all affected by retaining these words
if we do nothing more? No, sir; they will'be as
much slaves after we have pas#d this law as they
are slaves before we pass it. Iti&not your paper
declarations that is either to cOtfpFscate the prop-
erty or to emancipate the slaves of rebels. It is
marching;with your Army, and by the strong hand
of war seizing holdof the property, taking it from
their possession, and appropriating it to the uses
of the Government, that constitutes confiscation
and emancipation, and not mere declarations in
the form of a resolution or law'enacted by us here;
because, after we have passed it, if they are the
property of a rebel, and in the possession of a
rebel, they are just as much slaves as they were
before we passed it. If they are not the property
of a rebel, then we'ought not to pass it; we have
no right to emancipate them; we have no power
to emancipate them. We cannot legislate for the
emancipation of the slaves of loyal citizens in the
States until we have ourselves ignored the author-
ity of the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
I do not desire to detain the Senate, but thought
it proper that the attention of the Senate should be
called to this section, and that this amendment
should be made in it. I could not vote for that sec-
tion of the bill as it stands, because it does assume
the power on our part by a law of Congress to
emancipate the slaves of loyal citizens of States
of this Union, and I cannot vote for anything that
recognizes that principle. I believe all Senators,
of whatever shade of opinion—even the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner]—have de-
clared, in the most explicit terms, that, under the
Constitution of the United States, Congress pos-
sesses no power by any act of ours to emancipate
the slaves in the States, or to interfere with the
status of slavery in the States. I do not suppose
that any one contends that Congress, by a mere
act of legislation, may go into thaStates, invade
the States and all its laws, and overthrow an in-
stitution that is peculiarly a local one, existing by
local law, created by local law, sustained by local
law, deriving its very life and essence from local
law, never under the protection of the laws of the
Union or the control of the laws of the Union. If
we begin by an assertion of the- principle, how
long will it be before we east off all restraint, all
covering, all pretexts, and go boldly to the work
and pass a law for the emancipation of all the
slaves in the country? For if we can do it in a sin-
gle instance, we can do it in all instances.
The first section of this bill, as I have already re-
marked, provides for nothing more than could have
been done last week, and could bo done to-day by
the authority of the Government. We should
haidly think we were making a valuable use of our
time if wc should spend it in enacting laws authoriz-
ing the President whenever he thought proper to
impress the wagons and teams of either disloyal or
loyal men, and apply them to the uses of the Gov-
ernment. It matters not whose property itis. The
powers that conduct the war have as much right
to take the slaves of loyal men for the purposes
of the Government, the necessities of the war, as
the slaves of disloyal men. No loyal man will
object to it. Our friends around us from the bor-
der States have announced to us to-day that they
will make no objection to it when the necessities
of the war require it. When the exigencies of the
times demand it your commanders may go as they
have gone, seize upon the slaves of the loyal or
disloyal and put them to such uses as may for the
time being be needful and valuable, and nobody
objects to it. But, sir, that is a totally different
thing from our assuming to enact laws for the man-
umission of slaves. It does not matter whether
your law is for the manumission of one, 01 a thou-
sand, or a million slaves; the principle is identi-
cally the same.
But, sir, I was remarking that no one would
suppose we were making a valuable use of our
time if we were to spend it in enacting laws au-
thorizing the President to impress the wagons,
the teams, the cattle, the horses, the mules, any-
thing and everything for the service of the Army.
We might do it, just as we are passing this bill;
butaflerwe haddoneit, the President would pos-
sess no more power than he had befoie; the act
would be merely declaratory; and it has never en-
tered into the conception of any man, I appre- ;
hend, that it was necessary to pass such a law.
Nor would it have been deemed necessary to pass
this law if it were not*rhat the subject to which
it relates is that si^bj^ot upon: which the public
mind is more excitable, more' inflammable, than
upon any other one or all subjects that have ever
agitated this country.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question.
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly. \
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What would freedom
be worth to you if your mother, your wife, and
your children were slaves ? Again, does not this
bill provide expressly, by the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri, that if the
mother, the wife, and the children belong to loyal
persons, those loyal persons are to be remuner-
ated by the General Government; and without
such an amendment, under the laws as they now
exist, cannot the loyal slaveholder obtain from
the Government damage for the loss of his slave,
just as the Senator and I could for the loss of our
horses or mules or wagons ?
Mr. BROWNING. I will endeavor to answer
in a very few words the question which the Sen-
ator has propounded. I do not desire to consume
much of the time of the Senate. I say, in the first
place, that it would detract very greatly from the
value of life with me, if it did not totally destroy
it, to have my mother, my wife, and children in a
state of hopeless bondage. I am no more the friend
or the advocate of slavery than the Senator from
Kansas—not a bit more. I loathe and detest the
institution as much as he or any other man does.
But, sir, neither my hostility to slavery, nor to
any other institution that the passions or cupidity
of men ever invented, shall make me faithless to
my obligations to the Constitution of my country.
It is not a question as to whether slavery is a good
thing or a bad thing, or whether it would be pain-
ful or otherwise to me to have the members of my
own household in bondage. That is not the ques-
tion. It is a question of power under the Consti-
tution and the oaths that we have taken—not only
before the world, but before that higher tribunal
to which we are all responsible for what we,do—
to uphold and maintain it. Without any sort of
feeling on the subject, permit me to ask the Sen-
ator whether in his opinion this Congress, under
the Constitution of the United Slates, has an atom
of power to pass laws for the emancipation of
slaves in the Stales of the Union ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can imagine a case
like this, and I think we shall "find thousands of
them at the close of this rebellion, under this law,
believing that it will pass: a slave is enlisted in
the service of his country; he fights bravely and
gallantly, as I believe, as bravely, as gallantly,
and as skillfully as the white man—and 1 take this
occasion to say that the statement of the Senator
from Missouri, that the slaves of Missouri are not
used to the gun, is a mistake, to say the least of
it; the slaves that 1 saw in Missouri were skill-
ful in the use of the gun; and I had twelve hun-
dred of them at one time within my brigade—but
to continue my illustration: after this war is over,
a soldier, perhaps covered with sears, his mother,
wife, and children around htm, having escaped, or
their masters escaped from them, arc in Washing-
ton city. I say that the Government that would
restore that mother, that wife, and those children
to slavery after that father and husband has been
covered with wounds in defense of the country,
deserves to be damned. God himself would turn
his face against a Government that would commit
a crime like that. Let me tell the Senator from
Illinois, the bill provides that if the mother, wife,
and £hildrcn belong to a loyal person, he is to get
remuneration from the Government, as the Sen-
ator or I would for our property. I deny that this
Government cannot take the slaves of the loyal
and the disloyal, and that they are estopped from
making any use of them that they choose for the
suppression of this rebellion; and having made
use of them, 1 say it would be a crime before God
to return them to slavery.
Mr. BROWNING. I did notask for a speech.
I ought not perhaps, however, to complain that
the Senator has availed himself of the occasion to
make one. I listen to him now, as I do on all oc-
casions, with pleasure. It is always a pleasuieto
hear him talk; but it would have been more satis-
factory to me on this occasion, if instead of giving
us the eloquent speech to which ho has treated the
Senate, he had given an answer to the question I
asked him. The Senator totally forgot that I had
asked him a question. He made no response what-
