294
THE CONGRESSIONAL txLOBE.
January 13,
did he, understanding the facts, intend to give up
his seat? Did he not, the moment he found lie
could not hold both, or was told he could not hold
both which I contend he might have done—at
once say, " I will not hold the office?"
But, Mr. President, be these things as they say
if they choose, be it that he was appointed briga-
dier general of the volunteers on the 20th of June,
be it that lie took the oath of office, be it that that
was an office under the United States, be it that
he acted under it, he refused to accept it before
he took his seat in the Senate, and therefore does
not forfeit his seat. The language of the Con-
stitution is plain; the decisions are all one way,
and here I might appeal to Senators in behalf of
a man so earnestand patriotic; but I shall make no
appeal except to their judgment and legal opinion
upon the Constitution and law, and if, under-
standing the Constitution and law, they can decide
that the sitting member from Kansas is not entitled
to his seat, 1 am content with their decision, and
bow in submission thereto.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Foster] has presented the objections to
the seat of General Lane ingeniously and ably;
but I must confess frankly that he has failed to
satisfy me. I could not resist the brief butdecisivo
statement of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] to which we listened the other day; and
the ampler argument of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] to which we have lis-
tened to-day, seems to leave little more to be said.
I shall follow him without adding to the argu-
ment.
Without considering the case minutely, I shall
content myself with briefly touching two points,
either of which will be sufficient to secure his pres-
ent seat to General Lane.
X. At the time when the military commission
was received from the Pirsident, General Lane
was simply Senator cloct from Kansas, and not
actually Senator. This cannot be questioned.
Until he took the oath at your chair, sir, lie was
Senator in title only, but not in function. It is
true, he already exercised the franking privilege;
but this he will also exorcise months after his term
expires. But the franking privilege was all that
he possessed of the senatorial functions. On this
point I read what is said by Mr. Cushing, in his
elaborate work on the Law and Practice of Legis-
lative Assemblies, page 103:
" Sec. 2. Rcfusalto qualify-—One who is returned a mem-
ber of a legislative assembly, and a^minis a scat iu such,
is bound to take the oath<> inquired of him, and perform
such act1' as may bo ncees-Miiy to qualify him, if any, to dis-
charge the duties of hi* uflicu. If a mcrubei clect lofuisos
to qualify, lie will b" disc-hailed from being a member, with
mote or ie-s obloquy, or none at all, aecoulmg to the cir-
cumstances ot liis ease; hut lie cannot be expelled, because
he cannot its yet discharge the duties of .i member."
It is clear that the member elect is not invested
with the office until he has been qualified by taking
the oath. If illustration of this rule be needed, it
will be found in the Parliamentary History of
Great Britain. It appears that, soon after the revo-
lution of 1688, two persons returned as members
refused to take the oaths, and were discharged.
But there is a historic precedent almost of our own
day. As the long contest for Catholic emancipa-
tion in Great Britain was drawing to a close, Mr.
O'Connell was elected by the county of Clare to
a seat in Parliament. Presenting himself at the
bar of the House of Commons, he refused to take
the oath of supremacy, which was then required of
all members. He was heaid at the bar in support
of his claim: but the House resolved that lie was
not entitled to sit. or vote unless he took the oath
of supremacy; and, as he persisted in his refusal,
a writ was issued for a new election. Still later
the same question has been presented m the case
of Baron Rothschild, the eminent banker of the
Jewish persuasion, who, when eiectcd as repre-
sentative for the city of London, refused to take
the oaths required, and on this account was kept
out of his seat until what is known as the Jew-
ish disabilities bill became a lav/. The conclusion
is irresistible that, until the oath was taken, General
Lane had not entered upon his functions as Sen-
ator; and here the argument of the Senator from
Connecticut, with regard to the effect of the oath,
is strictly applicable. An oath in public, at your
chair, sir, which becomes at once of record and
seals the acceptance of an office, is very different
from the informal oath taken in private at a dis-
tance, before a local magistrate, which is in the
nature of an escrow until it is recorded in the proper
department.
2. Even if General Lane had been a Senator,
invested with the functions of the office, and com-
pletely qualified by taking the necessary oath,it
is still clear that the military duties he had under-
taken did not operate as a resignation. And hero
I remark that, when it is proposed to unseat a
Senator, to deprive-him of a place in this body—
I might almost say to deprive him of his rank—
the evidence must be complete. It must be ac-
cording to that old phrase of the common law,
"certainty to a certain intent in every particu-
lar." If there be any doubt, either in the law or
the/act, the interpretation should be in his favor.
But this case requites no such interpretation. It
is true that General Lane had entered upon cer-
tain military duties, but he had assumed no mili-
tary office under the Constitution of the United
States. Colonel Brikor, a late lamented member
of this body, had assumed military duties also.
Like General Lane, he, too, had come forward at
the summons of the President. It is true that
Colonel Baker acted professedly under a commis-
sion from aState. General Lane has latterly acted
under a similar commission; but at the moment
in question he was acting under certain informal
and extra-constitutional proceedings of the Pres-
ident, rendered necessary by the exigencies of the
hour. The President, by proclamation, under-
took to organize an army. He called for volun-
teers, and also for additions to the regular Army.
All approved this patriotic act. But I am at a loss
to understand how it can be supposed that this
proceeding can be made effective to oust a Senator
of his seat. The act of the President was proper,
just, and patriotic; but cleaily,and beyond all
question, it needed the sanction of Congress in order
to be completely legal. Without such sanction,
the Army must have drawn its breath from the
proclamation alone, and every commission must
have been merely a token of presidential confi-
dence, liable to be defeated, first, by the failure of
Congress to sanction the proclamation; and, sec-
ond, by the refusal of the Senate to advise and
consent to the nomination. It was only when
the act of 22d July was passed that the President
was authorized to appoint new brigadier generals.
Then it was, for the first time, that a legal addition
•\?as made to the national Army, and that this
very office was legally created which General
Lane ischarged with accepting some time in June.
I do not forget the retroactive statute passed on
the last day of the session, declaring that all the
acts and proclamations and orders of the President
are approved and in all respects legalized and
made valid, to the same intent and with the same
effect as if they had been issued and done under
the previous express authority and direction of
Congress. The clause in the Constitution against
cx post facto laws has been restrained byjudioial in-
terpretation to criminal mat tors ;butl doubt if even
this much-questioned interpretation of this clause
would sanction such a retroactive effect as is now
proposed. This, atleast, I do know: the Senate is
the judge, withoutappeal,with regard to the seats
of its members, and I am sure it will not under-
take to unseat a Senator by a strained application
of an cx post facto statute.
The conclusion is twofold: First, that at the
time in question General Lane was not a Sena-
tor; and, secondly, that at the time in question lie
was not a brigadier. The whole ease is unreal.
It is a question between an imaginary Senator and
an impossible brigadier; or rather, it is a question
whether an imagined seat in this body was lost by
any acls under an impossible military commis- 1
sion. The seat of the Senator did not become a i
reality until some days after General Lane is sup-
posed to have vacated it, and the military com- i
mission did not become a possibility until several !
weeks after General Lane had abandoned it. I
Of course, with this view of the law on theso -
two decisive points, it becomes entirely unneces- :
sary to consider the multifarious and indefinite j
evidence with regard to what General Lane did in i
the way of accepting his military commission; i
because nothing that he did, nothing that he could i
do, under that impossible commission j would oper- !
ate legally in the present case. !
Mr.TENEYCK. I do not at this time propose I
to extend this discussion. I do not think 1 could 1
add anything to the very able and satisfactory ax*- j
gument, to my mind at Icarst, submitted by the '
Senator from Connecticut, who made this report
in behalf of the majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary; and when I have nothing to say it has
generally not been my practice to take up the time
of the Senate with bare repetition.
I take a different view of this case" from a case
to be argued in a court of law, according to strict
technicalities,although I admit we are to be bound
by law and to act somewhat in the capacity of
judges; yet still I think we should view this case
in a broader way.
I think it was Bishop Berkeley—at any rate it
was he or some one else—who held that there was
nothing real, that every thing existed in imagina-
tion, that a man was not a man but only seemed
to be a man, and that a post was not a post but
only seemed to be a post; and the theory of Ber-
keley was so strong that he could not be convinced
even by bringing his person in violent contact
with a post. He had the evidence of his senses,
but still his theory prevailed.
The sitting Senator from Kansas was appointed
a brigadier general in the Army of the United
States, not a State commission, but in the Army
of the United States, by the President of the Uni-
ted States. Pie took the oath of office as such. In
a document, the body of which he admits was
framed by him, and published in Kansas, although
he did not sign his name to it as brigadier gen-
eral—he authorized it to be signed—it is stated
that he was duly appointed a brigadier genera], for
it says, " on the 20th instant I was duly appointed
a brigadier general in the volunteer force of the
United States." He made requisitions upon the
Department for the service. He proceeded to
Kansas and commanded a brigade which had been
raised in his name under the publication of docu-
ments describing him as a brigadier general. He
was obeyed both by officers and men as such.
He, I believe, or his brigade,fought battles; cer-
tainly they rescued the State of Kansas from
armed rebellion. He covered his name with ho nor,
and his praise is in the mouth of all men. And
yet still he was not a brigadier general; it is only
an imagination, a myth, an idea, a dream.
But ft is said there was no such office. If so,
there was no such Army of the United States
as was oiganizcd and came, as the Senator from
Connecticut said the other day, "as the winds
come" for the protection of this capital. If there
was no such office, there was no such Army, and
the war for this Union was an imagination, a
myth, and a dream, up to the 4th day of July
last.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask leave to say
a very few words upon this interesting case. As
it is a case that will probably pass into precedent,
it has some interest. I think with the learned
gentleman from New York who addressed the
Senate a few days ago, [Mr. Harris,] that the
ca?o is .confined to a very narrow limit, and that
there is but one provision of the Constitution of
the United States that bears upon the question.
I will read that provision, as the honorable gen-
tleman did: ♦
u No Senator or Ilepiescntative shall, during the time for
winch he was clectcd, be appointed to any civil office under
the authouty of the United Sfite?, which shall have been
created, or the emoluments wheieof shall have been in-
creased duungsuch time ; and 110 person holding any office
undci the Uni'ed States shall bo a member of either House
during In? continuance in office
I agree with the learned gentleman from New
Yoik, that to bring the case of the honorable
Senator from Kansas within the interdict of this
clause three things are necessary: first, there must
be an office; second, he must have accepted that
office; and third, the office must be incompatible
with his seat as a Senator in this body. Now,
sir, the reading of this clause m the Constitution
obviates entirely the argument which was made by
the learned gentleman from Massachusetts a few
minutes ago. Pic assumes, as the gentleman from
^ New Hampshire did, that this clause did not lake
1 effect upon the Senator from Kansas until ho had
! qualified as a Senator—until he had taken his oath
! in this body as a member of it. That is not the
provision of the Constitution. The Constitution
says "no Senator or Representative shall,duiitig
the time for which he was elected," &c. Now,
sir, what was the term for which the Senator from
Kansas was elected ? I humbly conceive that that
form dated and had its beginning from the time of
his election by the Legislature of that State; that
from that time he bccamc entitled to the franking
