2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
proposed to take up a bill during the morning
hour giving to sovereign States the right of enter-
ing land within sovereign States. Yes, sir, under
the provisions of this bill, South Carolina, when
she comes back into the Union, may hold land
scrip to enter the lands of Kansas, and all she has
to do 
Mr. WAD^. I believe I will try once more
the question of order, whether a motion to take
up a bill does really open the whole merits of it
to discussion, or whether it is practicable to make
a rule upon that subject. Such debate leads to
great delay. I suppose reasons may be given why
it should not be taken up, and I do not know but
that it opens the whole subject to discussion. If
it does, 1 have no objection; but it strikes me that
it should not, and we should pass upon taking it
up without a full argument on its merits, and so
the rule of order has been understood, 1 believe.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was endeavoringto
give a reason why this bill should not be taken
up during* the morning hour. I desire to say, for
the benefit of the Senator from Ohio 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Ohio desires the opinion of the Chair on the ques-
tion, it is the duty of the Chair to give it.
Mr. WADE. I wish the opinion of the Chair
upon it that we may understand it; all of us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that the merits of a bill are not open
to discussion upon the question of proceeding to
its consideration; but brief reasons, involving a
general statement why the Senate should not pro-
ceed to the consideration of a bill, are legitimate.
The merits of the bill itself are not debatable, be-
cause the bill is not before the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
discuss the merits of this bill, but I desire to say,
for the benefit of the Senator from Ohio, that under
its provisions the Legislature of Virginia receiv-
ing, say two hundred thousand acr^s of land, can
transfer their certificates of entry to the manumit-
ted slaves ofVirginia, and send into Kansas those
manumitted slaves to enter hind within our hot tier.
So far as the people of Kansas are concerned, we,
I think, have as much philanthropy as the people
of any other State; but I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, arid to the country, that the peo-
ple of Kansas are opposed to the .settling of free ne-
groes within our borders. Kansas desires, above
all other things, that the white and the colored
races may be separated, and widely separated.
The Senator from Ohio, in the morning hour, pro-
poses to pass a bill winch gives to the State of Vir-
ginia, to the State of Maryland, to the State of
South Carolina, and to every slave State in the
United States land scrip which may be entered by
manumitted slaves in the State that I have the
honor in part to represent. All the Suite has to
do is to assign the land scrip, and here come then-
manumitted slaves; or supposing they hold the
scrip and sell it to speculators, the land of Kan-
sas is then held by non-residents, and as I stated
yesterday, there is no greater misfortune that can
be inflicted upon a State than to have lands held
in large quantities by non-residents. The Sen-
ators from Iowa are aware of the truth of what I
state. I have traveled an entire day in the State
of Iowa over lands held by non-residents, and
where there was no school-house, and the roads
could not be worked. Your bill proposes to give
ten millions of acres of land to non-residents, that
may be held by non-residents.
Mr. GRIMES. What part of the State of Iowa
was that in?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It was in the western
partof the State. I matched one entire day 
Mr. GRIMES. It was a very slow march.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It was the march of
an army. It was the march of an army for free-
dom. It was some fifteen or twenty miles, and
there was not a house. I inquired the reason, and
was told, I think, that the Governor himself, Gov-
ernor Grimes, owned a portion of the land.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. He is a resident.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Nota resident of that
portion of the State. My recollection is, that I
was told that a large body of the land upon the
river was held by Governor Grimes himself, non-
resident so far as that portion of Iowa was con-
cerned. There is no greater nuisance, there is no
greater injury, that can be inflicted on a State than
to have the lands held by non-residents. Under
the provisions of your bill, ten millions of acres
of land may be thus held.
Mr. WILKINSON. I must appeal to the Sen-
ator from Kansas not to consume all the morning
hour in the discussion of this question, before it
is taken up. There are gentlemen all around me
who wish to otfer some resolutions.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am perfectly will-
ing to yield to anything else than this bill. I am
fighting for my State that which is of the deepest
interest to my State, as well as to the State of the
Senator from Minnesota. Anything else I am
willing to yield to, and shall gladly yield to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Kansas that there are other gentlemen
on this floor who, perhaps, feel as much interest
in this bill as he does.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. But they feel an interest
in something else besides. I shall oppose this bill;
for I think it is wiong, and I think when the time
comes we shall convince many who have been in
favor of it that it is wrong; but I doubt whether
it is the time now to discuss the merits of this
bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Ohio has just stated, in the hearing of the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, that a large majority of the
Senate are in favor of this bill.
Mr. WADE. I stated no such thing. I stated
that a former Congress passed the bill; that the
President vetoed it; and that my opinion was that
there was a majority in favor of it now. I do not
profess to know the opinions of one member that
has not expressed himself openly here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have been in the
habit of taking for granted everything the Sena-
tor from Ohio says. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. What is that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 have been in the
habitof takingforgrantcd that you know whereof
you speak; and when you expressed the opinion
that a large majouty of the Senate were in favor
of a bill, 1 took it as the woid of  
Mi. WADE. Take it just as I put it, and I
shall not dispute with you.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
dispute with you; hut I do propose, if possible, to
prevent the consideration of this bill during the
morning hour, because I say that the best inter-
ests of the State that 1 respresent are involved in
it; and i have a right here as a Senator of that State
to use all honorable means to defeat the bill. Yes,
sir, the very best interests of the State of Kansas
aie involved in your bill, and I stand here to re-
sist it at every step, to use every means that God
hat? given me to defeat it. Consider a biil of this
character at a time like this, when the country is
involved in war; to destroy a State that is doing
more to-day in proportion to her inhabitants than
any other State in this Union! To destroy her
by a bill; not giving time for Senators to consider.
It is, m my opinion, unjust.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Ohio to withdraw his motion, in
order to allow me to offer a resolution.
Air. WADE. I cannot consent to withdraw the
motion on threats here that the bill shall not be
passed upon. Is any one Senator to set up here
and threaten that lie will defeat this lull by talk-
ing it down, and every other way ? Itis not a way
to induce me to withdraw the motion. The Sen-
ate can pass upon it, and they may pass upon it
just as they please. I feel no more interest m this
bill than most of the Senators, I believe, but I do
not feel like withdrawing the motion. If the Sen-
ate see fit to give it the g'" -by, they may do so.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make this
statement of a personal character: I would like to
know with what sort 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Minnesota was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the permis-
sion of the Senator from Minnesota to make a
single remark.
Mr. WILKINSON. Not to consume all the
inoi ning hour.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It does look to me
very discourteous for the Senator from Ohio to
make such a charge as that against me. I ask
that Senator how mueh time I have occupied upon
the floor of this Senate. Not one minute to his
hour. No, sir, 1 have not troubled the Senate and
do not expect to trouble it, unless it is to protect
and defend the constituents who sent me here. I
appeal to my fellow Senators if the time I have
occupied this floor compares as one minute to an
hour with the Senator from Ohio. I do not pro-
pose to speak against time. I propose to ask Sen-
ators, when a bill affects my constituents fatally,
to take time to consider it—not to permit South
Carolina and Georgia to hold land scrip and to
locate it in Kansas, without considering the bill;
not to permit slave States to send their manumitted
slaves to Kansas without our consent.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Senator
from Kansas yield to the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I give up the floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not yield to the
Senator to reiterate the speech he made before. I
am opposed to this bill, and I hope when the
proper time comes to be able to convince the Sen-
ate, or a majority of them, that it ought not to
pass; but I am not disposed to interpose any un-
fair obstacles to its consideration. I hope this
motion will'he voted down now,becausc there are
but fifteen minutes of the morning hour to spare,
and I can see no advantage in taking it up now,
there has been so much of the time already ex-
hausted, and I wish to offer a resolution, and other
Senators also wish to offer resolutions.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not propose to discuss
the merits of this bill, but to say a very few words
in reply to the remarks of the Senator from Kan-
sas. Perhaps it is just that I should do so, as tliis
bill was reported back favorably from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, of which I am chairman.
I think it will require but a few moments to show
that the bill is not an unfair bill, and that it will
notgreatly damage the newStates,and that, more-
over, it will work no peculiar disadvantage or
wrong to the State of Kansas. 1 think it can be
shown from the statutes as they now stand that
Kansas has not been illiberally dealt with, but has
been very liberally provided for in the way of pub-
lic lan'ds. I propose to show this at the proper
time; but I think myself that the ruling of the
Chair ought to be adhered to, and a vote taken
whether the Senate will now consider the bill. If
the Senate a°ree to consider the bill at this time,
I shall then ask to be heard five or ten minutes on
the mei its of the bill.
Mr. WADE. I only wish to say one word in
reply to what the Senator fiom Kansas said. He
stated that I had misconstrued his language. I
understood him to look at the clock, and to turn
to me very significantly and say that he would
use every advantage that the Almighty had put
into his hands for the purpose of defeating this
bill, and I did see that the course ho was pursu-
ing would have that effect if he persisted in it. I
thought that was what he meant.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said I would use
every honorable means to defeat the bill.
Mr. WADE. I did not suppose the Senator
would resort to anything dishonorable, nor do I
blame him for making every defense he can hon-
orably make against a bill which he thinks will
prejudice his constituents. I do not happen to
think it will. I think he is mistaken in supposing
this bill is new in principle. A great many of the
States, and I believe most of the free States, have
passed resolutions m their Legislatures instruct-
ing their Senators to go for this bill. I know a
great many of them have. The State I represent
has instructed my colleague and myself on the
subject, and 1 know otherSenators who are m the
same position. The bill is one in which the pub-
lic ha\e taken a very great interest, and when it
comes up on its merits I think it will be shown
that it does no injury to the people of Kansas. 1
believe the colleague of the Senator Irom Kansas
does not agree in opinion as to the prejudicial ef-
fect of this bill upon their constituents. I hope
the bill will pass, and 1 was in hopes we might
get a vote upon it in the morning hour. It is a
bill of great importance, I admit; and if it had
never been discussed here, if most of the free States
had not taken an interest in it, and instructed their
Senatoisand Representatives upon the subject,if
it was altogether new in principle, I should hardly
expect to get it through in the morning hour; but
I did believe it had been so long before the public,
the States mostly having acted upon it, and it be-
ing thoroughly understood by every Senator, that
it might as well be disposed of in the morning hour
