mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 10,
ever to it? be did not; hint at it, but availed himself
of tlfce occasion to make a speech. Now, if it is
perfectly agreeable to him, and if it is not I will
not insist upon it—I do not desire to do anything
that can be in the remotest degree considered as
discourteous or offensive—but if it is perfectly
agreeable to him, 1 would be glad if he would give
me a distinct and explicit answer to the question:
does he believe, does he maintain that, under the
Consstitetioft and laws of the United States, Con-
gress has any right, power, or authority to pass
a law for the emancipation of a single slave held
under the laws of any State of this Union?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 will undertake to
answer the Senator. I am as clear as I am of any
other proposition that it would be constitutional
for the Congress of the United States to pass a law
to-day directing the military authorities of this
country to emancipate every slave in every rebel-
lions State under the war power of the country.
Mr. BROWNING. That is where I wanted
the (Senator to come; and there is precisely where
we differ upon this floor. I impugn no man's mo-
tives. I scorn to avail myself of the privilege of
a Senator on this floor, to hurl at all others who
exercise the right of thinking for themselves and
differing with me the insulting charge that they
are therefore in sympathy with slavery and rebe-
llion, as if it were impossible for any man to be
true to his country or his God who dared to differ
with some other man in his opinion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I never did that in
my life:
Mr. BROWNING. I know you did not; but
there have been, repeatedly, imputations made
upon this floor. 1 question no man's motives; but,
sir,we now have the issue directly presented. I do
not question that gentlemen are sincerc and honest
in their views; but let us adopt their views, and
how long docs this Government stand? We will
accomplish in one bad hour what the rebels have
not yet accomplished in more than a year and never
can accomplish while the world stands—the over-
throw of this Government. While gentlemen dis-
claim any right and power under the Constitution
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States, regarded asa legislative body and in times of
peace, they still assert that in time ofwar Congress,
by some mysterious operation that no one has ex-
plained and no one can explain, acquires a power
it did not before possess to sweep out the institu-
tions of all the States if it chooses to do so; because
if it can sweep out one under the war power it can
sweep out any other. It is iust as easy to say that
Congress can declare that the growingof hempor
tobacco requires to be stopped as a military neces-
sity, and that Congress has the power to determ-
ine and enforce that necessity, as to say Congress
acquires a power to determine that the abolition
of slavery is a military necessity, and enforce that
necessity. When you begin to draw your pow-
ers of legislation from the disturbed and unsettled
condition of the country and not from the Con-
stitution, when yott cast the Constitution from
you, when you put it away from your sight, when
you bury it out of your sight and do not refer to
it and recur to it as the charter of our existence,
the Bourco of our powers, but step beyond it and
say we derive our powers from the disturbed con-
dition of the country; in other words, that treason
and rebellion, traitors and rebels, are the source
of our power, and not the Constitution that our
fathers made for us—where is the Government?
What conceivable act is there that passion or ca-
price or tyranny or despotism can suggest that we
may not perform under this claim of power, that
we derive from traitors and rebels and not from
the Constitution, to do anything and everything
tiiat the Constitution forbids, when we look to
that?
I am neither the advocate nor the defender of
slavery; b'ut, Mr. President, I trust as long as I
retain a seat on this floor, I trust as long as t am
entitled to claim the proud privileges of an Amer-
ican citizen, that God will continue to give me
courage and boldness enough fearlessly to avow
my sentiments of what the Constitution is, and to
live up-to my own judgment and convictions of
what my duty under it is.
The Senator from Kansas has admitted,and he
has done it with a perfect frankness that I admire,
just what I stated in the beginning of these few de-
sultory remarks, that if we can pass this section
as it is, we may pass the next hour a bill for the
emancipation of all the slaves in the Union. The
gentleman avows it) he says it is so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In States out of the
Union? &
Mr. BROWNING. Does the gentleman hold
that we have any more power over either persons
or property of loyal citizens in States that have
assumed to secede, than we have over persons
and property of citizens in States that have not
assumed to secede? Does he hold that?
Mr. LANE, of Ka'nsas. I do not like to be cat-
echised. I say, in all kindness to the Senator,
that I laugh to scorn the idea of extending consti-
tutional rights over a State and people who tram-
ple under foot that Constitution, and who are at
warto overthrowtbat Constitution. Theideaof
those States being in the Union is, to me, ridicu-
lous. The fact is, they are not only out of this
Union, butin another government. I havegiven
no weight, and I propose to give no weight, to
the idea that any one has the claim of constitu-
tional rights in those States that are out of the
Union, and fighting against the Constitution and
the Union.
Mr. BROWNING. It is one of the easiest
modes in the world of meeting an argument that
you cannot meet in any other way, to laugh it to
scorn. We have had a great deal of that sort of
argumentation here from time to time. It is the
best answer and the best argument that can be
made in reply to what I have suggested. What
I asked the Senator was not what we might do
with rebelaand traitors and those who repudiated
the authority of the Government. I do not intend
to be put, even by implication, on the record as
standing here and advocating any right, any priv-
ilege for rebels and traitors. I have never done
so heretofore. I will not be provoked into doing
so now. What I asked him was this: whether,
under the Constitution, we had any more power
over the persons and property of loyal men, men
recognizing their allegiance to the Government,
and living in support of the Government and rev-
erence of its Constitution and laws, whether we
had any more power over their persons and their
property because the State in which they chanced
to live had assumed to secede, than we had over
the persons and property of loyal men in the States
that had not assumed to secede? That was what
I asked him, and the reply is " laughter to scorn!"
I know the feelings of the Senator are as kind to
me as mine are toliim,and they could not beany
kinder; and I know he did not intend anything
offensive to me; but I will suggest to him, with-
out asking him, thatTennessee is one of the States
that assumed to secede from this Union. Ten-
nessee is nut of the Union as effectually as any
other State is out of the Union. None of them
are out of the Union. That is the bone of con-
troversy between us. They say they are'out of
the Union and we say they are not, and we have
gone on to the arbitrament of war to settle that
controversy between us. Now, it would bealittlc
ungracious in me to say that the Senator takes the
side of rebels and traitors, and says they are out
of the Union. I will not admit it. They are not
out of the Union. Tennessee is as much out as
any of them, if they are outat all. Are there no
loyal men in Tennessee? Have we the right to-
day to pass an act of Congress abolishing slavery
in Tennessee and manumitting the slaves of the
loyal people there? The Senator says we have
in every State that has assumed to go out of the
Union.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the permission
of the Senator from Illinois, 1 will say, a portion
of the people of Tennessee deny that they are out
of the Union; and I am willing to say, if it will
he gratifying to the Senator, that Tennessee is in
the Union. ThequestionofgoingoutoftheUnion
is with the people. Tlie people of Tennessee deny
that they are out of the Union; and I would be as
far as the Senator from Illinois from disturbing
the institutions of the State of Tennessee. But
here is South Carolina, without one voice to dis-
pute the proposition that they are outof the Union
and in the southern confederacy. So far as I am
concerned, I should feel that I was discharging the
highest duty to God and to my country if 1 should
say to South Carolina,"you shall notcomeback
into the Union unless you come back as a free
State, without one relic of the cause that induced
you to go out of the Union."
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I am sorry
to consume time; but I really'do not think it wasted
even when so humble an individual as I am oecU^
pies the floor, when F can provoke the gentleman
from Kansas to en-lighten us with his views-of con-
stitutional law occasionally. I am doing the coun-
try a service. I am- glad the Senator has changed,
his gsound. A Tittle while ago he derived the right
under the war power to pass a law to emancipate:
all the slaves in all the States that had seceded from
the Union.
Mr. LANErof Kansas, I want to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois'a question. Have not the peo-
ple of Tennessee overturned the confederate gov-
ernment ?
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, that was!
the ground upon which he placed it, that we got
the right from the fact that a State had seceded.
Tennessee had seceded. The gentleman concedes
that from her secession we derive no such power
of legislation over her and her citizens, and. wh>y f
Because a portion of the people of Tennessee are
opposed to secession. Bid not Virginia secede?
Was not a portion of the people of Virginia op-
posed to secession ? Are not a portion of the-
people of Virginia, a large and patriotic,a loyal,
a devotedly loyal- portion of the people of Vir-
ginia, opposed to secession to-day?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I will
ask the Senator from Illinois another question.
Mr. BROWNING. Well, sir,
TVIr. LANE, of Kansas. Suppose a joint reso-
lution should be introduced here to-morrow di-
recting the President of the United States to issue
his proclamation to the States now in rebellion,
against the Government, to lay down their arms-
within sixty daysr or that on. the refusal to lay
down their arms he would emancipate their slaves,,
and the Senator believed that the issuing of such-
a proclamation by the President would close this-'
rebellion, would he feel at liberty to vote against
such a resolution ?
Mr, HARLAN. It is very evident that this
discussion cannot be closed to-night, and. I will'
inquire of the Senator from Illinois if he will give
way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BROWNING. I have occupied three or
four times as much time as I expected to- do whetv
I got up, and I think f shall be done in a dozen
words. I want to reply at all events now, before
I give way, to the question the Senator from>.
Kansas propounds, if any such resolution were
proposed here as: he suggests,.for one, if I were
the only one, I would record m.y vote against it,
because that is one ofthe very points upotiwhicli
we differ; that is the very place of divergence.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If you believed that
the issuing, of such a proclamation would induce
the laying down of their arms and restore peace
to the country ?
Mr. BROWNING. We have no more right to.
pass a resolution directing the President to issue-
a proclamation, of the sort the Senator suggests
than we have a right to pass a resolution directing;
the President to have every prisoner captured in
this war shot; not a bit mote. There is one of
the encroachments by Congress upon the consti-
tutional powers-of a cooidinate department that i
have protested against, and that I will continue to
protest against. The President, and not Con-
gress, is to determine for himself when he will
issue proclamations,and-what he will issue them
about, relating to- the conduct of the war, the ac-
tive operations in the field. He is to determine
military necessities; he is to adopt the proper
measures to meet military necessities; and we have-
no more power to legislate on the subject of sla-
very ii> regard to any one slave than we have in.
regard to the whole of them. I will give way
now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do hope
we shall pass this bill to-night. It is an import-
ant measure. We aie now near the close of the
session, and I hope we shall pass this bill to-
night. We have several other important meas-
ures yet to dispose of.
Mr. HARLAN. From what I have observed
since I have had the honor of a seat here, I do not
believe we shall dispose of this bill to night; and
I think at this hour of the day it is belter to ad-
journ.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
ought to pass this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I can remain here; I enjoy
good health, and am not prostrated by age; but £
