1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
privilege; and from that time he became entitled
to his pay as a member of the Senate. Here is
the express provision; the terms of the clause are
" during the time for which he was elected" he
shall nor lfold another office.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Kentucky-
allow me to call his attention to one qualification
of that? Before the word te office" he will find
the word " civil." 1-ie shall not hold any civil
office during the term for which he was elected.
It is not military office.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire docs not take the point of my argument.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps I do not.
Mr. DAVJS. It does not rest on those words
in the Constitution, but on the previous words:
"No Senator or Representative shall, during the
time for which he was elected" 
Mr. CLARK. Go on and read the clause.
Mr. DAVIS. I will: " be appointed to any civil
office under the authority of the United States,"
&c. What is the meaning of that? It is that during
the term for which he is elected, a member of this
body shall be ineligible to any other office.
- Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CLARK. Any other
civil office.
Mr. DAVIS. " Any civil office under the au-
thority ofthe United States, which shall have been
created, ortheemoluments whereofshall have been
increased,during such time;" and the clause goes
on to declare, "and no person holding any office
under the United States shall be a member of either
House during his continuance in office." Now,
sir, when does the office of a Senator of the Uni-
ted States commence ? I say that it begins at the
time of his election by the Legislature that elects
him, and not alone from the time he comes to qual-
ify and take his seat as a member of this body.
That is the position I take, and I think it is a posi-
tion that cannot be shaken.
Mr. Piesident, what is the reason of this whole
provision? It seems to me to be threefold. H is,
in the first place, to free a Senator or a Repre-
sentative from Executive influence. It is, in the
second place, to prevent a Scnato'r or Represent-
ative from ci eating an office which he himself may
afterwards fill. It is, in the third place, to keep
tho duties and responsibilities of a Senator and of
a Representative disentangled and entirely free
from the duties and responsibilities of every other
officer, and of every other office. It seems to me
that the threefold reason of this clause in all its
branches would be more or less impugned and
infracted by the Senator from Kansas being per-
mitted to retain his seat.
I concede with the learned gentleman from New
York that if there was no office none could he ac-
cepted, and therefore the Senator from Kansas
could not be ejected from his sent here._ If there
was 110 offiec of brigadier general in existence at
the time theie was an attempt made to clothe him
with that office, and at the time he took a formal
oath to perform its duties, the contest falls to the
ground, and he must be permitted to retain his
seat. Now, let us inquire into that proposition for
u moment.
What is the office with which he was attempted
to be clothcd by the President of the United States ?
It was the office of' brigadier general. What is an
office? A commission is not necessary to consti-
tute an officer. An office is defined by all the
writers upon the subject to be a duty which a per-
son may legally anil rightfully perform to the
State, or where he has a colorable right to per-
form the duty. I will illustrate it in this way.
The Secretary of the Senate is an officer under
the Urn ted States Government; but he has no com-
mission. Suppose a member of this body was
elected to the position of Secretary of the Senate,
and was to enter upon us duties, I ask gentlemen
if that would not immediately vacate his seat as
a Senator? What is the4 universal principle de-
cided, both by the British and American courts,
in relation to incompatible offices ? If a man holds
a higher and superior office, and subsequently is
clothed with an inferior office, however interior it
may be to the higher one which he holds,^and
accepts it, he thereby, to use the phiase of tin
gentleman from New York, ipso facto vacates the
Kupeiior one. You have a Serge,mt-at-Arms; you
have a Doorkeeper: you have various other offices
created for tho convenience of this bodkin the
transaction of its business. Suppose a Senator
were to accept any one of these officcs tor which
there is no commission, but a simple election by
the Senate, I ask if the acceptance of any such
position as that would not vacate his office as a
Senator? Nobody can doubt it. The President
of the United States appoints marshals in the
different judicial districts. Suppose he had ap-
pointed Senator Lane—not General Lane, because,
according to my understanding of the proprieties
of the Senate, there is no General Lane here—
marshal of the district of Kansas, and Senator
Lane had acccp'ted the office, would he not have
vacated his seat as aSenator? I admit that, in re-
lation to the office of marshal, a commission ema-
nates from the President of the United States; but
that is immaterial. I will read a definition of
office taken from Bacon:
" It H said that every man is a public officerwho has any
duty concerning the public.5'—Bacon's Abridgement, 280,
title lc Officcs and Outers."
Thut is the general and the exactly legal defi-
nition of an officer. Every man whose business
it is and whose right it is to perform any duty in
relation to the public is an officer, and he is an
officer whether he bears a commission or not. If
by appointment or any other color of right—for
there must be a color of right—he undertakes the
execution of a publicduty, although he be Senator
or President, if you please, of the United States,
lie thereby vacates his higher and his previous
office, and he holds but the inferior one which he
lias accepted.
Now the question occurs again, was there an
office of brigadier general at the time for Senator
Lane to accept > If there was not, of course this
contest must be decided in his favor. I ask leave
to read from one or two other clauses of the Con-
stitution. "Who is the President of the United
States? He is the Commander-m-Chief of our
armies; he is the fountain of office and honor, so
far as that fountain has been recognized and es-
tablished by our Constitution. When the militia
of the several States is called into tho service of
the United States, lie is the Commander-in-Chief
of that militia. Here is an enumeration of some
of his powers:
" lie have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent oi tlie Senate, to make ticaties.piovided two thirds of
the Senators piescnt concui j and lie shall nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent ot' the Senate, shall ap-
point embas-sadoirf, other public ministers, and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and alt other ofTiecns ot the
United States, \vhos«o iinpouitmonts aic not herein other-
wise piovided toi, and which shall be otabhshod by law ;
but the Congiex-s maj by law vest the appointment ot «ueh
intenor officer as iln-y think pioper in the Prefidont alone,
in the courts of l.uv, or in the heads ol Depavtments. i
'• The Piesident ^h.xll have powei to fill up all vacancies
that may happen du'int; the leeesh ot the Senate, by ^rant,- j
i <? eoimm&aion.s, which (• halt expire at the end of thcii next J
''The Piesident Miall be Commander-in-Chief of the
Auny and Navy ofthe United State*, and ofthe militia of
the bVverai States when called into the actual seivice ot
the United State*."
In connection with this provision of the Con-
stitution I ask leave to read from a clause of the
act of Congress of 1795 for the suppicssion of in-
surrection and the enforcement of the execution
of the laws of the United States:
" That whenever the United States shall be inyaded, oi be
in imminent danger of invasion from any foreign nation
or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful lor the Purulent of the
United States to call forth such number of the mihua ofthe
State, oi States, most convenient to the place ot damjei ot
scene of action a^ he may judge uccessmy to lepel feuch
invar-ion, and to l^xio Ins oidei^ foi that purple to such
officei oi olfieeis of the militia at- he shall think pioper. ^
uSfc 2. *ini1hcit fuithcr cnocta.1, That wbenevci the
laws of the Umt^t States shall be opposed, orthe execution
thereol obst) acted m any State, bv combination-* ton pow-
cifnlto be suppic^cd by tlv> oidmaiy coiu&c ofjuchcul
proceedings or bv the poweis vested m the marshal* b>
tin* act, it bhall be lawiul tor the Piesident ol the l>nited
States to call loith the irulitia of such totate.or of any other
State oi State*, as maybe necessary to r-uppre^s such com-
binations, and to cause tiie laws to be duly executed.'
Here is plenary discretionary power vested in
the President of the United States to call forth the
militia of the State in which such resistance to the
execution of the laws may aiise, orfiom any other
State. Suppose the President calls for a new regi-
ment, or, if you please, a brigade Irom several
States to enforce the execution of the laws, just
as in the ease that now exists. Suppose he calls
forth from five States five different regiments, and
the highest officer in military command in any ot
(he regiments is a colonel. Do gentlemen intend
to say that he, being clothed by this act of Con-
tcss of 1795 with power to call forth and to direct
asCommander-in Chief the operations of this mi-
litia, would not have the power to appoint a brig-
adier general? Suppose lie caHs forth four or five
brigades from that many different States, and each
State sends out its brigade with its brigadier gen-,
eral, and there "is no commanding general to direfci
the operations of the whole combined army; do
gentlemen assume the position that the President
of tho United States, being here expressly vested®
with power to carry on the military operations by
meansof this militia that comes from half a dozen
States, th.ero being no common head, no com-
mander-in-chief, would not have power to appoint
a commander-in-chief, as a major general, for the
purpose of directing by his one will the operations
of this whole force ?
1 think that such a position as theft is wholly
indefensible. Here the President is clothed with
a general power. What is that general power?
He is to quell and subdue resistance to the exe-
cution ofthe laws of the United States. How is
he to do it? He is to do it by calling upon the
State where the insubordination exists, or upon
the neighboring States for their military power in
the form of militia. Here is the general power
with which the President is clothed, and what is
a natural and a necessary and a universal conse-
quence? That all the incidental powers that are
proper and necessary to enable the President to
perform this duty he is, as a matter of course,
invested with, by being charged with the execu-
tion of the general duty. There cannot be any
doubt of that. Well, sir, what exercise of power
would be more proper and neccssary in the case
I pat than that there should be a head to this Army,
a commanding general to conduct its operations,
and that there should not be half a dozen generals
all with equal power for the purpose of wielding
this force in the execution of the duty with which
the President himself was charged? No, sir,
when Congress clothes the President with this gen-
eral power, it gives him all the necessary and
proper incidental power to carry it into effect; and
in the exercise ofthe proper incidental powers he
may appropriately, and it may be in the highest
degree useful and expedient and necessary that he
should, exercise the power ofappointingagen.eral.
But, sir, I will give the gentleman anothorcase
under the clause which I read; and it is one that
excited a great deal of attention some thirty years
ago in this Government, as you [Mr. Foot in the
chair] and some of tho older gentlemen on this
floor will well recollect. In Mr. John Gtuincy-
Adams's Administration, there was called a con-
gress of commissioners at Panama, and the Uni-
ted States Government was invited by the South
American Governments to send commissioners to
that congress. Mr. Adams, without any act of
Congress being passed upon the subject, appointed
commissioners oil the part of the United States to
attend that congress. We know what an" excite-
ment it produced at tho ensuing session of the
Congress ofthe United States, when there was a
majority in opposition to Mr. Adams in both
Houses, and what extensive debates took place
in both Houses upon the subject. I refer the
gentleman to Mr. Adams's message to the two
Houses of Congress in vindication of the step
which he then took; and upon what authority did
he plant himself for having performed this act of
appointing commissioners to the congress at Pa-
nama? It was under this clause of the Constitu-
tion:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and eon-
sent ot'tlie donate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of
i the Senators present concui ; and lie shall nominate, and
! bv and with the advice and consent of the benatt, feliaa
• appoint embassador, other public ministers, and consuls,
1 judges of the Supreme Court," &c.
At the time that congress was called and was
about to convenc, the Senate of the United States
was not in session; it was in vacation ^ and Mr,
I Adams assumed the power, under this general
! clause, of appointing ministers to that congress
I without the sanction of an act of legislation ; and
I believe that the best lawyers and the best intel-
lects of the country sanctioned that exercise ol
power by Mr. Adams. Well now, sir, is thatany
, greater stretch of power than was attempted to be
!' exercised by Mr. Lincoln upon the present occa-
! sion ? What office did he clothe, or attempt to
ii clothe, Senator Lane with ? The office ofbrigadier
Ij general. It was not a new office; it is an omee
known to all organized armies; itis an office known
l| to the armies of the UnitedStates. The only qwjs
i! tion in thcscasc is this: had the President of the
