THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
them. But the treaty does not require, in addition
to protecting these people in their tides, that we
shall define by metes and bounds their lands. It
is incumbent upon those parties claiming, in many
instances, thousands of acres of land, that they
should £ive to this Government the lines and
boundaries of their surveys. I would ask the
gentleman how this'Government, in giving pat-
ents or in making surveys of the public lands,
can respect these private land claims, unless they
are defined by actual surveys?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. It is not the
duty of the individuals to do it; but it is for the
Government to mark out the boundaries.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Then how is the Govern-
ment to survey its lands when there are no lines
or corners to define these individual possessions}?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. (Those metes
and bounds already exist in the archives of Mexico.
Mr. TRIMBLE. But they do not exist upon
the surface of the country, and I understand from
the Committee of Public Lands that the Govern-
ment is utterly at a loss to know where the bound-
aries of their lands arc.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. The House
will bear in mind that many of these Mexican
grants strike natural boundaries; but many of
them do not, and it is necessary to have a survey
ov to trace the boundaries.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Where there are natural
boundaries, as a matter of course there is no great
necessity foran actual survey. But many of those
possessions are upon the plains, and in open coun-
try, and I insist that the Government cannot sur-
vey its public lands unless the metes and bounds
of these tracts of country arc fixed.
I said in the beginning, and I say again, that I
am not disposed to enter into a discussion of the
justice or injustice of the requirements of the law
passed at the present session of Congress requir-
ing that these parties shall pay the expense of
thesft.surveys before patents are issued; but what
I desinKo press upon the House is, that if the
law is unjust, let us repeal it, but not as proposed
in this bill, by excepting the Territory of New
Mexico alone from its provisions, while all the
other States and Territories aro compelled to bear
this burden.
1 think it is our duty to consult the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of Public
Lands upon a measure of so much importance to
the country at large, before we take so important
a step as this. I leave the question, however, for
tho decision of the House. I have no particular
interest in tho mutter one way or the other; but I
will say that the bill passed at (lie present session
was prepared in the Interior Department, and sub-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, by
whom it was examined and reported to the House.
And now it looks to me a good deal like child's
play, on the spur of the moment, without having
the bill in print, and without consulting the Inte-
rior Department at all, that we should undo what
we have already done after mature deliberation
and consideration. It is undoubtedly important
that the second section of this bill should be amend-
ed and passed in order to relievo the Treasury De-
partment from the embarrassment that might pos-
sibly arise in consequence of the repeal of a prior
law which made the receiver of public lands the
depositary of public money.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The firstquestion beingupon the motion of Mr.
Low, to amend the first section of the bill by
striking out the words, " so far as they apply to
the Territory of New Mexico."
Mr.BLAIR,ofPennsylvania,demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Biddle and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty-seven; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred oil the motion of Mi.
Trimble, to strike out the first section of the bill
as amended.
The question was put; and there were—ayes31,
noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. BLAJR, of Pennsylvania, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nay-s were ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I ask that the section may be
reported by the Clerk; and also that a short par-
agraph from the last annual report ofM.be Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be read.
The SPEAKER. 11 is notin order to read the
report, tho main question having been ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope it will begone. We
do not understand the question.
Mr. POTTER. The House does not under-
stand what it is doing, or it would strike out this
section.
The SPEAKER. The report can only be read
by unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I object, unless
I am alR>wed to make a statement.
The section was read.
Mr. POTTER. I now ask unanimous consent
that a paragraph of about twelve lines from the
report of the Secretary of the Interior may be read.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I'object, unless
I can be allowed to make a statement.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman may lmve any
portion of the repoi t read in reply that he chooses.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I object,
unless we arc allowed to explain this matter.
Mr. POTTER. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes 21,
noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. LOW demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps
of California, and Roscoe Conkling, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 23, noes 65; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER withdrew the motion to lay the
bill upon the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Trimble's mo-
tion, to strike out the first section of the bill; and
being put, it was decided in the negative—yeas
29, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Babbitt, Beatnnu, Buflmton, Clark, Fred-
erick A. Ooukling, Iioseoe Conkling, Crisfield, Cutler.
Dawes, llutchnis. William Kellogg, Lansing, Looting
Maynaul, Potter, John II. ltice, Edward II. Rollins, Sai-
gent, Shelkibarger, Sloan, Spauldtng, Benjamin l'\
Thomas. Trimble, Van Horn, Wall, Wallace, Albert 8.
White, Wlhon, and Woicester—29.
NAYS—Mrssis. Aklueh, William Allen, Alley, Anconn,
Ashley, Baily, Baxter, Riddle. Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, George II. Browne, William (}. Brown, Calveit,
Chambeilin,"Clements, Colfax, Corning, Cox, Ciuvens,
Duell, Dunl.ip, Dunn, Edwards#,-Fenton, Fisher, Fouke,
Goodwin, Ginger, Glider, Gnrley, Ilaight, Hale, Hall,
Ilaidmg, Ilolman. Hooper, Kellcy, Kn.ipp. Law, Lazear,
Jjcaiv, Lehman, Lovujoy, Low, McKnight, McPJiei^m,
MalJory, Menzies. Monrhead, Morris, Nncen, 01m, Patton,
Pony, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Alexander H. Rice,
Sheffield, Shei'man, Sluel, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Suatton, Trowlnidge, Veiree, Voorhees,
Walton, Wheeler, Whaley, Windoin, and Wood—73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania,moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 393) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 556) to change the place of
holding the circuitand district courts of theUnited
States for the district of West Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) providing for
the distribution of surplus copies of the Biennial
Register for 1861 among the several bureaus in the
Executive Departments.
ISAAC ANDREWS AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALDRICH,from the Committeeon Indian
Affairs, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, bill of the House No. 84,
for the relief of Is&ac Andrews and others.
The substitute was read. The preamble sets
forth that certain individuals Have memorialized
Congress, stating that they were bona fide actual
settlers, under the preemption laws of the United
States, in the tract of country known as the eight-
een-mile square home reservation of the Wione-
bagoes, in the Blue-earth region, Minnesota, at a
period of time when the Indian title had been ex-
tinguished, and prior to the setting apart by legal
divisions of the Indian home reservation under the
second article of the treaty of the 27th of Febru-
ary, 1855, and that by reason of the setting apart
of the home reservation they were forced from
their settlements,and subjected to loss and damage
by the destruction of their improvements.
The first section of the substitute provides that
it shall be lawful for each of such settlers, within
three months from the passage of this act, to file his
declaratory statement with the proper register and
receiver, descriptive of the tract settled upon and
improved; and under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior? the set-
tler shall be permitted to establish his claim by
the production of testimony, showing compliance
with all the requirements of the preemption law
up to the period when he was ousted by reason of
the premises falling within the Indian home reser-
vation; that the testimony required under this act
shall be the affidavit of the claimant himself, taken
before the register and receiver, and shall show
the date of the commencement and the period of
continuance of his improvements, the extent of
them, size of his habitation, the time and labor re-
quired in its construction, extent of other improve-
ments, and the cost to him and value, and value
of crop derived from the same, the affidavit to be
corroborated by disinterested testimony.
The second section provides that upon the re-
turn of such testimony to the Department, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the? Interior finally
to adjudge the validity or invalidity of each claim;
and in regard to those shown to be bona fide under
the preemption law, to report a list of the same,
with all the testimony, to Congress, stipulating
such award as should be paid as damages grow-
ingoutof the loss and destruction of such improve-
ments, by reason of the appropriation of such set-
tlements to the Indian reservation; provided the
land officers of the local land office mentioned in
the bill shall notreceive any additional pay or fees
for the services required of them.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is there a report
accompanying the bill?
Mr. ALDRICH. There is no report. The pre-
amble explains the whole matter. It is mciely
a bill directing an inquiry into certain matters.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And directing
pay in a certain event ?
Mr. ALDRICII. No, sir; no pay; the result is
to be reported to Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tune,
and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to amend the title of the
bill so as to make it read <{ A bill for the relief of
preemptors on tho home reservation of the Win-
nebagoes, in the Blue-earth region, in the State
of Minnesota."
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
bills and a joint resolution of the following titles
severally without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 399) to provide for the quiet-
ing of land titles in the late disputed territory in
the State of Maine, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 554) relating to trust funds
of several Indian tribes invested by the Govern-
ment in certain State bonds abstracted from the
custody of the late Secretary of the Interior; and
