286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
United States the power to create that office by-
appointing Senator Lane, or any other Senator,
to it? I maintain that he had—properly, right-
fully, and necessarily. It does not appear to this
body that there was any brigadier general in the
whole of the forces that the President called into
the field under his proclamation issued in virtue
of the act of 1795; but even if it had been so, what
then ? He is clothed with the power of seeing
that tjho resistance-to the execution of the laws in
the insurgent States was put down. He resorts
to the means and to the machinery with which he
was clothed by the act of 1795 to execute that
duty. He calls upon the loyai States, all the States
except those which were then in actual rebellion,
to furnish tireir quota of militia for the purpose of
being combined into one army, in order to subju- !
gate this rebellion and this resistance to the laws
of the United States. In the performance of that
duty it might, under many states of the case, be
signally proper and necessary that he should have
the power, and should exercise the power, of ap-
pointing a commander-in-chief and subordinate
officers in command to a commandcr-in-chicf, for
the purpose of making the Army to suppress the
rebellion and to enforce the execution of the laws
most effective and most valuable in the discharge
of the duty which he was called upon by his oath
of-office to perform, and which he was empow-
ered by the act of Congress to execute.
I think, then, with due deference to the argu-
ment of the leained gentleman from New York,
that the President of the United States had a gen-
eral discretionary power to make as many gener-
als as he pleased in that Army, of any grades that
he chose to adopt; he had a right to create a ma-
jor general; he had a right to create brigadier gen-
erals; and in the exercise of this right and power
he clothed, or attempted to clothe, the Senator from
Kansas with the office of brigadier general. It
may be said that he thereby created the office by
his own act. He no more created the office by
his own atit than Mr. Adams did the office of com-
missioners to the congress at Panama by his act
of appointment. And what is another grnural
principle in regard to officers de facto ? The books
arc full of authority to this point, that wherever
a man has a colorable right to an office and takes
upon himself its exercise, however irregular his
appointment may be,as between himself and third
persons and the public itself, in favor of the pub-
lic or Government, his acts conclude him.
I will read from one or two authorities; but it
is almost superfluous to read from authorities on
that point. The point is known to every lawyer,
and is recognized in every court in England and
in the United States:
"it is said that every man is a public officer who hath
any duty couecrmng the public; and he is not the Jess a
public officer wheie hb authority if? confined to narrow lim-
its; hecau.-e it is the duty of 1ns oflice, and the nature of
that duty, winch makes linn a public ofiicur, and not the
extent of his authority."
Chancellor Kent, in the case of Beck vs. Piatt,
(7 Johnson, 553,) uses this language:
" Noris the allegation material in this case, that the eom-
mis&ioner-s had not caused a certificate of their oath ot'oflice
to he filed in the town clerk's oflice. If the commissioners
of highways acted Without taking thenath required bylaw,
they were liable to a penalty; or the town, upon their default
in complying with the icquiMtion of the statute,-mi^ht have
proceeded to a new choice of commissioners. But if the [
town did not, (and it does not appear that they did in this
case,) the subsequent acts ot the commissioners made them
commNsionoro de facto, since they came to their office by
color of title; and it is a well-settled principle of law that
the acts of such persons are valid when they concern the
public, or the lights ot tltiid persons who have an interest
in the act done.5'
Now, sir, I say that this office was created prop-
erly by the act of the President of the United States
in the exercise of his duty under the law of Con-
gress of 1795. I say that he created this office by
appointing General Lane to fill it; and whether
General Lane qualified and took the oath required
by the regulations ot the "VVarOffi.ee, or even of the
law or not, it he took upon himself the exercise
of the duties in fact, his acts in the exercise of those
duties were obligatory upon him, and he is as
much bound by them as though he had proceeded
in the strictest conformity to every requisition of
the law in the utmost minutis?. I will illustrate it
in this way: suppose General Lane now was off,
as he was off, upon gallant command, and ho had
the powar to convoke a court-martial; suppose he
had, in the exercise of the power with which he
supposed thaUppointmentofthePresidentclothed
him, convoked a court-martial for the purpose of
trying one of his officers or one of his soldiersby
military law, and that that court-martial had sen-
tenced the party who was thus arraigned before
the court to the judgment of death under the ar-
ticles of war, I ask gentlemen whether this court-
martial would be subject to be tried as murderers?
No, sir; it would be preposterous and absurd in
the extreme to assume any such position. When
a man holds a colorable title to an office, every
act that he does in pursuance of the duties of that
office, so far as it concerns third persons and him-
self, so far as he is sought to be made liable, is
held to be as valid as though he was acting in the
strict letter of the law of appointment and the law
of qualification to office also.
I could lay my hands on innumerable authori-
ties establishing this point. Commissioners of
roads and other officers are required to take an
oath; they are required to give a bond. What is
the principle in the presumption of law in relation
to all such cases? Whenever they proceed upon
the execution of the duties of their office, the pre-
sumption of law is that they have complied with
all these requisites. I have references to author-
ities establishing that principle beyond all doubt;
but no lawyer wants authoiity to establish that
principle. Where a man claims to hold an office
by color of right, and is in the execution of the
duties of that office, his acts are as binding and as
conclusive against him as though he was in the
strictest exercise of that oflice by the necessary
legal or constitutional appointment, and as though
he conformed to all the requisites for placing him
regularly into office.
Suppose General Lane had sent out a command
upon a foraging expedition, and they had come
across forage necessary for the subsistence of the
Army, and, in obedience to his order, they had
taken possession of it and appropriated it to the
uses of the Army, would these men that he sent
upon this service be trespassers? Would they be
subject to be sued, to be fined, and to be impris-
oned, too, if they were indicted for trespass, be-
cause of the acts they had performed under his
command? No, sir. If he has a colorable right
to the office, and is in the perfoinuince of his
duties, every man who acts by his command is
shielded from any liability because he is so acting.
Otherwise the foragers would be trespassers, and
otherwise the court-martial that condemned a man
for any offense made capital and subject to mili-
tary execution by the articles of war, would be
liable to be seized, tried, and punished as mur-
derers. Il is with a view to avoid sueh conse-
quences as those that that great and general and
universal principle has been adopted: that where
a man is filling an officc by colorable right, and is
in the discharge of its duties, he is to be treated
as though he was in every respect rightfully in the
possession and in the exercise of his office, and
so are all those who have actcd under his com-
mand.
I maintain, then, sir, that here is an office—the
officc of brigadier general. It was cicatcdby the
President under the incidental power which the
net of 1795 gives him. Itis an office of universal
class and of universal duty in all the armies of the
civilized world. It is the officc of brigadier gen-
eral, known to our own laws, the duties of which
every military and well-informed man is familiar
with, ex vi termini. This office the President of
the United States created (and he had a right to
create them indefinitely) by appointing by his
order, expressed through his Secretary of War,
to General Lane that he should fill it. 1 maintain,
then, that the main premises upon which the Sen-
ator fiom New York [Mr. Harris] based his ar-
gument, on examination, will not stand the test:
there was an office.
| The second question is, did Senator Lane ac~
| cept it? Well, sir, you know, all the lawyers m
i this body know, and every lawyer knows, that
; when a man has the right to make an election he
< can make it but once. I admit that he must ac-
: cept the oflice. You cannot force that office or
. any other officc upon a man m this country against
! his will; but whenever he signifies the assent of
j his mind.to take it, and has thus made his clec-
| tion, he has made his election once and forever,
j He is not allowed to elect again; he is held to his
I assent. In this case General Lane comes forward
I and takes the oath of office. He performs sundry
i otheracts appertaining to this office in the execu-
tion of its duties. I hold that no unprejudiced
man can read the report of the committee, and
Weigh the evidence in that report of the accept-
ance of this office by General Lane, find enter-
tain a doubt that he did accept it. He did accept
it. He entered upon its duties. He attempted to
perform, and did perform, various responsible
and important acts in connection with its duties,
which he could not have properly performed, or
have attempted to perform, without having ac-
cepted this office and without having been clothed
with its authority. In my humble opinion, Gen-
eral Lane performed such acts as showed beyond
all doubt the assent of his mind to take this office,
and he did take this office by attempting to do
other acts in the course of its execution.
But, sir, whether that be so or not, that is,
whether he took the oath legally and in strict
conformance to the regulations of the War De-
partment, is wholly immaterial; whether he took
the oath of office or not makes no difference; if
he was appointed to the officc, and entered upon
the performance of its duties, the presumption of
law and of testimony is against him, that he had
performed every act necessary to induct him reg-
ularly into the office, and he is not permitted to
deny that he performed any one act necessary
to invest him with it completely. That he did
attempt to do various acts which nobody but a
brigadier general could have done; and that he
performed those acts under this appointment by
the President of the United States to this identi-
cal brigadier generalship, I think admits of no
reasonable doubt. I hold then, sir, that there is
an office created by the President in the exercise
of his legal, constitutional power; that this office
was that of brigadier general; that it was accepted
by General Lane; and that, upon the acceptance
of that office by him, he vacated his seat in this
body, and ceased legally and rightfully to be a
member of the body.
I maintain, with my friend from New Jersey,
[Mr. Ten Eyck,] that we are not bound down to
the rigorous technicalities of a court of justice in
deciding questions of this kind, although we must
approximate them very closely. We are not re-
stricted exactly, in such investigations, to strictly
legal evidence. We are not restricted rigidly and
technically to the exact law of the case. We have
more latitude, more scope and verge than a court
of justice would feel itself entitled to, if it was
sitting as the tribunal trying this matter. Sir, wc
must look to the provision of the Constitution;
we must look to its reason, to the policy of the
provision which declares that a man holding a seat
in either branch of Congress vacates that seat by
accepting another office. The reason is that this
body may stand disenthralled from executive
influence, that it may perform the functions in-
dependently of a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. It is, besides, that he shall not be ham-
pered and influenced by the purpose of creating
offices for himself to fill; and it is, in the third
place, that he shall have one simple, important,
sublime series of duties to perform to the Govern-
ment and to the country, those duties appertain-
ing to its legislation, and that he shall not be al-
lowed to blend with these duties the duties and
enthrallments of other offices. It seems to me,
if these reasons of the provision are looked to,
and guide and control the decision of members of
the Senate in the settlement of this case, they will
come to the conclusion that the whole spirit.and
meaning and purpose of the Constitution has been
infringed by this duplicate of offices which the
Senator from Kansas has been attempting to hold.
Now, I admit, with the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] that he probably did
not know that the offices were incompatible; but
it was his business, it was his duty, to know. It
did not concern the public and third persons
whether he knew it or not. The law required him
to know it; the Constitution required him to know
it. The inadvertence or the want of examination,
and consequently the ignorance of a man in rela-
tion to such a point, is no excuse to him. The
question is simply this: did he accept an office af-
ter his election to the Senate of the United States ?
If he did, by such acceptance he vacated his seat
upon this floor, and he ought to give it up, in my
judgment.
Mr. StIMNER. Mr. President, I have no de-
sire to follow the Senator from Kentucky in his
discussion of this question; but I venture to ask
