1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine de-
sired me to state the reason why I offered this
amendment. I will do so very briefly. It is to
carry out, as I understand it, the principle of the
Senator from Michigan and of the Committee on
Commerce, who proposed the original amend-
ment that we are now acting upon. They pro-
pose, as I understand it, to put the entire control,
so far as the inspection and practical control of
the light-house system is concerned, into the charge
of the revenue officers, or in case there is a defi-
ciency in the number of those officers, then into
the hands of such civilians as the Secretary of the
Treasury may select. Now, if that be so, neither
the Navy Department nor the War Department
ought to be required to hold a portion of the men
attached to their services in reserve for the pur-
pose of being used in connection with the light-
house service; nor should either of those services,
or the men who are attached to those services,be
required to come in, as the Senator has just sug-
gested before he took his seat, to piece out and to
fill up vacancies that may occur in case the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may not be able to find
competent and skillful men in the corps which is
under his special charge.
I understand that to be the objection that the
Senator from Michigan urges to my amendment.
He wants to have, as a general rule, as a princi-
ple, these inspectors and other officers selected
from the revenue servicc or from civil life; but in
case there should occur a vacancy which the Sec-
retary cannot fill, then he shall be authorized to
detail an officer either from the Army or Navy.
I do not want any such disparagement as that
thrown upon either the Army or the Navy. If
you want the business conducted properly, let one
service or the other be responsible for it. Then
there will be a pride on the part of that particular
service in having it properly performed. If you
give it to the Treasury and the revenue servicc,
let the revenue scrvicc be responsible, and in time
the Senator from Michigan and the Secretary of
the Treasury may make the revenue service re-
spectable in the eyes of the country. As it is,
we do not know anything about it. We are build-
ing up a sort of navy under the control of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of which no man on earth
has an y information. We do not know—I appre-
hend there is not a member of this body who
knows—of how many that service is composed,
how many captains there are, how many lieuten-
ants, or what may be the number of sub-officers
in it. They are not sent before the Senate for
confirmation. We have no register of them pub-
lished. We pay them, and that is all we do or
have to do in connection with them. My impres-
sion has been that there was not the highest order
of talent in that service. I may be mistaken. If
I am mistaken, if the Senator from Michigan is
willing to throw the entire responsibility of the
light-houses upon them, he may in time, as I say,
elevate the standaid of that service.
If we are going to make this experiment again,
I want thisamendmentadopted, because if we are
going to make the experiment I do not want either
the Army or Navy in any degree responsible for
it. I want the revenue service and the Secretary
oftheTreasury—if he hasrccommendedand made
tins suggestion to the Committee on Commerce—
to have the entire credit that may fall to them;
and m order that they may have the entiie credit
with the mercantile and commercial community,
with the men of commerce, I want them to have
the sole appointment from their own service of
all these inspectors. Mr. President, we have tried
this thing once. A few years ago the light-houses
were under civil superintendence. 1 think a man
by the name of Pleasanton was the chief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Fifth Auditor.
Mr. GRIMES. Gentlemen who represent com-
mercial cities can bear testimony as to what the
condition of the light-house service was when it
was taken out of his hands, out of civilians' hands,
and placed m the hands of the Aimy and Navy.
If the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commit-
tee on Commerce are willing to make the experi-
ment again, I am content that they should do it,
but I do not want any other service to share any
responsibility that may flow from it with them.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce did not recommend the appointment of
civilians. They simply recommended that rev-
enue officers might be appointed in addition to
officers of the Army and Navy. The other was
my own proposition, which I withdrew at the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine. The Sen-
ator from Iowa seems to have so exalted an opin-
ion of the*Army and Navy officers that he thinks
they are to be degraded by coming in contact with
revenue officers. Sir, they are public servants to
do the duties to which they are assigned, and I
do not think their dignity will be at all injured
by cooperating with the revenue officers, I hope
that the amendment to the amendment will not be
adopted. Let them go as other servants do where
they are ordered to go, and let the revenue officers
do the same thing. I do not think that any ser-
vice is degraded by coming in competition or in
connection with the revenue service of this coun-
try. I deny it.
Mr. HALE. There is danger of our getting
excited on this bill, and of its taking up consid-
erable time and crowding out the regular order.
There seems to be a difference of opinion about
it, even among the distinguished gentlemen who
have spoken on it; and I move that it be post-
poned for the purpose of taking up the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator calls
for the regular order of the day, and it is now
before the Senate.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 108)
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia, the pending
question being on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Doolittle to the amendment of Mr. Daw*.
The amendment of Mr. Davis is to insert, as
an additional section:
And be il further enacted, That all persons liberated under
tins act shall be colonized out of the limits of the United
States, and the sum of $100,000, out of any money m the
Treasuiy not otherwise appropnated, shall be expended
utidei the direction of the President of the United States for
that purpose.
Mr. Doolittle proposes so to amend the
amendment as to make it read:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, out
of any money in the Treasury not othenvhe appropnated,
shall be expended under the dnectton of the President of
the United States to aid in the colonization and settlement,
with their own consent, of free people of color from said
l)istnet m the republics of Hayti and Liberia, oi elsewhere.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At the suggestion of a
friend, I desire to make a verbal alteration in the
amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the power
of the Senator to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to change it in
this way: strike out in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Kentucky, the words, " all per-
sons liberated under this act shall be colonized out
of the limits of the United States, and," and also
the words " for that purpose,'* at the end of his
amendment, and add the following at the end of it:
To aid m the colonization and settlement of such fiee
people of Aft/eon descent now residing in sa/d Pj.suict as
may de->iie to c initiate to the republics of Havti or Liberia,
or such othei rountiy beyond the limits? of the United States
as the Piebident may deteimine.
So that the amendment, if amended as I pro-
pose, will read:
That the sum of $100,000. out of any money in the Tieas-
ury not othet wise apptopnated, be expended,under the
diieeuon of the Piesideut of the United Stales to aid m the
colonization and settlement of Mich fiee people of Afuean
decent now lending in said Distnct as mayde&iie to emi-
grate to the republics of lla\u or Libtuia, oi stub other
country be\ ond the limits ot the United States a> the Pres-
ident may determine.
And upon that amendment to the amendment,
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yea4* and nays wete ordered.
Mr. HALE. L want to suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that that amendment is exceed-
ingly loose and indefinite, and it will be unsafe
legislation to adopt it as it is. It simply appro-
piiates £100,000 to aid in this colonization, and
does not limit the direction it shall take, howir is
to aid them, or how extensive the aid may be.
According to the amendment as it now stands,
the whole $100,000 mi^ht be taken to help one
colored peison off. There is no limit as to the ;
amount per head that shall be paid, no direction i
given as to the manner in which it shall be paid
—whether it shall be paid for supporting them
after they get there, or for their transportation to
go there—but simply in loose, indefinite, general
terms, as I understand it, an appropriation of
|100,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is to be expended under
the direction of the President, just as these appro-
priations are always made.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; not as such appropria-
tions are always made. When the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Foster] introduced one in re-
gard to taking possession of the cotton lands, there
was a limit made how much per capita they should
have; and my impression is that generally when
we have made appropriations for sending back
slaves who have oeen taken from slavers on the
high seas, we have made them per capita—we have
not left it to the discretion of the President.
SENATE SMOKED OUT.
Mr. GRIMES. It is impossible for us to sit
here in this smoke; we can hardly breathe; and
I therefore move that the Senate adjourn until
Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has a motion been made
to adjourn over?
Mr. GRIMES. I make it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You should make thatas
a preliminary motion.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I move that when the
Senate adjourifs to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that motion is put,
I should like to inquire what has become of our
resolution to remove these bakeries? All this
smoke comes from there. That resolution ]
the Senate some time ago.
Mr. HALE. It failed in the House.
Mr. FOOT. I will answer the Senator. The
Senate passed a resolution directing the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to remove the Army
bakeries from the basement story of this build-
ing. It was passed by the unanimous vote of the
Senate, and went to the House of Representatives,
and after lying there some weeks, was taken up,
and upon consideration, on a vote by yeas and
nays, it was voted down by a decided majority.
I think the continuance of those bakeries is an
outrage upon the occupants of this building, and
upon the public at large.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the House of
Representatives be respectfully informed that the
Senate is compelled to adjourn on account of the
smoke from the bakeries. ["Oh, no."] I think
it ought to be called to their attention officially.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the Sen-
ate No. 108, is the subject before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. On which I had the floor, and
gave way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I made that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to make one
remark. I think it would be advisable to request
the House, since their patriotism will not allow
them to have the bakeries removed, to remove
them over to their side. It seems that they are
willing that we should take all the injury on our
side and be smoked out as long as it does not
affect them.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn for so trifling a cause;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have a brief executive session. There are
one or two important cases that should be acted
upon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Catlile, Chirk, Davis. Doo-
little, Foot, Foster, Grime-*, Ilowatd, Kennedy, Lane of
Indiana. Powell, Paulsbury, Simmons, Trumbull, Wilkin-
son. Wilson of Missouri, and Wngnt—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Biowning, Colkunpr, Dixon, Hale, Har-
lan, Hairis, Hender-on, Howe, King. Latham, Morrill,
Pmnero\, Sherman, Staik. tfumnev, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Willej, and Wilson uf Massachusetts—19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE PllOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
