i&m
TB. GOMmESSIQNAL GLOBED
•Wf
Joint resolution (,H. R. No.-98) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish extra clothing to, sick,
fwoqnded, and other soldiers.
Also, an act (H.-R. No. 280) to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy, with amendments; in which he w,as
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, an act (No. 392) for the relief of Philip
Lansdale, surgeon in the United States Navy, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
" OSAGE INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
t the Governor and Legislative Council of the Osage
nation of Indians; which was laid on the table.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. ALDRICH also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, Senate bill No. 354, for the relief of John
T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depredations com-
mitted by white persons on iiis property, in Kan-
sas Territory.
The bill directs the payment, under direction
ofthe Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to John T.
Jones, of $6,700 in full, for depredations com-
mitted on his property by-white persons, that be-
ing the amount adjudged by said Commissioner
to be the full value of the property destroyed.
The question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading,
• Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING objected.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on die Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
QUINDARO NANCY GUTHRIE.
Mr. ALDRICH also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, Senate bill No. 315, for the relief of Q,tun-
daro Nancy Guthrie and her children.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to reexamine the claim of Quindaro
Nancy Guthrie and her four children to be enti-
tled to annuities and lands as members of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians; and if, upon such ex-
amination, he shall be satisfied that they are so en-
titled, then he is authorized and directed to pay to
her and her said children their just proportion of
tribal annuities and investments as to other mem-
bers of said tribe, for the whole period during
which he has found that they have been unjustly
excluded. The said payments to be made outof
a*iy moneys now duo, or hereafter to become due,
to the Shawnecs of Kansas. And the said Sec-
retary is also authorized and directed, on the con-
dition above .specified, to permit the said Q,uin-
daro Nancy Guthrie to locate for herself and chil-
dren a quantity of land equal to that selected by
other Shawnees out of the lands reserved for ab-
sent Shawnees, under the second article of the
treaty of May 10, 1854, to be held by her by the
same tenure as the locations of other Shawnees
under said treaty.
The question being on the third reading,
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire*
whether there is any report accompanying that
bill?
Mr. ALDRICH. There is no report. The bill
makes no appropriation. It merely directs the
Secretary ofthe Interior to inquire and examine
as to whether the woman is really a Shawnee; and
if so, that she shall be entitled to her share of the
annuity and lands belonging to that tribe.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 would like to know from the
gentleman from Minnesota, whetherthe Shawnee
Indians are a party to this bill, or whether there
is any representative of that tribe who knows any-
thing about it?
Mr. ALDRICH. If gentlemen will allow me
to go on, I will answer all questions. I am in-
formed by my colleague on the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, [Mr. Conway,] who is now absent
in consequence of sickness, that this bill ought to
pass. It leaves the matter in the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior to decide whether this
woman is a member of the tribe of Shawnee In-
dians, and is entitled to her share of the annuity
and lands belonging to that tribe. In the absence
of the gentleman from Kansas, 1 have taken some
interest in the matter, and desire that the bill
shall be put upon its passage. I know nothing
tfiore about it than what I have been informed by
the gentleman from Kansas and by the Senators
from that State, all of whom assure me ih*t the
bill ought to pass., Iam also informed byauother
Senator that,in his opinion, there is no necessity
for the passage of this bill, for the reason that the
Secretary has now authority to decide whether or
not this woman is a member of that tribe and en-
titled to her share of annuity and lands.
.Mr. BLAKE. My information is that there is
no representative of the Shawnee tribe here ask-
ing for the passage of this bill; that this woman is
not and never was a Shawnee, and that this is
simply an attempt to take from that tribe and give
to this woman what justly belongs to the tribe it-
self. I protest against the passage of any such
bill. If a bill of this kind is to be passed, I want
the Indians whom we are bound to protect to come
and ask for its passage. I am told by gentlemen
who know these Indians that the tribe would pro-
test against it in themostearnest manner, if they
knew anything about it.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire from the
gentleman from Minnesota whether he is not will-
ing*to leave the question as to whether this woman
is a member of the tribe to the tribe itself.
Mr. BLAKE. That question has been left to
the tribe. They have decided, in the words of the
treaty itself, who are the members of their tribe.
This attempt I regard as an infamous fraud on
these Indians.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he would admit these
Indians or their representatives on this floor to
protest against the passage of this bill ?
Mr. BLAKE. No sir; but every Indian tribe
has a representative in this city, and whenever
they want business of this kind transacted they
send an agent to attend to it. There is no agent
or representative from the Shawnee tribe asking
for the passage of this bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. Iam not aware that there is
an agent here from any tribe of Indians.
Mr. BLAKE. I am aware that there are agents
here from several tribes.
Mr. ALDRICH. I can also inform the gentle-
man that this woman has been unjustly deprived
of her shaie of the annuity and lands.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Deprived by
whom ?
Mr. ALDRICH. By the Shawnees. I am also
informed tjiat there is a small particle of Wyan-
dotte blood in this woman; and because sho has
for the most of her time resided with the Wyan-
dottes, the Shawnees have unjustly depiived her
of her share of the annuity and lands belonging to
the tribe.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where did the gentleman
from Minnesota get that information ?
Mr. ALDRICH. I got it from the Senators and
Representative from Kansas, where this tribe is
located.
Mr. MAYNARD. In what way does this
woman come here ?
Mr. ALDRICH. She is not here at all.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Who represents her?
Mr. ALDRICH. The Senators*and Repre-
sentative from Kansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do these Senators and Rep-
resentative represent the tribe or the woman?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I infer, Mr. Speaker,
from the language of the bill, that this claim of
Q,uindaro Nancy Guthrie has already been ex-
amined and decided. The bill directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to reexamine this claim.
Mr. ALDRICH. The matter has not been in-
vestigated by the present Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I did not infer that
it had, but that it has been officially examined and
determined.
Mr. ALDRICH. I infer so from the tenor of
the bill. I have no other information about it.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Then the gentleman
from Minnesota does not know anything at all
about it. He simply assures the House that itis
the desire of an absent member that the bill shall
be passed.
Mr. ALDRICH. And the Senators, who, I
piesume, know all about it, who indorse it as a
just claim, and who desire that the bill shall be
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. There is no report
accompanying this bill, if I correctly understood
the honorable gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. ALDRJCH*,* Thefejsrnone.-,
Mr. F; A. CONKLING. This bill,like other
bills which have* been rejected, l^y this House,
provides that, without notice, lands and money
which, under treaty stipulation, have been given
to the Shawnee tribe, shall be diverted fron? the
recognized members of the tribe who haveihere-
tofore received them, and appropriated.in part t&
the woman named in the bill. Of course the righ,t$-
and interests of a large number of Indians are in-
volved in the passage of the bill. And the ques-
tion will very likely be involved whether treaty
stipulations are to be observed.
Mr. ALDRICH. Not at all. The treaty in-
volves no violation of treaty stipulations.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It seems to me that
the House ought to know something about this
bill before talcing any action upon it whatever. I
therefore move, and I hope the gentleman from
Minnesota will yield for that purpose, that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, with instructions to report it back with
the facts on which it is based.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the member from Kansas
were here, he would undoubtedly be able to make
such a report on the case as would be satisfactory
to the House. I would like to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman from New York, that if this
woman is a member of-the Shawnee tribe, under
the treaty she is entitled tgi her share of the money
and lands distributed to the members of that tribe.
If she has been unjustly deprived of her rights,
there is no wrong committed in rectifying it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to say in re-
ply to the last remark of the gentleman from Min-
nesota that, as I understand it, the question has
been officially examined and determined by the
Department. It has been decided that this woman
is not a member of the Shawnee tribe, and has no
right to the lands or money distributed to the
members of the tribe.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from New York, that this bill does not
grant money or lands to this woman; it merely di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to reopen and
reexamine her claims, and decide whether any
portion of those lands and money justly belongs
to her. No wrong to any one can result from the
passage of this bill. If she is not entitled to money
or land, the Secretary of the Interior will so de-
cide, and she will not. receive any.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I still insist that be-
fore the House is called on to pass such a bill, the
gentleman who reported it ought to be able to
show some reason why the bill ought to be passed;
lie ought to be able to show some reason why the
decision which has already been made is not a
correct decision, and that there is some good and
sufficient reason for reopening and reexamining
the case anew.
Mr. ALDRICH. The reason is, that justice
will be done by reopening and reexamining the
case. That is the reason.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to recommit
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Minnesota yield for that purpose?
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 see no necessity for that.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move, then, to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ALDRICH.- I hope that will not be done.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved to reconsider
the votp by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Has the_morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the committees for reports, un-
less the gentleman moves to proceed to some other
business.
WINNEBAGO FUND.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back joint resolution H. R.No.
81, authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
expend, from a fund in the United States Treas-
ury belonging to the Winnebago Indians, the sum
of $100,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
