298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
ARMY SUPPLIES.
'Ml-, HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the select committee on
Government contracts to report the following res-
olutions, and ask/for their adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to In-
form the House, under what authority, and by whom, the
Army supplies and other piopeny held for the military pur-
poses of the United States, in the Territory of Utah, and
especially at Camp Crittenden and Fort Bndger, were sold,
with a statement of the property, its cost and vaiue to the
United States, and the amount lealizcdftom the talc theieof;
and if the sale was made by his authouty, that lie furnish
a copy of* the order, and miorm the House what notice was
given of the sale, and if any of the military supplies in said
Territory were dc-stioyed, that he mioim the Ilousc of the
character of such supplies, the \alue thereof, and the ieason
of the destruction.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform the Hou^o whether the military force of louiteen
hundred volunteers, iccently oiganizcd in the 'Pcrutoiy of
Colorado, was organized bv liisauthonly, and lor what pur-
pose, and what disposition has been made of vaul foice, by
whose authomy and at what tune organized and equipped,
and in what manner, and what amount ol demands have
been eieated against the United States on account of said
militaiy Ibice so far as his Depaitment has been infonned,
and to what extent such demands have been liquidated by
diaftb on the Treasury orotheru iso; also, what armshave
been pm^ha-.ed by the Governor of caul Tui itory, at what
cost, and by what authority, and whetlnnt is the intention
oflus Department t«"> lecognize and liquidate the debts cre-
ated in said militaiy opeiauotts, including the piuchasc of
arms.
The resolutions were adopted.
SMALL NOTES.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce, and have put on its passage, a bill to
repeal all laws prohibiting; the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia. Every one knows the
necessity of such <i law for the Distiict of Colum-
bia. I hope there will bo no objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 object unless the
bill i* to be referred.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask, then, that the bill may-
be refened to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The bill was accordingly read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the'Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the lcgular order of
business to be the consideration of the bill of the
House, (No. 154,) makingappropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 186:2, and additional appiopria-
tions for the year ending June 30, 1863; upon
which the gentleman ftom Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. W ill the Chair inform me of the
precise state of the question?
The SPEAKER. The bill was on Friday re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with sundry amendments,
which are now before the I louse for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. As there are two or thiee
matters in this bill on which i do not propose to
speak, I ask the gentleman fi om Massachusetts to
allow me to have lead two communications which
1 have received.
Mr DAWES. I will yield for that, purpose.
The Clerk read the following communications:
Coast ^uiuiy Ofpicc,
Janticny 1 J, 1S0D.
DcarSir. Undoi date of Jamnuy •!, liom'i'oit Royal,
Oomiaodo'c Duponl writ-v to nm, uruing the -ending of the
coa.-t -nrve> vicamo l ibh; and stating the increasing no
lor the mo>t aeeur.ue siuveys m consequence ot the
extension or opeiauon- m the southern watei-., toi the defi-
nition of ehnun«'K ;nui pMeiOff of lm<>\ * ami -<*a mai k*-
Tho -team-ji Bibb left A't-\y Voile tor Pen Ko\al about a
week ago m autieip.iMm ot this obviou-- n<ve-<-ity. ff our
me-un arc cutt-nicd w«. tunnot act thui < lh;cti\'.lv and
piomptlv.
Voum, ii>pect<u!l> . A. D. DACHJ2.
Hon. Tnvnjiirs r.;Ti:vcNS,
Okuinnun of f.jmmittcc of IVay, and Mean?.
Z'*xhad of a J.ctterfiom Cjinuiodorc Dnpoiit,
\Yaxjasii. Pour Rovai, Harbor,
South Jominrij 4, i^J.2.
' I sliotild be veiv -oiry to lo.-^e
the ->eivice^ of the hydrojraphio pmtv of the Con^tSurrcv,
underlie < rheient direction of Mi. lioutelic. w Inch ha*- been
placed inui'-i m\ command and ptotertion.c-prcmH) auhi>
Hinetme ol our alhui-. while oui seizme ami occupation of
the soutiui n u .ueis aic guiduall^v eMending, and the neces-
sity eon.-equemlv meuvu-imj tor the imw accmate sntvey^,
and the demotion of channrl-, by Mutable buoy- and other
sea matks.
I cannot ichain, ihereioie. from urging upon > ou the im-
portancc of sending an effective *team smvcymj vessel to
these waters immediately; and I should very much prefer
the Bibb,* a vessel which I know to be in good working
order.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. F. DUPONT,
Flag-Officer, commanding Sovih Atlantic
Blockading Squadron.
A. D. Bache, LL. D.,
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, Washington.
Mr. WICKLTFFE. I desire to state that I
have received a letter written by General McClel-
lan upon the same subject.
' There being no objection,
The Clerk read the following communication:
Headquarters of^jthk Army,
Washington, January 10, 1862.
My Dear Sir : I regret to learn that the Douse of Rep-
resentatives have decided to suspend woik on the coast
suivey during the war.
Tins decision ha? caused me great concern, and not
knowing whom else to address. 1 have dcteimined to write
to you, asking you to make any use >ou can of my views.
\Yith the exception ofthe icsults ol the Government ex-
pedition-. on the plains, &c , the only icitable topographical
infoimation wo have of our countij is derived liom the
Coast Sui vey.
Without the Coast Suivey maps, it would certainly have
been veiy difficult, if not impossible, to have arranged and
earned out mo.->f of our militaiy operations The valuable
map that we possess of the country ou the other side
of the Potomac, js the result ot the labois ot the Coa^
Survej.
Far fioni suspending the operations of the Coast Survey,
1 would strongly uige thatinditaiy necessity demandsthat
it^work be pushed with the gieatest vigor, and that its field
of woik be extended as far inland as possible.
The money expended upon the coast survey will be repaid
a hundied-fold in our lime of need.
I am, veiy ttuly and le-poctiully, vour obedient servant,
GEORGE ll. McCfJ-MiLAN,
Major General Commanding United States Army.
Professor A. D. Bache, Superintendent Coast Survey
Mr. DAWES. I desiio to return my thanks
to the Ilousc for affording mc an opportunity to
reply, this morning, to the speech of the gentleman
fiom New Yoik, [Mr. Sedgwick,] attempted to
be injected on Friday last between the lids of the
previous question. I shall endeavor, in availing
myself of the opportunity thus accorded me, to
deal as fairly and candidly with the House as
they have with mc.
As the debate on Friday turned much on the
repoit of the committee of which I am one of the
members, though not the chairman and not per-
mitted to speak for the committee itself, yet, per-
haps, I may speak for myself, and, so far as is
proper for me, express the views of the commit-
tee touching as well this matter as what they have
conceived to be their duty under the commission
with which they have been charged by the House.
Mr. Speaker, though I have spent the best part
of my congressional life upon investigating com-
mittees, no one such committee was ever yet raised
upon my motion. No resolution was ever yet
offered by me calling for mquiiy, or alleging ac-
cusations that needed inquiry, no motion was
ever made by me, the result of which has caused
an investigation in tins House. I have no taste
for such employment. And although I have felt
that it was neither proper for mc to seek nor to
decline the set vice that has been thus imposed
upon me, I have felt, nevertheless, when it has
come to me, that as well as it was in my power I
should meet and discharge that duty without fear,
favor, or affection. If, when, in party times that
have gone by, it has been my fortune or misfortune
to be placed upon these committees, in those times
when I have served in minorities—if in iho&o
times I have experienced less of moitiiication in
the work which I have had to do, 1 ha\e found it
incumbent upon me in these times, when I have
been place, d in a majonty, in the discharge of a like
duty, to take heed (hat 1 discharge that duty quite
as fearlessly and quite as faithfully, ho wove i much
mortification and discomfiture may be the result.
Sir, 1 have not failed to notice—and I believe the
committee of which 1 am a member have taken
notice, in common with the whole country, of the
i fact, that for some reason or othei—some unac-
1 countable reason—the charges upAi the Treasury
in this time of war, have been such as to reach
1 ncdily the bottom. Startling facts have come to
i the notice of the committee, and to the notice of
I the Vv hole country, touching the mode and manner
| of tim exfJendituie of the public money. Some of
! those items, il the [louse will have patience with
j me, I propose to call their attention to in this con-
t The j-teainei Jhbb was
l and is piobably now at
L to I'oi t Royal a week ago,
nection; and then to ask gentlemen the plain ques-
tion, whether they propose to meet this question
at all; and, if to meet it, how, when, and where?
Mr. Speaker, the very first contract entered
into by this Government after our troops had left
their homes to come here in April last for the de-
fense of this capital, by which they were to be fed,
was a contract entered into for cattle—not with
men whose business it is to furnish cattle for the
market; not with men who knew what the price
of beef in the market was; entered into without
even telegraphing to know what was the price of
beef in New York—was entered into by the Gov-
ernment here with men known about this and the
other branch of the Congress for the last ten years
as old political stipendiaries—of a class of men
who, in times past, have made what little money
they have by such operations as buying the cer-
tificates of members for books at a discount, ami
then drawing from the T-reasury the full amount—
and at such enormous rates, sir, that these men
sat down after they had received the contract,
and, in themext twenty-four hours, sub-let it to
men in New York who did know the price of
beef, on such terms that, upon the first twenty-two
hundred cattle, they put into their pockets, without
stirring from their chairs, $32,000, and the men
who furnished the twenty-two hundred head of
cattle took $26,000 more into their own pockets;
so that the contract under which these twenty-
two hundred cattlc were furnished to the Army
was so made that a profit of $57,000 over the
market price of the beef was realized on that small
number. It takes longer for a thousand head of
cattle to reach this city than it does for the Army
to consume that number; and I ask this House, at
that rate, to consider how long the most ample
provisions of the Treasury would be able to meet
simply the subsistence department of the Army.
Sir, poorly as the Army is shod to-day, a mil-
lion of shoes have already been worn out, and a
million more are already manufactured and in the
hands of the quartermasters for delivery; and yet
upon every one of these shoes there has been a
waste of seventy-five cents—$750,000 upon the
shoes already worn out, and another §750,000
upon the shoes already manufactured and not de-
livered, have been worse than wasted in that item
of expenditure.
Mr. Speaker, horse contracts have been so plenty
that Government officials have gone about the
streets with their pockets filled with them, and
with which they make presents to the clergymen
of their parishes. Some of these contracts have
served to heal old political sores, and cure bitter
political feuds; and the telegraph announced that
high public functionaries have graced with their
presence the love-feasts which were got up to cel-
ebrate political reconciliations thus brought about
—where the hatchet of political animosity is bur-
ied in the grave of public confidence, ana the na-
tional credit is crucified between malefactors. We
have just leceived the fruits of one of these con-
tracts. A regiment of cavalry has just reached
Louisville, one thousand strong, and a board of
Army officers has condemned four hundred and
eighty-five of the one thousand horses as utterly
worthless. The man who examined those horses
declared, upon his oath, that there is not one of
them worth twenty dollars. They are blind, spav-
ined, rmgboned, with the heaves, with the gland-
ers, and with every disease that horse-flesh is heir
to. Those four hundred and eighty-five horses
cost the Government before they were mustered
into the service $58,200, and it cost the Govern-
ment to transport them fiom Pennsylvania to
Louisville mote than ton thousand dollars more,
before they wrie condemned and cast off.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman permit
me to inquire from whence those horses were fur-
nished?
Mr. DAWES. It is Colonel Williams's regi-
ment of cavalry from Pennsylvania. The horses
were purchased in Pennsylvania, and forwarded
from that State to Louisville, and there condemned.
There are, sir, eighty-three regiments of cavalry,
one thousand strong, now in or round about the
Army. It costs $250,000 t0 pUt one of those re-
giments upon its feet before it marches a. step.
Twenty millions of dollars have thus been ex-
pended upon these cavalry regiments before they
left the encampments in which they were gathered
and mustered into the service. They have come
here and then some of them have been sent back
