1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 344) to secure to pilots, engineers,
sailors, and crews upon gunboats and war vessels
bounty and pensions; and
A joint resolution (No. 55) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to cause the steam frigate
Roanoke to be iron clad and otherwise improved.
bills become laws.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had, on the 17th instant,
approved and signed the following acts and reso-
lution:
An act (H. R. No. 114) authorizing floats to
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United
States for lands sold by them within the Las
Ormigas and La Nana grants, in the State of
Louisiana;
An act (H. R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of coin, and for other purposes; and
A resolution (TI. R. No. 51) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to inquire into the causes
of the failure of certain contracts for steam ma-
chinery, and to remit penalties connected there-
with.
And on the 19th instant:
An act (H. R. No. 353) to provide for the ap-
pointment of cleiks in the office of the Assistant
Treasurer at Boston, to fix their salaries, and to
provide for the absencc of the Assistant Treasurer,
and for other purposes.
commodore du pont.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Scuttle and House of licprcunttifiics ;
The third section of tin* u net further to piomote the effi-
ciency of the Navy," approved 21 st December, 1861, pro-
vides u that the i'lCaidout o( tho United States, by and with
the advice and consent ot I ho Senate, shall have the author-
ity to detail fioin the letued list of the N v\ foi the command
of squadions and single slnp?, such officer as he mav be-
lieve that the good of the set vice require-* to be thu* placed
in command; and Mich officers may, if upon the recom-
mendation of the President of tho United States they shall
receive a vote of thanks of Congress for their services and
gallantry in action against an enemy, be ic*torcd to the
active list, and not otherwise."
In conformity with this law, Captain Samuel F. Du Pont,
of the Navy, w.is nominated to the Senate for continuance
as the flag oflicer in command of ihe squadton which 10-
centiy rendered such unpoitant semce to the Union ui the
expedition to the coast* of South Carolina, Gooigia, and
Florida.
Believing that no occasion could ari^c which would nunc
fully eouospond with the intention of the l.uv, oi be mote
pregnant with happy influence an example, I coidially
recommend that Captain Samuel F. Du Pont teouve ft vote
of thanks of Congress tor hi^sei vices and gallantry displaced
in the capture, since the aibt December. ltfbl,ot various
points on the coasts of Georgia and Flonda, paitteulaily
Brunswick, Cumberland island and sound, Amelia inland,
the town* of St. Mary's, St. Augustine, and Jacksonville,
and Fernaudma. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington City, March 20, 1862.
The message was lead.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was referred to
the Committee on Naval A flairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business. It is important to have an exec-
utive session for a few moments, and then we can
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will let us proceed with the reso-
lution from the [louse of Representatives tender-
ing the aid of the General Government to such
States as think proper to emancipate their slaves.
Perhaps we can got a vote on that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that it is not to be expected that
a resolution of that character, affecting as it does
the interests of the border States, can be passed
in one hour or two hours or a day. We must
express our views upon it before such a resolu-
tion can be adopted here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is to be discussed,
we may as well hear the discussion now. As the
Senator from Delaware designs to make a speech
upon it, he can do so now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I renew my
motion that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 239) to provide for the pub-
lic defense, and to accept a loan of money therefor from the
several States, be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 344) to secure to pilots, engineers,
sailors, and crews upon gunboats and war ves-
sels, bounty and pensions—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A joint resolution (No. 55) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to cause the steam frigate
Roanoke to be iron clad and otherwise improved—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 21, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in reply to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of March 17,1862,
calling for information in relation to the marshal
and district attorneys of the northern district of
New York; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
STATIONERY OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from tho
Postmasierof the House, in answerto a resolution
of the Hou.se inquiring as to the amount of sta-
tionery furnished to committees; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DEPARTMENT 03? THE WEST.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to aquestion of priv-
ilege, which I think belongs to a member of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was recognized, and tho Chair does not know
how lie can be taken olf the floor by any question
of privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Give me the floor, sir,
and 1 will state it. It is a question of privilege,
and I think I have a right (o state it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question of privilege.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. The day before yester-
day in tho debate upon a proposition to amend
the tax bill, I referred to the action of this Gov-
ernment 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's statement cannot involve a question
of privilege. It is only a personal explanation,
and a personal explanation can only be made by
unanimous consent, of the Houiso.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am not going to make
a personal explanation, but to call upon a mem-
ber to know if he is correctly repoited in the
Globe, and then I will make my question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of personal
explanation and not of privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then if I have to appeal
to the justice of the House for unanimous con-
sent, I ask it for the purpose of ascertaining from
the member from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] whether
he is correctly reported in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks unanimous consent to make a personal
explanation. Is there objection ?
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir. I want
to ask the House to take up a bill for the benefit
of some of our soldiers, and that is of more im-
portance than any personal explanation. 1 ask
the unanimous consent of the House to takcfiom
tho Speaker's table the bill of the House (No.
14S) to secure to the ofliecis and men actually
employed m the western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension,
which has been returned from tho Senate with
amendments, i desire that the amendments shall
be concuned in.
There being no objection the bill was taken
from the Speaker's takle, and the amendments of
the Senate were agreed to, as follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, after line sixteen, insert:
Provided, That the length and character of their enlist-
ment and seivice be such as to entitle them, under existing
law, to fcucli pension.
Second amendment:
Strike out section three, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Sec. 3. Jlv&be it further enacted, That the heirs of those
killed in battle, or of those who may have died from wounds
received while so in service, shall he entitled to receive the
bounty and pay to which they would have been entitled
had they been regularly mustered into service: Provided,
That the bounty and pay leferred to in this act shall not be
payable unless their teim of enlistment and service bo of
such duration as to entitle them to receive the same, accord-
ing to existing laws.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the votes by which the amendments of the Senate
were agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. .1 ask unanimous consent
of the House to make a persoual explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] whether
he is corrcctly reported in the following paragraph
from yesterday's Globe:
" I will simply add, without consumingmy five minutes,
that in the case'of the Cicole,to which the gentleman from
Kentucky alluded, although the Government, then virtu-
ally in the hands of slaveholder. did make some attempt
to obtain pay for tho«e slaves from the British Government,
it was not granted to them; and I leiteiate the statement
that the Genet al Government has nevei lecogntzed the light
of piopeity m human beings They have simply let it alone
in the States because the Constitution, as they conceived,
did not give them the powei to interfere with it there. It
has- been snnpl v skulking behind the doctrine of State sov-
eieignty "
I desire to state 
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see that there is any
personal explanation in that.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair has no control
over it. The House has given the gentleman per-
mission to make a personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
is about to get up a discussion on the Creole
matter.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir; I wish to prove
what I said in the debate was the fact; and the
gentleman [Mr. Lovejoy] ought to have known
better. My statement in substance was, that the
Government of the United States, in al! of its de-
partments, executive, legislative, and judicial, and
m its foreign intercourse, had regarded slaves as
property. As such the Constitution, the laws of
the United States, and the laws of nations, had
protected it as property.
I referred to the case of the Creole, and stated
that the British Government had paid the owners
of the slaves on that vessel. The gentleman does
not withdraw his contradiction. I now produce
a public document, printed by order of Congress.
I It is the proceeding of the joint commission, of
Mr. Upham of the United States, and Mr Hanby
of England, and Mr. Bates of London, a jurist
of great ability and character, which roads as fol-
lows. This adjudication embraced the slaves of
two other ships. The British Government paid
the money for the whole of these slaves:
Bates Umpire:
This case having been submitted to the umpire fur lus
decision, he hereby lepoits that the claim ha* grown out
of the following ciicum^tances :
The. American brig (Jieole, Captain Ensor, sailed fiom
Hampton Roads, in the State ot Virginia, on the 27th Oc-
tobei, Itf-ll, having on boaid one hundied and tluity five
slaves, hound foi Nov/ Oilcan^. On the 7th ISovembei, at
nine o'clock in the evening, a portion ot the t-lnve^ ro-e
against the oiheeis, eiew. and pa^mirer^. wounding so
veiely the captain, the chief mate, and two of the etew, and
muKleiing one ot the passengers; the mutineer*;, having got
complete po«?e-s-«ion of ihe vessel, otdeied the mate, under
threat of instant death, should he di-ohev ot dcc-ive them,
to steer lor Nassau, in the inland of New PiovidMice,
wiieu; the bug nmved on the 9th of Novenibci, Jd41.
The Ametioiui consul was nppnr-ed of the situation of
the ves-el, and -eqno-ted the Governoi to take mea-mieno
pt event the escape of the slave-:. and to have the nnuderew
secured. Tile consul leceived leply from th«' Governor,
stating that, under the eiieum^tances^ he would comply
with the j.'que-t.
Tue eoiiMii u ent on boaid tin: bug, plae< d the mate m
'oi'itirmd in phu-e of the disabled ma*tu, and found the
-lav <si! <jUiol
