1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to Elmira; they have been sent back to Annapo-
lis; they have been sent here and they have been
sent there to spend the winter; and many of the
horses never sent back have been tied to posts
and to trees within the District of Columbia, and
there left to starve to death. A guide can take
you around the District of Columbia to-day to
hundreds of carcasses of horses chained to trees
where they have pined away, living on bark and
limbs till they starve and die; and the Committee
for the District of Columbia have been compelled
to call for legislation here, to prevent the city
wherein we are assembled from becoming an
equine Golgotha.
-Why, Mr. Speaker, an e^-Governor of one
State-offered to the ex-judge of another State $5,000
to get him permission to raise one of these regi-
ments of cavalry; and when the ex-judge brought
back the commission the ex-Governor took it to
his room at the hotel, while another co-plunderer
sat at the keyhole watching like a mastiff for his
dinner. He counted up $40,000 profit upon the
horses, $20,000 on the accouterments, and like
profits for the other details in furnishing the regi-
ment.
In addition to the arms now in the hands of the
six hundred thousand soldiers in the field, and
those pui chased abroad, theie are outstanding con-
tracts to-day—made with private individuals, and
not made upon public advertisement; made with
ex-members of Congress—who know no more
of the difference between arms than a mere child,
with ex-brokers and their fathers and brothers
—outstanding contracts for the manufacture of
Springfield muskets, the first one of which cannot
be delivered within six months from this day,
one million and ninety-two thousand in number,
at twenty-one dollars a piece, when the Spring-
field aimory manufactures them to-day for $13 50.
An ex-member of Congress is to-day in Massa-
chusetts trying to get the machinery made by
which he can manufacture, some six months hence
at twenty-one dollars apiece, the rifled Spring-
field muskets that are manufactured to-day at the
Springfield armor}'' for §13 50. Before a single
one of these muskets will have been delivered, the
Springfield armory will be put in capacity to turn
out thirty thousand rifled muskets every month.
The Lord, before six months shall have passed,
will have disposed of this war, or He will have dis-
posed of us. There will not be one of these mus-
kets here before this difficulty will, ill the provi-
dence of God, have been surmounted. I ask my
friends from the Northwest, who expcct to have
a "United States armory at Chicago, or at Rock
Island, or Quincy, or some other beautiful place
there, what they will make in it if one million and
ninety-two thousand Springfield muskets are to
be put upon the country after this war is over, and
at this enormous price. In addition, Mr. Speaker,
there aie outstanding contracts for the manufac-
ture, sometime hence, of two hundred and seventy-
two thousand Enfield tifley.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What is the name of the
ex-member of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. It is unnecessary, for the pur-
pose of my argument at this time, for me to men-
tion names, and especially when I am charged by
my friendfromNewYorkwithdesiringto blacken
men's names and using my position upon the se-
lect committee to that. end. I desiic to bring to
the attention of the House thcenormous expend-
itures of the Government; and it does not make
so much difference in this discussion whether A
or B gets the job.
Mr". ARNOLD. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts permit me to have lead a letter from
General Ripley, showing how much cheaper and
better arms can be made by the Government than
they can be furnished by these contractors.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can have that
letter read when 1 get through. 1 speak by the
figure: and I know what I am speaking oil at this
time, if 1 should not on some other occasion.
Seventy-five thousand three humlird and forty -
three eailimes ar*1 contracted for, to be made !; v
and by nt <fl,n7H,44'2. I have not time to enum-
ate all of tile contracts. While we appropriated
at the last sesi-ion $-0,000,000 far tins purpose,
$37,000,000 and odd have already been pledged,
not for the puichase of anus for men in the field,
not to provide arms for the men who are fighting
the battles of the country, but for some use upon
some future occasion. Not only has the appro-
priation been exhausted, but $17,000,000 has been
pledged. The fall of Sumter and the riot of 19th
of April in Baltimore opened this ball. On the 21st
of April, in the city of New York, there was or-
ganized a corps of plunderers upon the Treasury,
and $2,000,000 was put at the discretion of a poor
unfortunate—honest, I think—but entirely incom-
petent editor of a newspaper. He went straight-
way to purchase linen pantaloons and straw hats
and London porter and dried herrings and such
like provisions for the Army, including Hall's
carbines, until lie had used up §240,000 of the
money, and then he got scared and stopped.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend has made a slight
mistake. He expended §390,600 instead of
$240,000.
Mr. DAWES. With the eye of my friend from
New York upon me, I would rather keep a little
under. [Laughter.] The appropriation for that
money was contained in the bills of the last ses-
sion, and the appropriation for the others I have
no doubt are provided for in the bills already re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
There, too, is a wood contract, where a man
has the pledge of the Government to pay him
seven dollars a cord for all the wood that he will
deliver to the camps around about this Jerusalem.
Nevertheless, be picks up the wood cut down to
clear the way for our dumb batteries,and lie sends
it to the camps in the Army baggage wagons. He
has no further trouble, so far as 1 am able to learn,
than to draw his seven dollars a cord, and to let
the Government draw the wood. [Laughter.]
That appropriation will come up in one of these
bills. If I should raise an objection, I fear I
should be met with the imputation that I desire
to blacken some man's chaiactcr.
Mr. Speaker, it takes $2,000,000 every day to
support the Army in the field. One hundred mil-
lions have thus been expended since wc met here
in the beginning of December, upon an Army in
repose. What they will be when that great day
shall arrive—if it shall ever arrive—when our eyes
shall be gladdened with the sight of the Army in
motion, I do not know. Another $100,000,000
will go with this, as the $100,000,000 more I have
here enumerated, outside of the daily support of
tlic Army, have gone—another $100,000,000, I
say, must be added to this before the 4th of March.
Sir, what it may cost to put down this rebellion,
I care very little, provided it may be put down;
but, sir, faith without works is dead: and I am
free to confess that my faith sometimes falls—my
faith in men, not in the cause.
Sir, when the history of these times shall have
been written, it will be somewhat doubtful upon
whom the guilt will rest most heavily—upon him
v/ho has conspired to destroy, or upon him who
has proved incompetent to preserve, the institu-
tions which have been becpieathed to us by our
fathers. Sir, amid all these things, is it strange
that the public Treasury trembles and staggers
like a strong man with a great burden upon him?
Sir, that man beneath an exhausted receiver gasp-
ing for breath isnotmorc helpless to-day than is the
Treasury of this Government beneath the exhaust-
ing process to which it is subjected. The mighty
monarch of the forest himself may hold at bay the
proudest and the mightiest of his loes while the vile
cur comes up behind him, opening his veins, and
j though ho may struggle and struggle on, boldly
| and valiantly, the life-blood trickling from his
; soul, yet sooner or later hisgrasp will be unloosed,
j and lie will faint and falter and die.
! Without income from your custom-houses,
1 from your land sales, liom any souice whatevei,
to su^ain the Treasury notes you are issuing,
< they are already beginning to fall in the market.
| Already aie they sold at five per cent, discount at
j the tables of the money changers—six per cent.
| my friend near me says—and while wc were ex-
jj hibiting the singular spectacle here on Fu'lay ol
struggling with the Committee ofWaysand Means
itselfm an endeavoi to lift up and sustain the
credit of the country, the sutler, that curse of the
camp, was following the paymaster, as a shark
j follows a ship on its voyage, and buying up foi
i! four dollars every five of the wages of the soldier
' paid in Treasury notes.
Now, sir, 1 have no desire to hasten on this
i Army. 1 have no desire to interfere with itsop-
' erations, or to criticise any of its movements, but
J in view of the stupendous drafts upon the Treas-
ury, I have to sayV'tfie'longest road has its turn,
and the deepest well has its- bottom. Sixty days
of the present state of things will bring abput a
consummation. It is impossible for theTreasury
of the United States to meet and continue t-o mejjt
this state of things sixty days longer; and'an ig-
nominious peace is upon this country, and at our
very doors, unless we see to it that the, credit of
this country is sustained, and sustained, too, fciy
a conviction upon the people, going forth from
this Hall,'that we will treat as traitors not only
those who are bold and manly enough to meetus
face to face in the field, but also those who clan-
destinely and stealthily draw our life-blood from
us in this mighty struggle.
I do not, Mr. Speaker, fail to recognize the
great duties which are incumbent upon the Com-
mittee tff Ways and Means. They will-not find
in me an antagonist. They will, to the amount
of my ability, find me contribi 'ing what little is
in my power to aid them in carrying through the
mighty measures they have got to institute to save
us from utter ruin. By their side, if it bo worth
anything, I will stand to aid them in all those
measures; but those measures will fall like a dead
pall upon the public unless before them goes this
assurance that these vast and extreme measures
instituted to resuscitate and revive and replenish
the Treasury are not merely for means to fill
other and longer as well as the already gorged
pocketsof public plunderers. How, then, are we
to contribute in this matter of reviving public con-
fidence in our measures here, if it be not, when
these appropriations come up, that we show a
willingness and detenuiuation to probe them,that
we may ascertain whether there be or bo not in
them anything that can be spared at this moment?
During the last vacation, that which was to most
of you a recreation, I felt that the duty imposed
upon me by the Speaker was to do what little was
in my power practically to save the Treasury from
further plunder. I went, as a committee man, to
work. I traveled six thousand miles without com-
pensation. I devoted myself faithfully, if notsuc-
cessfully, to that work, in a disposition to render
myself practically useful with my colleagues upon
that committee; and when we thought we found"
any matter that needed investigation, that there
might be a practical result, we laid the matter
before the Departments, and it is due to them to
say that with one or two exceptions they heart-
ily cooperated with us; and 1 venture to say that
some little at least has been saved to the country
through that instrumentality. It was this that
prompted us in the matter now more immediately
befoie the House. I regret that any gentleman
should infer that it was a disposition to attack a
high public functionary, whose character has al-
ways been so high and so above reproach that
no man in bitter party times, or any other, has
brought aught against him. The attempt to force
this controversy upon the shoulders of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by those who are disposed
to hurry this appropriation through, without fur-
ther consideration of its merits, has been, if from
any quaiter, that of which the Secretary himself
has most reason to complain. The man is no true
friend of the Secretary or of his reputation who
insists upon charging to him, or to his door, what-
ever of complaint there grows out of this matter.
With the distinct and positive declaration upon the
part of eveiy man who has called in question this
particular item, that it was without fault of the
Secretary of the Treasury, I repeat that the attempt
to carry it in upon the shouldeis of the Secretaiy
is an attempt, if not intended, certainly attended
with the result of making him answer for other
people's sins. Nor am I disposed to be diiven
from the position at fust assumed upon this ques-
tion.
I am not, sir, to lose sight of the fact that all
that was asked by the amendment offered by liiy
colleague [Mr. H'olman] upon the committee, and
supported by the other membei s of the committee,
was to postpone so much of this appropi lation as
was necessary to fulfill that existing contiact, and
to leave the lest of it, if possible, to its legitimate
expenditure—to postpone it, not to defeat it,^un-
less, upon an investigation by those upon whom
investigation is incumbent here, it- shall piove
such a contract as deserves to be scorned and le-
i pudiated by those upon whom the just adniinis-
!! tration of the affairs of'the Goveinmcnt rests. M y
|| colleague upon the committee said, all v/ho Invw;
