1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
About noon twenty African soldiers, wuhan African ser-
geant ami vo? jKual, i otninanded bv a white officer, came on
board. The office* wa- mtioduced by the consul !0 the mate
as commanding officer of the \ esse!.
The consul, on leturmng to the shore, was summoned to
attend the Governor and Council, who were m«e >.jon, who
informed the consul that they had come to the following
decision:
" 1. That the courts of the law had no jurisdiction over
the allowed offenses.
"2. That, a? information had been lodged before the Gov-
ernor charging that the cume of murder had been commit-
ted on board said vessel wmle on the high seas, it was expe-
dient that the parties nnpiicatedin^ograveaebarge should
not he allowed to go at large, and that an investigation ought,
therefore, to be nmde into the charges, and examination?
taken on oath, when, if it should appear that the original
information was correct, and that a murder had actually
been committed, that alt the parties implicated in such
crime or other act" of violence, should be detained here
until rcfeieneo could bo made to the Secret,nv of State to
ascertain whether the parties should be delivered o\ei to
the United States Government} if not, how otherwise to
dispose of them.
1,4 3. That, as soon a« sneh examinations should be taken,
all persons on board the Cieole not implicated in any of ttie
offenses alleged to have been committed on boaid that ves-
sel, mu>t be released from further icstiaint."
Then two magistrates- woie sent on boaid. The Ameri-
can consul went also. The examination was commenced
on Tuesday the 9th. and was continued on Wednesday the
10th, and then postponed until Fudayon account of the ill-
ness of Captain Ensor. On Fuday morning jt was abruptly,
and without any explanation, teimmated.
On the btiine day aim so number of boats assembled near
the Creole, filled with e'oloied person®, armed with blud-
geons. They were under the immediate command of the
pilot who took the vessel into the poit, who was an officer
of the Government, and a coloied man. A sloop or larger
launch was alio towed fiom the shore- and anchored near
the brig. The sloop was filled with men armed with club*,
and clubs weie pa^ed from her to pei-ons m the boats. A
vast eoncoutse of people were collected on the shore oppo-
site the brig.
During the whole time the officers of the Government
were on board they encouragcd the insuboidmation of the
slaves.
The Americans in port dcteimined to unite and furnish
the necessary aid to foavard the \ es-el and negioo to New
Oilcans. The consul and the officer- and news of two
other American voxels-- had, in fact, united with the offi-
cers, men, and passengers ot the Creole to effect thn. They
weie to conduct her to Indian U.uav, FJoiida, whcie there
was a ves-cl of war of the Umt< d State-*.
On Friday inoniing the-consul was informed that attempt
would be made to iiberaicMhe slaves 1>\ force,and fiomthe
mate he received information of the {lneatemnu «*t:ito of
tiling. The losuli was, the attomev general and other
officers went on boaid the Cieole. The slaves, identified
as on board the Vermel concerned m the mutiny, woio ?-nit
on shore, and the residue of the slaves were called on deck
by direcuon of the attorney general, who addiessed them
m the following terms:
•'My 0lends,'' or "my men, you have been detained a
short tune on boaid the Cieole foi the puipo=e of a.-eo'tam-
ing what individual* were concerned in the nmider. They
have been identified,and will be detained- The ion of\ou
aie free, ami at hhcity to go on &hote, and wheievei vou
please."*
The liberated slaves, assisted bv tlie magistrates, were
then taken on bo.ud the boat-, and when landed, weie eon-
ducted by .v v.T t a>-enibhufe to the superintendent of police,
by whom then names weie i entered. They were thus
foicibly taken from the custody of the mastei of the Creole
and lu-r to t!ie claimants
1 need not setei to authoi ities to show that slavery, how
ever odiou- and contrary to the puuciples of ju-tice and
humanity, may be e-ribli-died by law in an\ country; and,
having been so e-tabli-hed m many countue<, it cannot be
contiary to the law of nation^.
Tlie Creole was on a vo\aire, sanctioned and ptoteeted
by the law s of tluj United States and by th<- law- of nations.
Her light to naviirate the ocean could not be quofuomd,
and a- growing onto! that ri<rht. the right to seek shehn
or enter the poit- of a friendly Powei In case of dishes- or
any unavoidable nece-.-ity.
A vc^ol navigating tin;* ocean cairies with her the laws
of her own country, so far as relates to the poisons and
ptopeitv on board, 21ml. to a ceit.iin extent, ieuun- tho-e
ri< lit^ cvrn in tiie port-* of the lorei'jn nations she may vMt.
Now, tin- being she nateor the law of nation--, what wi-ii-
the duties of the authorities of Xa->au in ii-craid to the
Ci pole ? ft i- submitted the mutmern - could not he tried In
the point- of that l-i.uid, the cume havin« been connmttr-d
on the luuh seas. All that the authorities could !awiui!\
do. wa- to complv with the leijueM of the Amc.ni. an con-
sul. and keep the mutineer- in cu-iody nnt.t a convej ancc
could be found for sending them to the I'ntfd Slate*.
Tiie othei slaves, bums pell< etly qu;u. and under the
«*i>niiuaud of the can'am and o\\ nei-. and on boaid an Amcr
ie-ui -dup, the nuthniihe< -houid have seen that tbev weie
pi elected'bv the law- of nation- ; then lurhts undei w hu-h
cannot he abiogated 01 vaued. emiei by the emancipauon
act ot any othei aet oi the Buti-h I'at'.jineiit
Black-tone, fourth •wdume, speaking of the law of na-
tions, states- 'v yyiicn-'vei am gtte.-tion hih'?. whieli 1-
pio{)i-n\ iLe ol-jci-t of u- juu-dictn n. Midi law is lieie
ado[)ted in Us lnii extent by the common law M
The inunieipai law of Eim'and eannot authoi i/e a matris- j
tiate to \ jidase the law of nations by invading u lib an armed
loree the ve^-el of a friendly nation that ha- committed 110 1
often-•, and foimbn- dis-olvinu the lehtioac which. b\ tlie
law* ol his co'.mta, the captain is bound to pjeseive and
cnfoice on boaid. j
The-e I'lhis -auctioned bv the law of nation*, namely
ih-1 1 to na\ i:/.ito the o< ean, and ,o -pek -h.-ltei in ea-e
o|'d,-tif-- 01 othd unavoidable eueuin-ianee-, and to )e-
Uin ovei th> idup, her caigo, and pa—eager,., th'j laws of
her own country—must be iespected by all nations, foi no
independent nation would submit to their violation.
Having it-ad all the autnouties icfcried to in the aigu-
mcntson both sides, I have come to the conclusion that
the conduct of the authoi ities of Nassau was m violation
of the established law of nations, and that the claimants
aie ju*!!y entitled to compensation for their losses. 1 there-
to award to the undermentioned paitie*, their assigns or
legal repieyentatives, the sums set opposite their names,
due on the 15th of Januaiy, 1855.
GUNBOATS, PILOTS, ENGINEERS, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Houso to report back from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs a bill (H. R. No.344) to
sccuie to pilots, engineers,sailors,andcrcws upon
gunboats and war vessels their bounty and pen-
sions.
The bill was originally leported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
There being 110 objection, the bill was reported
back, and read. It provides that the pilots, en-
gineers, sailors, and crews upon gunboats and war
vessels of the United States, who have not been
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States, shall be entitled to the same bounty allowed
to persons 111 the naval service, provided they con-
tinue in scrvico to the close of the present war;
and that all persons serving as aforesaid, who have
been or may be wounded or incapacitated foi ser-
vice, shall be entitled to receive for such disability
the pension allowed by existing laws; and that
each and every person shall receive pay accord-
ing to corresponding rank in the naval service.
The second section provides that the heirs of all
persons who have been and may be employed as
aforesaid, or who have been or may be killed in
battle, or of those who have died or shall die of
wounds received while so employed, shall be paid
the bounty and pension allowed under existing
laws of the naval service, according to rank, as
provided in the preceding section.
The Committee on Naval Affairs recommended
amendments, as follows:
At the end of the fiiM, section msoitthc following proviso •
Provided, That no person leceiving ponMon 01 bounty
undei the ptovwons of this act, i-hall receive either pen-
sion or bounty for any other seivice m the piesent wai.
In the i-eocmd ^eclion, al'tei the woid " the," insert the
wonl-s " widow-ands>o that it will read: " That the wid-
ows and liciis of all penou:?.," &c.
Amend the title hy .sti iking out the woid (< then so that
it will read : ii lUll to 5-ecuie to pilots, engineeis, sailois,
and ciews upon gunboats and war vessels bounty and pen-
sions."
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee 011 Naval Affairs whether
it is understood that this bill, of which the first
section seems a little ambiguous, applies to pilots,
engineers, and sailors on gunboats on the west-
LiMr^SEDGWICK. It does. That is the ob-
ject of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then it is manifestly right,
cloarly right, no doubt of it.
The question was taken on the amendments to
the bill; and they were respectively agreed to.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read u third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. SEDG WICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IUOX-FHRATIIING THE ltOANOKE.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from tin- Committee on Naval Affairs a
joint resolution, the propriety of which will ap-
pear. It is veiy short, and there is a necessity
for its immediate passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of tiie Navy to cause the United
States steam filiate Roanoke to be iron clad and
otherwise altered and unmoved, in his discretion,
at the earliest day possible.
Theie being no objection, the joint resolution
was \eported, leeeived its several readings, and
passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to x*econsider the vote
bv which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to Iny the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I3i:srXi'>S OK Til 12 SKSSIOX.
Ml .STEVENS Before moving that the rules
be suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I desire to say that I hope no .motion
will be made to adjourn over to-morrow, or, if
made, that the House will not agree to it. There
are three or four very urgent matters that we can-
not take up until we have disposed of the tax bill.
But there are things that can be acted on to-mor-
row, such as amendments from the Senate, and
one or two matters for the Treasury Department,
which are important to have acted on. I intend,
therefore, before we adjourn to-day, to move to
postpone the tax bill until Monday, so that we
may attend to those other matters to-morrows-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. May I ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
this question: if wc meet on Saturdays and work
industriously on that day and other days, how
soon, probably, will Congress be able to adjourn ?
Mr. STEVENS. That depends upon how
many objections there may be to the tax bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I have made none.
The gentleman will acquit me. I have a great
many objections to it, but I see no use in making
any.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, so far as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is concerned, that we
shall be able to adjourn by the 1st of May.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope so.
Mr. STEVENS. But, in order to do that, we
must work more days than we have done, and
perhaps a little in the evenings.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And extra hours
on Sundays. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, i desire to get out of the way
a few bills that cannot, without great detriment
to the public service, be acted on until the tax bill
is disposed of. Hence, I ask the House not to
adjourn over to-morrow. Of course, it is not
necessary for every member to be present when
these bills are being acted on to-morrow. They
are not quite so important as the tax bill, although
they are quite important to the Department.
PAY, ETC., OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, with amendments, an act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes; which was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. BINGHAM asked and obtained leave to
have printed the substitutes reported by him yes-
terday for the bills (II. R. No. 107 and No. X26)
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary in
reference to the confiscation of property.
LAW OF PRIZE.
Mr. THOMAS, ofMassachusetts, I ask unan-
imous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table a bill to facilitate judicial proceedings in ad-
judications upon captured property, and for the
better administration of the law of prize, returned
from the Senate with a few verbal amendments,
which I ask may be concurred in.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendments
reported, as follows:
Htuke out the words final decree," in the fii^t section,
and in^eit in lieu thereof the woids "further order of tlie
COUlt
Scr-tion four, alter the word *' evidence,'"mseitthe word
and.,J
Unme section, htnke out the wotds "and as soon a^prac-
ticabl^ tlKueaftcr," and m.jcit in iicu thereof the woid* " to
the end that."
Same section, strike out the words u of distiibution,"
whoieviT it occiii*.
^oction fivp. nftei the word "Innl'V insert the woids
di-tei mining 'what public &hip? of the United Status are
entitled to share m the puze, and whethei the pnzuwasol
supciioi. o(jual, or inferior iorce to the ve-^rl ot voxels
making the captuie;'' that the sections will lead :
And it the -aine be so found by the eouit. upon said report
or othei evidence, the couit ma) tin lenpwu ouh 1 an inter-
locutory .-ale thereof by the United State- mat-dial, and tlie
depo*it"ot the <iiops pioeeed- of siu-li >ale in the registry of
the couit, to abide the tuithcr ordei ot the. court, whether
a elmm to said piopcrty ha-; or ha.-, not been mteipo^ed-
4. dud lc it fuithrr ovictcdy That whensoever a
final doetee of condemnation of piopetty captmed a- prize
ehall have been made, unle—. an liiteilocutoiy^ale has been
niod-; «is hereinbeioH pinvid<-d fn. the piopeny ^hail be sold
by the United State- mai^-hal puwiant to tlu-'pimjee and
pioreed ng- in adnvidlu. and the i>u>-s pioceedrf of such
sale in h>ul.vw;li dc poi-it<-d in eourt; and theieupon
the pi i/i- eoninn—msK-is sh:dl pi<>ee( d, undet the dhe< tion
of the court, to take the requisite evidence and todeiermiuu
