1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that sad financial blot on those States, which the
nation is made to suffer, we might at this time
borrow all the money we need at five per cent.
On the 7th of March our public debt amounted to
the comparatively small sum of §76,455,000. It is
fair to suppose that the money in the Treasury ob-
tained by the then recent loan of General Dix was
ample to pay the entire floating debt, for he was
a prompt man of business and an able financier.
Let us see what was the condition of the public
credit. On the 13th of February, 1861, General
Dix issued proposals for §8,000,000 six per cent,
twenty years' stock. On the 23d day of the same
month the bids were opened, and it wis found
that $14,400,000 was offered at the average rate
of $90 47 for the $100. Our public credit was not
then a corpse. The amount offered was large
when we recollect that five States had already
seceded from the Union, and as far as that had
any weight the Union was dismembered, but high
hopes were entertained of the new Administra-
tion, and it was shown by the proposals to take
United States stock. On the 22d of March, 1861,
Mr. Chase made his first essay in finance by is-
suing proposals for $8,000,000 six per cent, twenty
years stock. Such was the continued rebound of
confidence in the Government that the very large
sum of $27,182,000 was offered at rates for the
amount of the loan nearly four per cent, higher
than the loan of the previous month. TheTreas-
ury was then, 2d day of April, very low, debts
accumulating, Fort Sumter was invested, a civil
war on the eve of irruption, and yet, for the dif-
ference of one half of one per cent, between the
price offered and the price he thought he ought
to have, the Secretary offensively rejected all the
proposals except for $3,099,000, at the rate of
$94 03 for the $100. In the acceptance of bids at
the very next stock loan at lower rates, the Gov-
ernment thereby lost $436,000. But to return. In
view of the situation of the country, I humbly con-
ceive that common sense as well as sound finan-
cial policy would have dictated a grateful accept-
ance of the full amount of the loan.
On the 6th of April proposals were issued for
$4,901,000 six per cent, two years' Treasury
notes, receivable in payment of cluties, and those
realized their par value. But only $5,340,000 was 1
tendered.
It is fresh in the memory of all that directly after
the fall of Sumter the sublimest event in history
transpired—the instant uprising of twenty mil-
lions of patriotic people to defend, maintain, and
perpetuate their free institutions.
It seems to me that a finance minister, needing
money, animated by a prudent foresight, and
looking to a pregnant future, would have taken
advantage of the excitement, which even reached \
capitalists and guardians of public funds, to ob- |
tain the whole §23,000,000 which he had still !
authoiity to issue. He let slip the golden oppor- ;
tunity, and when cold calculation resumed its
sway he issued proposals on the 11th of May for ;
$8,994,000 six per cent, twenty years'stock, or i
in lieu thereof proposals at par for two years' six
per cent. Treasury notes, receivable for public
dues. The response was so feeble that a grace of .
four days was given, and then, mainly by the per-
sonal exertions of Mr. Cisco, the estimable Assist-
ant Treasurer at New York, bids to the amount of
$7,441,000 were obtained at an average of $85 34
for the $100, with offerings for $1,864,000 notes
at par.
At subsequent periods, and while short and
harrassed for money, $2,584,550 Treasury notes
were disposed of at par, and discounts were ob-
tainedin thoNew York banks to secure temporary
relief, but not sufficient to enable the Secretary
to keep up public credit by paying promptly.
1 have thus far and faniy_ glanced at all the
operations of the Secretary prior to the extra ses-
sion of Congress, and I leave an impartial world
to judge if they were conducted with u masterly
ability."
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury was
submitted to Congress at its extra session. He ex-
pressed "an opinion" " that $240,000,000 should
be sought through loans," and " $«0,000,000 pro- !
vided by direct taxes, an excise tax, and by in- j
creased duties on foreign imports." Y/e author-
ized the issue of $250,000,000 of public secui ities, ;
giving the widest latitude for their issue, and al- j
lowing the high rate of seven and three tenths per j
cent, interest, with the privilege of issuingdemand
notes to theamount of $50,000,000. No restric-
tions were imposed to prevent the display of
" masterly financial ability." In furtherance of
his suggestions we passed a direct tax bill, we
levied nigh rates of duty on tea, coffee, spices, and
sugar; and we most unwisely increased the duties
on wines, brandies, and silks.
By that injudicious measure we struck a serious
blow at our crippled trade and commerce; we
largely reduced our revenues; and by a marked
appearance of hostility to foreign manufacturing
interests, suffering from various causes—loss of
trade with this country and short crops—we re-
pelled the needed sympathy and friendship of the
two leading nations of Europe. Let us repair the
mischief.
I have no means of following in detail, from
ofHcial sources, the transactions of the Treasury
Department since the 1st of July, but I append a
" brief recapitulation in full from the last report
of the Secretary of the Treasury."
A brief recapitulation will exhibit the general
result from 30th of June to 30th November:
There was paid to creditors, or exchanged for coin at par, at
diffeient dates in July and August, six percent, two v eats'
notes to the amount of. ^14,019,034 60
There was borrowed, at par, in the same *
months, upon sixty days' six per cent.
notes, tile sum of  12,877,750 00
There wa* borrowed, at par, on the 10th of
August, thiee yeais' seven and three tenths
percent, bonds,issued for the most pait to
sublet ibct'b to the national loan  50,000,000 00
There was horiowed on the Ht October upon
like securities  50,000,000 00
There was boirowed, at pai, tor seven per
cent., on the 10th of November, upon
twenty years' six per cent, bonds leduced
to the equivalent of sevens, including in-
terest  45,795,478 43
There have been issued and circulated of
Treasury notes payable on demand...... 2-1,550,32a 00^
Making an aggregate realized from loans in
vaiionsfoimsof ..§197,242,588 14
Stripped of all mystification and verbiage, the
much vaunted " arrangement" with the banks of
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia was nothing
more or less than discounting at less than sixty
days the public securities (the best in existence)
at a higher rate of interest than they, the banks,
could legally charge firms and individuals. The
substantial aid rendered to the Govcrnmentcame
from the patriotic citizens who wisely and gener-
ously took the popular loan, and thus placed the
Secretary in funds to pay the notes or securities
discounted by the banks. If the Secretary has
displayed skill in paying about seven and a half
per cent, for money when it was abundant at five
or six per cent, on collaterals, I am dull indeed.
And, if he is entitled to any praise for not resort-
ing to London, where money is only two and a
half per cent, from its abundance, it shall not fall
from my lips.
With all due deference to the opinion of the able
and in tell igen tchairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, I think that high functionary committed a
very grave political mistake when he sought a
position for which he is not qualified, and resigned
his scat in the Senate for the privilege of virtually
wielding the civil patronage of the Government.
Sir, I am opposed to the present consideration
ofe very question except those relating to financial,
military, and naval affairs.
This bill and others, which consumed the time
of the House last week, might without detriment
to the public service be considered one or two
months hence. But there is a most pressing ne-
cessity that our time should be devoted to measures
that will afford relief to our distracted finances.
One of the first measures that should engage atten-
tion is the passage of a tax bill—clean, straightfor-
ward taxation—to theamount of full $100,000,000.
It is a serious matter to impose heavy burdens
upon a loyal and generous people, but it cannot
be avoided. From this tax we can realize about
§74,000,000, from the people of the loyal States,
which they will cheerfully pay rather than submit
to the degradation of bankruptcy; and the balance
we will collect from the disloyal States within
twelve months with interest. The measure is plain
and simple, and might be drafted in a dayby fol-
lowingthe bill of the extra session. Has any man
heard a word or murmur against that highly neces-
sary and just measure ?
Then it might be in consonance with a sound
financial policy to issue Treasury warrants to be
a legal tender, and bearing a small annual inter-
est, payable when exchanged for permanent secu-
rities.
In this connection, I would say that I am fri
favor of the appointment of commissioners to
proceed to Europe to negotiate a loan for the Gov*
ernment.
To still further strengthen the value of the'-pub-
lic securities and augment the revenues, I desire
the passage of an excise bill, and the repeal of the
additional duties on wines, brandies, silks, and
some other articles, imposed by the act of the 5th
of August.
I earnestly protest against hampering commerce
and smothering the vitality of the cities, from
whence all our money has flowed, by too stringent
restrictions. I would unloose some of the fetters
which shackle commerce, so that it might spread
its white wings once more and sail forth to peace-
fully capture and enrich us with foreign prizes.
I call upon the members of this House to firmly
resolve that they will at once bend ail their ener-
gies to restore the credit of the nation, which is
now of even more importance than to win a battle
on the banks of the Potomac.
In conclusion, sir, it is with pain and humilia-
tion that I mention the fact (which is my apology
for this speech) that the credit of the Government
has sunk so low from its culpable delay in the
payment of its just debts that it cannot purchase
its immense supplies at fair market prices. It is
also pitiably true that the offices of the quarter-
masters in the city of New York are all so be-
sieged by public creditors that they have been
compelled to put up notices of "No funds." No
funds ! This is a day of deep humiliation caused
by flagrant mismanagement; and such is the finan-
cial condition of a nation whose people have more
enterprise, energy, and productive capacity than
any other of like number, and which has more
wealth in its soil, forests, quarries, ores, and mines,
than all Europe, and more gold hid in its bosom
than has tempted the avarice of the whole human
race.
Mr. Speaker, I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until the second Tuesday
in February.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, when this
bill was before the House on Friday last, 1 took
occasion to make some observations in opposition
to the proposition to strike out this appropriation.
I will now say that on-that occasion I spoke from
a sense of justicc, and that I had no previous in-
timation from anybody in regard to the nature of
this appropriation. I sat here and listened to the
debate by which the proposition to strike it out
was supported, and 1 hope I did not do any gen-
tleman injustice when I said that the ground of
opposition to this appropriation was, that there
had been an unfair contrivance on the part of the
Government officials, by which fair competition
for the'work had been prevented, and it had been
given to these two corporations—the American
Bank Note Company and the National Bank Note
Company—by some artifice that was unworthy
of the Government. Now, to show that I was
not mistaken in regard to the matter, I would
recall to the recollection of the House the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] a member of the investigating commit-
tee, who read from the evidence the testimony, as
he said, of a witness who knew that Mr. Har-
rington, for three or four days or more, from day
to day, keptMr.Ormsby, a competent contractor,
off by saying that this matter would be taken up,
with an intimation that he should have a fair
chance of competing for the work, and that when
he finally obtained an audience, he was told the
work had already been let. Now, if that is not
an imputation upon the Secretary of theTreasury
or his assistant, then there is no point in the op-
position to this appropriation. I understand that
charge to be distinctly made, and the evidence to
sustain it to be contained in the testimony of this
witness Hopkins, and nobody else. Without in-
quiry, but upon the face of the testimony which
is presented by tiie investigating committee, I
took occasion to say that that evidence was taken
for another purpose, and to subserve that pur-
pose; and so far as that is concerned, I have noth-
ing to say. I presume the result was a just and
proper one, and I have no remark to make upon
it. But the witness went further, and undertook
to give evitHnce from which the committee in-
