1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
retain from the proceeds of such sale the amount demand-
able for the u«eof the United States, with the said neces-
sary and reasonable expenses of said distiaint and sale, as
afoiesaid, and a commission of one per cent, thereon for
his own use; rendering the oveiplus, if any there be, to the
person whose goods, chattel, and effects shall have been
distrained.
This amendment is necessary to make the pro-
vision correspond with an amendment which we
have heretofore adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. This will be no compensation,
as every one must know. I believe we did adopt
some such amendmentin a preceding section, but
it was wrong, and I hope it will be restored in the
House ?is reported in the bill.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Unless this
amendment is made there will be a contradiction
between the two sections.
Mr. STEVENS. But in the House that can
be corrected.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Ah; but the
committee has adopted one amendment, and I
hope they will continue on in the same direction.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend by adding the
following to the section, at the end of it:
And -provided further ■, That the provisions of this act for
the collection of taxes, imposed upon distilled spirits man-
ufactured fiom and after the 1st day of May, I860, shall ap-
ply to all distilled sputa now manufactured or that may be
manufactuied pievious to the 1st day of May a(oiesaid.
Mr. BLAKE. This is necessary to make the
section correspond with the previous action of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think not. 1
hope the amendment will not be, adopted.
Mr. BLAKE called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blake and
English were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-eight in the affirmative—a further count
not being demanded.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to add at the end of the
following proviso to the section;
ProvidedJurthcr, That it shall not be lawful to make dis-
tiaint of the tools or implements of a tiade or piofession, or
any other articles exempted fiom distress or execution by
the laws of any State, beasts of the plow necessary for
the cultivation of improved land"', arms, or necessary house-
hold furniture, and apparel for a family:—
as follows:
Provided further, That when the same shall exceed in
value $500, the e\coss over that sum shall not be exempt.
1 do that to meet the objection of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that there were cer-
tain professions or trades which may very likely
have more than that amount of tools and imple-
ments. I think any such tools or implements of
a trade or profession, whatever it may be, ought
to be taxed. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to that
amendment, and I desire to say a single word in
reference to it. These western men have done
most of the fighting, and I think they should be
allowed to pay most of the taxes. This bill taxes
them principally. You take from this bill the tax
you impose upon the articles of tobacco, flour,
whisky, and every other necessary of life, [laugh-
ter.] Well, Mr. Chairman, it is in order to al-
lude to whisky as a necessary of life, is it not?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Exactly. Well, sir,
when you have taken these articles from the bill
which apply mostly to western men, you have
taken nearly everything on which you arc to raise
revenue by this measure. The constituents of
my colleague [Mr. Kellogg] will pay $5U0,000
upon a single article, while your coal, your iron,
and your cheese, remain untaxed.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask if the gentleman is
speaking to the amendment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope he will confine him-
self to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine himself to exempting all tools, &c., over §500
in value.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir. I think it
ought to be limited to $500.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman must
oppose the amendment.
Mi. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; I am opposed
to the amendmen t, [laughter,] because 1 think $500
is too small. We tax the West upon everything,
and I think they will have as much as they can
pay without that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was about to inquire of my
friend from Illinois, whether he does not see that
this amendment cannot by any possibility oper-
ate prejudicially to western interests ? On the con-
trary, I think western interests demand the adop-
tion of this amendment, for very few lawyers,
theologians, or doctors, in that country have so
much m " tools and implements" as $500. But,
sir, I rise not so much to debate the amendment
as to offer an amendmentto the amendmentofthe
gentleman from Ohio, and which I trust he will
accept. I move to strike out " $500" and insert
<( $300." Take the whole country through,! think
when a man has more than that amount of prop-
erty of this description he ought to be taxed on
the excess of his property alx>ve that amount.
Three hundred dollars is the ordinary amountex-
empted, 1 think, in the western States, and I pre-
sume elsewhere. It is certainly enough to exempt
from taxation, and I hope my amendment will be
concurred in.
Mr. NOBLE. I will make this single obser-
vation: the object of this limitation is that there
shall not be too much property exempted, and
inasmuch as the limitation applies to mechanics
and artificers of every description, I think the
tools and implements used by them will in many
instances exceed §300 in value. I must, there-
fore,for that reason,decline to accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
announcing thatthe Senate had passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concuirence of the House:
A bill (No. 171) to organize the Navy Depart-
ment of the "United States; and
A bill (No. 244) to provide for the equitable set-
tlement of the accounts of the officers and crews of
the frigate Congress and other vessels.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the fifty-sixth section by striking out in the sixth
line after the word " the,"down to and including
the word " aforesaid," in the sixteenth line, as
follows:
As-istant assessor of the district of the list of the person
or person** to be licensed, with the late of the license ic-
quued stated therein, under the hand and seal of the col-
lector oi deputy collector of the distuct wherein the same
i<? requited, or of such petson or persons as the Commia-
sionei of internal ltfvenue shall fiom tunc to time employ
foi that put pose, and the duty theioupnn imposed a«; afoie-
said shall be paid to such collector, or other peison, as
afoic<nd, at the time of granting the license; and eveiy
collector, deputy collertoi, oi othfi peison employed by
the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue as aforesaid.
And insert in lieu thereof, as follows:
A"sessur of the di?-trict of the Ji&tof the person or persons
to be licensed, with the rate of the license required stated
therein, to the eollectoi; and shall be signed by the collector
or a deputy colieetorof thedistnct wlieiem the same is re-
(juiied; and the duty thereupon imposed as aforesaid shall
he paid to the colleetoi or his deputy, as aforesaid, at the
time of granting the license, and every collector and deputy
collector. See.
I offer the amendment in that shape for the pur-
pose of saving the necessity of offering two or
throe separate amendments. I strike out the words
"assistant assessors" becausc the assessor really
makes out the licence, and I think he may as well
deliver it. The assessor must make up the roll,
and practically hand it over to the collector.
And again, the next amendmentis to strike out
the words " under the hand and seal of the col-
lector or deputy collector of the district wherein
the same is required." I think it is unadvisable to
have these licenses granted under seal for various
reasons.
| The third amendment would be to strike out
• the words " or of such person or persons as the
! Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall from
I time to time employ for that purpose." _ _
I Under this bill, we authorize the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to employ no such persons,
except the collcctors themselves, nor should he
have any such authority. The other branches of
the amendment are to the same general effects I
hope my amendment, as a whole, will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HITTCHINS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the words "United States,"in
fourth line, the words " and Territories thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to add also the words
" and the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to*, so that the
clause, as amended by the last two amendments,
will read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That every license which is au-
thorized or required to be taken out by this act shall be
granted, and the duty thereon imposed shall be paid in and
throughout the United States and the Territories thereof
and the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the fifty-
seventh section by striking o ut, after the ninth line,
the following words:
One moiety thereof to the use of the United States, the
other moiety to the use of the person, who, if a collector,
shall first discover, and if other than a collector, shall first
give information of the fact whereby &aid forfeiture was
incurred.
It will be seen that this is the same old relic of
barbarism to which the attention of the committee
has already been called—that of giving to a public
informer one half of the proceeds of his own craft
and cunning and testimony. If it were not for
the remarkable local feeling which seems to exist
among gentlemen from the great central portion
of the Union, as well as in the Northwest, I think
this matter could be easily adjusted. Because
Pennsylvania perpetuates this qui torn form of ac-
tion, it is to be perpetuated everywhere else. The
part of the country which I represent has abol-
ished this relic of a mediaeval age entirely, and I
cannot consent to remain silent and let this pro-
vision pass to pay the tax gatherer, who appears
everywhere, and becomes one of the institutions
of the country, one half of the amount of these
recoveries as an inducement to the performance
of a public dut^. In a monarchy, where all the
citizens are not interested in the performance of a
public duty, this might be necessary. In a free
and republican Government, where every citizen
is interested in the performance of every public
duty, there can be no argument in favor of giving
one half of the amount recovered to the informer.
I object to the effect which such a provision will
have upon this bill. I think it will weaken the
public determination to sustain this law; and as
one of the parties upon this floor who is anxious,
that a bill shall pass which shall receive universal
sanction and be fully sustained,! do protest against
this provision.
Mr. STEVENS. I have only to say that this
is u Monsieur Tonson come again;" for the ninth
time turned out of this House, and I hope it will
be again.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to go back and
offer an amendment to section fifty-five, to rem-
edy what I think was an omission. It is to insert
the word "provisions" after the word "land."
It will be observed that while we exempt from
distraint furniture, tools, and implements of trade,
we have not exempted one dollar's worth of pro-
visions.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received and adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By unanimous
consent, I will move the same amendmentto sec-
tion twenty.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received and adopted.
Mr. HARDING. Coming back now to section
fifty-seven, I move to strike out the words " who,
if a collector, shall first discover, and, if other than
a collector, shall first give information, of the fact
whereby said forfeiture was incurred," and to in-
sert the words " who shall first sue for the same;"
so that the clause shall read:
One moictv thereof to the use of the United States, the
otlmr moiety to the u*e of the person who shall first sue
for the same.
As the section now stands, one moiety of the
penalty is given to the person who, if a collector,
shall first make the discovery. The difficulty is
