1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283:
by striking out" May," in the fifth line, and in-
serting " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also propose to amend the sec-
tion by striking; out " fifteen," in the sixth lino,
and inserting « twenty;" so as to read "the duty
of twenty cents on each and every gallon."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I move to
amend the amendment by substituting: " twentv-
five" for " twenty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should liko to hear the
Senator explain why he makes that motion. The
committee investigated the matter with a good deal
of care and at some length, and on a good deal of
testimony they came to the conclusion that twenty
cents was about the right sum.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is so, I shall yield to
the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twenty cents a gallon is
a pretty high tax.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply make one state-
ment. I understand that an addition of five cents
to this tax would make an addition of five millions
of money to the revenue ; and if we can get five
millions of money by a tax on spirits I think it
is doing a very good thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There were gentlemen
before us who said that it would bearany amount
of tax; that you might put fifty cents a gallon
on it, you might put a dollar a gallon on it, and
it would not affect the sale, but you would get
just so much more money as you put on the tax.
To a certain extent perhaps that is true. I pre-
sume people will drink about as much. Those
"who are fond of liquor will not stop much on ac-
count of the small increase of price which may
be the result of the tax. But there are other things
to be taken into consideration. We are just be-
ginning the system. I have no doubt this tax may
be very much increased hereafter; but in making a
sudden change inbusiness,it was thought advisable
not to go too strong, and to be governed in some
degree, also, by what is done in the neighboring
British provinces, for they distil there as well as
here. Understanding thai we might, peihaps,ab-
solutely force more revenue out of it, yet, with ref-
erence to the whole business of the country, this
being involved so with other matters, we thought
twenty cents a gallon was as far as it was wise
to go.
Mr. WADE. How much is it in the British
provinces?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to think
that unless we go too high, their tax is about the
same as ours.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a vote by yeas and
nays on the proposition to increase the Uvx on
whisky, at some time, I do not care when. I am
opposed to the increase. A tax of fifteen cents n
gallon on whisky is equivalent to a tax of one
hundred per cent. The chief article that goes into
whisky is corn. I am satisfied, and I make the
statement now with perfect confidence, that if this
tax is made twenty or twenty-five cents, or even
fifteen cents, it will stop in a great measure the
manufacture of whisky for at least six months, for
a very simple reason. It has been known ever
since last July that a tax would be put on whisky,
and all the distillers of the country have been run-
ning to their extremest capacity, and to-day they
are running more than they have done before.
Every old still in the country has been set at work,
simply because it was supposed a tax would be
put on whisky, and that the stock on hand would
not be taxed; and therefore the quantity on hand
is now greater than it ever was before. I know
the committee had various statements before them
with regard to the amount on hand; but from the
best information I can get, I am satisfied that the
tax already put upon whisky by the House bill,
fifteen cents a gallon, is as much as it will bear.
I think this is on article that ought to bear more
taxation than any other; it is an article that will
be used notwithstanding the tax; but you may
carry the matter too far. I believe it would be
much wiser to levy a tax of five cents on whisky
for the first month or two, and increase it five
cents until probably after a while you anive at
twenty cents; but if you add now twenty cents
to the price of each gallon of whisky, the effect
will be that no whisky will bp manufactured until
the stock on hand has been so far reduced as to
justify the large price. When it was first pro-
posed to tax whisky, it was sold at seventeen
cents a gallon, and could be made at a profit at
that rate. Now I believe it ranges at twenty-four
or twenty-five cents, because the dealers in whisky
do notknow whether wepropose to puta tax upon
the article on hand. When you put on a tax of
fifteen or twenty cents a gallon, you double the
cost of that whisky, and you at once stop the man-
ufacture of it until the demand exhausts the pres-
entsupply. My impression is, and my conviction
now is, that when this tax goes into operation on
the 1st of July next, the supply on hand will be so
large that for six months after that time you will
leceivc no revenue from this article.
I make the proposition to the chairman of the
committee that we had better now settlp this
whisky question. I intend to offer an amend-
ment to impose a tax of ten cents a gallon upon
that in hand; and if thatamendmentbe adopted, I
shall not object to a tax of twenty cents on that
which is made hereafter. But I am opposed to
this sudden raising of a tax of twenty cents on a
gallon of whisky, encouraging, in the mean time,
the excessive manufacture of it, as it has been en-
couraged for a long time past. It will encourage
the excessive manufacture between this and the
1st of July; they can make an enormous quan-
tity by that time; and if you then put the tax at
twenty cents, the effect will be that you will destroy
your revenue for at least six months. I have no
doubt that whisky can yield the Government a
revenue of $20,000,000, at twenty cents a gallon.
The amount annually produced is one hundred
millions of gallons, of which comparatively little
is exported, so that there would be little draw-
back. The probable quantity, according to the
estimates submitted to us, is from ninety to one
hundred millions; but then a great deal of whisky
is manufactured in the country still-houses that
never goes into the estimates of commerce, and I
have no doubt that fully one hundred millions of
gallons arc made every year. But ever since last
July, for the reasons I have already stated, the
manufacture of whisky has been going on more
rapidly than ever before, so that the stock on
hand is now very laigely in cxccss of what was
ever known in this country. Men have been
speculating in it, have been dealing in it, and the
mere speculation has already raised the price of
whisky some six or seven cents a gallon.
Now, it is said that if we tax the article on hand,
we shall do injustice to those men who have bought
with a view to taxation in the future. I do not
propose to discourage trade; and to obviate that
objection, I would makeadiseriinmation between
the tax on the article on hand and the tax on the
article to be made m the future. If you levy a
tax of ten cents a gallon on that on hand, ynu will
reach, I think, not less than fifty millions of gal-
lons, although on this there is great difference of
opinion. I think the stock on hand for sale in laigc
quantities is probably not less than six months'
supply, or fifty millions of gallons; and a tax of
ten cents on that will yield about five millions of
dollars. Itcan be collected by the same machinery
that you have to provide for other taxes. I think
theie will be no substantial difficulty. You may
not get it all; a good deal of it will be scattered
through the country groceries, where you proba-
bly will never reach it? but the great bulk of this
article is now held by a few persons, by dealers
in the article in whose hands it can be reached
just as easily as any other property; -and I see no
reason why we may not avail ourselves of the fact
that a large quantity is now on hand—an article
the price of which will be undoubtedly raised by
our system of taxation, in older to levy a reason-
able tax; while if, on the other hand, you make
your tax prospective, and levy a tax of twenty
cents on every gallon of whisky in the future,
after the 1st of July, you make a discrimination
in favor of the speculator; you give to every man
who has whisky on hand a bonus; you give him
a large reward for the manufacture of an exorbi-
tant supply between this and the 1st of July. You
give him a large bonus on that which has been |
manufactured for the purpose of avoiding your
tax; and, m my judgment, you suspend the oper-
ation of your revenue law, so far as whisky is
concerned, for six months to come.
I have now said all i designed to say, unless
in the judgment of the Senate it is deemed better
to take up and consider in connection with this
amendment the amendment I intend to propose
taxing the stock on hand; because, as I said be-
fore, if you put a tax of ten cents upon that on
hand, I do not object to a tax of twenty cents on
that which is to be manufactured in future, and
therefore my vote on this proposition will depend
very much on the decision upon the other prop-
osition. I think it would be better to consider
the whole subject together; but if that is not-done,
I think, that instead of putting on a tax" of twenty
cents a gallon, we ought at least to keep it down
to the standard fixed by the House of Represent-
atives, or even reduce it. It would be a wise rev-
enue measure to put the duty first at ten cents,
next at fifteen cents, and afterwards at twenty
cents, I care not how high you go ultimately;
but when you levy the tax'so as to induce a large'
amount of manufacture in order to avoid the tax,
you defeat your own measure of revenue.
1 know very well that a statement was made by
many intelligentgentlemen that the stock on hand
was only sixty days'supply, and they brought in-
genious figures to prove it. I have had it from
equally intelligent persons, from men manufac-
turing and dealing in the article, that the stock on
hand is equivalent to at least a six months' sup-
ply, and some of them have told me a year's sup-
ply. This is really to some extent a competition
between the manufacturer, the distiller, and the
person who has it on hand. A distiller who has
not any on hand, as a matter of course, wants a
tax upon that which is on hand; and distillers -
who have a large quantity on hand—and gener-
ally they are heavy capitalists—do not want any
tax on it. One distiller made the argument dis-
tinctly, that if you make a prospective tax of
twenty cents, and it does not take effect until the
1st of July, the whisky dealers will all make so
much money by the forced rise of the value of
the article that they will be able to repair losses
in the past, and be ready for a prosperous busi-
ness in the future; butin the mean time you cheat
yourself of the revenue. After the 1st of July
you will find that these distillers, relying upon
the stock on hand, will suspend, in a great meas-
ure, their operations; they will wait until the sup-
ply is exhausted, and then they will gradually go
on with business. At the end of six months they
may manufacture a little whisky, and so on until
the demand compels them to manufacture large
quantities; but, until then, you will be deprived
of your revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman whether
he has prepaicd a section to cover that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have a section prepared
which was submitted to the committee, and per-
haps I may be justified in saying that they were
equally divided about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
this to pass, he can, when we come to the section
again, move his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we pass this now, we
cannot strike it out hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can refuse to adopt
it in the Senate, and before we get into the Senate
you can offer your amendment. 1 think that
would be better, and save time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am always willing to adopt
any practical idea. I am willing to let the con-
troversy go by for the present, and let my prop-
osition be considered hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator fiom Massachusetts, to insert
" twenty-five" instead of iC twenty."
Mr. SUMNER. Docs the Senator from Maine
wish that I should pass over the amendment that
I have proposed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator proposes to
increase the tax; he can try that now.
Mr. SUMNER. My proposition was to in-
crease it, and it was founded on this idea; that the
inciease of the tax would increase the revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not necessarily.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is an error, then cer-
tainly my motion ought not to be-sustained ; and
on that point I have no information to compare
with that of the committee. I have, however,
taken some pains to inform myself; 1 have con-
voised with one or two persons who profess to
be familiar with the question, and they assure mc
that whisky, m particular, will bear the highest
possible tax, and one person, familiar with the
subject, went into a long explanation to me with
regard to "the priccs paid for drinks," as the
phrase was.
