13,24:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
to ascertain when the collector does make thedis-
.oovery. Who shall determine when the collcctor
makes the discovery?
Moreover, it is not politic to present this temp-
tation to the collector. If one moiety of the pen-
alty is to be given to anybody, it should be to him
who first sues for the same without making any
invidious distinction in favor of the collector.
Why should lie be entitled to a moiety of this
large penalty on account of having made the dis-
covery of the fact whereby the forfeiture was in-
curred? Why should there be a temptation held
out to the collector to be prying into matters of
this sort? Why make any provision for his par-
ticular benefit?
The amendment was not agreed to.
The fifty-eighth section was read, as follows:
Jlrul he it further enacted, That in every license to be
taken out under or by authority of this act shall be con-
tained and set forth the purpose, trade, or business for
which such license is granted, and the true name and place
of abode of the person or persons taking out the same, and
the true date or time of granting such license, and (except
in the case of auctioneer and pecUllcis) the place at which
the trade or business for which Mich license is gi anted ^ball
be carried on : Provided always* That persona in paitner-
ship and carrying on their trade or business in one place
and sot of premises only, shall not be obliged to take out
more than one license in any one year lor the purpo.se of
carrying on such tiade or business, >-ave and except that
each and every peison whatsoever exorcisms or cairying
on the trade or business1 of auctioneer or peddler-, or act-
ing as such, shall take out a .-epaiate and distinct license
for that pm pose: Jl)ul provided furl her,lto one licence
taken out undei or by authority of this act hv any pei son 01
per ons, eveept auctioneer aud peddlers, shall authorize
or empower such persons to exciciso or cariy on I he tiade
or business mentioned in such license in more than one
separate and distinct of premises «uch promises benuj
all adjoining or contiguous to each other, anil situate in
one place, and held together for the same tiade 01 huMrtess,
and of which lie, she, 01 they *hall have made law ful co-
try, to exercise or cany on therein hi>. her, 01 their trade
or business, as nfoicsaid, at lite lime of granting such li-
cense, but that a separate and distinct license shall be taken
out by all aud oveiy such pei-on or persons aforesaid,
except as afoiesaid, roexeiciso or cariv on his, hei, or then-
trade or business, as aforesaid, at or in any other or drtTci-
cnt premises than a< before mentioned.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether it is the intention that the pro-
visions of this section shall exclude the storage of
goods in places other than that where the busi-
ness of the firm is carried on?
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to inseriat
the end of the first proviso, the words:
Hut all pailners appl} ins foi a license shall SuniKh the
full names of each incmlier of the litin, with the county
and State of their residence.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. 11ICE, of Massachusetts. I move to add
at the end of the section, the words:
Jlnd provided further, That mctchandi^o may ho >tored
elsewhere than where the business of the firm is conducted.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman would
so modify his amendment as to icquire that such
merchandise shall be taken to the place of busi-
ness for sale.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have no ob-
jection to that, and I will modify my amendment
accordingly. Many men are obliged to .stoic their
merchandise in places other than where they have
their counting-house.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will add to
Ins amendment the words " to he sold at their
place of business," [ shall not object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I notice in lino twenty-two,
that theie is a restriction upon the word "piem-
ises," as follows:
Such piemise-4 being ail adjoining or contiguous to each
other.
It seems to me that that restriction is an unrea-
sonable one. I move to stiike out the words:
" such premises homo; all adjoining or eontiguous
to each other and situate in one place."
I move the amendment for the reason that J
know that many manufacturers cairy on difF< lent
branches of their business in dilfeient buildings
not contiguous to each other; for instance: a sort-
ing house in one place, adiying house in another,
and a grinding house, in some kinds of busim ss,
in anothei. It seems to me that that restriction
will be sufficient if a license is required for one
class of business. It will be inconvenient to >e-
quire that each paiticular kind of business shall
be carried on in one set of buildings, contiguous
to each other.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixtieth section was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That every person exercising
or carrying on the trade or business of an auctioneer, or
selling any goods or chattels, lands, tenements, or heredi-
tament", by auction, shall, over and above any license to
him or her gianted as an auctioneer, take out such license
as is required by law, to deal m wholesale or letail, or to
vend, tiade in, or sell any goods or commodities tor the
dealing in at wholesale or'retaii, or vending, tiading in, or
selling of which a license isspeciallyiequired, befoiehe or
she^hall be peimitted or authouzed to sell such goods or
commodities at piivate sale ; and if any such person shall
sell any such goods or commodities,as afoiesaid, othei wise
than by auction, without having taken out such license as
afoiesaid for that puiposc. he 01 she shall be subject and
liable to the penalty in that behalf imposed upon persons
dealing in or retailing, vending, trading, or selling any such
goods or commodities without he< dm1, notwithstanding any
license to him or her before granted, as aforesaid, for the
purpose of exeicismgor eanying on the tiade or business
of an auctioneer, or selling any goods or chattels, lands,
tenements, or hereditaments by auction, anything herein
contained to the eontiaiy notwithstanding: Provided al-
ways, That wheze such goods 01 commodities as aforesaid
are'the property of any person or persons duly licensed to
deal in or to mail, or to vend, tiade in, or sell the same,
Mich pei>on oi pen-ons having made lawful entivof his,
her, or their house oi piciui&us for such pin pose, it shall and
may be lawful lor any peis-on exeici&ingor canying on the
trade oi bu-mess of an auctioneer, or selling any good1? or
•chaitels. lands, tenements, or hereditaments by auction, as
aforesaid, being duly licensed for that purpose, to sell such
good> oi commodities as aforesaid, at auction, loi and on
behalf of such pet-on or peisoih, and upon iiw, hei, or their
entered hou^e or premises, without taking out a sepaiate
license for such sale.
Mr. EDWARDS. For the purpose of making
this section a little more accurate in form, I move
to strike out the woids " to \und" and " vend-
ing" wherever they occur in the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
this section by adding the following proviso:
Prot idrd, That tins section -hall not apply to judicial or
executive office!-, making auction sales., by order oi any
judgment oi deciee of any tftate couit.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether anyprovision similar to this amendment
is contained elsewhere in the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. My impression is there is
such a provision, but I cannot bay without looking
all through the bill. I know such was the inten-
tion of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether his amendment
covers sales by executors and administrators?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I do not know that
it does. It should, and therefore I will add to
my amendment the words " or public sales made
by executors or administrators."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The provision
referred to by the gt ntleman from Pennsylvania,
[Air. Johnson,] will be found in the bill on page
52, under the head of " auctioneers."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I think, notwith-
standing, that the amendment is necessary, and I
will adhere to it.
Mr. POUTER. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Add at the end li nor to any '-ales. that may be made pur-
suant to the law of any Ffate by an officer having the man-
agement oi contiol of any public or ttu-t tunds of such
State, or of any county, town, oi township thereof."
I trust that this amendment will be adopted. In
Indiana we have funds for the support of common
schools, exceeding, in the aggregate, two millions
of dollars. These funds are loaned to citizens in
small sums, by the State or by the counties, ac-
cording to the particular fund, and the interest is
applied to the support of schools. The loans are
secured by mortgages, and when the interest is
not punctually paid, or the principal when due and :
demanded, the mortgaged lands are sold by the
ofiieets having the management or control of the i
particular loan at public auction, under a statutory :
pov/ei, and without any judicial proceeding. If i
this amendment shall not be adopted, every such ]
dlficer will he required, before making any such |
sale, to take out a license as an auctioneer, and j
the amount paid will bu so much subtracted from i
the scant;* means for educating the children of the |
;l State.
j! All our western States have, it is believed, sim- j
ij ihir funds and Similar statutory provisions, so that
■1 Ibe atgument applicable to my own State is ap- |
j| plicabh1 to all of "tbeni. It seems to me that no j
II one can reasonably object to this amendment. S
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I beg to make a
verbal correction in my amendment, to strike out
the words " by order," and insert " by virtue."
It has been suggested by the learned gentleman
from Massachusetts that the word " State" had
better be stricken out. I thought, myself, that
sales by judicial authority of Federal courts would
be exempted by virtue of their prerogatives; hut
perhaps I am wrong, and therefore I will strike
out the word " State."
There being no objection, the modifications of
the amendment were made.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suggest to my colleague
whether the object of his amendment could not be
effected by simply using the terms " this provision
shall not apply to any official or judicial sale?"
That might abbreviate his amendment somewhat
and still attain the object lie has in view.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Did I understand
my colleague to use the words "official sale?"
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. With all due def-
erence to my colleague, I am not aware that that
is a technical term. I have used the term "judi-
cial sales," which I suppose would include what
he has in view. It is true that my amendment is
limited to sales made by virtue of the order of any
court. I scarcely know of any cases in my own
State where such sales arc made otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. It may ho that in attempting
to enumerate exceptions, unless you use terms
that are broad enough, great injustice may be
done.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I have no objec-
tion to accept the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, I hope the gentleman
will not accept it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Well, I will not
accept it.
Mr. STEVENS. It embraces so many un-
known things, that I think it would be a very
dangerous amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Porter's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. White, of Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana whether it would not be
proper to add, after the words '* executors or ad-
ministrators," the words "or assignees or trus-
tees for the benefit of creditors."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I cannot but rec-
ognize that as a judicial sale made by order of a
court.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not a judicial sale made
by order of a court. I suggest to the gentleman
that he allow these sales to be made without a
license. It is pretty hard upon the creditor to
make him pay four filths of his claim to obtain
a license for the purpose of selling the property of
the debtor. I move to add, aftei the word " ad-
ministrators," the words " or assignees or trus-
tees for the benefit of creditors."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr, HARRISON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White,] whether
his proposed amendment includes sales made by
guardians under wills, made, not by virtue of an
order or decree of a court, but by virtue of the
provisions of the will itself?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. No, it docs not
extend to any of those details, because those sales
are generally made by professional auctioneers.
I did not attempt to include m the amendment
every conceivable case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if the
committee will look to page 59, under the head-
ing " auctioned s," they will see that all the ex-
I ceptions that ought to be made are there included.
! It includes all sales, except such as may be or-
! deicd by the dccrcc, order, or judgment of any
I judicial tribunal.
|' Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I call the gentle-
! man's attention to the fourth line of the sixtieth
i section, which lequncK an additional license, aud
I it is to meet the exigency of this alternative or
J additional license that I propose this amendment
j The question was fa ken on Mr. White's amend-
; ment, and it was agreed to.
! MESSAGE FuOM THE SENATE.
i Here the committco rose informally, and the
