1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2285
tion. I ask the Senator from Ohio for informa-
tion, will the consumption be less for a current
year after the supply is exhausted, by reason of
the taxation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not; but the effect
will be that a/ter the lstof July none will be man-
ufactured until the price of the whisky rises to
something like thirty-five cents a gallon in the
market. That will be the effect, and we shall get
no revenue. The higher your tax, the longer it
will be before we get revenue.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That only amounts to a
small question of time. We are legislating for a
Government that it is supposed will continue
through centuries, or that, at least, we hope will;
and a question of general legislation, one of the
most important in the country, is made to be gov-
erned by a question of a month ortwo ! Now, I
differ as to months from the Senator from Ohio,
for, as I am informed, there is no such stock on
hand as he represents; but suppose there was,
what then? This is a legitimate subject of tax-
ation; it can afford to pay the Government; it will
pay it; it will pay fifteen cents, twenty cents,
twenty-five cents, thirty cents, thirty-five cents as
well, without interfering with consumption, when
that tax is directly demanded in the proper place.
Now, whether or not it interferes immediately
with some peisons engaged in business, is not a
very grave matter of inquiry. I am informed by
some of the best men concerned in the trade—
distillers of the West, with whom I have con-
versed,and about.whose business! am somewhat
advised—that they do not care as to the amount
of the taxation, so that you give them a chance
to pay the Government when they have made
sales or have had time for sales; and my opinion
is—and 1 think my opinion is as well advised as
that of the Senator from Ohio—that it will not in-
terfere with the business of distilling; it certainly
cannot do it more than tempoianly. Business
will soon go on as well as before; and I think it
will not interfere with it even tempoianly if we
pass an amendment, which we understand the
committee will report, to give them the opportu-
nity of paying on making; sales. It will not inter-
fere with the production of the raw material at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amend merit was rejected.
Mr. SCJMNER. I wi&h to give notice that
when we get into the Senate 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can raise the
question then just as well without giving notice.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
in the twelfth line, after the word " by," to strike
out" the following section of;" so as to read," re-
quired to be tendered by this act.55
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the forty-third section, as
follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enabled, That the term
proof. used m tins act, and in set*lion mx of the act of Maich
y, 1861, entitled Ail act to piovide tor the paj ment of out-
standing Ti ea-sury notes, to atrthouze a loan, to regulate ami
liie duties on impoiis, and tor other puipo-eV shall be
construed, and i-s heiebv declared to mean, that proof of a
liquor winch correspond-; to fifty degiee^ ol Tialles' centes-
imal hydiometei,adopted by i egulauon oftiie Ttea-uiy De-
partment, of August IbjO, at the temperature of si.\ty
degiees oi Fahrenheit'-* thermometer; and that in ledtiring
the temperatuies to the standard of si.uv, and in levying
duties on liquors above and beiow pioof, the table ot com-
meicial value-? contained in the manual for inspector-* of
spiuts, picpared !>v Pio'essor jYIcCull-di, under the super-
intendence of Piores-.ni- Baehe, and adopted by the Tieas-
urv Depanmenr. shall he u-ed and taken a- giving (he pro-
portion- ol absolute aieohol in lire Ijrpnds gauged and pioveil
acvoiding to winch duties shall be levied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose an amendment to this section. The com-
mittee propose as an amendment a new section, to
be inserted at this point, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And he it farther enacted. That thcic shall be designated
by the colleetoi in eveiv asse^>nu nt distuet whore the same
maybe neee^-ary one or moie inspectors, who shall lake
an e.ath fauhfuliv to peifuim their duties ri -uch form a<
the Comiiissbionerof Infernal Revenue ^bail p!esciibe,and
who shall he enmh-d to receive =ueii fee? a- may be fixed
and prescribed bv -aid Commissioner. And all >pn its dis-
tilled as aforesaid by <my pei-on licensed as atoiesaid ah.ill,
before the came is used, oi removed tor consumption or -ale,
be im-pectod.gauged,and proved bysome peison so as nfo;e-
saul deviated lo'r the periomranee of such duties, and who
shall mark upon the cask or other package containing -uch
spirits, in a manner to be prescribed by said Commissioner,
the quantityan'd proof of the contents of such cask or pack-
age, with the date of inspection and the name of the in-
spector. And any person who shall attempt fraudulently to
evade the payment of duties upon any spirits distilled as
aforesaid, by changing in any manner the mark upon any
such cask or package, shall forfeit the <-um of $C>00 for each
ca^k or package so altered or changed, to be recovered as
hereinbefore provided. And the fee-of such inspector shall
in all eases be pa.d by the owner of the sp'mts so inspected,
gauged, and proved. And any such inspector who shall
knowingly put upon any such cask or package any false or
fraudulent mark shall be liable to the same penalty heiein-
befoie provided for each ca«k or package so fraudulently
marked. And any person who shall use any cask or pack-
age >o marked,foi the purpose of selling spirits of a quality
diffeieni fiom that so inspected, shall be subject to a like
penalty for each cask or package so used.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
further propose the following new section, to be
here inserted:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the owner or
owners of any distillery may ercct, at bis or their own ex-
pense, a warehouse of iron, stone, or brick, with metal loof,
to be contiguous to such distillery; and such warehouse,
when approved by this collector, is hereby declared a bonded
warehouse of the United States, and shall be used only for
stoimg distilled spirits, and to be under the custody of the
collector or his assistant. And the duty on the spirits stoicd
m such warehouse shall be paid when and as it is sold or
lemoved fiom such warehouse lor sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read the forty-fourth section of
the bill, as follows:
Sec. 44. And be it farther enacted, That every person
who, on the Kt day of May, 1863, shall be the owner of
any still, boiler, or other vessel, used or intended to be u^od
for the purpose of distilling spirituoushquois,oi who shall
have such still, boiler, oi other vessel under his supeim-
tcmlencc, either as agent foi the owner or on his own ac-
count, shall, and every per-on who, after said da\, shall u«c
or intend to Use any still, boiler, or other vessel, as afoie-
saul, eithei at owner, agent, or otherwise, shall, fiom day
to da\, make true and exact entiy, or eau-o to be entered,
in a book to be kept by htm tor that purpose, the number
of gallon-- ot spmtuous liquors distilled and sold, or re-
mo\ed for consumption ot sale, which book shall always
he open in the daytime for the inspection of the said eol-
leetoi, who may take any minute-, nremoiandum15, oi tun-
scripts thereof, and shall leudei to said collector, on the first
day of each and every month in each >ear, or within ten
davs thereafter, a general account in writing, taken from
his hooks, of the number of gallons of spirituous liquors
distilled and sold, or removed 101 consumption oi sale, lor
the month pieeeding «nid day, or foi .-ueh portion thereof
as may have elapsed from the date of said entry and re-
port to" the >a'd day which '•hall next ensue ; and shall ver-
ity or cause to bf verified the said entries, lepoil?, books,
andgeneial accounts, by oath oi affirmation, to he lalcn
heiofe the collector oi some othei officei autnonzed by the
laws of the rttate to admmistet the same Sccoidrngto tlx-
foim icqun>'d bv this net, whcie the «ame is piesuibed;
and shall ,il -o pay to the collector the duties which, by
till- act, ought to be paid on the -pintuous liquois -o dis-
tilled and sold, or lemoved loi consumption or sale, and m
said accounts mentioned, at the time of rendenng an ac-
count thereof.
The first amendment to this section is in line
two, to strike out the word " May " and insert
"July." •
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment is in line five, after the
word " liquors," to insert " as horeinbufoie pro-
vided;" so as to read:
U-.od or intended tu be used for the purpose of distilling
spmtuous liquoie, as hereinbefore provided, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven, the word
" shall'' may as well be stricken out after " ac-
count," for there is another " shall" m line ten
below, wh'ch answers the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will bo made, being merely verbal. The,
next amendment to \ his section is in line fourteen,
after the word " daytime" insert " Sundays ex-
cepted;" so as to read:
Winch book shaii always be open in the daytime, Sun-
days excepted, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
after the word " 1st," to insert " 10th and 20th;"
so as to read:
And shall rcndei to said collector, on the 1st, 10th, and
00th days of each month, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighteen, the word
" ten" is a mistake; it should be " two;' but i
move to insert "five," in accordance with an
amendment previously made, so as to read:
On the 1st, 10th, and 20th days of each and every month in
each year, or within five days thereafter, a general account,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment to this section is in line twenty-one,
after the word "the" and before "month,"to
insert" period or fractional part of a,"'so as to
read:
A general account in writing, taken from Ills books, of
the number of gallons of spirituous liquors distilled'and
sold, or removed for consumption or sale, for the period or
fractional part of a month preceding said day, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is to add to the section the following
proviso:
Provided, That in estimating the duty upon all distilled
spirits removed to any place other than the place of dis-
tillation, there shall be deducted from the gross number of
gallons so removed all loss* from leakage, soakage, evapo-
ration, transit, or otherwise; and the duty shall be assessed,
collected, and paid upon the net number of gallons after
the deduction as aforesaid: Provided further, That such
deduction shall m no case exceed five percent, of the gross
quantity so removed.
Mr. HOWE. Is it not intended to offer a pro-
vision which will make this unnecessary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; what the Sen-
ator refers to does not affect this amendment.
The article cannot be removed until after ^t is in-
spected and gauged, by provisions that we have
passed. It goes on the inspection, and this is
simply to allow a reduction for leakages, &c.,
when it is removed. The provision to which the
Senator refers is a provision with regard to giving
bond for the payment of the tax, instead of pay-
ing in advance.
Mr. HOWE. And in that case you do not
want to make any deduction?
Mr*. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes; but it can be
altered afterwards if it be found necessary. This
will not be affected by that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the foi ty-fifth section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That the entries made
in the books of the distiller, required to be kept in the fore-
going section, shall, on the l&t day of each and every
month, or withm ten days thereafter, be verified by oath or
affirmation, to be taken as aforesaid, of the person or per-
sons by whom such entries shall have been made, which
oath or affirmation shall be certified at the end of such en-
tiles by the colieetoi or officer administering the same, and
shall be, in sub>tanee  as follows : 1 do sweai (or affirm)
thai the foregoing unities were made by me, on the respect-
ive days, specified, find that they hiate, according to the best
of my'knowledge and belief, the whole quantity ot spirit-
uous liquoir- distilled and s-old, or removed lor consumption
or --ale, at the distillery owned by——, in the county of
 , amounting to gallons, according to proof herein
mentioned."
The first amendment was, in line three, after
the word " 1st," to insert" 10th and 20th," and in
lme four to strike out " ten" and insert" two."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That "two" should be
"five," to aecoid with the other amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified. The section will then
read:
That the entries made in the books of the distiller, re-
quired to be kept in the toregomg section, shall, on the 1st,
10th, and 20th days of each and every month, or within five
da>s theieafter, &c.
The amendment was agieed to.
The Secretary read section forty-six, as fol-
lows:
Flc. 46. And be it further enacted, That the owner, oeent,
or t-uperintendent aloiesaid, >haM, in ea-ie lire original en-
tiles required to he made in his books by the tenth section
of this act shall not have been made bj himself, subjoin to
the oath oi .Ufnmalum ot the person by whom they were
made the following oath or aflii mation, to betaken as alote-
saui: - I do svveai (or alliim) that, to the be*.! of m\ knowl-
edge and belief- the foiegoing entucs am ju-tand true, and
that I have taken all the "moans in my power to make them
so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose no amendment to this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend it by
striking out, in lines tluee and four, the words
" the tenth section of," so as to icad, " required
to be made in his books by this act," &c.
The amendment was agieed to.
The Secretary read section forty-seven, as fol-
lows:
Rec. 47 And he it further crtueted, That on and after the
lat day ot May, 186-2, there shall he paid on all beer, iager
beer, ale, poitor, and other i>mn!ar fermented liquors, by
whatever name FUc.ii liquors may be called, a duty of one
dollar for each and every barrel containing not more than
