wmii
Blue-earth region, in the State of Minnesota—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REVENUE LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider ita amend-
merits to the bill of the House (No. 550) to for
-*£er provide for the collection of the revenue upon
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern fran>-
tier, and for other purposes; and
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Senate insist upon its amendments to
the mil, disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
^cVu ' ,e committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Chandler, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Wilmot.
PAY OF FIRST MINNESOTA SENATORS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move now to take up
the resolution in regard to the pay of the first Sen-
ator® from Minrtesota. I have consulted with all
the Senators who raised objection to it: and thev
are all satisfied.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
^ .T1,.at '.hei? be paid out of the contingent fund
ot the Senate, to the Senators first elected by the State of
Minnesota, compensation assueh,from the commencement
of the session at which they were admitted to their seats.
The resolution.was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
fylr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a message of the
President of tile United States, relative to the ar-
rest of Simon Cameron, lote Secretary of War,
at the suit of Pierce Butler, for false imprisonment;
•" resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
in 1 elation to a modification of the naturalization
laws, and of a resolution of the Senate directing
them to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the naturalization laws as to confer the rights
of citizenship on unnaturalized foreigners servin°-
in the Army of the United States during the pres^
ent rebellion, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
without amendments, and adversely:
A bill (S. No. 285) concerning private actions
against public officers;
A bill (S. No. 288) to amend an act entitled " An
act to confiscate property used for insurrection-
ary purposes," approved August 6, 1861;
A bill (S. No. 320) to further provide against
the cutting and removal of timber from the public
lands; and,
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That they bo postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it be post-
poned indefinitely; which was agreed to.
Mr, BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 159)
for the relief of Juan Miranda and his legal rep-
lesenta tives, ask to be discharged from its further
consideration at this session, without any expres-
sion of opinion upon the merits of the claim. The
claim may have and probably has merit; but the
petitioner has left us in a position of doubt; we do
not know whether the non-presentation of this
case under the laws of the land arose from sheer
neglect, or was superinduced from a common
error of the profession as to judicial action. If
that evidence was furnished to us, we might be,
disposed to consider the claim entitled to relief.
Without it, the precedent would be too dangerous
to recommend the allowance of relief.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
LAND OFFICE AT VINCENNES.
Mr. WRIGHT. Tiie Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
454) for the relief of the register of the land office
at Vinceiines, Indiana, and for other purposes,
have instructed me to reportit back, with a recom-
mendation that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
mm
to authorizethe Secretary of the lhterior to make
such allowance for office rent during the tempo-
rary continuance of the land office at Yincennes,
Ind iana, as may, in his opinion, be just and proper;
and to adjust the account of John Moore, post-
master at Yincennes, and allow him, at the usual
rates for such services, compensation for the cus-
tody of the books and papers of the land office
during the time-they were in his charge, under in-
structions from the Commissio.ner of the General
Land Office, dated September 3,1858; theseallow-
ances to be paid out of the appropriation for inci-
dental expenses of district land offices, and the
total sum paid under the act is not to exceed $500.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 ask the Clerk to read a let-
ter from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, which will explain this matter. ["Oh,
no."] Gentlemen say they do not want it read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third timevand passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr .Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 256) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress;
An act (S. No. 303) for the relief of D. S. Far-
ragut;
An act (S. No. 307) to grant the right of pre-
emption to settlers on certain lots in Wisconsin?
An act (S. No. 352) to carry into effect the
treaty between the United States and her Britannic
Majesty for the suppression of the African slave
trade;
An act (S. No. 3G1) in relation to the Post
, Office Department;
A resolution (S. No. 61) tendering the thanks of
Congress to Captain Louis M. QoJdsborough and
officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines under
his command for the victory at Roanoke Island-
A resolution (S. No. 66') expressive of the
thanks of the Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Wor-
den, of the United States Navy, and to the offi-
cers and men under his command in the Monitor-
A joint resolution (S. No. 77) for the relief of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, and pri-
vatesofthe battalion of marines on board the trans-
port Governor, on the 3d of November, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 84) of thanks to
Captain David G. Farragut, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his com-
mand; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 85) to compensate
the crew of the United States steamer Varuna for
clothing and other property lost in the public
service.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House of Represonlati ves had
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 280) to establish and equal-
ize the grades of line officers of the United States
Navy.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 348) for the better organization of the Navy
of the United States with amendments; in which
it requested the concurrence of ihe Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 219) grant-
ing an invalid pension to Hugh H. Howard, of
Hoclangport, State of Ohio.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bill and
joint resolution; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 435) for the relief of Susan Dick-
son, widow of John Dickson, deceased; and
Ajointresolution (No. 102)tenderingthe thanks
of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote, United States
Navy.
CAPTAIN RINGGOLD.
M''- HALE. The Legislature of the State of
Maryland have passed some joint resolutions,
tendering the thanks of the Legislature to an offi-
cer of the Navy, Captain Ringgold, for gallant
and humane service in rescuing the crew of the
transport Governor. They have transmitted them
to the Naval Committee, with a request that they
may be preserved in the archives of (he commit-
tee. The committee have no archixes; and they
have thought proper that they be presented to the
Senate, and plailft upon the files of the Senate.
Of course it can only be done by unanimous con-
sent, and if there is unanimous consent, I send
them up. They are very brief; and i move that
they be read, and laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT p>-o tempore. They will be
read, and laid on the table.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Legislature of the State of Maryland in Genera! Assembly.
Joint resolution commending the conduct of, and tender-
ing the thanks 01 the Legislature to, Captain Cadwalader
Iviuggolu, his officers and crew, for rescuing the mnrin&
battalion irom the wreck of the steamer Governor* adopt-
ed by the General Assembly of Maiyland, March 3, 1852.
Whereas the coolness and eminent seamanship dis-
played by Captain Cadwalader Ringgold, early in Novem-
ber last, in rescuing a marine battahou of four hundred mets
from the wreck of the transport steamer Governor, durine
the storm which overtook the United States squadron, on
us way from Fortress Monroe to the attack and capttue of
Portltoyal, is an occurrence well calculated to elevate the
charactcr of the American Navy, and desciving of honor-
able mention by the Legishuuie of his, native State: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of Maryland* That
the thanks of the Legislature are tendered to Captain Ring-
gold and the officers and crew of the United States frigate
babine, for their gallant and humane effoits in saving the
lives of so many human beings fiom the wieck of the ill-
fated steamer Governor, duung the storm on the southern
coast, in November last.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit a
effpy of these resolutions In Captain Ringgold, requesting
hhii to communicate the same to the officers and crew ot
-the frigate Sabine.
A tine copy ftoin the recoid.
Annapolis, Match'3f 1862.
Attest: T. SNOWDBN THOMAS,
Clerk House of Delegates, Man/land*
CHAPMAN I1ARWOOD,
Secretary of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The document
will lie on the table.
NAVAL REGULATIONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 348) for the better organization
of the Navy of the United States.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the said bill.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 280) to estab-
lish and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States Navy, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
disagreed to by ihe House of Repre.-entatives and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the fec.iate bo appointed by the President Tro tempore.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Kennedy.
navy-yard on league island.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate hill
No. 363, to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to accept the title to League Island, in the Dela-
ware river, for naval purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the hill.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, in the sixth line, after
the word " river," to insert the woids " together
with the marsh east of and adjacent thereto all."
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. GRIMES. The word " indefensible," in
tho_eleventh line, should be " indefeasible."
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. That verbal
change will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word " island," in
the eleventh line, 1 move to insert the words "and
marsh adjacent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. GRIMES. In the fourth line of the sec-
ond section, alter the word "shops," I move to
insert "and machinery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the board of officers to be
