'IHl -GOlN0-RESSTOFAL GLOBE/
July 11,
ajjpointed by the Secretary of tho Navy according to the
provisions of the fust section of this act, shall, before pro-
ceeding to any decision of the questions hereinbefore re-
ferred to then), make a survey and examination of the har-
bor of New London and its surroundings, with reference to
its capacity and fitness for a naval depot and navy-yard, and
whether the public interests will bengjunoted by establish-
ing a naval depot and navy-yard in or near said harbor of
New London, instead of League Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I propose to amend tho
amendment, by inserting after " New London,"
the words " and Narragansett bay."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have no authority, in behalf
of the committee from whom this bill proceeded,
to accept these amendments. I am perfectly con-
tent that they should be put on the bill, though,
bccause, so Car as I am aware of, the water and
other conveniences and the interests of tho Gov-
ernment, I do not know of any point that can come
in competition or rivalry with the point named in
the original bill; but I trust we shall not have it
loaded down with too many propositions, or else
the commission will never be able to get through
and report, and make the yard, wherever it may be
established, of any benefit before we shall bo under
(lie necessity of using it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will put my amendment
in this shape:
And that they shall also make the same investigation 111
regard to the waters of Namigansott bay.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to strike out section
two, which appiopriates $200,000. I have no ob-
jection to the first section. I was convinced \fy
the Senator from Iowa, the other day, that it was
to tiie interest of the Government to accept this
cession from the city of Philadelphia; but I think
wo ought not to appropriate any money at pres-
ent. It will be soon enough to do that next win-
ter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the bill by striking out
the second section. It will be read.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
ISno. 3. Jhiri be it further enact&il, That if the title shall
bo accepted and received as afore>aid, then foi the purpose
of (surveys, piling, (hedging, filling, excavating, building
wall", houses, shops, and maehineiy on said island, the sum
of %200,0()0 he, and the some is Iteteby, uppiopriaied out.ot
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. If this section will cause any
delay or doubt as to the. passage of the bill in the
other House, as I am told it will, I shall be con-
tent to have it stricken out, provided there is in
some other bill—and of that the Senator fiorn Ohio
can inform me—in-the naval or some other appro-
priation Inll, an appropriation already made, a
portion of which can be used to fit this site, or
whatever place may be selected, for naval purposes.
Before we meet again, we do not know what may
occur in legal d to theielationsof this country with
any foreign Power; and I think I am authorized
to say that, under some contingencies, some place
may be absolutely necessary to our protection for
the safe deposit and repairof iron vessels. If there
is any appropriation that can be used in making
preparations for a depot for these vessels, and for
the repair of them, 1 am content that the section
shall bo stricken out. Tho Senator from Ohio can
inform me whether there is such an appropriation
or not; 1 do not know.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriations for con-
tingencies of the naval service, especially for this
class of service, I think are probably sufficient.
At any rate, if the Senator desires to pass this bill
he hau better not put any appropriation in it. If
it goes to the other House containing an appro-
priation, it will have to go to the Committee of
the Whole, and it is very hard in that House at
this stage of the session to pass a bill containing
an appiopriatioi! of $800,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like the views of the
Senator from Maine on this point.
Mr. FESSENDKN. 1 really do not know what
this question is. I suppose there is no doubt but
that the sum appropriated for contingencies in
reference to iron vessels would be enough
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I am a little anxious to get gen-
tlemen who represent the Finance Committee on
record upon this subject. There is no speeialap-
propriation for contingencies of iron-clad vessels,
but there is an appropriation for the building and
repair of iron-clad ships.
Mr; FESSENDEN. They must have a place
to build and repair them.
Mr. GRIMES. If the opinion of the Senators
is that, under that appropriation, money can be
used in making preparations at either of the points
named for the repair of such vessels of war, I/tm
content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose they
could make anything like a permanent place un-
der such an appropriation, but I presume the use
of any ordinary sum for a particular contingency
would be authorized.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well, then; I do not in-
sist on the retention of the section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to strike
out the second section of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concuning in the amendments which have
been made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have just this moment
come from a committee room, and before this
bill passes, I wish to say a word or two on the
subject. I do not know tile order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho bill will
bo open to amendment after the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole shall have been con-
curred in or non-concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 wish to speak to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will have the oppoi tunity.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TEN EY CK. I am notat all familiar with
the proceedings of the morning in relation to this
bill; nor do I know what has been said with icf-
erence to the merits of it, being detained until this
tnomentin committee. A fewdaysago, however,
I understoiy] the Senator from Town to say that ho
considered the safety and permanency and future
success of the Navy to depend upon the passage
of this bill, and the acquisition of the title to this
island in the Delaware river, for the purposes des-
ignated. All I have to say upon that subject is,
that if jiuch be the case, Heaven save the Navy!
I had supposed, from the very eloquent, just,and
proper eulogiums pronounced during the session
by the Senator from Iowa, upon the character of
our Navy, upon the gallantry of our several naval
officers, too numerous for designation now, who
■ during the continuanccof this rebellion have act-
ually covered this branch of the public service
with glory, that it was far otherwise. If all that
they have done, and all that we expect them to do
in command oftheold Navy asit was constituted,
and in command of tho new and novel species of
naval vessels, the gunboats, which have rendered
such important and essential service on our west-
ern rivers—a species of vessels for the construc-
tion of which the Senator from Iowa is entitled to
very great credit—if all these things are to be re-
garded as naught, unless League Island, in the
river Delaware, can be acquired for the purposes
of the Navy, I repeat, Heaven save the Navy, and
Heaven protect the glory of the Navy !
I have no further wish before the passage of this
bill than to call the attention of the Senate to what
they are doing, that they may judge of the pro-
priety of the passage of the bill. Theofferon the
partofthecityofPhiladelphiaof the title to League
Island to the Government of the United States, for
the purpose of establishing a navy-yard, seems to
be magnanimous. It isa noble offer upon its face,
a splendid donation, a gift almost unheard of for
magnificence. The first section of the bill describes
it asa gift on the part of the city—disinterested,
noble, and almost without parallel. It is said to
be worth §300,000 The second section, however,
provides for an appropriation of |200,000 for the
purposes ofsurveys, piling, dredging, lllling, exca-
vating, building walls, houses, and shops on the
island.
Mr. GRIMES. That section has been stricken
out.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I was not in, and was not
aware that it had been stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The second
section of the biil has been stricken out.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Nevertheless, it affords a
key to unlock the character of this offer on the part
of the city of Philadelphia, and serve asa note of
warning, if nothing else, to Congress, when they
arenbout to act on u measure of this kind. If the !
second section has been stricken out of this bill,
we shall find a section similar to it in some subse-
quent bill, and instead of $200,000 being required
for the purpose of piling;, dredging, filling, exca-
vating, building walls, &c., I apprehend it will
approach nearer a million in oider to render it
available for the purposes designed or expected by
th$Navy. Does it not strike the Senate as a little
peculiar that it should have been thought advis-
able to have an appropriation of $200,000 at the out-
set, in order to make this magnificent gift available
for the purposes which those who have charge of
naval affairs seem to design or to consider neces-
sary to make it effective?
Why, sir, I live not far remote from League
Island, only about seventeen miles from that place,
and I assert that I believe there is not a foot of
solid giound on the whole island; it is low, mea-
dowy, marshy land, and every foot that will be
required for tho public service in the construction
of a navy-yard, for the building of houses, or for
any other such purpose, will have to be made
ground. So, although they may give you an
island, they give you a spongy, marshy, meadowy
soil, which must be made solid land before itcan
become useful or proper for the purposes designed
by this bill, and 11 will not only cost $200,000for
piling, dredging, filling, and excavating, but it
will, perhaps, cost half a million, or more.
Then, again, sir, this second section provided
for building walls. Senators are not familiar with
the character of League Island and the islands in
the river Delaware. Thegreen surfaceofthoseisl-
ands is only a few inches above the level ofthe river,
and some of them, perhaps League Island, below,
at high tide; and in order to make them valuable for
any earthly purpose, they have to be walled by
stone walls, or substantial embankments on their
front, and whenever theie is a freshet in the Dela-
ware, volumesof watcrsweep across these islands
from one end of them to the other, and if it happens
to be in ihe winter time, the ice rolls across from
one end t« the other, in such force that if there
were rocks there they would be excoriated and
marked as the rocks of our northern coasts are
by the passage of ice grating over their surface.
These walls are very extensive, so much so as to
render these islands, although very valuable for
the purpose ofgrazingand for hay, of not so much
value in the market when the expense of their
construction and repair is taken into consideration,
since they are constantly liable to be swept away,
and frequently are.
Then, sir, instead of having an island as a gift,
which is most magnificent and splendid on its face,
from the city of Philadelphia, they give you an
island for a certain purpose, which you have to
improve and make entirely different in its char-
acter before it can be available. Why, sir, these
islands there are pushed over in skiffs at high tide
by sportsmen when shooting reed bird and rail.
The cost would be millions, perhaps, in order to
make these islands available, according to the best
information I have, for the purposes designed by
this bill.
Again: it is unnecessary that we should receive
this island for the purpose designed. The Gov-
ernment now own in that neighborhood tracts of
land suitable and appropriate for the purpose,
where they can construct a navy-yard without its
costing a dollar. The Government now own a
valuable property at FortMifflin, ju?t a little way
below this island, with an extended water front.
The Delaware river in winter is less obstructed
by ice helotf the Schuylkill than above if. Be-
sides this, the Government has seven acres of high
land at the old Lazaretto, and more than one hun-
dred acres of reclaimed marsh land. If it becomes
necessary to move the navy-yard south of the
city, it may be moved down to the Government
property at Fort Mifflin, where there will be no
necessity for piling and ditching and draining and
filling and excavating and building walls for the
purpose of making a site valuable for a navy-
yard. And then, again, there is a road over the
Schuylkill river by a bridge at Penrose Ferry di-
rect to Fort Miffim, while League Island is iso-
lated, and if wc accept this magnificent present,
we have yet to build a bridge in order to make it
accessible from the mam land. I assure 'Senators
that there is some danger of their being cairied
away by this splendid lure of a magnificent pres-
ent which the'city of Philadelphia now offer* to
bestow upon the United States. We not only
