304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
making this contract. I think the whole thing is
absurd.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that the plate
consists of three separate plates, separately en-
graved, and that three separate impressions are
made upon each and every note. You cannot
make a note like these without three plates, and
three separate impressions upon each note.
Mr. WASHBURN E. I demand the previous
question upon the amendment of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the pending motion to postpone.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand that at least
three plates for such notes as these are necessary.
Mr. BAKER. I call the previous question upon
the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to-postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Baker,
Baxter, Blditie, Ulake, George II. Browne, Buffintow, Burn-
ham, Calvert, Clark, Cobb, Frederick A. Uonkling, itoseoe
Conkling, Cooper, Cox, Cravens, Cnsfield, Crittenden, Cut-
ler, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgertop, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Fouke, Fianchot, Goodwin,.Grfder, Gnriey,
Hanehett, Hauling, Harrison, liolman, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Killmger, Kuapp, Law, Leary, Lehman, Logan,
Loomis, McKmght, Mel'herson, Mallory, Marston, May,
Monzie*, Mitchell, Moorhcad, Mnrn>, Noblo, Norton Nu-
gen,Pfitlon,Peiry, Pike, Porter,Potter, John If.Rtee,Rich-
ardson, liobinson, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins
Sargent, Sluol, Sloan, John B Steele, William G. Steele,
Irimble, Upton, Vallandigham. Van Horn, Van Wyck
Charles W. Walton, E. P.- Walton, Wa*hburne, Wheeler!
«rbei? c,!ilton A- White, Wilson, Wmdom,
-.Woodruff, Worcostei, and Wright—91.
NAYtJ—Mesgji,. A^hJey, Joseph Baily, Bingham, Samuel
b. Blair. Vv tlhani G. Brown, Campbell, Chainbei]in, Colfax
Conway, Davj-,, Edward*, Eliot, Fesseuden, Fisher, Gran-
ger, Hale, Hooper, Hoi ton, Hutching Kcifey, Lansing
Lovejoy,Maynard, Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Ohn.Timothy
G. Phelps, Pomcioy, Alexander [I. Rice, Riddle, Sedgwick,
Shanks,Sheffield, Sherman, Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin
h. Thomas, Tram, Trowbridge, Van Valkenbur«*h Wal-
lace, Ward, and wickliffe—43. °
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr, Hickman
was detained at home by indisposition.
A similar statement was made in reference to
Mr. Lazeak.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Smith was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING stated that Mr. Wall
was confined to his room by severe indisposition.
Mr. CRISF1ELD stated that Mr. Webster
had been called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Stratton
had returned home in consequence of sickness in
his family.
Mr. WHEELER stated that Mr. Clahk was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. With the permission of
the House, I wish to ask a single question of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
If these men are not to be paid for the work
agreed to bo done, what is the ncccssitvof appro-
priating §150,000 to pay somebody else, when
there is no contract in existence, and no authority
to make one' 1
Mr. STEVENS. I answer very frankly I see
no kind of occasion whatever for the approprm-
t,0M,a"n \ WRVKC wn!e,had better be  4«'ved.
Mi. DAWEb. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tuc cy al ow me to answer his question ? There
will be this use of the appropriation. As it now
stands, the Committee of the Whole have stricken
out the appropriation altogether. If this amend-
ment l-i adopted the appropriation is still in the
bill, with the proviso that it may be applied to the
payment of the clerks who are carrying on this
business in the Treasury Department, and to any
new contract which the Secretary sees fit to make
upon his own responsibility.
Mr. STEVENS. In conversation with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, I did not learn that there
are any arrearages for any other things, and that
this appropriation is simply to carry out the en-
graving of notes not already done. If a new con-
tract is made we can make a new appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to ask the Chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if it
was not a point made in debate on Friday that if
you struck out this amendment a large number
of these men now at work in the Treasury De-
partment would not get their pay; and if great
stress was not laid upon that fact in order to induce
the committee not to strike out the appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe it was so stated in
the debate on Friday. I had had no intercourse
with the Secretary of the Treasury at that time;
but I have since taken occasion to inquire of him,
and I find that, if the work is to be stopped, there
is no necessity for any further appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. Then it follows that the con-
tract was of such a nature that $550,000 is to be
paid for engraving solely. If such is the contract,
I think they can afford to wait until it is looked
into.
Mr. BURNHAM. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Speaker as to the manner in which the
question stands. I understand that now we have
amended the original amendment, which was to
strike out the clause, by reinseiting it with the
proviso of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
If now we vote down the amendment as amended,
I wish to know whether the original paragraph
of the Committee of Ways and Means does not
remain in the bill?
The SPEAKER. An affirmative vote upon
the question now before the House would adopt
the provision in the bill with the proviso proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. A nega-
tive vote will adopt the provision now in the bill
without the proviso.
Upon theadoption oftheamendmentas amended
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 43; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Ancona, Arnold, 15al>bitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beainan, BMdle, Blake, George [I. Browne,
Duffinton, Clements, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Eoscoe
Conkling, Cooper, Cornins;, Cox, Cravens, Cnttenden, Cut-
ler, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Fotike, Franchot, Goodwin, Grider, Gurley,
Harding, Harrison, llolman, Johnson, Francis VV. Kello™
William Kellogg, Killlngcr, ICuapp, Law, Lazear, Lehman
Logan, Loomis, McKmght, MeFherson, Mallorv, Marston
Menzios, Mitchell, Moorhoad, Morris, Noble, Norton, Nu-
gon, I'atton, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Porter, Potter, John
II. Kiee, Itiehaidson, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, Jaines
S. Rollins, Sargent, Shiel, Sloan, John li. Steele, William
G Steele, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Upton, Vallandigham.
\an Horn, Van Wyclt, Vihbard, Wadsworth, Chaiies VV.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward, Wasliburne, Wheeler, Al-
bert S, White, Chilton A. White, Wilson, Windom,
Woodruff, Worcester, and Wtiglit—95.
NAYti— Messrs. Ashley, Joseph Baily, Bingham, Samuel
S. Bl.ui, William G. Blown, Burnliam, Campbell, Cham-
lierhn, Colfax, Covodu, Davis, Edward.-, Eliot,
Fessenden, Fisher, Grander, Hale, Hooper. Hoiton, Hutch-
in?, Julian, Kelley, Lansing, Lovejoy, Maynaid, Justin S.
Moirill, Noell, Olir^ Timothy G, Pheips, Poiueruy, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Riddle, Sedgwick, Shank*, Sheffield, Sher-
man, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trowbridge,
Van Valkenburgli, and Wallace—13.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed' to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WICKLIFFE, when his name was called,
said: if I vote "ay," I understand that I vote
for $150,000, with the proviso; if "no," I vote
for the $150,000 without the proviso. As I cannot
vote for either, 1 ask to bo excused from voting,
1 he SPEAKER. It is not in order to inter-
rupt the roll-call for any such purpose.
The result of the vote having been announced
as -above recorded,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer a similar
amendment to the next paragraph but one of the
bill, which is as follows:
th r 0xl)c;nsc5 cm rying into effect the act
of 1 fth of Ju.y, 18oi, and the act of nth of August, 18GI, m
addition to the appropriations made by those acts for those
objects, $100,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommend that that clause be stricken'
out. I move to insert the following in lieu of it:
For thenecessary expenses in carrying into effect the act
of 17th of July, J8S1, and the act of 5th of August, 1831, in
addition to the appiopriations made by those acts for those
objoctv, $100,000 : Provided, That n-> ■part of this appropria-
tion shall he used in payment or liquidation of any sum due
on any existing contract for engraving or printing bonds or
notes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker, I
do not so much object to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts as I do to
the manner and mode in which this appropriation
is attacked. A gentleman occupying a position
upon this distinguished committee chooses to come
in here, before their report has been printed and
placed in the hands of members, with it, piece-
meal, as questions arise on appropriation bills.
Now, sir, it seems to me that he has framed his
indictment with surpassing ability against one
branch of the Administration, while he directs the
blow against another. It seems to me that the
gentleman would have better discharged his duty,
knowing all these facts as he does, if he had brought
in a bill by^ which to correct these abuses; or if fie
does not intend to bring in such a bill, let him
bring forward a proposition of want of confidence
in the member of the Administration in whom he
has no confidence, and possibly, very possibly,
he and I should agree upon what victim should
be surrendered; but I protest against the bringing
in of a portion of the report of" this investigating
committee here to strike down one appropriation
after another, until the House is in the possession
of all the facts. Certainly at this time, when the
House is in its present mood, and when the coun-
try is in its present excited temper, it is very easy
for any man occupying a position upon that com-
mittee to stab the reputation of any Government
official, and to discredit any appropriation what-
ever.
So far as this amendment is concerned,! do not
regard it as of very great importance. ItwilWiave
this effect: it will stop the printing of any more
Treasury notes; and, so far as I am concerned,
unless we can make them of equal value to coin,
I am perfectly willing they shall be stopped.
Mr. IIOLMAjNT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether this $100,000 is not to be
appropriated for woik hereafter to be done? And
if so, in what manner will the public service be
embarrassed by this limitation upon the appro-
priation?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look
at the bill he will see that this is for the future.
What we have passed upon was a deficiency.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was agreed 'to.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, as amended, was then
adopted.
The House then proceeded to consider the other
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
First amendment:
Strike out the following paragraph :
For commission, at two and a half per centum, to such
superintendents a*; are entitled to the same under the oro-
viso to mo act of March 3,1851, $1,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out the following clause :
For purchase of manuie for the public grounds, $1,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
In lines one hundred and eleven and one hundred and
twelve strike out "$1,095, "and insert ".$500;" so that the
clause will read:
Foi hue of carts on the public grounds, $500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
In line one hundred and sixteen strike out "five," and
mseit "two;" s>o that the clause will read :
For purchase and repair of tools used in the oubilc
grounds, §200. F
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment;
In line one hundred and twenty strike out "three " and
insert '• one&o that the clause will read:
For purchase of trees and tr«e-boxe«5, to replace where
necessary, buch as have been planted by the UnitP^States
to whitewash tiee-boxns and fence?, and to repair oave-
ment* in front of the public ground?, §1,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
