THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi
11'-i1 y
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-BESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WAmimTOW, 0:
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2e Session. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15,1862. New 5ffc
Sixth amendment:
In line one hundred and twenty-eightstrikc out" $3,000,"
and insert " $3,000so that the, clause will read:
For annual repairs of the President's IIouso arid furniture,
improvement of grounds, purchase of plants for garden, and
contingent expenses incident thereto, $2,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
In the clausc beginning on line one hundred and thirty-
two strike out the words: "Bridge and High streets m
Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets
across the Mall," and reduce the amount trom " $50,000"
to " $30,000so that the clause will road :
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lie grounds around them, and around the executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, $30,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Inline one hundred and forty-three, after the word " ave-
nue," insert" and watering the same so that it shall read:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue and watering the
same, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
In line one hundred and forty-six strike out "$2,000 "
and insert "$l,0fi0;" so that fhe paragraph will read :
For public reservation number two and La Fayette squaie
$1,000.
• The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth and eleventh amendments:
In line one hundred and forty-eight strike out the words
"continuing the Improvement of the same," and m line
one hundred and forty-nine strike out "$3,000 " and inseit
"$! ,000;" so that the clause will read:
For taking caie of the grounds south of the President's
House, and keeping them in order, $1,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-three strike out the word
"all," and inseit after the word "the "the wo!duold,"and
reduce the appropriation from " $1,000" to "$150;'" so
that the clause will read :
For repairs of furnaces under the old Capitol, $1.30.
The amendment was concurred in
Thirteenth amendment:
At the end of line one hundred and seventy-five, on page
8, after the word " seeds " insert '• of new and useful vari-
eties, and for the introduction and protection of insectiv-
orous birds;" so that the provision will read:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
promoting agriculture and rural economy, and the procure-
ment, propagation, and distribution of cuttings and seeds,
of n<nv and useful varieties, and for the introduction and
piotcction of insectivorous biids, $60,000: Pronded, how-
ever, That in the expenditure of this appropriation, and
especially in the selection of cuttings and &eeds for distribu-
tion, due'regard shall be had to the purposes of general cul-
tivation and the encouragement of the agncultutal and
rural interests of all parts of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Add at the end of the foregoing clause the following pro-
viso :
JJnd provided further, That not more than $4,000 of this
sum sliali be applied to the purposes of the propagating
garden.
#The amendment was not concurred'in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Atthe close of the first section of the bill insert:
Provided, That the appropriation of $78,000 for Atlantic
andGulfsurvcy,$100,0U0for Western coast survey, $11,000
for Florida reefs and keys, shall not be expended, nor any
part thereof, while the piesent insurrection exists: Provi-
ded further. That sucli portion of the Coast Survey appro-
priation as shall be deemed by the President impoitant for
the prosecution of the blockade, and suppression ot' the re-
bellion, or for any other puipose shall not be suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
** The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR-, of Missouri. Is it in order to
call for a division of the question?
The SPEAKER,. It is reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union as
a single amendment, and cannot be divided by the
House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri These were two
amendments proposed in the committee, at differ- j
ent times.
The SPEAKER. They are reported as one
amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That was a mistake
on the part of the committee, or the chairman, or
the clerk, or whoever reported it. Every mem-
ber recollects that these were two distinct amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
main question having been ordered. The Chair
has no power to correct the report at this time,
even if it were incorrect.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. These amendments
were adopted at different times and to different
sections. The first amendment was offered on this
side of the House, and subsequently the second
proviso came from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Missouri that even although
that be so, the amendment would still be reported
as a single amendment. It consists of two pro-
visoes, but the committee reported both as one
amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. ifthereare two pro-
visoes, how could they be reported as one amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
that they arc reported to the House by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as one amendment, and cannot be divided in the
House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the point of order that
this conversation between the Speaker and the
gentleman from Missouri is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair maintains the
point of order. No debate is in order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. COX. Can the question not be divided
by unanimous consent of the House ? Nobody
objects to the division.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the state-
ment of the Manual on the point in question.
The Clerk read from the Manual, as follows:
"An amendment, reported from the Committee of the
Whole as an entire amendment, is not divisible, nor is an
amendment of the Senate divisible."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri appeals from ihetiecision of the Chair. The
question is: "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?"
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on the amendment; on
which the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Mc«srs. .Aneona, Arnold, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, JacobB. Ulair, William G.Brown,Colfax, Frederick
A. Colliding, Itoscoe Conkluig, Cravens, Crittenden,
Fiank, Gridor, Hale, Hardin?, Holman, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Killingcr, Law, McPlicrson, Mallory, Maynard,
IVIenzies, Mitchell, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Upton-,
Wadsworth, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White, Chilton A.
White, and Worcester—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Joseph Daily, Biddle", Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
George II. Biowne, Buffinton, Burnham, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Chamberliri, Cobb, Conway, Cooper, Corning,Covode,
Cox, Crisfield, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot. English, Fentcm, Fessenden,
Fisher, Fouke, Franehot, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gur-
Icy, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, liutclun«, Julian, Kclley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kuapp, Lansing, Lazear, Leary, Lo-
gan, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKmght, Marston, May, Moor-
head, Anson P. Moirill, Justm S. Moirill, Noble, NoeJl,
Noiton. Nugen, Odell, Olm, Patton, Perry, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H. llice, John
II. Rice, Riddle, Edvvaid If. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan, John B. Steele,
William G. Steeie, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Tram, Tiowbndge, Valiandigham, Vandever,Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van W\ck, Vibhard, Wallace.
Chat lex W. Walton, Ward, Wastibunio, Wickliife, Wil-
son, Wlndom, and Wright—106.
So the amendment was rejected.
Eighteenth amendment:
At the end of line seventeen, on page 11, insert:
For amount lequired for clerks and messengers mthe
office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis, from the 1st
of Januaty to the 30th of July, 1862, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Nineteenth amendment: ' ; \ -
At the end of line twenty insert: " <*", , *
To enable the Commissioner of Public BuiMings tor h4$e'
the old furnace under the Library of Congress removed, aii|i
a new one erected in its place, $325.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twentieth amendment:
At the end of the bill insert:
For the expenses attending the removal to and the occu-
pation of the building at the corner of F and Fifteenth
streets for the Surgeon General's and Paymaster General's
offices, for six months ending the 30th of June, 1862,$7,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-first amendment:
Add at the end of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the following sum be
and the same is hereby appropriated for the service of the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863:
For the expenses of the building at the corner of F and
Fifteenth streets, occupied by the Surgeon General's and
Paymaster General's offices, $8a800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE LONDON EXHIBITION.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order to take up and pass a bill which
I think will not occupy a single moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion. This bill can only occupy
a few moments.
Mr. LOVEJOY. "With that understanding, I
will withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr, STEVENS. If the bill gives rise to debate,
I will allow a motion that the committe rise to be
made.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I withdraw my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wright in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 192) making an appropriation to
carry into effect the joint resolution approved 27th
Jwly,"1861, relative to the exhibition of the indus-
try of all nations, at London, in the year 3862.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think that we can well spare at this time the amount
of money proposed to be appropriated by this bill.
I do not think that the present condition of the
country, the state of trade and business, and other
considerations, justify the fitting out or chartering
of a vessel for the purpose of carrying some gen-
tlemen from here to London and baefc. I do not
propose to discuss the question now; but with a
view of testing the strength of that idea in the
House, I move to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD Before that motion is put
I desire to submit an amendment, of which I gave
notice the other day. I now offer it, and ask that
it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, a3 follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, as follows :
That the sum of $35,000, or so much thereot as may be
required, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money m the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated, to
carry into eftVct the joint resolution of Congress, approved
the 27th of July, 1861, i dative to the international exhibi-
tion of the industry of all nations, at London, in the year
1862.
And insert as follows :
That the following sum« be, and the «nme are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in t!if> Trea^urj' not other-
wise appropriated, to defray certain expanses of the com-
mission and exhibitors to the exhibition of the industry of
all nations, at London, in the year 1S62:
For paying freight on articles intended for the London
exhibition in 1862, from New Yoik to London and return,
by packet ships, and for charges for loading and unloading
20
