1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cities who sell to them. There ought to be some
discrimination between those who sell by the tierce
or barrel and those who sell by the gallon, and
for that purpose I have submitted the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to insert
"any and" and " or wines;" so that it will read;
3. Whole-sale dealers in hquursof any and every descrip-
tion, me! tiding distilled spirits,fermented liquors, and wines
of ail kinds, shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Every
person who shall sell 01 offer for sale any such liquors in
quantities of more than three gallons at one tune, to the
same purchaser, shall be regarded as a wholesale dealer in
liquois or wines within the meaning of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to increase the tax
for a license from fifty dollars to one hundred dol-
lars. It seems to me if there is any business in
the countiy which can and will pay for the sup-
port of the Government libeially, it is this liquor
business. The wholesale seller, whoever ho may
be, can pay §100 tax. It is the most profitable
trade in the country, at leastit is in the part of the
country from which I come, and that, perhaps, is
the most temperate section of the Union. That
may be doubted by others, but I may assume it
without offense. I do not know a wholesale dealer
in liquors who has been any considerable time in
the business who has not accumulated large prop-
erty. I think that we may as well take a small
portion of their vast profits to help the country in
this emergency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that this
is a move in the right direction, but I do not think
that it goes far enough. I apprehend that there
will be no objection to it. Yesterday, when the
question of the selling of liquor was agitated, it
seemed to move the House as though some pecu-
liar domestic institution had been assailed. Every
member seemed to have a still of his own, or to
have a constituent that had a still, who would be
absolutely ruined if the trade were interfered with.
We have no distilleiics in Maine, and we intend
never to have any there. Therefore I forbore to
participate in the discussion yesterday.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Kellogc] was
earnest to have the market open for his constitu-
ents to convert their grain into spirits to be used
for mechanical purposes. He would, however,
tax spiiits heavily which were used as a beverage;
and 1 now ask thatgentleman to redeem his prom-
ise and suppoit this measure to tax the men who
sell for that purpose.
Mr. M ALLORY. I ask my friend whether he
would not feel te<tty if we proposed to tax codfish
and molasses. [Laughter.] His people may make
rum out of one, but not out of the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We will talk of
molasses when we come to talk of cotton; but I
admit fish should go with the Kentucky whisky.
I was saying, when interrupted by my good-na-
tured fuend from Kentucky, that my friend was
disposed to make the duty heavy upon the spirits
used as a beverage and light upon those used for
mechanical purposes.
Now, it has been well said by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, that there is no business
-so profitable as this wholesaling of spirituous
liquors, except that of retailing them. It has been
certified by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hor-
ton,] that they take these spirits, costing oniy
ten or twelve cents a gallon,and by a simple pro-
cess, involving a capital of not more than ten dol-
lars, they convert it into brandy, gin, wine, and
intoxicating drinks of every description, and sell
it for a largo price—he did not say how much, but
we all know it is sold at from one to five dollars
per gallon. He says the process is the simple one
of turning the liquor into a barrel and immediately
drawing it out again, and naming it whatever you
please. It is simply presto change, and you have
wine, brandy,gin,old Bourbon, &e. Now,do you
object to making the men pay who deal m tins arti-
cle r Suppose we do make the license entirely pro-
hibitory. Gentlemen need not get nervous about
this matter, if wc place a heavy license upon these
liquors. Gentlemen have to pay, as I learn, ton
cents per glass for the ordinary, and twenty-five
cents a glass for what they term extra brandy.
But what does that glass of liquor cost? Only
about a cent, in its original form, as estimated by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blake,] before u
undergoes this marvelous transforming process.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if you make this tax so
high as to prohibit the traffic, which this does not
propose to do, you can do no more valuable ser-
vice for your country. I would make the tax so
high that no wholesale or retail dealer could be
found in the land, if it were practicable. If you
would do that, if you could entirely stop the vise
of intoxicating drinks and the war rage on, your
country would suffer less by the war than it has
and does from the use of intoxicating liquors.
[Here the hammer fell.] As my time has expired
in opposing the amendment, I move to amend the
amendment by making the amount $500. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to make the amount
§5,000.
Mr. MORRILL,ofMaine. Sitdown; youare
out of order. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. I move to amend
the amendment by making the amount $500.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is hi
order.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. This is a matter
which 1 do not mean to discuss in a tiivial man-
ner. It is a matter in reference to which the ob-
ject is to tax the people in such a manner that
they shall bleed to the least possible amount. I
believe there was one gentleman upon the other
side of the House who considered liquor as an
article of prime necessity. 1 presume no other
gentleman in this House will agree to that senti-
ment.
Now, you may look over the whole list of arti-
cles which you have taxed, and you will find
scarcely one which you can strike off as unneces-
sary and as not essential for the good of society.
Here is one which no gentleman will contend is
absolutely necessary to be used as a beverage;
and only as a beverage am 1 contending against
its use, and as such 1 would have it pay the very
highest tax. I am not contending against its use
for mechanical and medicinal purposes. Here you
say a man may be licensed to sell that upon which
he makes $100 a day by paying fifty dollars a
year. Suppose you do put on a tax which shall
strike out every little establishment; suppose you
reduce the number of wholesale establishments by
the imposition of this $500 tax: can any gentle-
man find any community that would be injured
thereby? There is no such community. There is
no man here who represents a community who
would be injured if every shop which retails
liquors as a beverage were closed. Why, then,
should gentlemen vote against imposing the high-
est tax and thereby getting the largest amount of
revenue ? Let the tax be what it may, there will
always be shops enough licensed to furnish all the
liquor that may be wanted—at least, all that can
possibly be needed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. The committee
strove as far as it was in their power to entirely
exclude the discussion of the Maine law in this
House, and yet the gentleman from Maine, by
very considerable ingenuity, has managed to get
in two speeches on the Maine law. The bill does
not provide for a license to sell a single drop of
liquor m any part of the country. It is mainly
to carry out the Maine law that this provision was
inserted; for under the Maine law it is specially
provided that liquors may be sold as a medicine,
and to be used for mechanical purposes; and this
provision relates of course to the Maine law, pro-
viding that parties may be permitted to sell liquors
at wholesale for the purpose of carrying out the
purposes of theMainelaw. Now, the gentleman
from Maine is very anxious to obtain the largest
; amount of revenue under the provisions of this
1 bill, but how does he go to woik to do it?
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I contended that
if you did not get any revenue from this source,
; by reason of a high tax, you would be infinitely
I better off.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The object of
! the gentleman was to obtain revenue, as I under-
i stood him, by imposing the least possible burden
I upon articles of necessity; but as he contended
| that this was not an article of necessity, he was
| for utterly prohibiting its sale by the imposition
' of a heavy tax. Now, if we keep ourselves within
j the provisions of the Maine law, I cannot see
where the objection of the gentleman applies. I
hope we shall have no fuither discussion of this
subject ixa far as it relates to beverages. Such
discussion is certainly not germane to tire provis-
ions of this section.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the amount $500,000; and I move
the amendment for the purpose of expressing nrp-
surprise that a gentleman should stand here in his
place and say we shall do a public service by pro-
hibiting altogether the dealing in liquors for any
purpose, and then come out with a pitiful and
contemptible amendment to make the license |500.
If he wants to prohibit the sale in order to do
this great public service, let him put on a tax-of
§500,000. I make my motion in good faith, and
1 want a division of the House upon it, and I want
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Morrill] to vote
upon it. I want him to come up to the scratch.
Mr.BIDDLE. I was about to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, thinking the tax
rather too high. We have had some experience
in Pennsylvania upon this subject, and we found
it an illusory supposition that'the sale of liquors
could be totally prohibited. I think that the re-
sult of our experience was this: that you must
make the tax such that it will be easier for a man
to pay it than to sell without a license. Imposing
a very heavy tax increases the amount of illicit
sale, and instead of having the effect to regulate
thesale of liquor, throws it into the hands of those
who do it clandestinely. That is the reason why
I think the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
is somewhat too high.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount to fifty-one
dollais. I make the motion simply for the pur-
pose of stating the fact that the United States have
entered into treaties with certain foreign Govern-
ments, by which we have agreed to admit thecon-
sumption of their wines in the United States,and
now to undertake to prohibit the sale of them
would be a violation of such treaty obligations of
the United States. I am therefore opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and in
favor of reducing the license to about the sum
named in the bill.
Mr.THOMAS, ofMassachusetts. What treaty
does the gentleman refer to?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The treaty with France.
Mr. THOMAS, ofMassachusetts. Does it re-
quire us to consume their wine?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It requires us to admit
their consumption.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose wre had better re-
ject this whole amendment, instead of reducing
the amount. But my purpose in rising was to
protest against this doctrine that commcrcial trea-
ties should govern us in regulating the taxes of the
country. We have many of us too often fallen
into the idea that a commercial treaty is to regulate
the tariff, when that matter is confined exclusively
to Congress.
I think now our thirsty friends had better dry
up upon this subject. This is not a law to pro-
hibit the sale of liquor or to correct the morals of
the country. We never should attempt that in
Congress. The object of this bill is to raise rev-
enue, and the idea of raising revenue by prevent-
ing anything from being sold on which you raise
taxes is what I do not understand. If the gen-
tleman wishes to pass one of these sumptuary
laws, let him bring in a bill, and then the gentle-
man can indulge himself in making speeches of
this kind, and, perhaps, I will go with him in
prohibiting the sale of all liquors, excepting, per-
haps, old Bourbon, which has become a neces-
sity to some of my constituents, and fager beer.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. The gentleman,
then, is in favor of the Maine law, but against its
enforcement.
Mr. STEVENS. I am mainly for the law, but
against its enforcement here. [Laughter.]
"Mr, SHEFFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, as it now stands,by striking out "$500,000,"
and inserting v'$101." I offer this amendment for
the purpose of saying that I did not introduce my
original amendment with any reference to the
Maine law, or any other law, prohibiting or al-
i lowing the use of ardent spirits. I did it, sir, in
