1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
and effects shall have been distrained: Provided further,
That there shall be exempt from di&traint the tools or im-
plements of a trade or profession, one cow, arms, and pro-
visions and household furniture kept for use, and apparei
nccctoaiy I'oi a family.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend by striking out the words be-
tween the thirteenth and twentieth lines:
And in ease sue!) duties, with such addition, shall not be
paid within thirty days from the time the said duties ought
to be paid, the collector for the district shall make a per-
sonal demand of the same fiom such person or persons, or
by notice m writing left at his, her, or their dwelling, if
within the collection district, and, If not, at the distillery
owned or superintended by such person or persons, with
some person of piopcr age and discretion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose, in the twenty-second line, to strike
out " such demand or notice," and to insert " the
same shall have become payable;" so that the
clause will read:
And in case of refusal or neglect to pay said duties, with
the addition, within ten days after the same shall have be-
come payable, the amount thereof may be recovered by dis-
traint and sale, 8tc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee further propose to amend by striking out the
proviso at the end of the section, in the following
words:
Provided, That there shall be exempt from distraint the
tools or implements of a trade or piofession,one cow, arms,
and provisions, and household furniture kept for use, and
apparei necessary for a family.
Mr. HOWARD. Why should that be stricken
out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only state that we
have got it in one place, and certainly do not want
it in another.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire of my friend from
Maine whether this applies to the same state of
facts as the other clause in the same woids.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They arc both general
in their terms, and 1 do not see why they do not
apply to the same thing. I will temark to the
Senate that they are of no force anyway; it is
only a matter of show, because by no possibility
can a tax be laid under this bill on a man so poor
that he will have nothing. Putting in the words
is a mere matter of form.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better let the
clause stand as it is at present.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from Michigan will
see the same words on the 24th page, at the close
of the twentieth section.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is whether the
words there apply to the same state of facts as
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are both in general
terms and in the same words, and apply to noth-
ing in particular.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose at this point to insert the following
new section:
Sec. —. And be it father enacted, That every person li-
censed as aforesaid to distill spirituous liqflors, or licensed
as a brewer, shall, once in each month, upon tlie request
of the assistant assessor for the distuct in winch his busi-
ness as a distiller or brewer may be carrie'd on, respect-
ively, furnish the said assiatantasseseor with an abstract of
the entries upon his books, herein piovidedto be made,
showing the amount of spirituous liquor dialled and sold,
or removed for consumption or sale, of beer, lager beei, ale,
porter, or otiier fermented liquor made and sold during tlie
preceding month, respectively; the truth and correctness
of which abstract shall be vcuficd by the oath of the paity
so furnishing the same. And tlie said assistant assessor
shall have the right to examine the books of such person for
the purpose of ascertaining the conectiiess of ssueli ab-
stract. And for any neglect to furnteli such ahstiaot when
requested, or refusal to furnish an examination ofthe books
as atoreaa'id, the peison so neglecting shall forfeit the sum
of $500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that by
inserting at the beginning of the fourth line tlie
words " assessor or," so as to read, " at the re-
quest ofthe assessor or assistant assessor for the
district;" and also by inserting the words " as-
sessor or" before " assistant assessor," in the
sixth line and the thii teenth line.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. It is past four o'clock now,
sir, and the weather is quite warm. 1 move that
the Senate adjouin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only a quarter after
four, and I think we can go on a little further.
Mr. HOWARD. My friend from Maine, I
suppose, has had his dinner; I have not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not, and I never
do have until I get through.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, I will stay as long as
my friend from Maine will. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it understood that we are
to sit as long as the two Senators from Maine and
Michigan ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it a question of endurance
between them? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I am willing to sit all night
and all day to-morrow. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no more interest
in this bill than other Senators, but as we usually
do not adjourn until about five o'clock, 1 think we
may sit half an hour longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next sec- ;
tion will be read.
The Secretary read the fifty-fourth section, as
follows:
Licenses.
Sec. 54. And be it further enacted, That every license
which is authoiized or requiied to be taken out by this act
shall be granted, and the duty thereon imposed shall be paid
in and tlnoughout the United States and Territories and
District of Columbia, m manner and form following, that
is to say: such license shall be granted upon the delivery
by the assessor of the district of the list of the peison or
persons to be licensed, with the late of the license lequired
stated therein, to the collector, and shall be signed by the
collector or a deputy collector of the district wherein the
same is iequired,and the duty thereupon imposed, as afore-
said, shall be paid to the collector or his deputy, as afore-
said, at the tune of granting the license; and every collector
and deputy collector is and are hereby respectively author-
ized and requiied to grant and deliver every s>uch license,
accoiding to the provisions of this aet and the form pie-
senbed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to the
person or peisons who shall apply for and be legally enti-
tled to lcceive the same foithwith upon payment of tlie
duty or sum of money tlieienpon imposed, fiee fiom all fee,
gi aunty, or other payment whatsoever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to strike out the whole of this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next two sections in
this print are substitutes for it. I think it would
be well to read these together.
The Secretary read the following sections, pro-
posed to be inserted in lieu of the fifty-fourth sec-
tion of the House bill:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of July, 1862, no person, association of persons,
or coipor.mon, shall be encaged in, pioseeute, or cany on,
either ot the tiades oi oceupatmns mentioned in section
sixty-three of this net, until he or they shall have obtained
a licen.se theiefor in the manner hereinafter provided.
Snc. —. Jlndbeilfuithci enacted, That every pei son, asso-
ciation of persons, or eoi porauon desn tng to obtain <i license
to engage in any ofthe tiades or occupation's named in the
sixtv thud section of thib.net, shall legistei with the a- -
sistanta^sessor ofthe assessment district in which he shall
design to cany on such trade or occupation— fir-t,his or their
name or style; second, the trade or occupation for which
a license is desired; third, the place where such trade or
occupation is to he earned on ; fourth, if a rectifier, the num-
ber of ban els ho designs to rectify; if a peddler, whether
he designs to travel on foot, oi with one, two, or more
hoises; if an inn-keepei, the yearly rental of the house and
propeityto be occupied foi sanl purpose ; or, if not rented,
the as-^tant assessor shall value the same. All of which
facts shall be returned, duly certified by such assistant as-
sessor, both to the assessoi and collectoi of the district;
and theieupon, upon payment to the collector, oi deputy
collectoi nearest to him, the amount as hereinafter pio-
vided, such collector or deputy collector shall make out and
delivei a license for sui h tiade or occupation, which
license shall continue in foice for one year, at the place or
piermses described thetein.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to stiike out the fifty-fourth section
of the original bill, und nisei t the two sections just
read in lieu of it. The question is on that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section fifty-five of the bill,
as follows:
Slc m Jlntl he \t further enactcrf, Tliatlf any person or
peisons shall exeicise or cairy on any trade or business
heieinaftei mentioned, tor the exercising or cairving on of
which uade or business a license is lequired by this act,
without taking out such license as ism tliac behait lequired,
he, she, or they shall, for evciy sirch oftense, respectively,
fotfeit a penalty equal tothiee times the amount or the duty
oi sum oi money imposed lor such license, to be sued lor
in any couit of competent juii^diction, in the name of^the
United State*, on-1 moiety thereof to the use of the United
States, the other moiety to the use of the person who, if a
collectoi. shall fiist discover, anil if other than a collector, j
shall fiiot give infoimation of the fact whereby said tor-
feituie was nfcurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section by striking out
the words " to be sued for in any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, in the name of theUnited States,"
which occur in the eighth and ninth lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section%fifty-sIx, as follows;
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted^ That in cveiy license
to be taken out under or by authority of this act shall be
contained and set forth the purpose,"trade, or business for
which such license is granted, aijd the true name and place
of abode of the peison or person? taking out the same, and
the true date or tune of gi anting such license, and {except
iu the cast; of auctioneers and peddlers) the place at which
the trade or business foi wlmh such license is granted
shall be carried on : Provided ahcayt, That pprsons in part-
nership and carrying on their tiade or business in one
place and set of premises only, shall not be obliged to take
out moie than one license in any one year for the purpose
of carrying on such trade or business, save and except that
each and every person whatsoever exercising or carrying
on the trade or business of auctioneer or peddler, or acting
as such, shall take out a separate and distinct license for
that pui pose: And provided further, That no one licence
taken out under or by authority of this act by any person or
persons, except auctioneers and peddlers, shall authorize
or empower such persons to exercise or carry on the trade
or business mentioned in such license in more than one
sepaiate and distinct set of piemises, such premises being
all adjoining or contiguous to each other, and situate In one
place, and held together for thesame trade or business, and
of which he, she, or they shall have made lawful entry, to
exercise or carry on therein Ins, her, or their tiade or busi-
ness, as aforesaid, at the time of gianting such license, but
that a separate and distinct license shall be taken out by all
and every such person or persons as aforesaid, except, as
aforesaid, to exeiehe or carry on his, her, or their trade or
business, as aforesaid, at or in any other or different prem-
ises than as belore mentioned: Provided, That nothing
heiein contained shall prevent the storage of goods, wares,
or merchandise m other places than the place of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend by inserting, after the word
" same," in the fifth line, tlie words:
If for a rectifier, the quantity of spirits authorized to be
rectified ; if hy a peddlei, whether authorized to travel on
foot, oi with one, or two, or more hor es, the time for which
such hcenso it. to run.
So that it will read :
And the true name and place of abode of the person or
persons taking out the same; if for a rectifier, the quantity
of spirits, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose a verbal amendment in (he thirty-
second line to strike out" that," which alteration
will be made, unless objection be made to it. The
next section will be read.
The Secretary read section fifty-seven, as fol-
lows:
Pec. 57. And be it further enacted, That in every case
where mote than one ofthe pursuits, business, or occupa-
tions hereinafter described shall be pursued or carried on
in the same place by tiie saint* person at the same time, ex-
cept as therein mentioned, license must bo taken out for
each kind, aceotdmg to the rates severally ptescubed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
too propose to amend this section by striking out
the word " business" in the second line, and in-
serting "employments."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee also propose to amend this section by striking
out, in the sixth line, the word " kind," after
"each." It does not alter the signification, and
will be made, unless objected to. The next sec-
tion will be lead.
The Secretary read the fifty-eighth section, as
follows:
Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, That every person
exercising oi cauymg on the tiade or business of an auc-
tioneer, or helling any goods oi chattels-, lands, tenements,
or hereditaments, by auction, shall, over and above any
licence to him or her gianted as an auctioneer, take out
such license as is requiied by law to deal in wholesale or
retail, oi to vend, trade in, or sell any goods or commodi-
ties for the dealing in at wholesale or letail, or vending,
trading m, or selling of which a license is specially required,
before he or she shall be pcinutted or authoiized to soil
such goods or commodities at puvate sale ; and it any such
noi-cm shall sell any such goods oi commodities, a> aioie-
said othenvise than by auction, without having taken out
sucli license as aforesaid for that puipoM>, iu: or she shall
be subject and habie to the penalty in that behalf imposed
iinon persons dealing in or retailing, vending, tuuiing, or
selling any such goods or commodities without license, not-
withstanding any license to him or liei hcfoie granted, as
afoie-aid, for the purpose of exercisiim oi cauying on the
tiade or business ot an auctioneer, or selling any goods or
chattels, land*, tenements, or hereditament* by auction,
anything herein contained to the oontiarv notwithstanding:
Protidcdaltiayi, That where such goods or commodities
as afoiesaid are the piopcity of any person or peisons duly
licensed to deal in or to retail, oi trade in,or tell tlie same,
such person or petsons having made lawful entry of his.
her, or their house or premises tor such purpose, it shall
