3m
THl € ONGR1SSION" AL GLOBE.
July 11."
called to, and which I wish to avoid. The gen-
tleman says that the Navy Department recom-
mend this. The Mayor of the city of Philadelphia
recommends it; he has been here and exerted all
the influence of his power, and all the influence of
the city in favor of this measure. They are de-
sirous of having this change made, and they have
brought the advantages of this locality to the no-
tice of the Department, and they have spread
before the'Department all the desirability of this
locality in their view. Whether they are solely
' disinterested or not, it is not forme to say. Sub-
sequent events may prove how that is. I appre-
hend that although the Navy Department may
have better means of judging of these matters than
some of the rest of us, still their better means of
judgment is not entirely to deprive us of the ex-
ercise of our own judgments. We have to vote
the appropriation if any is to be voted hereafter,
and we are now called upon to vote for the pas-
sage of this bill.
Sif, without taking any more time, as the Sen-
ator from Iowa has referred to a report from the
Navy Department in relation to this matter, I re-
spectfully ask to havS the report of the Secretary
of the Navy read, if any such report has been
sent. m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
in formed that there is no such report on the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I thought there was no such
report; but the Senator referred to a report which
had been made.
Mr. GRIMES. I may have used the word
"report;" but I referred ton letter which had
been sent to the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairsj which has been printed by order
of the House of Representatives, and laid on the
table of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have not seen it.
Mr. COWAN. I am utterly at a loss, sir, to
perceive any valid objection to the acceptance of
this gift upon the proposed condition; nor can I
conceive of anything on the part of any city in the
Union more generous and more liberal than this
proposed gift. What is it? The city of Philadel-
phia has purchased a property for §310,000, and
proposes to donatoit to the United States, and does
not ask for your absolute acceptance of it, but
proposes that you may appoint a commission of
scientific gentlemen, and determine the question of
final acceptance on their report. If there is any
danger lurking under this, 1 must confess that my
honorable friend from New Jersey has not shown
it,although his tones were exceedingly ominous,
and when I camc in and heard him, I felt myself
almost transported to the days ofthe siege of Troy,
when some senator was expatiating most lustily
against the admission of the wooden horse:
"Tlmeo Danaos etdnna ferentes."
At the same time, I think the Senate had better
adopt the maxim ofSanchoPanza, " never to look
a gift horse in the mouth." If anybody is will-
ing to give to the Government such gifts as these
are, 1 think it would be the better part of prudence
not to scan them too closely.
Mr. TEN EYCK." If the Senator sees fit to
square Ins conduct in his senatorial career by that
ot Sancho Panza, I am willing to concede to him
the distinction of that course. If the Government
takes possession of this island underthese circum-
stances, it will be as sensible as Sancho taking pos-
session of Barratiuia.
Mr. COWAN. 1 beg leave to say, in behalf
of the memory of Sancho, that when he was gov-'
ernor of that island he behaved very well, and
conducted its affairs with great propriety; and
tins is the first reflection I have ever heard upon
him. [Laughter.]
The bill was oidered to be engrossed for athird
reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
JUr. KING, I inquire of the member of the
Naval Committee having charge ofthe bill for that
letter of the Secretary. I have not seen it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired it is incumbent on the Chair,
under the rule of the Senate, impeiatively, to call
up for consideration the special order, which is
the unfinished business of yesterday, and which
supersedes the further consideration of the bill
now before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that be suspended
until we take the vote. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. If no objection
be made, the consideration of the speciaL order
will be postponed. „
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. GRIMES. I make the motion, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone the special order
until the conclusion of the bill before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The Secretary
will call the roll on the passage of the bill.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll.
Mr. KING. There has been no answer made.
I should like to have that letter read. As there
is a difference between gentlemen, I desire to see
what the Secretary states upon this subject. I
have not seen it.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is anybody's fault that the
Senator has not seen it, it is his own. It was laid
on his table. It was a letter addressed to the chair-
men of the Committees on Naval Affairs of the
Senate and House of Representatives, and it was
printed by order of the House.
Mr. KING. Have you got it?
Mr. GRIMES. I have a copy of it on my file
here, I presume.
Mr. KING. If the Senator will state what it
contains, very well.
Mr. GRIMES. I had the honor to submit a
few observations on this subject two or three
weeks ago, and I read very copious extracts from
it; and if the gentleman had done me the honor
to read those remarks, he would have learned that
the better part of those remarks consisted of ex-
tracts from the Secretary's letter on this subject,
in which he said that duty to the country imper-
atively required us to establish new navy-yards,
or very greatly to increase the capacities of the
present ones.
Mr. KING. A single other question, and that
is, whether the Secretary of the Navy recommends
this proposition. I ask the question with a view
to know whether this is a recommendation from
the Department.
Mr. GRIMES. He recommends no point, and
if the Senate will bear with me one moment, I will
state that this bill provides for a commission to
investigate this point, New London, and Narra-
gansett Ray.
Mr. KING. Without determining?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; without determining.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Carlile,
Collium'r, Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Halt1, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Ken-
nedy, King, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Klce, Saulstiury, Sheiman, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wado, VVilley, Wilmot, and Wilson 01' Massachusetts—3*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Lane of Indiana, Pow-
ell, Stark, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—9.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
io wing bills; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 390) in relation to the competency
of witnesses in trials of equity and admirality ;and
A bill (No. 5fil) in relation to commissioned
officers of the United States revenue cutter service.
The messagealso announced that the House of
Representatives had insisted upon its amend-
ments to the bill of the Senate (No. 348) for the
better government of the Navy of the United
States, disagreed to by the Senate, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon,and had appointed Mr. Charles B. Sedg-
wick of New York, Mr. A, G. Porter of In-
diana, and Mr. George H. Browne of Rhode
Island, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments ofthe Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 280) to
establish and equalize the grades of line officers of
the United States Navy, insisted on by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Charles B. Sedgwick of
New York, Mr. John F. Potter of Wisconsin,
and Mr. James E. English of Connecticut, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had appointed Mr. Harbison
G. Blake, of Ohio, a manager at the conference
on the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
ofthe two Houses on the joint resolution (S.No.
89) in relation to the claim of Carmack & Ram-
sey, in place of Mr. Schuyler Colfax of Indi-
ana, who had been excused.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the joint resolution
ofthe Senate (No. 94) to change the name of the
schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean Eagle.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrplled bills and jcrtnt resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 119) confirming a land claim in
the State of Iowa, and for other purposes; (
A bill (S. No. 316) to provide for the payment
of fines and penalties collected by and paid to the
justices of the peace of the District of Columbia
under the acts of Congress of the 3d and 5th of Au-
gust, 1861, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 318) for relief in the land claim
in California known as the claim of Francisco
Soberanes to a tract of land known as Saujon de
Santa Rita;
A bill (S. No. 351) supplementary to the act
for the release of certain persons held to service
in the District of Columbia, approved April 16,
1862;
A bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of Panny Mac-
tier Smith;
A bill (S.No.380) repealing the law requiring
bonds of paymasters and assistant paymasters
to be approved by the judge or attorney of the
district m which such paymaster or assistant pay-
master shall reside;
A bill (S. No. 383) to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain ofiicersof the Army, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 76) relating to the
compensation of Senators elected or appointed to
fill vacancies;
Ajointresolution (S.No. 78) to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved 25th of March, 1862,
entitled "An act to secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the Western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 80) authorizing the
State of Minnesota to change the line of certain
branch railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution (S. No. 93) in relation to
contracts with the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 392) to establish certain
post roads;
An act (H. R. No. 399) for the quieting of cer-
tain land titles in the late disputed territory in the
State of Maine, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of the
register of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 554) relating to trust funds
of several Indian trfbes invested by the Govern-
ment in certain State bonds abstracted from the
custody of the late Secretary of the Interior; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 98) authorizing
the Secretary of War to furnish extra clothing to
to sick, wounded, and other soldiers.
CONTRACTS FOR ORDNANCE.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone aN prior
orders, and take up the resolution 1 offered yes-
terday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the special and
all prior orders, with a view to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution indicated by him.
Several Senators. What is the resolution?
Mr. POWELL. A resolution calling for the
report of the commissioners to investigate con-
tracts for ordnance and ordnance stores.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not postpone the bill which is the spe-
cial order. It is very importantto get it through
eatly.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. Rather than
have any trouble about it, ifthe Senator will with-
