1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21.
good faith, because I believed that the wholesale
dealer in liquors could well afford to pay the li-
cense which I propose. Why, sir, he can afford
to pay the license which the committee have pro-
posed out of the sale of a single hogshead of rum
or liquor of that kind, or, at least, out of the sales
he may make in a single day, and every day in
the year. Fifty dollars is a paltry sum for a li-
cense to deal wholesale in liquors. It is a large
business, so far as I am acquainted with it, and
brings large profits to everybody engaged in it.
We havejust passed a provision requiring all
bankers to pay $100 for a license, whether they
deal in money to a large or small amount, and the
profits of that class of business, whatever they
may he in some parts of the country, so far as I
am acquainted with it, are not equal to the steady
profits of this class of business.
Mr. HARRISON. I would ask the gentleman
this question, whether by the tax of fifteen cents
per gallon on all spirituous liquors the profits of
both wholesale and retail dealers in these articles
will not be vastly diminished?
Mr. EDWARDS. Well, sir, I do not think
that that tax will affect much—it may to some ex-
tent—the profits of the dealers. I think that tax
is to be paid by the consumers. As was said by
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Moriull] at
the outset, there is no prevention of the use of
this indulgence throughout the country. Laws
have been unable to do it. High prices will be
unable to do it. Why, sir, I recollect a man who
Was addicted to the use of ardent spirits as a bev-
erage, and, when long since it had risen to a very
high price—I think four dollars a gallon—he said
that he would drink rum until it cost four dollars
a drop, and then he would stop using it; and sir,
the tax of fifteen cents per gallon, when carried
down to the retailer will hardly be felt in his
profits; the retailer will first pay it to the whole-
sale dealer and then put it upon his customers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. I desire to call the at-
tention of the committee to the other sections of
the bill. We have placed the license upon all
wholesale dealers at fifty dollars, and we thought
it right and proper not to place the wholesale
dealers in liquors above other wholesale dealers
by requiring double the amount for their licenses.
Bankers generally consider themselves as in a
higher class of business, and we thought they
could afford, upon that consideration, to pay
double duty; but we saw nn propriety in exact-
ing a double duty from liquor dealers. We wish
to put wholesale dealers m liquor upon the same
footing as we put all other wholesale dealers.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he thinks bank-
ers are generally as high as dealers in spirits?
Mr. HOOPER. I spoke of their own estima-
tion, and not of mine.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask for tellers on my
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes 46, noes 51.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to strike out" fifty
dollars" and insert "§200."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to strike out "fifty
dollars," and insert " $100."
Mr. STEVENS. Is not that the amendment
which was first proposed by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Air. Edwards.']
The CHAIRMAN. It is; but it was never
voted on by the committee. It was amended by
substituting " §300,000" for " §100."
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the paiagraph will
be allowed to stand as it is. It will be recollected
that this tax or license is for the man who sells
the smallest quantity of liquor. The man who
sells a large amount pays for it by the tax of fif-
teen cents per gallon. 1 trust the license will stand
as it now is.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. McKxight's
amendment; and Messrs. Fessexden and Cris-
field were appointed.
The committee divided,and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to offer an amendment to the
second paragraph of the section which we have
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the gentleman will
allow it to be read for information.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will hear it
read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Auctioneers shall be divided into five classes, and pay
the following licenses: the licensc to the first class shall
confer the privilege of sales to any amount, and pay §300.
The second class sales to the extent of §200,000, and pay
a licence of §200. The third class sales to the extent ot
$100,000, and pay a license of $ 100. The fourth class sales
to the extent of $50,000, and pay fifty dollars. The fifth
class sales for any sum under §50,000, and pay a license of
twenty dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to going
back to that paragraph of the section.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman if he would require an auctioneer in the
country, whose sales amount only to a few thou-
sand dollars a year, to pay the same for a license
as a man whose sales amount to hundreds of
thousands ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment is objected to.
Mr. HOOPER. I'move to amend the fourth
paragraph of the section, by inserting after the
words " eveiy person," in the thirty-sixth line,
the words " other than a distiller." It will then
read:
4. Retail dealers in liquois, including distilled spniN, fer-
mented liquor-?, and wines of eveiv desenption, pay
twenty dollars for each license. Eveiy pei*on other than
a (h>!tiller who shall sell oroftei for bale such liquois in te s
quantities than three callous at one time to the same pur-
cha^ei shall he regarded a- a letail dealer in liquois undei
tins act. But this shall not uuthouze any spirits, liquors,
wiucb, oi malt liquois, to be (hunk on the ptemises.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after "distiller" the
words " or keeper of a hotel, inn, or tavern."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to add to his amend-
ment the words," and persons authorized by State
laws to sell spirits for medical and mechanical
purposes." In some States the traffic in spirits
to be used as a beverage is utterly prohibited,
while its sale for medical and mechanical purposes
is permitted.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The per-
sons who sell it for these purposes make large
profits outof the business. Why then should they
not pay license?
Mr. EDWARDS. In the State of New Hamp-
shire these persons have no direct interest in the
profits.
Mr. WADSWORTf-I. I want to know why,
if it is sold for medicinal purposes, any one can-
not get it to drink? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER. I should prefer to have my
amendment adopted, without that addition. In
regard to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] I would
say that, if he will look at the foity-first line, he
will see that his amendment, even if adopted, will
not meet the object designed by it, because it is
specially provided there that this license to retail
dealers shall not authorize any spirits, liquors,
wines, or malt liquors, to be drank on the premises.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not see that that meets
my object.
Mr. Campbell's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.' KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend the amendment, by striking out the word
" distiller."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
a vote against the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will be equivalent to
what he proposes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. The effect of it would be to give the
distiller the privilege to retail liquor in any quan-
tity, if not drank on the premises. He can sell
a pint bottle of whisky, or any quantity called
for. I think the distiller should not be allowed
to transact retail business.
The question being on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment—
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr.' WRIGHT, I move to amend by striking
out the last sentence in the paragraph, as follows:
But this shall not authorize any spirits, liquors, wines,
or malt liquors to be drunk oil the premises.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the sentence proposed to be stricken out by add-
ing the words " except when so authorized by the
laws of the proper State."
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not think that that meets
the objection. Under the laws of all the Slates,
taverns, restaurants, and other establishments of
that kind are licensed. As a matter of course the
liquors sold by them are to be drank on the prem-
ises. This provision, I venture to say, will inter-
fere with the license laws of every State in the
Union. According to the terms of this bill,every-
body licensed to sell less than three gallons is a
retailer; but if you give a license to sell, and pre-
vent the liquor being drank on the premises, it
amounts to no license at all. I think, however,
that if the sentence be stricken out, as proposed
by my amendment, this bill will not come in con-
flict with any of the State laws in regard to
1 icen scs
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania totally misapprehends
the meaning of the words which he proposes to
strike out. Either he or the Committee of Ways
and Means misunderstands it. The sentence was
introduced for the sole and exclusive purpose of
not interfering with any State laws. It was to
guard against any party claiming, under color of
a United States law, a right to retail liquor to be
drank on the premises, that this proposition was
introduced. So that if any person obtaining a
United States license to retail liquors is required
by a State law also to get a license, he will be com-
pelled to get a State license before he can carry on
the business.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. It will be observed
that there is a pi ovision in the bill that where any
business is prohibited by the law of a State it is
not to be deemed licensed by this bill. That of
itself would be enough, so far as prohibitory ac-
tion is concerned. The clause now under consid-
eration seems to be without meaning, unless you
give an interpretation to it by the adoption of such
an amendment as I have offered. My object is
only to render clear the meaning that is claimed
for it by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SARGENT. I propose an amendment to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from In-
diana, by substituting for the words which he
proposes to insert, the words " in any State where
the same is now prohibited by law," so that it
will read:
But ttiis shall not authorize any spirits, liquors, wines, or
malt liquors to be drunk on the piemises, in any State where
the same is now prohibited by law.
The remarks of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] show that the intention of the
Committee of Ways and Means was to give to
this clause the meaning which my amendment
gives to it. If it does not mean that 1 do not know
what it does mean.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is right.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman to insert after the word " liquors"
the words " or persons;" so that it will read:
But this shall not authorize any spiiits, liquor, wines,
malt liquois, or persons to be drunk on the premises.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order. There is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. SARGENT. I modify my amendment so
as to make it read:
But this shall not authorize any person to sell anyspiiits,
liquor", wines, or malt liquors, to be drunk on the piemises,
in any State wheie the same is now prohibited by law.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White.]
I do not think his amendment will reach all the
cases that ought to be provided for. I suggest to
him to move, to strike out in the forty-fust line
" drunk on the premises," and insert m lieu of it
" sold contrary to the laws of any of the several
States;" so that it will read:
But this shall 1101 authoiize any spirits, liquors, wines,
or malt liquois to be sold conttai} to tliulaw^ otany oS the
sevetai States.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, [f the text had em-
braced a subject so extensive as that, I would have
proposed my amendment in those terms; but it ap-
plies only to the authority to drink on the prem-.
