2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
cepiion. It seems to me that this bill is not only
objectionable in some of its details, but that it is
based upon a principle of doubtful verity.
1 should like to inquire of the gentleman from
Indiana on my left, what right this Government
has to compel one of its citizens to enter into a
contract for the performance of any service, ex-
cept that which is due from every citizcn to his
Government. I inquire further what right the
Government lias to enforce from one of its citi-
zens services, or take from them their private prop-
erty at a rate of compensation prescribed by the
Government itself. What right has a Government
like ours to say to its citizens," you must sur-
render your property at a price you shall have no
part in naming, or if you will not do that, the Gov-
ernment will take it without price and without
consent?"
It is very much like the Rob Roy doctrine which
did not obtain much favor, as elucidated by Pierre
Soule and John Y. Mason and others, some years
ago, and ought not to find more favor now. But
this bill does more than all this. It proposes to
coerce certain citizens of the United States to per-
form service for the Government, which service
the Government itself monopolizes and forbids
to its citizens under heavy penalties—I mean the
carrying of letters and mails. Is not this an ag-
gravated breach of well-settled rules of right and
justice? You call it a contract. It is no contract;
it n enforced service, and property seized for pub-
lic use. Who is impressed ? Whose property is
taken? My colleague from the Chemung district
£Mr. Diven] based a remark apparently upon the
idea that the bill touched nobody but corporations.
1 do not so understand it ata.ll; though ifsueh were
the fact it would, in my view, be no recommenda-
tion to the bill. The languag^of the bill is:
Tlint all companies, corporations, or person?, [laving
and employing locomotives or curs lor the trauspoi tation Ot
merchandise or passengers for hire, upon or along any post
road or postal route in the United Slates, shall be, and are
hereby, required, upon demand by the Post Ofliee Depait-
ment, to receive and transport the mails of the United
States.
" All persons employing locomotives or cars."
Why cars any more than steamboats or stages?
Why subjcct to seizure this class of vehicles more
than any other? Suppose it weie the case of cor-
porations only. Of what are corporations com-
posed ? Who owns the stock of the corporations
upon which this special visitation of Federal power
is to desccnd ? It would not be far from the truth
probably to affirm that widows and minor children
own as large an interest in corporations as in al-
most any other species of investment. Nothing
ought to be taken from, the idea that corporations
only are to suffer.
But there are other particulars which, I think,
it would lie well to regard. I find these words in
one section:
Provided, That such failuie to aijiec, ordelav in final cle
termination, shall not prevent the use thereof for such trans-
portation of the mails; hut the -ame nuiy ho taken and used
therefor, under direction of the Postmaster Genetal, for
which compensation shall be made as heieinbefoio pro-
vided.
I have looked with some care to see what those
words "hereinbefore provided" refer to, and I
cannot ascertain exactly to how much of the pre-
ceding provisions they have reference. They re-
fer either to the power of the Postmaster General
to fix the rate, or to that power with the added
supervision of the Court of Claims. Is that just?
Is it right to confer power upon the Postmaster
General to enter upon the property and posses-
sions of corporations, firms, and individuals, who
happen to be engaged in any carrying trade, and
impose upon them the carrying of the mails, even
though they may have no facilities and no willing-
ness for rendering the service? Then the Gov-
ernment is to fix its own price, subject, it may be,
to the revision of the Court of Claims. The in-
tention is that until an agreement is consented to,
or a proceeding had, and a judgment rendered by
a remote tribunal, the Postmaster General shall
have tree course to do as lie pleases with the prop-
erty of the party. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that there is something still worse
in his bill. I refer to these words:
And any person or corporation, by agent or otherwise, in
any manner obstructing such use shall, m addition to the
penalties now provided by law, if a person, be held euiltv
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, *hail foi
each oflense, be punished by fine not exceeding«>5 00U or
by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by"both such
fine and imprisonment at the discretion of the couit* and
if a corporation, shall be fined for each offense in a sum not
exceeding $5,000, or shall forfeit to the United States theuse
of such conveyance or conveyances for a time not exceeding
one year,
"Why, Mr. Speaker, think one moment of that
provision. My colleague [Mr. Diven] said that
a corporation cannot commit a misdemeanor. I
cannot agree with him in that. It has been de-
cided otherwise in Massachusetts in a recent
case, and elsewhere in numerous eases, although
I am not aware that there is a reported case in
our own State carrying the doctrine to the length
of holding a corporation liable to be convicted for
assault and battery. Suppose corporations can
or cannot commit misdemeanors: shall i*t be said
because a single agent of a corporation places some
technical obstruction in the way of the shadowy
omnipotence proposed to be vested in the Post-
master Genetal, that all of the possessions of the
corporation are to be sequestrated and forfeited to
the United States for the term of one year ? 1 sub-
mit to gentlemen that it is monstrous beyond any-
thing to be found in enlightened jurisprudence.
This, sir, is not in any sense a war measure.
We passed a bill enabling the President, for all
purposes of chastising insurgents, to take posses-
sion of all the railroads in the country. This,
therefore, is peace legislation. It is permanent
legislation, to be regarded as it would be in ordi-
nary times; and it strikes me that it is a vast stretch
of legislative power, a vast stretch of the power
which the Constitution gives, to say to any class
of citizens, whoever they may be, that they shall
perform services for the Government; that they
shall perform them at a price to be fixed by the
Government, subject to the revision of the Court
of Claims without trial by a jury, and that cor-
porations shall be subject to extraordinary pains
and penalties, even though they commit no fault
themselves through boards of directors or other-
wise, but simply through any agent, however
subordinate he may be.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, after listening
to the speeches of the two gentlemen from New
York, who are distinguished lawyers, it may be
regarded as presumption on my part to attempt
to answer their arguments on the constitutional
question which has been raised, not being a law-
yer myself. Therefore, before proceeding further,
I will say that the details of this proposition which
they assail as unconstitutional were not prepared
by me, but by the able gentleman at the head of
the Post Office Department. It is also approved
by ex-Postmaster General Holt, whose ability
as a lawyer is universally conceded, and whose
knowledge of the Constitution is far superior to
any I possess, and quite equal to any possessed
by any gentleman upon this floor. So much to
relieve the bill from the charge of unconstitution-
ality made against it by the two gentlemen from
New York.
An ex-Postmaster General of the United States,
now upon this floor, [Mr. Wickliffi.,] stated
yesterday that lie doubted whether the bill went
far enough. I had supposed that it does. I ac-
knowledged yesterday that it was a stringent bill,
and told the House to scan it carefully, and not
to take it merely upon the recommendation of the
Post Office Committee alone, because it was an
important bill, which could be justified only by
the necessities of the case.
I am not surprised that the gentleman from the
Chemung district of New York [Mr. Diven] and
the gentleman from the Oneida district [Mr. Ros-
coe Conkling] are opposed to the passage of tins
measure, for one of them is upon the line of the
New York Central railroad, and the other is upon
the line of the New York and Erie railroad, which
have both refused to enter into any contracts with
the Government. The former, I believe, is a di-
rector of the New York and Erie; but I do not mean
to intimate that he is not impaitial in his delibera-
tion and actions asa member of Congress, but in-
stinctively opposes a bill of this character, which
i bears, as he thinks, severely on railroad corpo-
j rations.
ij Mr. DIVEN. Does the gentleman know the
ij provision in the contracts objected to by therail-
ji roads?
ji Mr. COLFAX. I know that with some it was
'! one tiling and with others it was another.
Mr. D1 V£N. Itwas the provision which obliged
them to pass free over their roads anybody the
Department indicated.
Mr. COLFAX. That, and the reference is to
special agents of the Department, was one of the
objections. The principal one, however, was that
the railroad companies wanted more money. The
carriage of the great western mail was divided be-
tween the two roads, and they" objected to receiv-
ing p00 per mile each, when $375 was paid for
carrying the whole mail from here to New York.
'Their objection was based upon that ground
mainly, as I have understood.
And now, a word on the constitutional argu-
ment. The Constitution declares that Congress
shall have power—and it is an exclusive power,
as much as the power to raise armies or coin
money—to establish post offices and post roads.
Why was that provision made in the Constitu-
tion? Because the framers of that instrument
thought justly that the dissemination of the post
ofliee system throughout the country was the most
beneficent use of the Government. It was there
the people could feel the blessings of the Govern-
ment. Every where else they feel the burdens and
evils of Government. They feel them in the tax
gatherer; they feel them in the distom-house;
they feel them in the laws which compel every
man, if needs be, to leave family and home, and to
take up arms for the defense of the country; they
feel them in the obligation to leave their business
and to act upon juries or to testify as witnesses.
In the post office system the people experience the
blessings of the Government. Under it the mails
are carried to every portion of the country, even
to the remotest frontieis, carryingjoy and inform-
ation to the lonely dwellers of the forest. It is
the very life and strength of the commercial inter-
ests of the Union. That that blessing of Govern-
ment may be great as possible, Congress has de-
clared every railroad to be a post road, and thereby
compelled the Department to send mails upon
them; and the committee believe that this bill is
necessary to make a perfect and efficient system
of postal facilities throughout the entire country.
The gentleman from New York complains of
the taking of private property for the public use.
These railroads, by the common law—and I speak
of the rules of tin; common law only as I have
heard it from others—these railroads, by the com-
mon law, are common carriers. It is under that
provision and that usage that railroads are com-
mon carriers. They are like an inn-keeper, who
is compelled to receive guests by the profession
they have adopted. They arc compelled to re-
ceive passengers and freight. The Constitution
of the United States has given Congress exclusive
power to establish post offices and post roads.
They have exercised that power, as 1 have said,
in making every railroad a post road. The De-
partment is thus compelled to furnish postal facil-
ities on new railroads, where the outlay far exceeds
the receipts. The railroads can and do claim this,
and so do the people. On the other hand, as this
should be reciprocal, the roads should be required
to carry these mails at fair and equitable rates.
The mam question is, " how shall you determine
what are fair rates ?" Many roads say they will
not contiact, and some of them will not carry the
mails unless they have their own price. Post-
master General Holt, speaking about this, alludes
to the matter in this way:
"Another grievance resulting fiom the railroad system
cousin in the disinclination ot many of these companies
to assume upon themselves the obligations imposed on all
othei contractors in llie service ot the Department. Of the
thiee hundred and ''ighteen railroad routes in the United
i States, there ate one" hundred and tluity-seven on which
, the mails are tian^ported without contiact. These loutes
are the most important tiom their length and the vveigTitof
the mail-? tiansinitted upon Ihein. and yet the meorpoiated
companies eontiollimj them peremptorily refuse to enter
into those encasements with the Department which the law
and the lushest inten ^t*« of the postal service demand "
* * K * •' The consequence has been that they
have carried the mails when and as they pleased, depai ting
and arriving .it such houis, and moving at such «.peed, as
was agieeable to them, ft is tine, ihat a few of the com-
panies have manifested a liberal spiiit in co'jpeiatimj with
the Uepaitmcut m the an augment ot the schedule-,, hut
they have done this lather asa courtesy than as an acknowl-
edgment of any obligation on their pait to do so."
The railroad companies have compelled the
Postmaster Geneial virtually to get upon his knees
to them, and to accept their services upon such
terms as they see fir to impose, and they carry
the mails as they please.
Mr. Holt further says:
,sff they can successfully maintain the position they now
occupy, then they control at will the movements of the
