1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3m
The history of these carbines is worth reading.
They have been purchased and sold by the Gov-
ernment, backwards and forwards, some three or
four times, always selling them at a low figure
and buying them at a high one. I amnotcertain
now whether the Government owns them, or
whether they are in a contract for another pur-
chase.
" It Is not unnecessary [declare the committee] to pay that
these are not understood to be ' Army supplies,' as the term
is used, except the seven hundred and ninety Hall's car-
bines, which is the same arm sold by the War Department
in the folio win; June lor >'3 50 each."
It seems that these Hall's carbines, which Mr.
Cummtngs purchased in April at fifteen dollars
each, were afterwards sold by the War Depart-
ment for $3 50 each. I introduced a resolution in
July, having heard something by rumor of these
transactions, inquiring from the War Department
what the explanation was, and it has never been
answered to this day. That was specific enough;
I am sure my friend from Massachusetts will say
that resolution ought to have been answered, ac-
cording to his own doctrine. I have not called
the attention of the Senate to it before, though I
did intend to call its attention to the subject, to
know whether the War Department was to decline
to answer resolutions which were sent to it. If
so, I think we may as well abandon passing them.
The question is not now whether the resolution
offered by the Senator from Kentucky was a proper
resolution to have passed the Senate. We did
pass it; we are committed upon that subject; and
it would have been certainly proper, and no more
than courteous on the part of the War Depart-
ment, to have returned some answer to that rcs-
olulion.
There is a great deal more in this book show-
ing how contracts have been made by the War
Department; but I promised to take only a few
minutes at this time, as there is other business
before the Senate. 1 hope that the resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky will be adopted, and
let the War Department then give such an answer
as it may deem proper.
ATi . WILSON. 1 wish simply to say, sir, that
the resolution adopted on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, it seems to me, should have
been answered; and if he desires, or any other
Senator'desires, to call for special information,
my vote is ready. But the Senator objects to the
reason given why general calls, covering such
vast masses of information as must be covered if
all the bargains and contracts of the War Office
with the immense number of contractors are to be
brought befoie the Senate are not answered. The
reason is, that they have not the physical force to
do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts did not exactly comprehend what
I said. I intended to say, and believe I did say,
that if such was the case I thought it would be no
more than respectful for the War Department to
inform ihe Senate,and then we could eitheraban-
don our resolution or persist m it. I think some
answer should have been returned.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator that
the Secietary should have answered. I think the
Secretary of War, instead of saying nothing,
should have said, and have said frankly, to the
Senate, " that resolution cannot be complied with,
with the force m my office, and if you want it
complied with, you must give me clerical force to
do it."
The Senator from Kentucky the other day of-
fered a resolution that not a man here can oppose,
and everybody would like to have the informa-
tion, no one m the War Departmentcould oppose,
it, and yet the Adjutant General said to me it
would take fourteen clerks for weeks to answer it.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to make a suggestion,
and that is this: if the Secretary of War had his
office and his business in the condition it ought to
be, that resolution could have been answered at
any time in half a day.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think the office is in
that condition.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the country ought to know
U-Mr. WILSON. I say they have not had the
clerical force to put it in that condition, with the
vast amount of labor that has been imposed on
them. Their old force was not much, if any, too
large. The amount of business has increased im-
mensely. I have no doubt that it is at least one
hundred times more than it has been in times past,
and this clerical force is called upon to do perhaps
one hundred times as much business as it had to
do before this war happened. The Secretary said
to me the other day in regard to a number of res-
olutions, some of which I introduced myself, that
they had not the force to answer many of them;
some of them they could answer very easily;
others they could not, because of the extent and
amount of the information required; " but," said
he, " there is not a thing in this office that I am
not ready to answer when you call for it specific-
ally, so that I can reach it; X am ready to go be-
fore any of your congressional committees on any
of these points, and not only ready, but I should
like to do it."
Now, sir, I am not a defender of any of the im-
proper acts of the Secretary of War, if he has
committed any. What I object to is sending gen-
eral resolutions covering such an amount of busi-
ness that they cannot be answered. That is my
objection, and my sole objection, and I do not de-
sire to be put in a false position; for 1 say, and I
am willing to say, that such a transaction as has
been presented to us this morning, unless it can be
explained, unless it can be shown to be something
different from what it appears to be on the face of
the documents, ought not to receive the sanction
of any member of the Senate, and does not
mine. I am willing, however, to vote for this
resolution, and give the Secretary of War the oc-
casion to reply that he cannot answer unless you
give him more clerical force.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from Del-
aware allow me to make a statement of factabout
these arms? I have it now; I alluded to it before.
Hall's carbines were originally sold by the Gov-
ernment at about two dollars apiece. Seven
hundred and ninety were purchased back by Mr.
Cummings in April or May at fifteen dollars
apiece, in June the Government sold them again
at §3 50 apiece. Afterwaids, in August, they
weie puichased by an agent of the Government
at $12 50 apiece, and turned over to the Govem-
| ment at twenty-two dollars apiece; and the com-
mittee of the House are trying to prevent this last
payment to the agent who purchased them for the
Government at $12 50. That is one transaction.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not propose at all to enter
into any question connected with what is to be the
effect of an answer to this resolution, or how it is
to be given. 1 but seldom attend to details con-
nected with charges affecting public officers. I
know that very often they may be made merely
from individual malice,and yctsometimesbe made
truly. But as regards this resolution, I confess it
surprises me that its passage should be resisted.
Since 1 have been a member of this body, few,
probably not more than three resolutions of in-
quiry at most, have ever been introduced by me;
but 1 have never voted against one. I hold that
it is the right of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives to require of the heads of Departments
such information as the body believes proper; and
it has usually been the course that such resolu-
tions of inquiry are almost invariably passed
certainly they always get my vote.
It may be that this resolution, or any other
which we pass, may be too multifarious; it may
be too indefinite. If a resolution of that kind is
passed by the Senate and goes to the Secretary,
what is the'proper course of action> We are en-
titled to Ins answer. The answer may be, if you
please, by not responding to the resolution; that
is to say, he may answer either by giving us the
information required in the resolution, or by stat-
ing satisfactory reasons why the information can-
i not be given; but we aie entitled to bis answer ill
i some form. The moment you abandon the prin-
i ciple that either House of Congress has a right to
supervise the Departments, and to requiie Jiom
them such information as the body believes proper
for the due performance of its functions, you aban-
don your contiol over this Government.
The original resolution in this case was passed
m July, it was incumbent on the War Depart-
ment to give you an answer. It was not a ques-
tion of courtesy m my mind at all; it was a mat-
ter of duty. If the War Department found that
that resolution was so multifarious as to the ob-
jects of inquiry, or so indefinite, that it could not
be entirely answered, or that it could be answered
in part as to the facts required and' not as to the
rest, surely a communication could have been seat
to you by the Secretary. Ifhe had stated the facts
detailed by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that would have been a satisfactory an-
swer. If the Secretary of War or any other Sec-
retary, in response to your resolution, tells you
that to give you the details inquired for in the res-
olution would occupy the whole force of hia De-
partment to such an extent as to prevent his per-
forming the proper functions of the Department
necessary to the public service, that in my judg-
ment would be a sufficient answer,and you woula
have to put your resolution in a different shape
in which the object could be reached, or if you
thought the information requisite and proper, you
must authorize him to increase temporarily the
force in his Department is-order to comply with
your resolution. But at all events, you are on-
titled to his answer, and his answer may be that
he is unable to comply with it—I do not say from
that cause alone, for there may be other causes.
If he gives satisfactory reasons to the Senate for
not giving the information, vevy well; but yeu are
entitled either to receive the information, or to re-
ceive a satisfactory reason why it is not given;
and there'is, I think, the whole difficulty in this
case. The resolution should have been answered.
If the facts be as stated by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, it would be very easy, with
the knowledge he has of the situation of his De-
partment, for the Secretary of War to state the
reasons why it was not in the power of the De-
partment to give the answer required by the Sen-
ate, and then to have gone on and giyen such parts
of the information called for as it did not require
extraordinary labor to furnish, so as to make the
whole satisfactory to the Senate. He has ne-
glected to answer—1 will not say refused, becausc
that does not appear—but he has neglected to
answer, and it seems to me that the least the Sen-
ate can do is to reiterate the direction. It is a di-
rection; it is not a mere request founded upon
courtesy. I hold it to be the right of this body to
direct the heads of Departments to give informa-
tion of this kind, and therefore it is that I say we
are entitled to an answer from the Department;
and when that answer comes, it will be for the
Senate to decide whether it is satisfactory to them
with regard to the questions they have inquired
about, and either remodel the resolution, if they
desire such information as is not given, orto sup-
ply the requisite amount of labor necessary to get
it if they think the public service will be benefited,
or when an explanation comes, to receive it as
satisfactory and let it pass.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Ihavebeenabsentdunng
the greater part of this discussion, but I have
heard enough of it to be aware that the passage
cf the resolution is opposed to some extent, though
I do not know that it is exactly opposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, on the ground that
the information called for is so exceedingly vo-
luminous that it would take more force than there
is in his Department to procure it in answer to the
resolution. All I have to say in regard to that is
that that is no excuse, in my judgment, for not
giving us some answer. It may be true; I think
from the nature of the resolution it was true; tfut
1 see no impropriety, on the contrary I deem it
important that we should insist upon the privilege
of the Senate to obtain information; and that if the
! Secretary cannot answer our resolution, and has
| not been able to do so in the time allowed, and the
1 information is very voluminous, that it would be
! very inconvenient, we are entitled to know his
I reasons, and to hear whether they are sufficient
| or not. I am in favor in all cases of haying a
| proper attention paid to calls for information on
the part of the .Senate; I shall theiefore vote for
the resolution, and await the Secretary's answer.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
| resulted—yeas 34, nays 3; as follows:
| YEAR—Mes-is llayanl, Bright, Cli.mdlei, Clark, Col-
i lamer, DaVi.-, Di.xon,' Doohttb'. Fcs«endcn, Foot, Fos-
tei,Gi lines, Harlan, Howe, JoIuimhi, Kennedy, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane ol Kansas, Latham, Motril!, Nesmitlt,
Pearee, Pomerov, Powell, 11 ice, Saul sbury, &heiman, Sum-
ner, Ten Ej ok, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson
—34.
NAYS —Met-f-rs. Browning, Cowan, and Harris—3.
So the resolution was adopted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of bill No. 137, which
