1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. POWELL.s I present resolutions of the
Legislature of Kentucky, relative to the proposed
tax oil tobacco, and ask that they be read.
The Secretaiy read them, as follows:
Resolutions in relation to the proposed tax on tobacco.
Whereas the congressional Committee of Ways and
Means have icpoited a hill to iaise internal revenue for the
siippoit ot Government and the payment of intciest on the
public debt, in winch leaf tobacco is taxed thiee cents per
pound, and all its manufacturer five cent-;, which bill is to
go into opeiation on the It-t ot May; and whereas it is com-
puted that at least seventy millions of pounds of tobacco
aie held in the State, which would be subject to taxation to
the amount of $2,101),000, lulling with great seventy upon
portions of oui State which aie sufteiin" from the present
war, and diseiimmating most pi cjudieially against the agri-
cultuial interests of the State: Therefore,
1 Resolved by the General Jlsscmblyofthe Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That the tax as proposed by the bill now pend-
ing in Congress is greatly disptopoitionate to the tax on
other piopeity, and ought to be induced.
2. Resolved, That owing to the great difference in the
value of different qualities and giades of tobacco, the tax
on it ought to be ad valorem, and not specific.
3. Resolved, That our Senator in Confess bo instructed
and oui Representatives lequested to act upon the matter
in accordance, with views picsented in these lesolutions.
*1. Revolted, That the jesoUition heretofore pa-sed by
thw fjegi-laturo on this subject, appioved March 15, is le-
scinded and repealed.
5. Resolved, That the Governor be requested to send
copies of those resolutions to each of oui Senators and
Representatives in Congiess.
RICHARD A. BUCIvNER,
Speaker oj the House oj Rejnesentatives.
JOHN P. FISK,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved March 17,1862.
B. MAGOFFIN.
By the Governor:
Nat. Gaitiier, Jr., Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolutions be
printed,and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of an ap-
propriation to extend the line of the public sur-
veys over the unsurveyed portion of the State,
and the extinguishment of Indian titles to certain
lands in that State; winch were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of the same State, in favor of the passage of an
act to secure the early completion of a railroad
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, the
ratification of the treaty lately concluded between
the United States and the Pottawatomie Indian
nation; also a grant to that State of five millions
of acres of land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
lie also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of the same State in favor of the passage of an act
granting to that State public lands in lieu of the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections embraced in
all of the Indian country lying within that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of the same State in favor of the passage of a law
to legalize the preemption of certain lands m that
State'; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a petition of merchants,
traders, and citizens of the city of New Yoik,
praying for the passage of a general uniform bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition from citizens
of Michigan, praying for the construction of a
military load fiom Little Bay deNoquet,oi some
othui point on Gheen bay, on Lake Michigan, to
Marquette, on Lake Supei lor, and from tlw-nce to
Portage lake on the copper range; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Lydia S. Hall; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I present a petition
of citizens of Lmn county, Kansas, which I ask
to have i pad.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"Piociann libcity throughout the land to ail the inhabit-
ants. tilGieof.
(l To the of the United States :
vkTho nndei-signed, citizens of Linn county, State of
Kansas, res-pecitully submit:
"That as the present formidable rebellion against the
General Government manifestly fmds its root and nourish-
ment in tho system of chattel slaveiy in the South ; as the
leading eon^pnators aie slaveholder, who constitute an
oligarchy avowedly hostile to all free institutions; and as, in
the nature <>f things, no solid peace can be mam tamed while
the cause of this treasonable levolt is peumtted to exist;
your honorable body is urgently imploied to lose no time in
enacting, under the war power, the total abolition of sla-
very throughout the counti >—Uncrating unconditionally ihe
slaves of all who are iobels,and. while not recognizing the
right of piopeity in man, allowing for the emancipated
slaves of such as aie loyal to the Government a fair pecu-
maiy awaui, in oidcr to laetbtate an amicablc adjustment
of difficulties; and thus to bring the war to a speedy and
beneficent tcimmation. and indissolubly to unite all sec-
tions and ail interests of the country upon the enduiing
basis of universal freedom."
Tho petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memoiial of
Thomas Sundeiland, part owner of the rancho
Carmel, granted to William Knight by the Gov-
ernor of California, praying that he and other
claimants to that tract may be permitted by act of
Congress to file a new petition in the United States
district com t for the northern district of California
for a confirmation of the title; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILMOT. I present a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for a revision of the tax bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, with a view to a reduction of the
proposed tax on manufactures and other products
of industry. I move that the petition and accom-
panying1 report be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me there is a ques-
tion involved in the printing of this paper that may
lead to the expenditure of a great deal of the con-
tingent fund, and I think it is not in accordance
with the rules of the Senate. I have no objection
to the printing of this pauicular paper; but there
is not an interest or a trade in the country that is
not going to petition us on tho subject, and if we
set the example of printing one petition we shall
have to follow it up bv punting all the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
printing will be refeired to the Committee of Print-
ing under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. WILMOT. May not that be dispensed
with ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unanimous
consent of the Senate it may.
Mr. WILMOT. 1 ask th e unanimous consent
of the Senate. If the Senator from Iowa objects,
of course it must be referred.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object. I only want
to have some rule established for our guidance
hereafter. If we print one, we shall have to print
all.
Mr. WILMOT. This emanates from a very
respectable souiee, and is a very elaborate and
carefully piopared paper.
The VICE PRESLDENT. Does the Senator
fiorn Iowa withdraw his objection?
Mr. GRIMES. I shall only insist, if we are
to print this petition, that all similar petit' ons upon
the same subject shnll also be printed. With that
understanding, 1 withdraw the objection.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. That will be sub-
ject fo the single objection of any Senator under
the rule. The Choir hears no objection.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the
petition was referred to the Committee on Fmancc.
REPORTS i'T.OM COMMITTEES,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Allatrs and the Mihua, to
whom was referred the petition of John Walters,
a messenger at the headq'-iartei s of the At my,
praying lot* additional compensation, asked to be
discharged from its furtherconsideration, and that
it be leterred to the Committee on Finance; which
was agreed to.
Mi. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Punting, to whom was referred a motion to print
three thousand copies of the report of the Sec-
ictary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 13th instant, in relation to the
removal of the Naval Academy from Annapolis,
Maryland, to Newport, Rhode Island, reported
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That thcie be punted, in addition to the usual
numbei foi the use of the Penate. thice thousand copies of
the icpoit of tin* Scereiaiy of the Navy, in ausw'Ci to a ics-
olunon of the Senate in relation to the removal of the Na-
val Academy from Annapolis, Maiyiand, to New poi t, Rhode
inland.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the biU (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the
officers and men actually employed in the west-
ern department, or department of Missouri, their
pay, bounty, and pension.
Also, that the House had agreed to "the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 279) to
facilitate judicial proceedings in adjudications
upon captured property, and for the better-ad-
ministration of the law of prize.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President;
A bill (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the officers
and men actually employed in the western de-
partment, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension; and
A bill (H. R. 279) to facilitate judicial proceed-
ingsin adjudications upon captured property, and
for the better administration of the law of prize.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 245)
for the removal and consolidation of certain Indian
tribes; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Pie also presented a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, relating to the subject of the bill;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 246) to promote the efficiency
of the Army corps of engineers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
247) for the relief of Thomas Sunderland and
others; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ENROLLMENT OP BILLS.
Mr. HALE. On my motion on Friday, a res-
olution offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. SuiMner] relative to enrolling bills on
linen [taper instead of parchment, was leferred to
the Committee on Enrolled Bills. I move to re-
consider the vote by which it was so referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to take up House bill
No. 269 to establish a Department of Agriculture,
with a view to refer it back to the committee.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the bill was re-
committed to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to postpone all
piiur oiders for the puipose of taking up House
joint resolution No. 39, which has been before the
Committee on Military Affairs and been reported
on adversely. 1 merely want to have it taken up
in order to have that leport concurred m and the
resolution defeated.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 39) to declare the meaning of
" An act to authorize the President of the United
States in certain cases to take possession of rail-
roads and telegraph lines, and for other purposes,"
approved January 31, 1862, and to repeal a part
of said act, was considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the act of January
33,1862, shall not be so construed as to authorize
the construction of any railroads, or the comple-
tion of any road of an extended line, the greater
part of which remained uncompleted at the time
of the approval of the act, or to engage m any ex-
tended work of railroad construction; and repeals
so much of the act as authorizes the President of
the United States to extend and complete any rail-
road.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator from Illinois will state why he desires
