1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2201
mails, and virtually t!ie Department is administered by
thein, instead of its appointed head."
Having seen this evil growing and constantly
increasing, riot only disorganizing the postal ser-
vice, but depleting the Treasury by the amount
they demand, and there being: no competition in
speed, the Department has often been compelled
to acquiesce in these demands; and Postmaster
General after Postmaster General has appealed to
Congress to give them some power to furnish
these postal facilities without- bankrupting the
Department by so doing. As we have a Court of
Claims, impartial from its organization, removed
from all probability of caringanythingabout the
difficulties which occur between the railroad com-
panies and the Department, and anxious of course
to act impartially between the Government and
all claimants, we provide in this bill that if they
disagree, this Court of Claims shall be the arbiter
between them. But beyond that, if injustice is
done the roads by the Postmaster General or by
the Court of Claims, here are the Halls of Con-
gress open for redress. They have the right to
petition for a further allowance, if the head of the
Department or the Court of Claims refuse to give
them what the companies think they should have.
Mr. OLIN. 1 desire to inquire of the gentle-
man whether he intends to close debate upon this
bill to-day.
Mr. COLFAX. It is my intention to ask the
House to come to a vote upon this bill.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to make a few remarks.
Mr. COLFAX. If a majority of the House
desire to pass this, I desire that they shall do it;
but if they prefer to take the responsibility of re-
jecting it, I want them to reject it. Our duty as a
committee, an unpleasant one, has been performed;
and we have no feeling on the subject as to its
passage, except as our duty to the Department
and to the country governs our acta.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 would inquire ifthisbill
is not disposed of to-day, it docs notgive place to
the business of some other committee ?
The SPEAKER. No other committee will be
called until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman move to close
debate upon the bill?
Mr. COLFAX. I wish the House to vote upon
their own responsibility on this matter, after the
full explanation on both sides which I desired
them to have.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, from the President of the
United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Sec-
retary, was received.
Also, a message announcing that the President
had approved and signed a joint resolution rela-
tive to the time of holding the second session of
the Legislative Assembly in the Territory of
Nevada.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled " An act (H. R. No. 479) to
amend an act entitled 'An act making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1863,' " approved April 17, 1862; and "An act
(H. R. No. 183) to provide for the settlement of
the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk nt the cir-
cuit court and criminal court of the District of
Columbia;" when the Speaker signed the same.
TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS—AGAIN.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me a moment to show the import-
ance of the passage of this bill. By the statistics
which are before me, it will be seen at once that
unless some restriction is put upon the rates of
railroad transportation of the mails, the revenue,
not only of the Post Office Department, but almost
oftheentireGovernment, will be consumed by the
year 1870 for railroad transportation. The sum
paid for railroad transportation of mails in 1848 was
$584,192. In 1854 it was $1,758,(U0. Now, if
the same ratio of increase continues until 1870, the
cost will amount to thirty-two millions of dollars
and upwards.
Now, no one contends but what these roads
should have a fair compensation for their services,
but it is not right that they should absorb almost
the entire revenues of the Government.
Mr COLFAX. I wish to say that the power
conferred by this clause of the Constitution in re-
lation to the establishment of post offices and post
roads was once exercised by Congress for an im-
portant purpose. Its power was invoked to es-
tablish the Wheeling bridge as a post route. Con-
gress, just as the Supreme Court was about to
decide against the Wheeling bridge, made it a post
route, and the Supreme Court of the United States
recognized that power, and the question whether
it impeded the navigation of the Ohio river fell
and was never revived. That was no greater ex-
ercise of power than this.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Diyen]
spoke about the laws of New York, and while he
seemed to be fearful that we should pass some law
which should come in opposition to those la.ws,
my attention was directed to this clause of the
Constitution;
"Thi* Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall he made in pursuance thereof," * * *
"bhall be the supreme law of the land," * * *
" anything in the constitution or laws of any State to the
contmiy notwithstanding."
Mr. DIVEN. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman if he understands by that provision of
the Constitution that Congress can alter any law
of a State ?
Mr. COLFAX. No sir; but they can pass a
law which, in lis scope, force, and effect, shall
contravene the law of a State and supersede it.
In connection with that power of the Constitution
which gives Congress the exclusive power to es-
tablish post offices and pqst roads, it also gives it
power, at the conclusion of the article, " to pass
all laws necessary to carry out the foregoing
powers."
I come to the consideration of another point
discussed by the genlleman from NewYork, [Mr.
RoscoeConkling.] He is very learned inthelaw,
and 111 all the details of law, and he takes excep-
tion to this clause:
Hut the same may be taken and used therefor, under di-
ruction the* Postmaster Geneial, tor which compensation
shall made as hereinbefore ptovid 'd.
And ho cannot understand where that compu-
tation is to bo made. He can easily ascertain that
fact by referring to the clause immediately pre-
ceding. It says:
And in ease of the failure to agree thereupon, the same
shall he fixed and determined l y the Court of Claims at
Waxlunston, whose cortifieatc shall bind both parties, as a
contract.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
docs not answer my point. My point is that
the bill provides that if a eorpoiation or indi-
vidual chooses to take the rate fixed by the Post-
master General, all well; if he does not, the case
goes to the Court of Claims, and pending the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, the Government has
the right to enter and use, " for which compen-
sation shall he made as hereinbefore provided."
Now, I would like to know how the Court of
Claims reaches that?
Mr. COLFAX. It is just as plain as the Eng-
lish language can make it; but if the gentleman can
offer any amendment which will make it plainer
—which I do not believe—I will accept it. This
bill declares, in so many words, that the amount
shall be agreed upon by the Postmaster General
and the carrier; but in case of their failure to agree,
the same shall be fix< d by the Court of Claims,
whose certificate shall bind both parties as a con-
tract. The bill then goes on:
Provided, That s-ueh failure to agiee,or delay ill final <ie-
temunauoii, shall not prevent the use tliereol loi such trans-
portation of the mails; but the ^ame may be taken and u cd
therelor, under dneetion of the Postmaster Genei.il, tor
wliieh compensation shall lie made as heiembetoie pio-
vided.
The English language could not make the mat-
ter any plainer. If they cannot agree in writing,
the Court of Claims is to decide the matter.
The gentleman from the Chemung district, [Mr.
Divem,] and the gentleman fioni tlie Oneida dis-
trict, [Mr. IIoscoe Conkling,] disagree as to
whether corporations have souls or not, or as to
whether they can be punished for misdemeanors.
I will not pretend, when such able lawyers disa-
gree, to settle that question for them, and there-
fore the arguments of the two gentlemen answer
each other—the gentleman from theChemungdis-
trict saying that corporations have no souls, while
the gentleman from the Oneida district thinks they
have, and that it has been once decided they can
be punished for misdemeanors. I leave them to
settle that disagreement themselves.
Again, the gentleman objects to the penalty pro-
vided in the bill. Well, as I setid to the gentleman
from Rhode Island yesterday, if the House does
not like this penalty, let the gentleman move an
amendment upon which the House can vote; The
bill provides:
" And any person or corporation, by agent or otherwise, In
any maimer obstructing such use shnH, in addition to the
penalties now piovided by law, if a person, be held ffuiity
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall, for
each offense, he punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by both, stioh
fine and imprisonment at the discretion of the court; and
it'll eorpoiation, shall be fined for each offense in a sum not
exceeding $5,000, or shall forfeit to the United States tbe
use of such conveyance or conveyances, for a time not
exceeding one year.
Now, I do not suppose the Postmaster General
will take a single road under that act—certainly
not an unprofitable route; and the paying ones
will take good carcnotto allow him the privilege.
The provision is designed to show to the railroad
companies, their stockholders, and managers, that
they must comply with the law of the United
States, and that if any of their employes or agents
interfere with the operation of the law, they will
be fined or imprisoned. But if the corporation
assumes the responsibility in the endeavor to re-
lieve their agent, then they can be fined $5,000;
or the Postmaster General may, if he pleases, take
the road into his possession for one year. As I
said before, it is not likely that any Postmaster
General would take possession of any road; he
would not want it. Some penalty is needed; and
after conference with the Post Office Department,
the committee could not think of anything more
appropriate than this.
Now, 1 have stated the reasons that have im-
pelled the Department for the last twenty years,
almost, if not quite uninterruptedly, to appeal to
Congiess to check this growing evil, and give
them power to have contracts with railroad com-
panies for carrying the mails upon fair and equi-
table terms; and I have £iven the opinions of
three Postmasters General m favor of this power.
As I stated yesterday, there are four leading rail-
road companies, all of which refuse to enter into
contracts with the Government to carry the mails:
the New York Central, the New York and Erie,
the Pennsylvania Central, and the Baltimore and
Ohio; who, if they saw fit to combine—and it is
the order of the day now for railroad managers
of competing lines to meet together and arrange
combinations in regard to the rates of freight and
passenger travel, to prevent ruinous competition—
they could shipwreck the entire postal service ot
the country, and absolutely mill it, in the faceot
the constitutional provision which gives to Con-
gress the exclusive power to establish post offices
and post routes.
Now, wc have presented this bill after great
deliberation. I stated to the House yesterday
that at the outset I had doubts about it myself. It
is astringent bill, and yet at the same time a just
bill. It takes no man's service without paying
full and adequate compensation for it. It only
provides that railroad companies, which are them-
selves running trains back and forth upon their
iron highways, shall, in addition to their passen-
gers and freight, carry these mails, and that they
shall havefairand adequate compensation. Ifthey
cannot agree with the Postmaster General as to
tho amount of that compensation, the Court of
Claims is to be the arbiter, and if they are dis-
satisfied with the decision of that court, they can
appeal to Congress to make them a larger allow-
ance, if they see fit. I now move the previous
question, and the House can vote for or against
it, as the judgment of its members decide.
Mr. OLlN. I hope the gentleman will not in-
sist on the previous question. I desire to be heard
for a few moments. .
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot withdraw it. lwo
elaborate speeches have been made against the
bill this morning.
Mr. OLIN. Then I hope the House will vote
down the previous question. I call for tellers on
the second.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
