1862:.
THl 0ON"G-RBSBIOJSTAL GLOBE.
ing to vote.money to any extent, who is not will-
ing to give to the Executive all the means of the
nation ,in order to make the war effective; but
when you intermingle.it with_undercurrent pro-
jects, to suit the few instead of the many, then it is
embarrassed, and then we get in to debates about it.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I will remark, pre-
liminarily, that I do not recognize the authority
of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania to speak for the
Executive, either pro or con. I do not think there
is any such authority on this floor. When the
President desires us to know what his opinions
or wishes or recommendations are, I have not the
slightest doubt he will communicate them himself
to the Senate; and when he does so, they shall
have my very highest rcspcct. The manner in
which allusions are made nere t^o his wishes and
opinions, with a view to influence legislation or
to influence our opinions, is, in my judgment,
altogether improper and unparliamentary. So I
shall lay that aside as not to be considered or dis-
cussed in the consideration of this question.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says, if it is
desirable to have the black population in the ser-
vice of the United Statesat all, the States organize
their own militia, and they may be called into the
service by the action of the States themselves.
Now, sir, we nil know that the militia of the States
do not comprise in their organization the blacks
of the country. It is the white.population alone,
so far as I know, in any State bf the Union who
are organized as militia. I am not aware of a sin-
gle State in which the black population are organ-
ized in the militia.
Mr. COWAN. Then my friend will allow me
to ask him, if they are not in the militia, as the mili-
tia comes from the States when we call upon it,
where are these people to go, except into the reg-
ular Army? And 1 wish to follow that by this
further question: whether there is any restriction
now on the Executive to put them in the regular
Army?
Mr. KING. The Senator's inquiry shows that
he is not aware of any mode m which we can get
scivjcc fiom these people without some action of
law. It is for that very reason, that there is not suf-
ficient provision of law to enable the astute and
excellent lawyer from Pennsylvania to determine
how these persons shall be got into the service
that he asks me the question; because he does not
know himself. This bill provides for bringing
this black population into the service of the Uni-
ted States—not as the militia, not as the regular
Army, but it" provides a special mode in which
they shall come in; and it is because of the pecu-
liar condition of the country at this time that there
is, in my judgment, a special propriety in calling
them into the service. Mr. President, tiie man-
gled corpses of thousands of our young men sunk
in the marshes of the Chickahominy and other
localities in the southern States, cry to us for some
mode by which those who are to come after them
shall be relieved from the diseases and death
which have fallen upon them in the defense of
their country. We read the accounts of the ship
loads of our sick and wounded who arc corning
back, for care, to the diffei en t cities and hospitals of
our country. Do we not know—is there a ques-
tion about it in the mind of any man—that the
pestilential atmosphere of these low grounds and
marshes is more dangerous to our men than the
bullets and bayonets of the enemy? In my judg-
ment, there is no danger to this country from bul-
lets and bayonets. These infamous insurgent
enemies who are now attempting to destroy the
Constitution and the country rely upon the cli-
matic influences as a means of security. At an
early part of this insurrection, it was not expected
that a summercampaign was to be made, or could
be made. I remember thatour oldand veteran Gen-
eral Scott had indicated that it was not wise or well
tojseud away troops into these countries until the
fall and winter weather came. Now, after having
passed the winter, we are in the middle of the sum-
mer, the very woist period of the time, and not
only have we our army in these localities, but the
young men of the country are called to come fresh
from their northern homes to meet the enemy there,
and to meetthese diseases. The insurgent enemy
count upon this.
j But it is not to call the black population from
• the free States that this bill is to provide or is ne-
cessary. We find in the insurgent States thou-
- sands and tens of thousands of willing, strong,
hardy men anxious to serve this country, and to |
do what is more dangerous for our men than to *
fight, to dig in the trenches, to do the labor of our
Army. Should we refuse to have that done upon
some question and quibble of authority or of law,
or of who may exercise this power? I trust not.
The whole scope and object of this provision is
to enable us to bring these people into the service,
and to relieve the country, the Aripy, and us all
from this kind of doubt and difficulty that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania himself has suggested a!
to how this thing can be done.. This bill provides
how it shall be done. 1
Mr. President, shall we bring these people, in
this condition of things in the country, into the
public service, and not guaranty to them their lib-
erty? Why, sir, we should hardly deserve their
services, if after they had preserved our rights, and
our liberties, we could return them into slavery.
It would be unworthy a Christian or a pagan
people to do so. Let us meet this question fairly
and frankly, and say to those who shall come to
our aid that they shall have the benefits which the
shedding of their own blood secures to us, and
that it shall secure the same to them, it was so
in the Revolution. Let us meet this question like
men. If the Senate or the country is prepared to
say that we will not have these services, let that
be said, though it is much against my opinion; but
let us understand this matter. Let us know, and
let our young men know when we are calling upon
them to come into the service, whether we are
willing to respond and give them every aid in our
power when we call upon them to come and meet
the double dangers of disease and battle. I say
it is our highest duty to provide every means in
our power to protect them in their health and
in their comfort as well as in their lives; and in
my judgment this bill is most essential and de-
sirable for the safety and security of the country.
Mr. President, I am not one of those who have
ever dcspaiied of this Republic. I said two years
ago in tins Senate Chamber thatifthe Government
and the Congress could prove recreant to the high
trust committed to their charge, there was intelli-
gence and patriotism enough in the people of this
country, in whom its sovereignty really resided,
to sweep the whole away and come together and
reinstate the glorious institutions which the men
of the Revolution established, as they supposed,
for all time for their descendants. In my judg-
ment, this country is not to be destroyed by any
of these means; but I desire that it may be pre-
served through the forms of the Constitution and
by the constituted authorities of the country. That
is the mode in which it should be done. It is the
mode in which L have entire confidence now that
it will be done.
I have not feared that our young men would fail
to respond to this call for additional forces. In
my opinion, they will come; and I feel it in my
heart that they will come whether wo do our duty
or not; but I should feel ashamed to meet them
and to look them in the face if i had failed by every
effort and by every means in my power to lighten
their burdens, to secure their safety and their
health, and to enable them to meet the enemy with
vigor in this climate to which they are unaccus-
tomed. Itis this peculiar condition of things that
calls for this peculiar organization. How are we
met? By the constant and perpetual objections of
those who are complaining of the agitation of the
question of slavery. Who is it that talks about
slavery? It is the men who desire to preserve and
perpetuate and continue slavery in this country.
Mr. President, we should meet these things
fairly and squarely, and understand ourselves.
We should be equal to the destiny that is upon
us, and we must be so. I believe we shall. I
have faith, I have confidence, in the pieacnt arid
in the future. Dark and heavy as arc the clouds
that have risen from the dismal swamps of the
Chickahominy, we shall go through with this great
woik and see bright sunshine in the future. This
country is to live for generations yet to come a
glorious and a free Republic. But, sir, we must
do our duty. Let us meet these questions like
men. Are we willing to relieve and to aid our sol-
diers by the employment of these colored men ? I
believe it to be our highest duty to do so. They
are acchmatSd; they can perform this service
easily to themselves;-and we should make it ben-
eficial to them if we are just men, and I trust we
are.
Mr. COWAN. I heartily.sympathize with my
friend from New York, and I pledge him that I
will second him in all honorable w&ys and means
to do everything possible to strengthen the Army
of the nation in this its hour of calamity. I am
just as willing as he is that every ounce of force
possessed by the nation shall be brought to bear
upon this rebellion to put it dosyn. But, Mr.
President, I cannot shut my eyes to the past; nor
can I shut my eyes to the questions which agitate
us here now. I desire to meet these questions
frankly, and I trust as honorably as the gentleman
himself, and to meet them squarely. What are
those questions? General Hunter, down upon
the coast of South Carolina, sometime ago, ft was
said, organized a regiment of negro slaves; and
the question was whether that should be the pol-
icy >>f the country in conducting this war. I had
asked myself the question before, and I iiad de-
cided it for myself; and I had stated here publicly
in the Senate my solution of the rule. I will state
it again; and I question whether any man can
possibly cavil about it.
Why should the question arise as to whether
these slaves should be employed in our armies?
Why is it that the question arises at all? If there
were no difference between these people and us,
the question could not arise; but there being a
difference, an acknowledged difference, the ques-
tion has arisen, and has agitated the woild for the
last hundred years. Then, what is the solution
of the question? When you come to determine
whether a man or a race of men shall be admitted
into your armies as soldiers, you must decide
whether you can subject them to the drill and the
discipline to enable you to carry on civilized war.
That is the question which you must decide. In
the war of the Revolution, Great Britain employed
Indians against the people of this country. What
was the unanimous decision of the civilized world?
That they had violated the laws of war; that they
had outraged the sense of the civilized world.
Why was that? It was not that the Indian was
not a brave man; a braver man never lived; but
he was a savage; he was a barbarian, and in war
he was unwilling, nay, he was unable, to conform
to the rules of civilized warfare; and therefore the
world decided that he should not be taken into
armies and made a soldier of.
Now, the question arises in the case of the ne-
gro: can you put Inm into your Army ? Can you
drill him and discipline him so as to make him re-
spect the laws of civilized warfare, as our people
do, as white people do? Will he, in the hour of
victory,be clement? Will he give quarter when
quarter is demanded? Will he make war upon
women or children, or will he make war only upon
combatants? Those are the questions. Then the
next difficulty which occurs is, who shall decide
that question ? In whose hands is it to be decided ?
Is it to be decided £>y the Congress of the United
States? I say emphatically, no. I say this Con-
gress to-day is incapable of deciding the question.
I say that my honorable friend from New York,
or myself either, knows nothing at all about it. If
we were generals in the field; if these people were
brought before us; if we were to inspect them and
try them for a time, then we might decide it. It
is a question of fact which the legislature of no
country, I think, can determine. Therefore it is
a question that devolves on the Executive to de-
termine.
Mr. RICE. Will my friend allow me one
moment?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. IlICE. During the revolutionary war the
Legislature of Rhode Island authorized the enlist-
ment of negroes and Indians.
Mr. COWAN. That may all be. I have noth-
ing to say againstthat. The Legislature of Rhode
Island may have done a great many things, and
done them very propcily. I do not undertake to
say that they have not; but I do undertake to say,
when the question comes up in this country,.it is
a question of fact to be determined by the execu-
tive branch of the Government, and not by the
legislative branch of this Government. Ifthe Pres-
ident and liis generals are of opinion that he can
take these men, enlist them in our armies, regu-
late them, subject them to the rules of discipline
usourown peopleare, then lhavesaid here openly
thathe should do it; butas I do not know whether
he can or not, and it is for him to decide under the
Constitution, I will leave that question to him.
