1S82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
action on this joint resolution. I incline myself
to the belief that we had better let the whole mat-
ter remain precisely as it is, without any further
action.
Mr. BROWNING. That is exactly what I
think, and 1 wanted the resolution disposed of, so
that tt would be out of the way.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a question upon which
there maybe two opinions here, and 1 propose to
debate it whenever itcomes up. I am opposed to
concurring m the report of the committee.
Mr. BROWNING. I think it important that
there should be some action on the resolution;
that it should be either defeated or passed. It is
embarrassing, while it remains undecided, to those
who have charge of these matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thejointresolution
is before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will move
that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 242. It will lead to no debate, and will
not occupy a moment of time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
242) changing the name of the American built
schooner Tom Dyer to that of Dolphin, was read
a second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the collector of the cus-
toms of the port of Detroit, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to issue a new re-
gister, license, or enroll merit, to the American built
schooner Tom Dyer, in the name of the Dolphin;
the vessel being owned by H. N. Strong.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the gentleman
what is the occasion for this change of name?
Mr. CHANDLER. This vessel was wrecked,
but has been overhauled and rebuilt, and is sub-
stantially a new vessel.
Mr. COLLAMER. The changing of the names
of vessels, especially sea-going vessels, creates a
great deal of difficulty. The insurance companies
nave the names of all these vessels, and when they
are changed it make;; a great deal of confusion.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is substantially a new
vessel, and it has been customary for us to grant
this permission in such cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
All) TO TIIK STATES IN EMANCIPATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 48.
The mmion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (II. It. No. 48) declaring
that Congress ought to cooperate with, affording
pecuniary aid to, any State which may adopt the
gradual abolishment of slavery. The resolution
is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jhncticci in Congress assembled, That the
United State-* ought to cooperate with any State which may
adopt gtadual abolishment of slavery, giving to such State
pocumary aid, to be used by Midi State in its dis-cr< tiou,
to compensate tor the inconveniences, public and puvare,
piodueud by ^ueh change of b>s.tem.
Mr, SAULSBURY. If the object hp to put that
resolution on its passage, I desire the yeas and
nays on that question. I do not propose to enter
into any lengthy discussion on tins resolution, or
the principles involved in it. It is to my mind the
most extraordinary resolution that was ever in-
troduced into an American Congress; extraordi-
nary m its origin; extraordinary 111 reference to
thesourcufiom whence it proceeds; extraordinary
in the object which it contemplates; mischevious
in its tendency; and 1 am not at all sure that it is
anywise patriotic, even in its design. Sir, it is an
ignoring of the policy which has always been pro-
claimed by the party now in power. I am not a
member of that party, and I thank my God to-day
that! never was and never expect to be, especially
after the introduction of such a resolution as this
into the Congress of the United States. What
was the declaration made by that party before the
recent presidential election? What have been their
declarations ever since they came into power? It
was that they did nof intend nor contemplate any
interference with the subject of domestic slavery
within the States.
It is folly to say that this is not an interference
with the domestic institution of slavery in the
States. To be sure, it does not propose, by force
and in terms, to liberate the slaves in the slave-
holding States. It does not say, " if you do not
emancipate them, we will;" but it is an interfer-
ence in this wise and to this extent: itisan attempt
to awaken a controversy m those States, to initiate
emancipation in those States, to commence the
work of abolition in those States, by holding out
pecuniary aid to the States, by holding out an in-
ducement. That is virtually as much an interfer-
ence as though they had proposed directly and by
force to liberate the slaves in those States. It is
not an interference of the same character and of
the same kind; but still it is an interference with
the subject of domestic slavery within the States.
Now, sir, where is the propriety for the intro-
duction of such a resolution as this? Has any
one of those States asked your aid ? Has any one
of them suggested that they would like to be re-
lieved from this incubus of slavery, if incubus it
be? Have they called upon you for advice? Have
the persons interested in this question sent any
petition here asking the Congress of the United
States to aid them in the work of emancipation?
If they have not asked your aid, I submit that
your proffered aid is not very delicate, to say the
least of it; and when I say this, I say it because
representing one of those Spates, the smallest slave-
holding State in the Union, I have a right to say
it, because my State has said it.
Mr. President, this is no new thing suggested
by the Presidcntof the United States; I have rea-
son for believing that he contemplated it sometime
before he sent in his special message to Congress.
The Legislature of my State has recently been in
session; and somehow or other a printed bill found
its way to the capital of my State, with the gen-
erous offer of the sum of $900,000, or bonds to
that amount at least, payable in ten years, in con-
sideration that the State of Delaware would eman-
cipate her slaves. Influential outsiders were em-
ployed and engaged in the effort to engineer that
bill through the Legislature; but before the ses-
sion closed, it was found that it would not meet
with much popular favor. Some members of the
House of Representatives, however, obtained a
printed copy of the bill, incorporated it into a set
of resolutions—which I had here some time ago,
but which was taken from my table—in winch
they said distinctly that they believed this scheme
had its origin in the city of Washington, that the
State of Delaware had not asked the General Gov-
ernment for any aid in the work of emancipation,
that whenevei she wished to emancipate her slaves
she would do it her own way and without any
expense to the General Government; and until she
asked the aid of the General Government in a work
of that kind, the General Government might keep
its proffered aid to itself. The matter was not
expressed in these words, but that was the sub-
stance.
Now, Mr. President, what is the design of this
resolution? I submit that it can have but one
design; and that is to renew and intensify the agi-
tation of this subject of abolition and emancipa-
tion, in the States where slavery now exists. It
is to create a party in those States who, for the
sake of the pecuniary aid proffered by the Gen-
eral Government will organize themselves and
fight the battles of abolitionism in those States;
and we are to have, through the direct agency
and invitation of the General Government, this
whole question of abolitionism again intensifying
the people of the border States. This fall, when
the election comes oif in my State, what will be
the fight, what will be the issue? Shall the State
of Delaware emancipate what few slaves she has
got, and the inducement will beheld out that ii the
General Government has generously tendered you
pecuniary compensation if you will do so ?" Is
not this an interference with the domestic insti-
tutions of the States? Is this not a direct attempt
|j by the President—for it originates with him m
| his special message—and by the Congress of the
■ United States to abolitionize the States; and if it
I be such, where is the faithfulness of the declara-
] tion made by the party now in power, that how-
| ever much they might oppose the extension of
j: slavery, they would not interfere with that insti-
tution where it already exists?
But, sir, there is another consideration involved
in this resolution. I should like some one of the
members of the Judiciary Committee, who are
presumed to be gentlemen learned in the law, to
show mc any authority in the Constitution of the
United States for this Government to apply money
in freeing the slaves in the States. You are now
about by your tax bills to impose burdens upon the
people wliich they will hardly be able to bear. You
propose still, if you mean really and faithfully to
fulfill your promise, to add to those burdens by
imposing taxes for the purpose of giving money
to the States to aid in the work of abolition.
Where do you get the authority for that? Was
it ever designed by the founders of this Govern-
ment that the Government should tax the people
for the purpose of freeing the slaves in the States ?
Has any writer upon the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, has any man of national reputation
ever heretofore asserted it to be within the consti-
tutional competency of Congress to adopt a meas-
ure of this kind ?
What is the spectacle, sir, which this resolution
presents? That this Government is about to be-
come a great negro trader and slave buyer! It is
true, not a slave buyer for the purpose of holding
them in slavery; but still a slave buyer, goinginto
the wholesale negro trading business; and all for
the love of the poor slave ! I suggest, as a repre-
sentative from the feeblest of the slaveholuing
States, that it would be better for Congress to wait
until those States ask its aid. In reference to my
own State, I feel fiee to say that, after having by
solemn resolution rejected aprofter recently made,
and which can be traced, as I believe, directly to
Federal authority, it is, to say the least of it, very
indelicate to offer your aid the second time. We
shall never accept it, sir. Upon this issue, and
this issue alone, the Constitution-loving people of
my State, the true Union men of my State—be-
cause no man is a true Union man who is not in
favor of the preservation of the Constitution of his
country—will go before the people of that State,
and not a vestige of this Republican party will be
left within the borders of that State, if we are
allowed to have a free election.
But, sir, notice the terms of this resolution:
Resolved, >$-cv That the United States ought to cooperate
with any State wliich may adopt gradual abolishment of
slavery, giving to such State pecuniary aid, to be used by
such ytate in itsdiscietion to compensate for the inconve-
niences, public and private, produced by such change of
system.
Now, Mr. President, if it be the design of the
Administration and of the party in power to give
this aid, why do they not say m more definite
form and in more definite terms what it is they
will do? Why do they introduce a resolution
vague in its terms, simply declaring that Congress
ought to do it, not saying that Congress will do
it, not saying how Congress will do it, not giving
the people an opportunity to see that the thing
will be done, if they choose to cooperate with the
Federal Government in this work, but simply
passing a resolution that Congress ought to do it.
why, sir, from the terms of this resolution, its
vague character, its uncertain language, I have a
right to infer that it is nothing but words intended
to be thrown into a political campaign; a promise
in some sense made never to be performed. If
the border slave States were so unwise, so unjust
to their people, as to enter upon the work of eman-
cipation trusting to the fidelity of the Federal
Government to redeem this quasi promise, I ask
you do you mean ever to perform your part of it?
Do you believe that the people of Wisconsin, and
the people of Illinois, and the people of the other
free States, are ever going to allow themselves to
be taxed to buy the slaves of Kentucky and
Maryland and "Virginia and Delaware and Mis-
souri? Will they not have taxes enough at the
end of this war, and during its existence, to pay,
without payingto buy slaves in these States? Sir,
the promise will never be kept by the Federal
Government, even should these States unwisely
enter upon this project of emancipation. It is not
designed in my opinion to be kept. The only
design of this resolution in my judgment—-and I
have a right to say so here—is to continue the
agitation of the slavery question, now that the
Tenitoriesare disposed of, within the bolder slave
States; and after they get parties divided on that
issue, and the work of abolitionism progresses in
the border slave States, and is perhaps ultimately,
by agitation and continued agitation, accom-
plished, then the representatives of the people
from the free States, already taxed to support this
