1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
question carefully, coolly, and have an opportu-
nity to* know alt the facts connected with it. I
never had any opinion whatever about that order
No. 3. I did not know whether it was right or
wrong. I did not undertake to know, because
it was not my business to know. If General
Halleck satisfied his superior, the President, and
he was continued in command, that was enough
* for me. If he put negroes out of h|s camp, I
suppose there was good reason for it. I can very
well conceive why, if I were commander-in-chief,
I would put a great many white men out of the
camp. If the camp is in a particular neighbor-
hood, and all the people of the neighborhood flock
in and disturb the discipline and organization of
the soldiers, I think they would be put out very
soon; and much more, I think, if a parcel of ne-
groes were to make a camp a haunt, they should
be put out. Why'not? In every common county
muster they put out spectators and persons who
have no business within the lines.
But, Mr. President, that is not the question. I
think nobody can deny but that the commanders
of our armies, the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment, have the right to apply part of the ap-
propriations for the purpose of paying for navvies,
as they are called abroad. The English Govern-
ment took to Balaklava large numbers of Irishmen
who were skilled with the spade and pick, in order
to make railroads there and dig trenches. They
were called " navvies." Now, 1 suppose our Gov-
ernment would have the same authority precisely
to get up gangs of negroes for the purpose of dig-
ging in the intrenchments; and when the intrench-
ments were done, I suppose the negroes would be
discharged, and would go away; would not be
kept there forever thereafter; would be treated just
as white laborers, under the circumstances.
But, as I said before, that is not the question.
The question is, whether we will employ negroes
in ourarmies, and in our regular Army, because I
know you can place them nowhere else, unless you
make a new law specifically authorizing the mi-
litia to be composed of them, which 1 think would
be exceedingly mischievous. If you alter your
law so as to put the negroes of the free States in
the militia of those States, you will not get a white
man to come here. I do not think you will get a
man from the free States to come in a company
here if negroes are to come along with him in that
same company; and these men love their country,
and are just as willing to do as much for it as we
are now. Then i say, unless you alter that law
so as to authorize them to be put in the militia,
there is nowhere else they can be put except in
the regular Army, and to that there is no impedi-
ment now by any law of this Republic. The Pres-
ident has full and entire authority over that sub-
ject. "When a negro comes up to enlist, there is
the same right to strip and examine him, and de-
termine whether he shall be putinto that company
through the medium of his recruiting officers, as
there is to enlist a free white citizen. Whether
the President would permit this is another thing;
but it is with him in the exercise of his judgment.
He must decide it, because it presents the question
of a race in that attitude to other civilized races,
for we cannot determine it. I therefore propose
to intrustitto him. He is as anxious as we are, ot
course, to suppress this rebellion; perhaps more
so. He has more cares in regard to it than we
have. I have the greatest confidence m his wis-
dom, his prudence, his moderation, and Ins desire
to do it with an eye to the restoration the Union.
If to put negroes in our Army were to drive
away white men from our service, the conse-
quence of the question is palpable. Can people
shut their eyes to it? When it becomes a ques-
tion whether we shall gain orloseforce by it, is it
not a question worthy ofconsideration? ltwould
be worthy, I think, of the very serious consid-
eration of the President himself, I say nothing
about the President's opinions from my own
knowledge of them. What I know of his opin-
ions and what I know of his policy, I have ac-
quired here in my seat. I know that the same
party, the same persuns who were opposed to his
countermanding the order of General Hunter put-
ting blacks into our Army, and who thought ho
did improperly by countermanding that order, are
endeavoring to pass this bill; and I know, too, it
was said upon this floor by one of the advocates
of this bill, thatunless the President would change
his policy he was not certain that he would vote
for the supplies. Change what policy? -What
policy of the President is it that must be Changed?
Mr. WILKINSON. I cap answer the gentle-
man as to one policy of the Administration tfhich
has been pursued, and which should be changed—
the taking of Union s'oldiers to guard the property
of rebels, the placing of Union men from Minne-
sota around the house of a rebel general, protect-
ing it, and keeping them up in the night while the
inmates are sleeping quietly in their beds. That
is one policy that I want changed.
Mr. COWAN. I have heard a great deal about
that, and I beg the country to pause before they
pass their judgments suddenly upon that. How
is a general to maintain order and discipline in his
army if he allows his soldiers to plunder? Why,
sir, to state the question is to answer it. This is
one of the necessary and unpleasant consequences
of the war; but it is absolutely necessary to its
successful carrying on. If our soldiers, when
they go down there to suppress this rebellion, are
not to guard private property, if they are not to
prevent outrage, if they are not to observe the
strictest discipline and to behav# themselves ac-
cording to the laws of warfare as established
among all civilized nations, our Army becomes
a mob, and our war becomes a war of extermi-
nation. There may be hardship in the fact that
our sons, or our brothers, or our fathers may be
obliged to standguard over the property of a rebel,
and it may be disagreeable; but all this war is
hardship from beginning to end. It is still harder
that that father and thatson should be shotdown
upon the battle-field, and his corpse come home
bleeding to his family. Still, that is one of the
things that has to be done in order to save the
country, and to save the blessings we expect to
enjoy by preserving that country intact as it was
before. I have no complaint to make of a gen-
eral who observes order. I should have a great
deal of complaint if he did not observe order. If
he allowed his soldiers to plunder the private
property of the people down there, if he allowed
women and children to be insulted and outraged,
I should have great quarrel with him for that.
That could not be excused; this may; and I think
in all charity it is due to our general to suppose
that it was excusable; that there wasa reasonfor
it. Because the owner happened to be a rebel gen-
eral, that is no reason why his house should be
given up*to pillage; lus wife and children turned
out of doors, and everything that has been re-
spected in civilized war be outraged.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if that is the character of our Army
in the field? Have they shown any general in-
clination to pillage, to rob, and to plunder the
country through which they passed, and to in-
sult women, as he intimates?
Mr. COWAN. That is the old method of bam-
boozling a question instead of arguing it. I inti-
mated no such thing.
Mr. WILKINSON. I asked the question
whether there has been any evidence of such con-
duct on the part of our Army?
Mr. COWAN. I say to the Senator from Min-
nesota I know nothing about it. I was not along
with the Army. I pay no attention to these ru-
mors of any kind one way or another. I pay no
more attention to the idle slander on the Army
than I pay to the idle slander on the Army's gen-
eral. I pay no attention at all to any of these
rumors. It is enough for me to decide what I
have to decidc here when I have the evidence be-
fore me, and when I can make up my judgment
in such a way as that I shall not bo obliged to
retract it. 1 think our Army, lank and file, is
composed of the best material of any army in the
world; but yet I have no doubt that even in that
Army there are men whom it might be dangerous
to turn loose in passing through an enemy's coun-
try; and I suppose the very fact that pioperty has
to be guarded is evidence of the fact that there is
danger. I know nothing about it personally, al-
though I have heard agieatmany rumors of that,
just as well as rumors of the other. What I mean
to say is, that these things should be decided by
those who are able to decide them, who are capa-
ble of deciding them, and that we should not here
turn ourselves into a Ficnch convention and de-
stroy and divide and weaken the efforts of the
country for its own safety by undertaking to take
cognizance of this question of which we arc ut-
terly incapable to form any good and sensible
judgment. That is my ground. If I could see
my way clear, I should support any legitimate
law that could be passed to help us along and give
us additional strength and force; and none would
be more willing than I am to second it and further
it. But, sir, I should be very loth, to agree to
any law which would liberate the general from
the necessary obligation which now rests upon
him to preserve order and discipline in his army,
and to prevent that army from being a band of
marauders, in which case they would do more
harm to our cause than they did good, and besides
disgrace themselves and us by such conduct, I
hope it will never be done.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not intend to pro-
long this discussion, nor to make any remarks to
any extent myself; but the Senator from Penn-
sylvania alluded to the fact that the British in the
revolutionary war employed Indians, and that the
civilized world looked down upon that act with
condemnation, and I think he intended to drawa
parallel between the employment of the Indians
by the British Government and the proposition
tiiat is now before the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I-will save him the trouble of beating down that
proposition. 1 made no such proposition, and if
he has got his speech fitted to that, he might just
as well give it up, because I neither made it nor
intended it. I stated that the question arose in
that case, and the question arises in this case; and
the proper question is, who is to decide it?
Mr. WILKINSON. _Th# Senator claims to
be a very close constitutional lawyer; and if he
did not mean anything by such an allusion, he
certainly should not have resorted to it. I rose
simply to call the attention of the Senate to the
act of General Washington during the revolution-
ary war when he called upon the States to organ-
ize the'slaves. That question was asked the other
day in the debate by my colleague of the Senator
from Kentucky, and he denied that it was so.
Now, sir, here is a preamble to an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Rhode Island, which I will
read, showing that they based their action upon
the special request of the Commander-in-Chief,
General Washington, and it goes on to provide
that the slaves, Indian slaves as well as negroes,
should be organized and mustered into the service
of the United States:
" Whereas, for the preservation of the rights and liberties
of the United States, it is necessary that the whole poweis
of Government should be exeited in recruiting the Conti-
nental battalions; and whereas his Excellency General
Washington hath inclosed to this State a proposal, made to
him by Biigadier General Varnum, to enlist into the two bat-
talions raising by this State such slaves as should be willing
to enter into the service ; and whereas history affords us fre-
quent precedents of the wisest, the freest, and bravest na-
tions having liberated their slaves and enlisted them as sol-
diers to fight in defense of their country ; and also whereas
the enemy, with a great force, have taken possession of the
capital, and of a gteat part of tins State, and this Slate is
obliged to a vciy considerable numbei of troops for its
own immediate defense, whereby it is in a manner rendered
impossible tor this Slate to furnish recruits for the said two
battalions, without adopting the said measure so recom-
mended :
" It is voted and rcsolved> That every able-bodied negro,
mulatto, or Indian man slave in this State may enlist into
either of the said two battalions, toseive duiing the continu-
ance of the present war with Great Riitam ; that every slave
so enlisting shall be entitled to and receive all the bounties,
wages, and encouragements, allowed by the Continental
Const ess to any soldier enlisting into their service.
u It is fwither voted andresolved, That every slave so en-
listing shall, upon his passing muster before Colonel Christo-
pher Gieene, be Immediately discharged from the seivice of
lus ma-ter or mistress, and be absolutely fi ee, as though he
had never been incumbered with any kind of servitude or
slavery; and in case such slave shall, by sickness or other-
wise, be rendered unable to maintain himself, he shall not
be chatgoable to his master or misttess. but shall he sup-
posed at tlie expense of the State."
The Senator from Pennsylvania urges the same
objections to the employment of slaves that were
urged by the gentleman from Kentucky the other
day. It is said to be inhuman and barbarous; that
they would become savage, and that they are sav-
ages m their nature. General Washington, who
was a slaveholder and knew the character of the
negro as well as the Senator from Kentucky or
the Senator from Pennsylvania, who was as hu-
mane, as kind, as benevolent, and as Christian in
his character as any gentleman opposed to this
measure, by a solemn official act, callcd upon the
States to muster their .slaves into the service, that
he, the greatest captain of his age, might lead them
on to battle and to victory. Do we ask any more?
Can the Senator from Virginia, who spoke so elo-
