1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
inspection or otherwise, i'ncluding members of
Congress and the Committees on tire District of
Columbia of the two Houses, without a special
permit from him. In order that the Senate may
more thoroughly know this Mr. Lamon, I will
read the following extract from the report of a
select committee of the House of Representatives
recently made and published by the order of that
body:
" Dining the sittings of the committee m St. Louis they
learned that the thirty-ninth regiment of Illinois volunteers,
better I-nown perhaps as the i Yates Phalanx,' had been
ordered to he removed front Denton barracks, in St. Louis,
to WilliamsporL in the State of Maryland. The regiment
had been mustered iuto the service at Chicago, and was
oideied West from Chicago to join General Fremont at St.
Louis, at an expense of from six to seven thousand dollais.
As connected with tbecontiactfor the transportation of the
legimciit, your committee deemed it a duty to make some
inquiry in relation to its transfer fiomfcH. Louis to the East,
when at the same time it was undeistood that othei regi-
ments were jroing from East to West. It appeals from the
testimony of Captain McKcever, the assistant adjutant gen-
eral on the staff of General Fremont, that on or about the
25th of October Ward H. Lamon, Esq., aruved in St. Louis.
Captain McICeevcr understood that he was the same gen-
tleman who held tlx; office of United States marshal for the
District of Columbia. (tfecMcKccver's testimony, p. 10ol.)
About the same time Captain McKecver icceived a note
from Colonel Eaton, military secretary of General Fiemout,
stating that the geneial wished him (.McKecver) to oidei
file thirty-ninth Illinois legiment u> pioeeed to Virginia to
join ' General Lamon's bns ade.5 Mi. Lamon (who then
had on the uniform of a brigadier general) told Captain
McKeever that he had four regiment?, in his brigade, and
that he was to receive a commission of brigadier general;
that his mission to St. Louis was to get an order fi om Gen-
eial Fremont for the removal of this regiment, which Mc-
Keever understood him to say had been promised some tunc
bcfoie by the Picsident. The following is a copy of the
order:
[Special Order No. —.]
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, Missouri, October Q3, 1861.
The thirty-ninth Illinois volunteers, Colonel Light, is
relieved from duty in this department, to serve in General
Lamon's brigade in Western Virginia. The regiment will
proceed to Williamson, Maiyland, taking three day^'
cooked ration^. * " v * * * *
By order of Major Geneial Fremont.
CliAUNCEY McKEEVER,
Asustanf .ddjulant General.
Adjutant Gbnural's Office, Deccmhcr o, 1861.
Official: GEORGE D. HUGGLCS,
* j.hsistant Jl/ljutant General.
" The cost of the tiansportafiott of tin** regiment hom Ht.
Loui* to "William poit. OpMm McK"i-m.i said, would b-
somewhat e about thirty thousand dollars, and that he knew
no object to be accomplished by the transfer, except to give
4 General Lamon' an additional regiment to fill up lu-5
brigade. In answer to the inquiries of the committee, the
Secretary of War states that there K no law authorizing any
eoinmandPt of a department to t end hoops to other dopait-
nienu without special order* fumi ihe'Secict.iry ot Wai
oi the Commander-in-Chief, and that, consequently, the
removal of the thirty-ninth Illinois legnnent was made
without proper aiUhoiitv. The Seeietary also-states that
lus ' Department j> not informed of the military or other
reason* th.it evistod tor the transfer of the said legnnent as
aforesaid.' (See Letteis of the Secretary of War, Appen-
dix <I.>)
"Edvvrud II. Castle, who at this time hud charge'of the
raihoad ti«ui<poitatiou in the western department, states
that o.t Saturday evening, the 26th of Octobci, Mr. Lamon
wa-< mtioduced to liuu a- a bugadiei gencial,fi om Washing-
ton, and that he was ' wearing the diess of s-uch a military
ofiieei.' ]Ii  object was to have Castle send him the next
day ^Sunday) bys-peeial expiess train irom St. Louis to
Spiinu'field, Illinois, at the expense ot' the Government.
Castle Wih, appaiently, veiy much flattered in being intio-
dueed to so hnrh a dignitary as a brigadier geneial, all the
way fioni Washinstoii to St. Lotus, lleouleied an engine
and ear fo> the express purpose of not only taking Mr.
Lamon to Spungfield, but isoveial of his friends.. In going
tiom St. Louis, we-?t, to see Geneial Fiemont, Castle pro-
vided that Mr. Lamon should not only go free ot expense,
but he dueetcd ins expiess ine^scngei to -'show hun atten-
tion and contribute to his comfort.' It turns our, from the
letter of the Secretary oi YV';u, th.it tins gentleman who
piochumcd himself a bugadier general,and who wa> wear-
ing tlie insisinia belonging to that distiugubhed lank, bad
no such appointment. ,-MJ .such pretend were unfounded,
and, a^ join committee understand, was aKo the pr"ten«e
that tbe^'ro^ident had told hun that he miiiht take thiMCgi-
ment He seems to h.iv made u-c of hu- official position
m- mar-lial tor the Di^tnet of (jolmnbu, and Ins si^umed
position as a bugadier geneial, to <.reiuc ins object of re-
moving the regiment, and iu traveling m special trains at
public expense.''
As lie has made use of his position now in order
to exclude the members of the Senate and the
House ofRcpresentativcafrom inspecting;the very
institutions which the Constitution and the: laws
put under their charge, and which then* duty re-
quires them to inspect, except by going through
the formula of either supplicating him or going
to the Presiding Officer and getting a permit from
him:
" Your committee believe, with Captain McKeever. that
the removal of the regiment had no othei object except (lie
gratification of Mr. Lamon. But at such a time as this,
when every dollar in the Treasury is needed to crush out
the rebellion, they submit that the sum of $30,001) is too
large a sum to be expended for the purpose of flattering the
vanity of any single individual. The removal of the regi-
ment was not only without authority of law,but was inex-
pedient and without justification. Tlmty thousand dollars
of the public money has been worse than squandered in
this transaction, which should receive unqualified condem-
nation. Mi. Lamon had no authority whatever to travel
in special trains at Uie public expense, and he should be
called upon to refund the amount paid for the special train
which took him and his friends from St. Louis to Spring-
neld. If lie shall not do so, the proper accounting officers
of the Treasuiy should ascertain what that amount is, and
deduct the same from his salary as marshal of the District
of Columbia."
This is the Mr. Lamon who is the marshal of
the District of Columbia. Instead of devoting his
attention to the duties of his position, instead of
watching and protecting the interests of the Gov-
ernment in the sphere of duty assigned to him,
instead of visiting the jail as its public legal guar-
dian, and attempting to ameliorate the condition
of its inmates, as it was his duty to do, lie has
been engaged in the business described by the
committee of the House of Representatives.
Until some time during the last Administration
Christian men and women in this city were m the
habit of visiting the jail, and ministering to the
wants of the inmates. Among others, I am told
that a gc^od Samaritan of the city—Mr. George
Wood—was in the habit of visiting the jail at least
once a week, when he distributed tracts, papers,
and books, among those who could read, and to
whom it was supposed that they might be useful.
Suddenly, an order came forbidding the admis-
sion of Mr. Wood to the jail, and that order stands
unrevoked to this day.
Shortly after I reached the city on the 1st of
November last, supposing that I might possibly
be continued as a member of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, I felt it to be my duty
to inform myself, among other things, of .the true
condition and management of the jail. Accord-
ingly, 1 have visited it often. I have conversed
with its inmates, examined the records of com-
mitments, and 1 think I may safely say that I
have been instrumental in securing the discharge
of several innocent persons. When this bill was
under consideration last Friday, 1 took occasion
to state to the Senate some of my observations
in (hat jail. On the day following, this foreign
satrap, Mr. Lamon, madeapercmptory order that
no person—not even members of Congress, or
members of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, who have the general charge of all mat-
ters relating to the District—should be admitted to
the jail as a visitor without first supplicating and
securing a written permission to do so from him,
or unless he should be personally present. When
intelligence of this order was brought to me yes-
terday morning by a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, a large numbei of Senators around
me ptoffered to go with mo to the President and
demand the instant dismissal of tin's marshal—
not because of his conduct as detailed by the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives—not be-
cause he had been strutting through the States of
Illinois and Missouri with stars on his shoulders,
representing himself as a brigadier general—not
■because he'had purloined a icgimentof tioops
and brought it at gicat expense from St. Louis to
the Potomac after it had been transported from
Chicago to St. Louis—not because he had been 1
tiaveling in special railway trains at the public j
cxpcn.se, (although for these reasons he ought to ;
have been instantly dismissed,) but because of his
manifest and acknowledged dereliction of duty as
marshal of the District, and because of the insult-
ing character of the order he had made m regard
to our admission to the jail.
Upon reflection, I concluded to determine with
posiuveness for myself whether such an order had |
been made. Accoidmgly, yesterday I went to the j
jail and sought admission. Entering its portal. 1 j
told the jailor that I wished to examine it. He told j
me that I could not he pei milted to do so. i de- j
mandod to know the reason why I was excluded. 1
He answered that he had a peremptory order from
his superior, Marshal Lamon, forbidding the .ad-
mission of any one without a written permission
from him, or without he was personally present.
I asked him if this rule applied to members of the ,
Senate and I-Iuuse of Representatives. He replied ;
that it did. I then asked him if he knew me, and
that I was chairman of the District Committee
of this body. He said that he did, but that that |
fact made no difference; the rule was peremptory,
and must be enforced against all alike.
Upon this repulse at the jail, I concluded to go
at once to the President of thetJnitcd States, to
state to him the facts I have detailed, and to give
him some idea of the expression of opinion of
those around mc. When, for the first time insix
months, I attempted to approach the footstool of
tltepowerenthronedatthe other endof the avenue,
I was told that the President was engaged, and
his servants declined to convey my name to him.
I allude to this subject, Mr. President, not be-
cause I suppose that the influence of this marshal
extends so far as to exclude me from the Execu-
tive mansion, as well as from the jail, Gut as the
reason why I state publicly here what l.intended
to state privately there.
If we are to have such officers as this, it is evi-
dent that they ought to be strictly regulated by
law. So far as the communication which has been
senthere to-day is concerned, it is an after-thought;
it has been got up since I visited the jail yester-
day. The order was then peremptory, that no
man, not even the President of the United States,
should be permitted to enter in the jail. No per-
mission from the Presiding Officer would have
availed mc yesterday. Now, when it is known
that the matter.was to be brought to the attention
of the Senate, and it was supposed the Senate
would vindicate itself, this communication is sent
to us.
I submit that these facts ought to convince us
of the necessity of a peremptory law for the gov-
ernment of this marshal upon the subject now
under consideration, as well as upon several other
subjects which I pledge myself to bring to the
attention of the Senate hereafter.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the bill is en-
titled a bill in regard to the administration of crim-
inal justice in the District of Columbia; and its
object appears to be to provide for the discharge
from confinement of certain persons in the jail
who are held there for a longer period than is
thought to be proper. I propose to speak to the
bill, not to the communication of the maishal.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Mary-
land will give way, I will move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill for the purpose
of taking up the Kansas contested-election case.
Mr. CLARK, Mr. FESSENDEN, and others.
Oh, no; let us pass the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. If the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky is pressed, I will stop; but if it bo
against the sense of the Senate, it is not worth
while to vote upon it.
Mr. POWELL. I trust the Senate will post-
pone the bill for the purpose of taking up the
Kansas contested-election case. I am very anx-
ious to dispose of that case, and this bill, I am
co'nfidnnt, will take all day. I wish to argue it
myself.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The discussion upon the bill
this morning has been entirely foreign, as it seems
to me, to its nature and character. It has rather
been upon the communication submitted to the
Senate by the Presiding Officer from Mr. Lamon.
Now, sir, I have nothing to say in regard to the
charges against this gentleman, who has been
called a foreign satrap, and who has been described
as an assumed brigadier general. If all these
things be true, they certainly do not furnish an
argument for the passage of this bill. I trust the
Senate will not make any mistake of that kind,
and allow any feeling which they iaay have in re-
gard to that communication to determine their
votes upon this measure. It is a bill for a specific
objccl—to secure the discharge from imprisonment
ofceitam persons confined in the jail of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It applies to criminals, as well
as to other persons not specifically designated in
the bill. In regard to the former class, what I
have to say in reference to the bill is that, in my
judgment, it is entiiely unnecessary. The prac-
tice m regatd to criminals confined in the jail in
the Distiict is that which prevailed in Maryland
at the time of the cession of the District, except
so far as the law may have been modified by stat-
ute; and I am not aware that in this particular any
modification has been made, or that any one was
necessary. There is at every term of the criminal
court a general jail delivery. If there has been a
single case in which a party charged and not in-
dicted has not been discharged, it has either been
