1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
necessary for the attainment of the success of his
arms, and the overthrow of the enemy. Vattel
says:
" Whenever we have an opportunity we seize on the
enemy's propcity and convert it to our own use; and thus,
besides* diminishing the enemy's power, we augment our
own, and obtain, at least, a partial indemnification 01 equiv-
alent, either for what constitutes the subject of the war, or
the expenses and losses inclined in its prosecution—in a
wotd, we do ourselves justice."
When the Commander-in-Chief advances into
a territory held by an enemy, ho can seize, lay
waste, burn, destroy, kill, or do anything that
may be necessary to be done to weaken, overthrow,
and subdue the enemy, and for the time being, the
military law overrides all civil law, inter arma
silent Itgcs. He can manumit the slaves he cap-
tures, seize and appropriate property for the use
of his Army whether of friend or foe. His power
as Commander-in-Chief in time of war is omnip-
otent, as against the enemy, but when pcace is
restored and the military authority is withdrawn,
his military power ceases, and the civil law re-
sumes her peaceful sway. No proclamation of
his has any le^al effect or force beyond his mili-
tary lines. Whatever property he seizes and
appropriates is taken by the law of capture.
The Constitution placed the ultimate power
over the sword in Congress—the law-making
power of the nation. And it has always been so
exercised; every article of war by which the gen-
eral governs his army in the field is an enactment
of Congress. The Constitution empowers Con-
gress—
a To declare war, grant letters of marque and repiisal,
and make .ill 1 ules concern un captuies on land and watet."
" To taise and suppoit armies." " To provide and main-
tain a navy." "To make rules, for tin; government and
i emulation of the land and naval forces." " To provide for
calling foiih the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress msuirections, and repel invasions." "Topio-
vide for oigamzmg, arming, and disciplining the militia,
and for governing Mich part of them as shall he employed
in the seivice of the United States." " To make all laws
which shall be necessaiy or proper forcariymg into execu-
tion the foregoing powers and all other powers vrMed by
this Constitution m the Government of the United States,
or any department or officer thereof.5'
The Constitution here grants full and explicit
power to Congress over the whole subject of war;
and is it to be doubted for an instant tliat the great
and wise men who framed our Government did
not vest the power, so me where, ofexeicising those
l ights which inherently belong to the sovereignty
of a nation, and which are everywhere recognized
by national law, which is a part of ourConslitu-
tion ? It certainly was intended that our Govern-
ment should be perpetual, and clothed with all
the power appertaining to a great nation, whether
in peace or in war. There can be no question as
to this fact.
I hold that Congress, in time of war, as the sov-
ereign law-making power, has the clear and un-
reserved right to confiscate the estates, real and
personal, of public enemies of the Government.
And I do not know but Congress has the right to
pass an act of confiscation which shall work a for-
feiture per se, without the intervention of couits.
But the bills now before the House do not go so
far—they provide that forfeiture shall not take
place until after condemnation by the courts, of
the property seized, upon proceedings in rem, as
in pi ize cases, or cases of forfeiture arising under
the revenue laws.
The right to seize and confiscate the property
of alien enemies, wherever found within our tcr-
litory, is as clearly and definitely established as
any principle of law can be established by the ad-
iudication of our courts. If Congress lias the
power to confiscate the estates of alien enemies to
the use of the public Treasury, surely greater ex-
emption will not be claimed for those public ene-
mies who are in open arms against the Government,
and who have^^eradded to their character of pub-
lic enemies the double-damning crime of treason.
Because they, while owing allegiance tu the Gov-
ernment, and iceeiving its care and protection,
should rebel and stiivc to overthrow and destroy
it, places them beyond the pale of its clemency,
and furnishes a twofold reason why they should
have meted out to them the full and exact measure
of punishment which retributive justice demands
as the proper atonement for such offenses. They
should be made pay the uttermost farthing of the
expenses of the parricidal war which they have
brought upon us. .
Nearly if not all of the States, during the rev-
olutionary war, while exercising their sovereignty
under the Articles of Confederation, passed acts
confiscating the property of British subjects within
their jurisdiction. On the 27th of November,
1779, the Legislature of Pennsylvania passed a
law to this effect:
" Wheieas the saiety and happiness of the people is the
fundamental law of society, and it has been thepiactiee
and usage of States most celebrated tor fiecdom and wis-
dom to control and abolish all claims of power and interest
inconsistent with their safety and welfare, and it being the
right and duty of the representatives of the people to as-
sume the duection and management of such interest and
propeity as belongs to the community, or was designed for
then advantage:
" Bc.it therefore cn acted. and it is hereby enacted, That
all and evetv the estate, light, title, interest, and property,
claim and demand of the heirs, and devisees, grantees, or
others claiming as piopiietanes of Pennsylvania, whereof
they or eititerof them stood seized,or to which they or any
of them were entitled, or which to them weie deemed to
belong, on the 4th of July, J776, of, in, or to the sotl, and
land contained within the hunts of the said late province,
now State, of Pennsylvania, or any part thereof, together
with the loyalties, fianchises, loidships, and all othei, the
hereditaments and premises, comprised, mentioned, and
granted to the same by charter, or letters patent, of the said
King Chailes the Second, shall be, and they arc lieieby,
vested in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, l'or the use
and benefit of the citizens theieof, freed and discharged, and
absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified, of,from
and against all estates, uses, tiusts, entail*, icversions, le-
m.iinders,lnnitations,chaige<, incumbiance*, titles, claims,
and demands whatsoever, from, by, or under the said char-
ter or letters patent, or otheiwise, as fully, clearly,and en-
tnely as it the said clmrtcr or letters patent, and the estates,
interests, heieditaments, and premises theicm computed,
mentioned, and granted, and all the estate, right, and title
of the said proprietaues, of, in, and to the same piemises
were herein tiansenbed and repealed."
The Legislature of Pennsylvania, in passing
this act of confiscation, sot forth the reasons, in the
preamble, which actuated them in making the en-
actment, " that the safety and happiness of the
people is the fundamental law of society and the
usa§e of States most celebrated for freedom and
wisdom to control and abolish all claims of power
and interest inconsistent with their safety and
welfare," and that " the good people of that Stale
demanded it, as some indemnity for the blood and
treasure they had expended in the war of liber-
ty." And 1 undertake to say that the State, us
an independent sovereignty, at that time had the
absolute right to indemnify herself, and to do what-
ever was deemed necessary to be done for her
safety and welfare.
North Carolina passed an act, In 1779, declar-
ing:
'• That all the land*, tenements, hereditaments and mov-
able pmpcrtv within this State,and all and cveiy nght, title,
and interest therein, of which any person was seized or
po-.*e--ed, oi to which any pei^on had title on the 4th day
ol Julv, A. 1). 1716, who on said day uac ab-ent ti >m this
Slate 'and >'\vty pait of the United State-*, and who Mill is
absent fioni the same, or who hath, at any time during
the present war. attached himself to or aided or abetted 1 he
enemies of the United State-, oi who has withdrawn him-
self 1 rom tin- or anv of the United States altei the day ai'oie-
sairi. and still resid'es beyond the limits of the United States,
shall be, and aie hereby, declaied to be confiscated to the
use of tin.-- State.'-'—*1cts of -isicmbhj of North Carolina,
edition of 1804, p. 244.
By this art, the Assembly of North Carolina
confiscated, not only the property of all disloyal
persons at home or abroad, but also of loyal per-
sons who were absent on the 4lh of July, 177(3,
and who were still absent when the act was passed.
The Assembly claimed that all citizens who owed
allegiance to the State, at a Utne when her safety
wafin danger, should be present to assist in de-
fending their own rights, as well as the sovereignty
of the State.
In 1780 the State nf Maryland passed an act of
confiscation, in which it was declared that—
" All propertv within this State, debt* only excepted, be-
longing to Buti-li subject-,-hail he seized, and is heieby
confiscated to the use ol the State."
Did the constitutions of those several States
which passed confiscation acts dining the revo-
lutionary war giant express powers to their re-
spective Legislatures to pass such acts ? Has the
constitutionality of those acts ever been called in
question? No, sir! The Legislatures of those
States were acting in their sovereign capacities,
which they then possessed under the Articles of
Confederation, and as sovereignties had the right
and power to pas's those acts, notwithstanding
there were no such expressed grants of power m
their constitutions. And are we to be told that
the national Government, in its sovereign capa-
city, has not the power to confiscate the property
of disloyal men who now confront us with aims.
Had the States greater sovereign power than the
national Government has "to-day? If that be so*
then, indeed, have we the" weakest Government
the world has ever seen. There should be " none
so poor as to do it reverence."-
In the case of Smith vs. The State of Mary-
land, the Supreme Court of the United States
made a decision which has an important bearing
upon this question. The case came before eourt
upon a writ of error to tho court of appeals of the
State of Maryland, in a suit in chancery, brought*
at the instance of Carrol and Maccubbin in the
name of the State, against Smith, to compel him
to convey to them the legal title to certain lands
held by him as trustee for Ann Ottey, a: British
subject. It was decided that the Supreme Court
of the United States had appellate jurisdiction in
the case. And the point to be decided was whether
this was a case of future,confiscation within the
meaning of the sixth article of the treaty of peace,
which declared that her rights of property should
be protected, provided that the confiscation by the
laws of the State was not complete prior to the
treaty. And in reference to this point, and to show
what was necessary to complete the confiscation,
Justice Washington, whose ashes now rest with
the Father of his Country at Mount Vernon, in
delivering the opinion of the court, said;
"This leads to the consideiation of the merits of the
cause, which depend upon the question before stated,
namely: whether the confiscation of the lands in question
was so far complete by the laws referred to, that, the title
and estate of Aim Ottey was divested out ot her and vested
in tho State prior to the treaty of peace?
" This must depend upon the trtie constinction of the acts
passed in the year 1780, (chaps.45 and 49,)as itisnotpre-
tended that any pioceeding-s were instituted in the nature
of an office, to complete tho foifeiture of these lands, upon
the grounds ot alienage or otheiwise.
" The first law declares generally that' all property within
this State belonging to Bi m-h subjects, debts only excepted,
shall be seized and is heieby confiscated to the use of this
State.' Anticipating, as it would seem, that questions might
au&e, attci peace, in respect to lands not pioceeded against
according to tho inles ol the common law,the Lcgislatuic,
m the same session, passed a second law, appointing cer-
tain commissioners, by name, to preseive all British prop-
erty seized and confiscated by the former law, and deelaiing
the said commissioners to be in the full and actual seizin
and possesion of all British ptoperty seized and confiscated
by the said act, without any uflico found, entry, or other act
to be done, with power to the said cointnissioneis to ap-
point fit peisons to cntei and take possession ol said prop-
city, for the purpose ot its preservntlon,
" It would i-eem difficult to draft a law more completely
operative to divest the whole estate of the former owner,
and to vest it in the State. The arguments against giving
to these laws such an effect arc, that the expressions used
in these laws-do not impoi t a confiscation of merely equita-
ble estates, and that no estates weie intended to be confis-
cated hut such as were di covcied and seized into the hands
of the State prioi to the tieaty.
" It is true that the word ptopeity, used in both laws,
means the thing itself, intended to be affected by thorn,
wheihci it weie land or pcisonal piopeitv ; but then it ts
equally clear that the thins iiself, whatever it might be,
ceased, by the operation ot the^e laws, to belong to the
Ilntish subject, and became vested in the commissioners,
lor the u-=o of the .State.
"The cestui que trust, though not in possession of the
ptoperty, was, nevertheless, the realownei of it, and, if the
ptoperty oi the tluns itself had come into the actual posses-
sion ol the comnm-ioners, who would have held it to the
use of the State, it would seem difficult to maintain the
position that a scintilla of interest oi estate remained foi
an instant afterwauH in the former owner.
u But no act of the commissioners was necessary in or-
der to obtain ser/.m of the land, to support, the use thus
traiist'ened irom Ann Ottey to the State. No seizin was nc-
ee^sary. The second law considers that all property be-
longing to Buti-h ^-objects was, by the mere operation of
the first law, seized and confiscated *, and declares that the
commissiorjci-< w< re then m the lull and actual seizin and
possession of the property so seized and confiscated by the
lir-t law, though no entry oi other act had or should be made
ot donc.:>
By this decision it was judged that the confis-
cation was complete; that the property was seized
and confiscated by the mere operation of the law,
and that the commissioners were then in the act-
ual seizin and possession of the property so
seized and confiscated by the first law, though no
cn try or other act hod or should be made oi done.
Now, sir, i can hardly conceive of a law more
sweeping in its provisions than this confiscation
act of the State of Maryland. And the right of
the State in her then sovereign capacity to pass
such a law has not and cannot be controverted.
If, then, the State of Maryland had the unquali-
fied right to seize and confiscate the property oC
her enemy, I apprehend that it will not be ques-
tioned but that the national Government, in its
sovereign capacity, possesses at least equal power.
Surely the greater ought to include the less.
In my opinion, the proposition is clear, thatCon-
gress, the sovereign legislative power of the nation,
