1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
The Senate being equally divided, the Vice Pres-
ident determined the question in the negative; and
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, i have had some
experience in legislation, and I have always made
it a principle to guide my course, that where a
measure was objectionable to me and I intended
to vote against it, still 1 would vote for every
proposition ofamendment which, in my judgment,
would improve it and make it less objectionable.
Jt was in conformity to that principle that I voted
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment I had the honor of
offering to the Senate, and then voted for the
amendment as amended; but at the same time it
was my purpose to vote against the bill on the
question of its final passage, because, even as
amended, I thought the bill was subject to much
more of objection than approval. 1 do not con-
sider that there is anything wrong in that mode
of legislation. A measuie may be likely to pass
a deliberative assembly, and a man may be opposed
to the whole principle of it and to Us general provis-
ion??, yet, if m his judgment there be amendments
offered which will improve the bill, he may fairly
and honorably vote for those amendments, and
then vote against the bill. I make this explana-
tion for the purpose of showing my true position
in relation to the matter.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this bill, and I
shall proceed to give some reasons upon which I
base my opposition to it. The reason and the
judgment of men constitute a very curious sub-
ject of study. We conceive a project beforehand.
We have a favorite purpose or end to subserve,
and, instead of honestly and in good faith hunting
out for truth and for principle and testing the va-
lidity and the propriety of our project or our ends
by truth and principle, we endeavor to wrest truth
and principle and do violence to both by bunging
them to the support of our theories and our acts,
lam as much subject to this error as any other
gentleman. It is a very common one, so much
so aa to be almost universal. But, sir, I shall
endeavor to ascertain the true principles and the
facts of the case that apply to the pioposition now
under consideration, and by that standard I shall
endeavor to try and to test the proposition itself
which is involved in the bill.
The Senator from Kansas [Air. Pomeroy] took
the position that there was no law m the District
ofCoIutnbia that sanctioned or recognized the ex-
istence ofslaveiy. T think that that is a very er-
roneous position. What law is there that deelaies
that any particular thing shall be the subject of
property? What law is theie many of the States
of this Union that declares that land or horses or
any other description of property which is recog-
nized by usage shall be property? There is none.
You will find in the bodies of the laws of the dif-
ferent States various acts that recognize property
in particular things by name. So it is in relation
to land; so it is m relation to horses; and so it is
in relation to slaves and many other subjects. The
origin of the law by which property was estab-
lished in these various subjects grew out of the
usages, practice, and uniform custom of the civil-
ized world. There is the origin and sanction of
property in every subject of property, and that
sanction exists m relation to slaves as undeniably
as it does in relation to lands, horses, or any other
subject, and 1 shall proceed to prove it.
The Constitution itself recognizes this property
in providing that Congtess may pass laws to re-
claim fugitive slaves, or persons who are fugitives,
to whose service other persons have the light.
The Government of the United States and the
courts of the United Stales have m many cases
recognized property in slaves. T will mention a
signal instance. Jn the war of 1812 the British
forces invaded this District and portions of Mary-
land and Virginia, and they deported from the
country a large number of slaves. By the terms
of the treaty of Ghent our Government assumed
that those slaves were to be paid for by the Eng-
lish Government. The English Government con-
troverted the proposition; and the question, to-
gether with the amount to be paid, was submitted
to the arbitration of the Emperor of Russia, and
the Emperor of Russia awarded in favor of the
United States for those deported slaves about
$1,'250,000, or something like that amount.
Mr. COLLAMER. To put that matter exactly
i ight, that decision of the hmperor of Russia was
made upon the construction of the treaty of peace
between us.
Mr. DAVIS. So I said.
Mr. COLLAMER. The provision in relation
to slaves was not the result of the Emperor's de-
cision; it was the result of the treaty itself.
Mr. DAVIS. So I said.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not understand you
so.
Mr. DAVIS. I have just stated that that treaty
by its terms provided for the payment to the Uni-
ted States Government of the value of the slaves
that had been deported from the country by the
enemy. The arbitration of the Emperor of Russia
was upon the point, whether the treaty did create
that obligation. In various cases that have come
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
that tribunal has recognized the existence of slaves
as property and has required foreign Govern-
ments to answer to our Government for the pay-
ment of slaves as property. The case to which I
intend particularly to ask the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the honorable gentleman from Kansas,
is the case of the Antelope, decided in the Supreme
Court of the United States. I will read from the
opinion rendered in that case by Chief Justice
Marshall, one of the ablest jurists that has ever
graced a court in this or in any other country.
He says:
" The question, whether the slave ttado i? p> ohibited by
the law ot nations, has been set lously piopotmded, ami both
the affirmative and negative of the pioposition have been
maintained with equal earnestness.
"That it iseontidiy to the law of nature, will scaicely
be denied. Tii.it eveiy man bus a natuiai i ight to the tnuts
of his ou n labor, is geueiallv admitted; and that no other
prison can rightfully depuve him oi those fnuts and appi o-
pnate them against* his w ill, seems to be the neces-,aiy re-
sult oi this admission. But iiom the earliest time? wai has
existed, and war conlcr.s rights in which all have acqui-
esced. Among the most enlightened nations of antiquity,
one of these was, that the vieroi might enslave the van-
quished. Tim, which was the usage of all, could not be
pionounced repugnant to the law ot nations, which is eei-
tamly to be tiicil by the test ot gcneia! usage That which
has icccivcd the assent of all, must be the law of all.
u Slavery, then, has its origin in foier ; but as the world
has agieed' that it is a legitimate icsiiltof foiee, the state of
things which is thus pioduced by general consent cannot be
pionounced unlawful.
<• Tluoughotit Christendom, this harsh rule has been ex-
ploded, and war is no longer eonsideied as giving a right lo
enslave captives. But tins triumph of humauii) has not
been uuiveisal 'Die patties to the modern law of nations
do not piopagate then punciples in foicc, and Afuea has
not yet adopted theiri. Tlnoughout the whole extent ot
that immeibo continent, so |,u a- we know it^ hi^toiy, if
is still the law of nations that pusoncrs at;-> slaves. (Jan
those who have themselves renounced tins law, be peinnt-
ted to pattleipatc in its effect^ by purchasing the beings who
are its victim'-?
"Whatevei might be the answei of a motalist to this
question, a jmist must seaich for its legal solution m tho«e
principles ot action which ate sanctioned b> the u^age?,
the national acts, and the general assent, of that portion of
the world of which he considers himself as a part, and to
whose law the appeal is made. It weicsorttothisstandaid
as tne test of international law. the question, as has aheady
been ob-eiveil, is decided in tavor of the legality of the
tiade. Both Europe and America embaiked in it, and foi
neailv two centimes it was eaitied on Without opposition
and without eeiisiue. A jut ist could not say thai a piactiee
thus supported was illegal, and that those engaged in it
might be punished, eitliei personally or by ctepmation ot
propei ty.
(n tins commace, thus sanctioned bv universal assent,
eveiy nation had an equal uglH to engage, How is this
right to be lost? Each ma}' (enounce iiloi its own people,
but can this (enunciation affect others ?
l" No piineiple of geneial law is moie universally ac-
knowledged than the peiiect equality ot nations. Russia
and Geneva have equal i ighl-- It lesulls fioin this equalltv
that no one can ughtuilly impose a nile on another. Eacn
legislates for itsell. but its legislation can opeiale on itself
alone A ught, then, which is vested in all bv the consent
of all, can be divested onlv by eonscnl ; and rlus tiade, in
wineh all have paittcipated, must lemam law lul to those
who cannot be induced to relinquish it. As no nation can
proscribe a i ulo for otheis, none can make a law of nations,
and tlii- tiatTiciemains lawful to those wlio-^e Governments
have not foibidden it.'5
In conformity to those principles, Mr. Presi-
dent, that enlightened court decided that Africans
captured in war on the continent or peninsula of
Africa and sold to traders in the Now World, and
shipped for the purpose of slavery, were legitimate
subjects of property, and as such they were de-
creed to be surrendered to those who claimed them
as their propei ty.
Mr. MOItRILL. Will the Senator give me the
authority fiom which he reads?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. It is the cose of the
bri°' Antelope, 10 Whenton, pa^es 121, 122, and
123.
But, sir, I shall now assume a position which
my honorable friend from Maine and most of the
gentlemen on this floor will think a bold one; but
it is a position which I assumed in 1840; and if
there be any gentleman curious enough to examine
what my opinions were at that day on this sub-
ject, in the files of the National Intelligencer of
May, he will find them plainly and clearly ex-
pressed to this effect: that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States have no power to emancipate a slave
anywhere in a State or in the District of Colum-
bia; and I shall argue that position in a few minutes.
The natural law gives no right of property to a
man in anything save that which he is using at
the moment. What law secures to us our prop-
erty in our different States and homes? What law
is there that authorizes the great land barons of
this country to appropriate hundreds and thou-
sands and tens of thousands of acrcs to themselves?
What law is it that secures to the owner every
subject of property recognized by the law and
usages of civilized socicty ? It is cither statutory
law or public national law, and, as a general rule,
it is public national law, growing out of the prac-
tice, usages, and uniform customs of the civilized
world, just as they have been stated by Chief
Justice Marshall in the case of the Antelope. My
right to my land and my right to my slave are of
the same origin and nature. They are identically
the same. The same principles of law which en-
title me to eject a trespasser from my land, author-
ize me to hold my slave, and to retain my prop-
erty in that slave againstall trespassers whatever;
and that principle of law has been recognized by
the civilized woild. It was recognized by the
courts and the Government of England before the
case of Somersett was decided by Lord Mansfield.
Slaves have been bought and sold in London and
m other portions of that island. African slaves
were introduced more than two centuries ago into
this country by Las Casas, in humanity to the
Indian race. The {Spaniards were enslaving the
Indians and making them work in mines, and
treating them with great cruelty; and, in tender-
ness towards the Indian lace, Las Casas himself
oiiginated the slave trade in Africans, and he mar-
shaled the way to the introduction of the negro
from his native country to this country to serve
here as a slave. Slavery was in that way intro-
duced into the thirteen colonies, except Pennsyl-
vania; and slavery existed in all the thirteen colo-
nies until it was abolished—not by their legislative
enactments, not by their colonial laws, but by the
general law of nations—previous to the Revolution
and to the troubles that we had with the mother
country. Slaves have been bought and sold m
Boston, and in all the States of the United States,
except Pennsylvania; and the history of those
States will show it. The traders of Massachusetts
and Rhode Island brought more slaves from Af-
rica to the continent of North America than the
shippers and traders of any other portion of the
world.
Then our difficulties with the mother country
commenced. Slavery was existing as an institu-
tion and slaves were recognized as property,just
as horses and cattle were recognized as propei ty,
in all the colonics except Pennsylvania at that
time. They united together as slaveholding col-
onies to resist the aggressions of England. That
war was waged through seven years and upwaids
without any attack upon the institution of slavery
or the rights of property which the slave owner
held in his slave. Then the present Constitution
came to be formed. The existence of slavery is
recognized m that instrument under a nuld phrase,
but just as clearly and as certainly recognized as
though the term " slave^itself weie used. Hence
it is d delusion, itis an unsound position, not true
in fact or in law, when gentlemen assume that
slavery is local and that freedom is universal. I
am speaking now according to law. The converse
of the proposition is true. It is true, as laid down
and decided by Chief Justice Marshall, that the
slave trade and the existence of slaves as property
was recognized at one time throughout the whole
civilized world, according to the usages and the
practices of every European Power that had a
colony either on the continent or on the islands
of North America. It therefore results that this
proposition is true: slavery is general; slaveiy,
to use a fashionable phrase, is the normnl condi-
tion m the United States, and the abolition of
slavery or the abrogation of sla\ery is ihe excep-
tion. I will illustrate that pioposiuon, which my
most excellent and able friend from New Hamp-
