2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
has the right to seize and confiscate the last dol-
lar, and manumit every slave of the rebels now in
arms against our Government. 1 hold they are
completely at the mcrcy of the Grovernment to deal
with them us their crimes deserve. But I am not
in favor of wholesale sweeping confiscation acts.
Because a law that cannot be executed had bettor
never be placed upon our siatuie-books, and I do
not see how it would be possible to execute a law
that would take away at one fell swoop the prop-
erty of six millions of people, and then expect to
reconcile them to submission. Besides, I think the
national Government, in its hour of victory and tri-
umph, should act generously and magnanimously
towards a prostrate enemy, and grant a general
amnesty to the rank and file who have, by the
force of circumstances, been compelled to take
part in this unholy war, Towards them justice
should be tempered with mercy.
" But mercy is above tills sccptercd sway,
It is enthroned in the hearts of kings,
It is an attribute to God himself:
Ami earthly power doth then show likest God's,
When meiey seasons justicc."
But let the leaders and the men who instigated
and conducted this rebellion receive the full pun-
ishment which stern and inflexible justice de-
mands.
The bill now pending before the House pro-
poses to confiscate the property of the officers of
the rebel army and navy, the president, vice pres-
ident, cabinet officers, members of congress, gov-
ernors, judges, foreign ministers, &c., and I think
does not go any too far, and shall receive my cor-
dial support. The prime movers in this wicked-
ness should not be allowed to escape,with impu-
nity. Their property ought to be taken and
appropriated to the public use, to indemnify, in
part, at least, against the blood and treasure ex-
pended in suppressing this infamous rebellion
which they have brought upon us.
The rebels possess a two-fold character—that
of public enemies and traitors. And after their
property has been seized and confiscated as pub-
lic enemies by Congress—the sovereign law-mak-
ing power of the nation, acting in accordance with
national law, which is a part ofour Constitution-—
they can be arrested, tried, and condemned as
traitors, under the criminal law, and be made to
pay the penally of treason with their lives. The
bill now before the House provides that their prop-
erty shall be seized and condemned, upon pro-
ceedings in rem, which I have endeavored to show
Congress has the constitutional power to do, by
the law of nations, as the State Legislatures did
during the revolutionary war. But this proceed-
ing in rent has no relation whatever to the pun-
ishment for treason provided for in the Constitu-
tion. Neither is it a bar to proceedings in per-
sonam., in the criminal courts, or does it in any way
affect the penalties attached to the crime of trea-
son. They are totally separate and distinct, and
proceed upon entirely different principles, and has
so been decided in our courts.
In the case of the pirate vessel Grampus, ob-
jection was made to the condemnation of the ves-
sel on the grounds that a conviction in personam
must be averred and proved in order to maintain
the libel in rem. Justice Story, who delivered the
opinion of the court, in referring to this point,
said:
4<T)io point of" objection is ot an iinpoitant and difficult
nature, ft if well known that at common law, in many
cases of felonies tlx; pariv toifeitcd his (jood« and chatties
to the Crown- No i i«hl to the goods and chatties of the felon
could be acquired by the Ciown, by the mere commission
ot the offense j but ill* rignt attached only by the conviction
of the offender. In contemplation of the common Jaw, the
offender's right was not divested until conviction. But tills
doctrine never was applied !o seizures and lotfeitures cre-
ated by statute in rem, cognizable on the revenue side of
the exchequer. The thing is here piimariiy considered as
the offender, or rather the offense is piimariiy attached to
the thing Many ea<e.«, exi^t wheic the forfeiture for act*
done attaches *olclv rem, and there i< no accompanying
penalty tn personam Manv cases exM where there is both
a forfeiture in ,em and a peisonal penalty. But m neither
class of cases Inw it ever been decided that the prosecut ion*
were dependent upon each other. But the practice lias
been, and so this court understand the law to be, that the
proceeding in rem stands independent of and wholly un-
affected by any criminal proceeding in personam."
In this case it was judged that the two pro-
ceedings (lid not in any way conflict the one with
the other, but proceeded upon different and dis-
tinct principles of law.
Now, sir, a word in reference to this consti-
tutional restriction, about which the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,] a few days
since, said so much. The Constitution declares:
f( The Congress shall have power to'declare the punish-
ment foi treason; but no attainder shall workcoirupfion of
blood, or forfeiture, except during the life of the person
attainted."
In order to understand more clearly what was
meant by this constitutional restriction,it will be
necessary to go back and look at the severe pen-
alties which the common law inflicted upon the
traitor, and which theframers of our Constitution
proposed to remedy. By the law of England,
when a traitor was condemned for treason, he
was dragged to the place of execution and exe-
cuted in the most inhuman manner, and all his
estates, real and personal, were forfeited to the
Crown. He was looked upon as a monster, not
fit to live upon the earth, but was to be exterm-
inated. The law set a note of infamy upon
him, and he was attainted, stained, blackened,
so that his blood was corrupted, and his children
were attainted with him, so that all their political
and inheritable rights were also forfeited, and
they could not hold any office of honor, or trust,
or profit whatever; and could not inherit any
titles or estates, either fee simple or fee tail, and
were doomed forever to bear the infamy of the
father, and were considered to all intents and
purposes dead in the law. The framers of our
Constitution regarded those penalties as severe
and unjust, as the children, who were innocent,
were punished for the ci imes of their fathers. It
was putting the children's teeth on edge because
their fathers had eaten sour grapes. And in order
to remedy this unjust feature in the common law,
it was declared that "no bill of attainder shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except
during the life of the person attainted." That is,
that no attaint of blood shall follow the children
of the person attainted, so as to work a forfeiture
of then1 political and inheritable rights. In this
view the provision is humane and just,and worthy
of the great and good men who framed our Con-
stitution.
But, sir, I do not apprehend that it was the in-
tent or meaning of this provision to forbid the
right in Congress to confiscate the estates of a
traitor, where the jus dispodendi was vested in the
criminal himself. By confiscating the property of
a traitor, which he holds in fee simple, you work
no corruption of blood to his children, and you
deprive them of none of their legal rights, because
there were no legal rights vested in them. The
pioperty belonged to himself, and he had the right
to do with it what he pleased. He might have
given or squandered it away, and would his chil-
dten then have been deprived of any of their legal
rights? None whatever; for they never had any
of which to be deprived. But when you attaint
the blood, so as to work a forfeiture of their inher-
itable rights, such as the right of tenure to prop-
erty, or estates tail, or the right to inherit, through
blood, lands or tenements, or incomes of a grand-
father or uncle, then you do great injustice to in-
nocent parties, and thereby commit a flagrant*
wrong. Such a law was incompatible with the
spirit of our free institutions; and it was to remedy
this objectionable feature of the common law that
the framers of our Constitution introduced this
inhibitory clause. To say that they intended to
prohibit the forfeiture of property, which the
traitor held in fee simple, and that it could be for-
feited to the public Treasury but for the few days
that might intervene between the condemnation of
the criminal and his execution, would have been
an act of such supreme folly that men of intelli-
gence were never guilty of committing.
One word on another point. A proposition has
been submitted to Congress to reduce the revolted
States to a territorial condition,and hold them as
Territories, which I believe is unconstitutional,
and against which I desire to enter my protest.
A State in Us corporate capacity cannot commit
treason, consequently cannot forfeit its powers
and functions as a penalty for treason. We have
always claimed that no State had the constitu-
tional right to go out of the Union, and that there
was no legal or constitutional power any where to
take or put a State out; that the Union was de-
signed to be perpetual, and that it could not be
dissolved hut by successful revolution. Through
all the battles that have been fought for us defense
and the supremacy of the laws, the thirty-four
stars have been borne upon our victouous ban-
ners, symbolical of the thirty-four States of our
Union. Not one star has been erased, and we do
not intend there shall be. We have taken the dis-
tinct ground that those acts of secession of the
revolted States were illegal and consequently void
against the Constitution, and any attempt to sus-
tain them by force did not and could not change
their political status in the Government. How an
act that was void could divest a State of any of
her constitutional functions is beyond my com-
prehension. I have always supposed that an act
that was void against the Constitution must ne-
cessarily leave the Constitution legally operative,
as it was before any such void act was passed.
Before you could establish a territorial govern-
ment^ a revolted State, you must admit that by
her act of secession she was de facto out of the
Union, which we have on all occasions positively
denied. The argument is suicidal, and should
therefore be rejected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
cannot concur in the argument that has been sub-
mitted to the House by the gentleman who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. Wallace.] I do not believe
that the Congress of the United States has power
to pass a law to confiscate a man's estate, beyond
the duration of his life, for the crime of treason.
The bill under consideration proposes a confisca-
tion of the estates of those who are traitors to their
country—disguise it as you may, or use such lan-
guage as you please—for the offense of treason,
and for that alone. I do not believe that you can,
by designating treason by some other name, do
that which the Constitution prohibits Congress
from doing. I do not believe either in the prin-
ciples or in the precedents which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has cited from the early legis-
lation of the country. He has referred, not to
acts passed by the Congress of the United States,
but to acts passed by various State Legislatures,
pending our revolutionary struggle, and surely
he will not contend such precedents are of high
authority. This legislation of the several States
confiscating real estates, debts, and, indeed, every
descnption of property, took place prior to the
adoption of the Constitution, and while the thir-
teen States were united by the Articles of Confed-
eration. By those Articles it is provided:
"Each State retains its sovereignty, ficedom, and inde-
pendence. and every power, jurisdiction, and light which
is not by tins confederation expressly delegated to the Uni-
ted States in Congiess assembled.'''
The Congress passed no acts of confiscation.
Each State legislated on the subject to suit itself,
though it might be in violation of international
law. Hence, when the validity of these laws was
called in question in the courts, it was decided
they were not unconstitutional.
But the argument of the gentleman, so far as it
rests on these precedents, is answered by lefer-
ring him to the treaty of 1783 with Great Britain.
By that treaty we stipulated, so far as the Govern-
ment of the United States had authority on the
subject,to make reparation to British subjects who
had suffered from these acts of confiscation. It
was stipulated no impediment should be thrown
in the way of the collection of debts dire by Amer-
ican citizens to British subjects, and it was fur-
ther agreed that Congress should recommend—
nay, urge—on the several States that reparation
be made to British subjects whoso property had
been confiscated by State laws. It was then a well-
settled principle of international law that real es-
tate owned by an enemy should not be confisca-
ted, and for the promotion of trade and commerce
that debts should not be confiscated. The stipu-
lation contained in that treaty is a full admission
on our part that the several State Legislatures, by
passing acts confiscating the real estate and mov-
able property owned by and debts due to British
subjects, had overstepped the ruT^lPwhich ought
to govern belligerents, and all the reparation which
under our form of Government could be made was
then made. This is a full answer to the argu-
ment derived from the legislation of the several
States, confiscating the propeity of the enemy on
land during the revolutionary war.
This is a Government of delegated powers.
The Constitution defines the authority of Con-
gress. It also defines the authority and jurisdic-
tion of the executive and judicial depaitments. I
do not believe, as some gentlemen do, that the
Congress of the United States may, m time of wai.
do whatever it pleases. I believe we are bound
