1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
shire [Mr. Hale] smiles at, by the present condi-
tion of Brazil.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether I understand him
to say that the existence of slavery is recognized
in the Constitution, or that the legality of slavery
is recognized m the Constitution?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think they are synonymous,
i think when the existence of a thing is recog-
nized by the Constitution its legality is recog-
nized, and wheu its legality is recognized its ex-
istence is recognized.
Mr. HOWARD. The existence of treason is
recognized by the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but not by such a pro-
vision as that which directs and requires that fu-
gitive slaves shall be surrendered to those who
have a claim upon them for their service. That
is my position.
Now, sir, to return to the point which I stated
a few moments ago, and it is this: that the Con-
gress of the United States have no power to abol-
ish slavery in the States, in the Districtof Colum-
bia, or anywhere. Will my honorable friend from
Maine, for whom I have the greatest regard, m
his reply to mo indicate the source of power from
which the Congress of the United States may
abolish slavery in the Districtof Columbia? 1
will pioceed to answer that question myself so far
as 1 have ever heard it answered. It is answered
by referring a person who assumes that position
to the clause which gives Congress the exclusive
power of legislation over such districtof country
as might be ceded by the States for the scat of the
General Government. That is not a general, in-
definite, unshackled, universal power. So faras
the Constitution adopts certain great principles,
and secures certain great rights, that grant of
power is limited and restricted by those principles
and by those lights, as are all the other powers of
Congress. Has the Congress of the United States
the power to establish a national religion in this
metropolis? Has the Congress of the United
States the power to establish titles of nobility in
this District?
Mr. MORRILL. The provisions of the Con-
stitution prohibit in those instances.
Mr. DAVIS. That is cxactly what I say. I
&ay that the piohibitions of Congress restrict that
general power of legislation in the District. My
proposition was broader than that. The great
rights which are secured by the Constitution to
the citizen and to the States, and the great restric-
tions upon the powers of Congress by the Constitu-
tion also limit and lestnct the grant of legislative
power to Congress in the District of Columbia.
That is my proposition. It is one founded in the
Constitution itself. It is immovably moored in
that instrument, and no lawyer can tear it from its
firm anchorage. It is upon that position that I
now propose to draw my deduction, and it is this:
1 say that all the great rights sccured by the Con-
stitution to the citizen exist in the Districtof Co-
lumbia as they exist m all the States of the Union,
notwithstanding the clause m the Constitution
which gives Congress tiie exclusive powei of legis-
lation in the District. That exclusive power
means necessarily in subordination to and within
all the prohibitions and the rights made and se-
cured by the Constitution itself. What is one of
those rights secured universally in this District
as well as in the States1 It is the right of prop-
erty. Is not the right to the writ of habeas corpus,
the right to trial by jury, the right to freedom of
conscience, the freedom of speech, and the liberty
of the pi ess guarantied to the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia as inalienably, as inviolably, as
inextricably, as they are guarantied to the citi-
zens of any of the States? 1 say they are; and I
say among other rights that are guarantied to the
people of the Distuct of Columbia, and to every
citizen of the United States, is the right of prop-
erty. He cannot be deprived of his property ex-
cept in the mode prescribed and authorized by the
Constitution of theUnited States. I will now read
that clause in the amendments to the Constitution:
"No per-on bhall be held to ansvvei foi a capital or other-
wise infamous ciimc, unlc-o on a presentment or indict-
ment of a guuul jury, except in ea<?os in the land oi
naval (bices, or m tin; imhua, when m actual in
tune of war or public il.tuyt'i ; juu shall any pc*un be sub-
ject for the vamc offence to bo twicv put in jcopauly ot hie
oi limb ; lioi ?hall b^ compelled in any cuminai case to be
a wit'ics-i a<fcunstlum cit, noi be drpiived of hie. hbeity. oi
prn^ei ty,\vitnoiit due pi ocelot law; norbhali piivato piop-
eity be"uken lor public use without just compenstion.*'
I conccde that whenever it is necessary in the
administration of the Government, in carrying
forward the great business of the Government of
the United States, that the Government should
have private property for public use, it has the
right to take that private property on the con-
dition of making compensation for it, and upon
no other condition. The point in that provision
of the Constitution is this, and I ask the attention
of my honorable fliend from Maine to it: the
Government of the United States cannot take the
citizen's property capriciously; it cannot take it
without a purpose, even by making just com-
pensation for it; it cannot take it to bum it, if it
may be consumed, or to destroy it; it may take
it for public use. That is the simple and sole con-
dition upon which the inviolability of private
property can be broken by the Government itself;
it must be necessary for public use. Whatisuse?
It is employment. To use is to employ. To em-
ploy is to apply as an instrument or an agent the
thing that is taken for public use; and unless in
good faith and in strict truth the thingor the prop-
erty is taken for public use in the sense in which
I have stated it, there is no constitutional righton
the part of the Government to take the property
at all.
I admit that if it was necessary to take negroes
to build fortifications, or to do any labor to which
slaves could be properly put, as horses or cottle
are, (because, in a legal sense, they are all prop-
erty,) it would be perfectly proper and within the
pale of the power of the General Government to
authorize that property to be so used. The point
which I make upon this provision of the Consti-
tution is this: you cannot capriciously, you can-
not to carry out dreams or realities of humanity,
you cannot to emancipate slaves, you cannot for
any purpose of overturning the institution of sla-
very, take a slave who belongs to a citizen under
any such pretext or purpose as that; you cannot
do it constitutionally and upon principle and in
good faith. When you take a slave, you must in
good faith and in truth intend to apply that slave
to the uses, to the business, to the operations of
the General Government in some of its services,
as you would apply land where you build your
forts, or horses to haul for your armies. That is
the true, constitutional logic, in my humble judg-
ment; and I believe no man can by sound logic
and reasoning overturn it. So far as the public
use, the public employment, the business of the
Government in any of its legitimate operations
may require the appropriation of slaves, you may
so appropriate them; but you must continue them
in that use, in that service, in that governmental
operation, without which you have no authority
whatever to take the slave.
Mr. MORFJLL. Will the honorable Senator
pardon me for interrupting him a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly*
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether he will cairy this prohibition of the
Constitution so far as to prohibit the States from
abolishing slavery? The Constitution being the
supreme law, can the States abolish slavery, ac-
cording to his argument?
Mr. DAVIS. I will come to that presently.
Mr. MORRILL. My point is this: the Con-
stitution of the United States being the supreme
law, and there being, according to the Senator's
argument, a prohibition against taking the prop-
erty without compensation, and then a limitation
to public uses, my query is, can the States abol-
ish slavery?
Mr. DAVIS. I will come to thatfeature of the
case m a few moments. Will the gentleman allow
me to take my own course of remark ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly; I beg pardon for
the interruption.
Mr. DAVIS. I am now arguing the power of
the Constitution of the United States over the sub-
ject of slavery. The sovereign power of the States
to act on the subject is a different power alto-
gether, because slavery is a domestic institution
in the States, and is peculiarly and exclusively
within the cognizance of the States themselves.
But I will proceed now with this argument.
I admit that in this position T differ with most
of tin. lawyers and statesmen of the United States:
nevertheless, it is a conclusion which my own
intellect and my own powers of reasoning have
reached, and reached more than twenty years ago.
1 adhere to it still, and I shall adhere to it until
my mind is satisfied of its fallacy-ami unsound-
ness. Why was this power of exclusive legisla-
tion in this District given to Congress at all? It
was simply to prevent the business of Congress,
the proceedings of the two Houses, the sittings
of the courts, and the administration of the Ex*
ecutive and the executive departments being in-
terfered with by local legislation. That was .the
reason for which this exclusive legislation was
given; and when you construe the extent to which
that power of exclusive legislation is granted, you
must consider the reasons and the abject for which
it was granted, and you must not give it a scope
and an operation outside of and beyond those
reasons and operations. My honorable friend and
other Senators know the difficulty which the con-
vention which framed the Constitution had in ad-
justing the subject of slavery. Suppose that all
the projects in relation to that subject now before
the two Houses of Congress had been offered and
had been insisted upon in that convention, would
any one of them have been adopted? No,sir. It
never entered within the scope of the imagination
or the fancies of the men of that day that such meas-
ures in relation to the subject of slavery as are
now gravelyproposedand urgently pressed in the
two Houses of Congress would ever be offered in
either of them. If the possibility of such a state
of the case had been suggested by the presenta-
tion of propositions similar in effect to those
measures by members who were favorable to the
emancipation of slavery at that time, the Consti-
tution of the United States would never have been
formed. It was with great difficulty it could be
formed and the subject of slavery adjusted ac-
cording to its compromises, as those compromises
were recognized and understood by the framers of
the Constitution. If, m that assemblage of wise
statesmen, the proposition had been made that a
provision should be introduced into the Constitu-
tion of the United States authorizing Congress to
abolish slavery in the District that might be ceded
to the General Government for the seat of that
Government, it not only would not have been ac-
corded, but an express provision prohibiting it
would no doubt have been incorporated hUo the
Constitution itself.
But, sir, without regard to the power and the
jurisdiction of the States, we are now testing the
power of the Congress of the United States and of
the General Government—a Government of lim-
ited powers; limited to those that are expressly
delegated, and to those that arc necessary and
proper to carry the expressly delegated powers
into effect and operation. Gentlemen will all con-
cede the truth of the position that the Constitu-
tion of the United States nowhere expressly au-
thorizes Congress to emancipate slaves anywhere.
I presume the honorable Senator from Maine will
not controvei t that position: that the Constitution
of the United States nowhere in any of its lan-
guage expressly delegates to Congress the power
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; not in terms.
Mr. DAVIS. If it confers that power at all, it
confers it as an incidental power to some express
power.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg pardon; but if the Sen-
ator appeals to me, I do not concede that. I say
the general terms are broad enough to embrace it,
and they do embiace it.
Mr. DAVIS. Which general terms?
Mr. MORRILL. The general terms of the
provision already cited by the Senator from the
Constitution. The power to legislate in all cases
whatsoever, necessarily embraces the power to
legislate in regard to the institution of slavery, or
to this relation.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no difference between
the position of the honorable gentleman and my-
self, that I perceive.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps not.
Mr. DAVIS. My positio-n is simply this: that
Congress nowhere is expressly vested with the
power to abolish slavery in the District; that, if
it possesses that power at all, it possesses itasan
implied power, as an incidental power, as one
subsidiary and ancillary to some express power.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 do not give my assent to
that.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend thinks the
power of exclusive legislation in the District is
broad enough to comprehend it.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. My position is,
