1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
known that your policy is one of emancipation.
I know there are differences of opinion on that
subject; I know there are some who think it is
the only mode of obtaining peace, of bringing the
southern States back to the Union; but I believe
that if you could satisfy the people of the south-
ern States, even the Union men, that this was the
policy of your Government, that you are going
to do that which you have no authority by the
Constitution to do, which you have declared your-
selves, by solemn resolves of the two Houses of
Congress, you have no purpose to do, and which
declaration you made in order to put the people
of the slave States at ease on this subject; Iknow
that instead of having Union men in the southern
States you would not have a man among them
who would not loathe your authority, however
much they might be held quiet by the restraints
of power; and you could never rely upon the sub-
mission to yourGovernmentofapeople who would
feel that they had been thus despoiled by uncon-
stitutional power. You would diseffect to the
Union vast numbers of those who are now sin-
cerely anxious for its restoration; and you would
accomplish no legitimate purpose, and only make
any success which you might achieve as barren
to yourselves as it would be bitter to others. By
the amendment which I suggest, I think the Sen-
ator will accomplish the purpose he has in view;
he will prevent confinement for longpenods where
there is no proof of iho party being held to labor
in the States where that relation is permitted.
I shall not at present say anything further. I
hope the Senator will indicate whether he is dis-
posed to accept the amendment I have suggested.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I understood
the honorable chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia to announce the other day
to the Senator from California that there was no
law ill the District of Columbia requiring a jail
delivery, anctthe discharge of persons committed
there for offenses, afier the grand jury had failed to
find indictments against them. Now, with very
great deference to the opinion of the Senator from
Iowa. I beg to differ from him. I feel very con-
fident that 110 law is required upon that subject;
the law as it now stands is ample to meet all such
cases; if anything is wrong it is the insufficiency of
the manner in which the present law is executed.
Before proceeding to discuss that point, how-
ever, which 1 shall do very briefly, I will say to
the Senate that, so far as the statement of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, touching the insufficiency of the.
jail ill the District of Columbia, is-concerned, I
heartily concur with him. As a sub-committee
from the Committee on the District of Columbia,
I, with others, visited the jail. We have had
under consideration the proposition to erect a new
jail; and I think the committee are unanimously
of opinion that we should by all means, and as
speedily as possible, erect a new jail. The present
one is very poorly constructed, very badly venti-
lated, and in every respect such a prison as is a
disgrace to the country. The authorities of the
District of Columbia are not to blame for the in-
sufficiency of its jail; the grand juries of the Dis- ;
trict have presented it as a nuisance; the city au-
thorities have repeatedly called the attention of
Congress to this prison, and urged the erection of |
a new jail. Congress, and Congress alone, is to
blame for the insufficiency of its jail. I will make
a single statement concerning the marshal of the
District of Columbia. The speech of the Senator
from Iowa this morning seems chiefly to be di-
rected to the marshal of the District. 1 have un-
derstood from the marshal that such varieties and
numbers of persons are admitted to the jail as
absolutely to render it dangerous to those about
the prison. He says that a few days since, after
a large number of persons had been admitted there,
chisels and knives, and articles of that kind were
found in the possession of the prisoners.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow mo to say to the Sena-
tor that when I first visited the jail, four weeks
before the commencement of the session, I was
denied admission until I told them 1 was a mem- j
ber of Congress. I do not know what the rule
has been, but 1 think it has been that nobody but j
members of the Senate a'nd House of Represent-
atives have been admitted heretofore. If they
Mr POWELL. I do not know-what the rules
heretofore have been. I only make this statement
in justice to the marshal. I have also had sent
to my table since the Senator's speech this order,
■which I will read:
Headquarters City Guard,
Office of the Provost Marshal,
v Washington, January 1,1862.
To the Keeper "of the City Jail:
Admit the bearer to any and ail parts of the jail as lie shall
indicate, together with such other persons as lie sliall des-
ignate, for the purpose of examining the prison.
By eomm.md of A. J. I'orter, brigadier general and pro-
vost marshal. E. J.ALLE?*.
Here is a general order, directed, not to the
marshal who has custody of the jail, but to the
jailor, to admit the bearer and sucli other persons
as he may designate. I state these facts as indi-
cating the reason why it was necessary for the
marshal to make these rules; but allow me to say
that I merely make these statements in vindica-
tion of the marshal.
I desire to show that tinder the law as it now
exists, it is provided that ajl persons committed
to the prison in this District charged with an in-
dictable offense are entitled to be released when
the grand jury meets and adjourns without find-
ing an indictmentagainst them. In the first place,
I will refer to the statute of the United States ex-
tending the laws of the State of Maryland over this
District; that part of the District which was ceded
by Virginia has been retroceded. The statute is
to be found in the second volume of the Statutes
at Large, page 103, in the following words:
<< Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmericam Congress assembled. That
the laws of the State of Maryland, as they now exist, shall
be and continue in force m that part of the said Distuct,
(the District of Columbia,) which was ceded by that State
to the United States, and by them accepted as afmesaid."
If there were any laws in the State of Maryland
that would authorize the release of these persons
after a bill of indictment had been ignored, itcer-
tamly exists now in-the District ot Columbia,
unless it lias been repealed by Congress. I hold
thatby virtue ofthe common law and thestatutes
of Great Britain, passed anterior to 177G,all per-
sons who were in prison confined for indictable
offense, if no indictment was found against them,
should be released by order of the justices. Thaf
is the rule ofthe British law, and 1 presume that
no lawyer on this floor will gainsay it. To prove
that the common law and the statutes of Great
Britain, passed prior to 1776, extend to this Dis-
trict by virtue of the laws of Maryland having
 : by   ... . ^
been extended to it, I will read a part ofthe thud
article of the Bill of Rights of Maryland:
"That the inhabitant- o!" Maiyland are entitled to the
common law of England, and to trial by jury according to
the course of that law, and the benefit of such English
statutes as existed oil the 4th day of July, 1776."
Thus you see that, by virtue of the constitution
of Maryland, the common law and the statutes
aforesaid are extended over this District. The
act of Congress to which I have referred, passed
ill 1801, declares that the laws of Maryland then in
force shall be and continue in force in this Dis-
trict. Now let us see whether or not the law of
Great Britain, which I have shown is in force ill
this District, would give these persons the release
sought for in this bill". The-English statute passed
in the third year of Henry VII, (chapter three,)
requires the sli eriff to make a calendar of the pi is-
oners and the causes of their commitment:
" It seems clear that such justices have not only power
to di-charge such pri.-oners as upon theii trial shall be ac-
quitted, but also all such against whom, upon proclamation
made, no evidence shall appear to indict them."
That is the law as laid down in Hawkins's Pleas
i of the Crown, Hale's Pleas of the Crown, and
I also in Blackstone'sCommentaries. Itisunneces-
i sary to refer to the authorities at large, but I will
read asingle sentence from Blackstone 'sComment-
' aries. True, the statute of Henry VJI is not com-
mon law, but the statutes passed anterior to the
Revolution extend to this District by virtue of the
constitution of Maryland; and the books settle
that this same principle is part of the common
law. Says Mr. Blackstone:
■ • When the grand jury have heard tile evidence, if they
tllinK It a groundless ca^e,the\ used formerlyto mdoiseon
the back ol the bill, ijnm amus, oi we know nothing of It;
intimating that, though the facts might possibly be true,
       . their tiuth did not appear to them; hut now theyassert, in
have taken chisels and tools there, perhaps there j Bn lish, more absolutely,' not a true bill,' or which is a
i -l > • i : >1 hc.ttor mnnl. k not. fouiu}.'<1lld tl
would be some propriety in having the Senate
and House of Representatives make an order of
that kind.
■ better woid, ' not found.' and then the party is discharged
j without further answer."
| I will not trouble the Senate with reading au-
thorities to show that the same principle is em-
bodied in the common law, but it evidently is 'soi
as the authorities abundantly show. This biil
relates to peisons in the jail subject toindictment,
and says they shall be released whenever the grand
jury shall return a bill" not found" against them,
It was under the common law, and under the stat-
utes of England to which I have referred, the duty
of the justices, after the session of each grand
jury, to have a regular jail delivery, which was
common, as every lawyer on the floor kiK>wis,ni
the English courts.
Having very briefly, but I trust satisfactorily,
shown that the English law extends to prisoners
in this District,and that underitthey are entitled
to a release when the grand jury fails to indict
them, I will now show what has been the prac-
tice of the criminal court here. I have been fur-
nished copies of some of the orders made touch-
ing these matters by the criminal court in this
.District. At the close of each term in the English
courts we know that this matter of jail delivery
is a thing regularly gone through, and the persons
against whom no indictments are found are re-
leased, unless the king's attorney for some pur-
pose has them held over for further investigation.
I find that that has been very much the practice
in the criminal court of the District of Columbia.
On January 19, 1855, the following order was
made:
"Nos. 274 and 276, jail list, are ordered to be discharged
from the jail on the suggestion of the grand jury, if tliey are
detained for no other cause."
At the end of each term the court orders its clerk
to go over the jail list and make a memorandum
of all persons whose causes have been omitted by
the grand jury and not acted upon from accident
or any other reason: and upon such memorandum
it makes an order as follows, (tins is taken from
the records of the court, of April 16, 1861:)
" It appearing from the docket of the grand jury that no
action lias been had m the cases against the above-namedi
persons, it is oideied that they be discharged fioin jail, i£
they are detainW for no other cause."
Sa the Senator from Iowa, in my humble opin-
ion, was evidently mistaken when lie said there was
no law in this District requiring prisoners to be
discharged after the grand jury had failed to find in-
dictmentsagainsttlicin. i'ho kiwisabundaut*,and
if there has been any person who has languished in
this jail after the grand jury have had their sittings,
it has been, not the fault of the law, but the manner
of its execution. 1 thought it leally strange when
the Senator announced that there was no law; but
on investigation I find that the English law is
here, and that that is abundantly sufficient for all
the relief proposed by this bill; and I find that it
has been the practice of the courts here to make
jail deliveries, as is evident from the orders of the
court I have read to the Senate. If by accident,
or from other cause, a prisoner should not be le-
1 eased after the grand jury failed to find a true
bill against him, he could apply for a writ of ha-
beas corpus, and secure his release. The law then
being specific and clear that persons against whom
no indictments are found should be released with-
out further answer, as Blackstone says, that part
ofthe bill it is wholly unnecessary to pass. But
what will be the effect if this bill if it be passed?
After the adjournment of every term of the court,
every person held in this jail will be turned out
unless he is held there on 'final judgment. Itdoes
not matter whether he is committed for a felony
01- not. The effect will be that every fugitive slave
who may be lodged there will be turned out, and
I rather conjecture that that is the chief object of
the bill, because the law, as it now exists, is ample
for everv other purpose. The bill " hath this ex-
tent, no more." This, in my humble opinion, is
its object. If this be the sole object of the bill,
•why not proclaim in its title that it is a bill for the
liberation of fugitive slaves. That will undoubt-
edly be its effect. Now, under the law fugitive
slaves are lodged in the jail merely to be retained
there until their masters shall call for them. I be-
lieve that, under the statutes of Maryland, the
jailor must advertise them within twenty days
after committal; but I will not speak parttculaiiy
of that; the Senator from Maryland has spoken
of the laws of his own State touching that matter.
The effect of the bill cleaily will be to release
every fugitive slave from the jail, even though '> 
should be put there only two days before thei ad-
journmentof the grand jury. I appeal to feena-
