1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
that the power to legislate in all cases whatsoever
must necessarily embrace this, if this be a case of
legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend does not
maintain the position that in every case where
Congress mightchoose to legislate, and upon every
(subject, they could legislate in the District of Co-
lumbia. He will not maintain that it could estab-
lish an order of nobility here.
Mr. MORRILL. The Constitution prohibits
that.
Mr. DAVIS. So I say; and my argument is
based upon that idea, that where the prohibition
is either express, or results from conferring cer-
tain great personal rights on the citizen, in both
cases the restriction applies to the power of ex-
clusive legislation in the District of Columbia.
This was my proposition awhile ago, and I merely
repeat it here that I may be a little more distinct;
that as Congress is, in other words, expressly
prohibited from taking private property, except
for public use, and as private property cannot be
taken from the owner without due process of law,
and without making the owner compensation,
those two provisions taken together necessarily
restrict the exclusive power in the District so as
to prohibit it from emancipating the slaves here.
But, sir, I will proceed with my argument. Sup-
pose I am wrong, and that the gentleman is right
in relation to this matter, then I am opposed to
his bill upon other grounds. Even if Congress
has the power to emancipate slaves, I ask if that
is not taking from the owners of those slaves their
private property ? How is that private property
to be taken from them ? The Constitution pro-
vides that no citizen shall be compelled in any
criminal case to be a witness against himself,
"Nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor shall private propeity be taken l'or
public use without just compensation."
This is my position: that the Congress of the
United States have not the right to declare arbi-
trarily a mode, and arbitrarily a limit of price,
even if they have the power to emancipate slaves
in this District, by which these slaves will be
taken from their owners and manumitted. If the
slaves are taken for the purpose of being emanci-
pated, of being liberated, they must be taken by
due process of law. What is that due process of
law? It is this: justas a citizen's property of any
other class or description is taken from him for
any purpose of the Government, so is the negro
to be taken from his owner, even conceding that
Congress has the power to liberate him. You
must take that slave and you must have him ap-
praised judicially, and by a mode that is quasi
judicial; you must have a court to act ill the mat-
ter; you must have a court to summon a jury;
you must have a court to appoint commissioners,
and under the supervision and sanction of this
court, this matter of valuing the property in slaves
is to proceed, as it does in relation to any other
property of a citizen that may be taken by the
exercise of the power of Congress or of the Gen-
eral Government over him.
But, sir, I have another objection, and of a con-
stitutional character,to this bill. It is becoming
obsolete to quote the Constitution. The man who
docs it, and who throws himself within its pro-
visions for the protection of his or the citizen's
rights, is regarded as an old fogy. I know how
constitutional restrictions are scorned and defied
by dominant and ruling paities where they stand
ill the way of their party purposes. I have wit-
nessed that scene enacted in the other House again
and again; and it will be enacted as long as there
is a Constitution, and as long as there is a Con-
gress. It is deep in human nature, in the passions
of man, in his zeal, in the maimer in which his
reason and his judgment are beclouded and led
captive by his cherished purposes, and by the pas-
sions that inflame and give energy to him in pur-
suing those purposes. Every man who throws
himself upon a constitutional provision for the
purpose of claiming any protection to his slave
property or to the slave property of any part of
the country, is denounced and bitterly denounced
by the organs of a particular party. I know it to
be the fact; but even at the peril of this denun-
ciation I will endeavor to throw myself upon the
Constitution, and upon one of its provisions which
my honorable friend cannot controvert. It is con-
ceded by a provision of this bill as a condition
upon which these slaves are to be emancipated,
that those who have a claim on their service are
to be compensated. That right to their service is
a property. The Constitution recognizes it as a
property. The bill itself recognizes it as a prop-
erty. What is the provision of the Constitution
in relation to this property ? It is, that you shall
not deprive the citizen even of this right of prop-
erty, the right which he has, the claim which he
has, to the labor of his slave, without making him
compensation.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, I desire to say that I maintain, and
shall so argue, that Congress may liberate the
slaves without compensation, if it chooses, and
that the power of Congress is not to depend upon
the compensation in the bill. So far asthatgoes,
it is a matter of gratuity, if you choose so to con-
sider it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to my honorable
friend for his frankness; but in that position I
differ from him totally. I challenge the dominant
party of this Senate, and of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to pass a bill for the liberation of slaves,
and to submit it fairly and honestly to the de-
cision of the courts.
Mr. MORRILL. And perhaps I ought to say,
exactly on this point, that I shall contend in that
line of the argument, that it is in no constitutional
sense to be regarded as property, and therefore
we have the right to dissolve the relation when-
ever we choose.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the gentleman's posi-
tion would not be a frostwork in any independent
and intelligent court. It would not receive any
attention or any consideration whatever. Prop-
erty exists in slaves in this country as it does m
horses or lands. The courts have all decided it
to be so. The Supreme Court of the United States
has decided it to be so. But whatever the gen-
tleman's abstract opinions may be, his bill con-
cedes in effect, at least, that the owners of slaves
are entitled to compensation. He regards it as a
gratuity. I regard it as no such thing. I say they
are entitled to compensation, and to full compen-
sation. My honorable friend may earn a thou-
sand dollars,and he may invest it in land. I may
earn a thousand dollars, and may invest it, in my
State, in a slave. If the General Government re-
quires his lands for its use, it has to make com-
pensation for it. If the General Government re-
quires my slave for any purpose whatever, and
takes him from mo, even in the District of Colum-
bia, it is only upon the condition, according to
the Constitution and the law, that I am to receive
compensation for the slave. That is the differ-
ence between the honorable gentleman and my-
self. I now proceed upon the concession of this
bill on its face. It concedes that the owners of
slaves are entitled to have compensation for them
upon their liberation.
Now, sir, what isfthat provision of the Consti-
tution ? As I understand it, not that they shall
have compensation, but that they shall have a full
and a fair compensation. What is the compen-
sation that this bill provides for the owners of
slaves ? It requires that all the slaves in the Dis-
trict shall be valued by commissioners, and at no
greater price than an aggregate of $300 per head.
Well, sir, slaves are at every variety of value,
from nothingat all to the highest value of a slave.
How is the sum to be proportioned ? I think the
bill is a little too obscure on that point; but I am
not disposed to make a question about it. But it
establishes the principle that all the owners of
slaves in the District of Columbia shall receive
compensation only at the average price of §300.
I say that that is not full compensation. I say it
is only half compensation; or was before these
war times. If the slaves of this District, old and
young, healthy and dccrepid, of every class and
grade, had been putin the market eighteen months
ago they would have averaged a sum of something
like six hundred dollars per head; and the same
remark is true of my own State. What does the
gentleman do? It is very kind to the slavehold-
ers, on his principle and his understanding of con-
stitutional law, to allow them to receive half of
the loaf, because the old proverb is that half a loaf
is better than no bread. But, sir, whenever you
liberate a slave on that principle, and arbitrarily
regulate the maximum value, and that maximum
value is only one half of the average price, you
are guilty of a violation of the Constitution, ac-
cording to my construction of the instrument,
which requires you to make compensation to the
owner of the slave for his property. Whenever
you presume to emancipate slaves on that princi-
ple, you make such a palpable and plain violation
of the Constitution itself that the courts of the
country would decide that your act of liberation
was null, and they would not only refuse to carry
it into effect, but would enjoin the execution of it.
You have a liorse that is worth $100. An Army
officer takes it and offers to give you fifty dollars
for it. You have a right to refuse it. You have
a claim upon your Government for the value of
the horse. You may not have the right of suit to
enforce your rightto the full value of the horse, but
a just Government that would protect its citizens
equally would make to you that compensation. I
say that precisely the same measure of compen-
sation that you, sir, or any other citizen would be
entitled to for your horse taken for public use, the
owner of a slave is entitled to, if Congress, under
the power of exclusive legislation in this District,
has authority to take that slave, and will take him
and manumit him.
Gentlemen who believe that property does not
and cannot exist in slaves, who believe that Con-
gress have the power to manumit slaves without
making compensation for them, may act upon the
principle of my honorable friend; but they who
believe that slaves are property and that slaves
cannot be taken from their owners, any more than
any other property without making proper com-
pensation to their owners, ought, in my judgment,
to vote for a bill with provisions to have the value
of each slave fairly ascertained by proceedings in
courts or quasi judicial proceedings. If the prin-
ciple that property does not and cannot exist in
slaves is the principle upon which the legislation
of Congress is to proceed, where will it lead us to ?
But, Mr. President, I will proceed with the ar-
gument. There is a very different spirit and there
are very different purposes now in the dominant
party in relation to slavery, to what were declared
a few months ago. If the present policy in rela-
tion to slavery had been declared before or imme-
diately after the battle of Bull Run, what now
would be the condition of this Government and
of your Army? I do not know the state of pub-
lic sentiment, either generally or restiictedly, in
the army of the Potomac. I understand, though,
that there are emissaries busily engaged in that
army disseminating abolition principles. In the
West, I know that the great mass of the army be-
lieve that the owners of slaves are entitled to pay
for their property. 1 know the great army of the
West are not engaged in any crusade against sla-
very; and if such acrusade as has been fulminated
against that institution from the two Houses of
Congress at the present session had been honestly
outspoken after the battle of Bull Run, you never
would have got one fourth of the hardy, brave,
true, and just men of the West, that are now in
your armies, to enlist in any such crusade—never.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether his remark applies
to this particular bill or to a general policy ?
Mr. DAVIS. The general policy.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I have nothing to say.
Mr. DAVIS. In relation to this particular bill,
I will make a few other remarks. The people of
this District are not free. They are not as free
as you want to make their slaves. What right
of self-government have the people of this Dis-
trict? The Government of the United States, and
of the States is a complex system. You never
could have had a consolidated Governmentin such
an extensive country as this. There is ho com-
mon Legislature that could legislate wisely and
safely, and to the satisfaction of the people in
all the concerns of property, society, and govern-
ment, that are embraced in this vast nation of
ours. How was that difficulty sought to be obvi-
ated? By claiming for the Geneial Govern merit
a few general but some of the highest powers of
legislative and political sovereignty—the power to
regulate all the relations and all the concerns be-
tween the United States as a nation and foreign
States or nations, anil the right to regulate all the
relations between the different States as States
among themselves, and the relations between the
United States and the Indian tribes. My honor-
able friend, I am certain, will concede that the
Government of the United States is a limited Gov-
ernment; that it has no powers except what are
expressly conferred upon it by the Constitution
