2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Britain would then be willing to restore the property, or to
indemnify the sufferers by its loss. ffshe felt bound to
make good the piomiscs of her officers to the slaves, '•lie
might still be willing to do an act of justice, by compensa-
ting the owners of the slaves lor the property which had
been irregularly taken from them. Without enteung into
a discussion, which might have been at once unprofitable
and irritating, she might consider this engagement only as
a promise to* pay to the ovyners of the slaves the value of
those of them which might be carried away. Lord JLiver-
pool manifested no dissatisfaction at these remarks, nor did
he attempt to justify the proclamation to which X particu-
larly alluded."
Mr. Adams reasserted the same doctrine re-
specting the'ctipture of private property on land
in his note to Viscount Castleteagh:
"Merchant vessels and effects captured on the high seas
are, by the laws of war between civilized nation?, lawful
prize, and, by the capture, become the property of the cap-
tors. It was never asserted by the Aincucan Government
that the stipulation in question could mean that, in evacu-
ating the.places taken, within theteriitorial jurisdiction of
either party, the other should be precluded from carrying
away his own property. jButa^, by the same usages of civ-
ilized. nations, private property is not the subject of lawful
capture in war upon the land, it is perfectly clear that, in
every stipulation, private property shall be respected, or
that, upon the ic^toration of places taken duiing the war,
it shall not be carried away; the meaning of the expres-
sions is defined by the subject-matter to winch they relate,
and exteuds only to the pioperty of the party from whom
the place was taken, or of persons under his allegiance,"
The same doctrine, that private property of all
kinds is not subject to capture, is repeated and re-
asserted in the same letter.
It will be recollected that, in the treaty of 1814,
by which peace was restored between the United
States and Great Britain, provision was made that
slaves and private property which were captured
should be restored to the owners of it. This res-
titution became the subject-matter of negotiation
for years, and it was never settled until it was
submitted to the umpirage of the Czar of Russia,
although in the correspondence which took place
between our minister and tiie minister for foreign
affairs of the British Government, it was not de-
nied that private property upon shore is not sub-
ject to capture. There are cast's excepted besides
those I have mentioned.
Now, what is the effect of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain in 1814? It
is the recognition of the law for which I contend.
So it was in the treaty of peace of 1783; there was
a recognition of the doctrine for winch I contend,
that private property ashore and debts, are not
liable to seizure or confiscation by the enemy.
This Government twice, in its intercourse with
foreign nations, has recognized the principle for
which I contend, that private properly on land is
not liable to confiscation by the enemy.
In the prosecution of the war against Mexico,
it is desirable to know if we departed from the
principles the Government had maintained from
Us foundation to that time. But before the atten-
tion ofthc llousn shall be called to the instructions
given by the President to thr genouiis in command
of our armies in Mexico, I will road an extract
from the speech of Hon. William L. Dayton, an
eminent jurist, then a Senator from the State of
New Jersey, and now the minister of the United
States at the Court, of St. Cloud. During the pros-
ecution of the war with Mexico, Mr. Polk, then
President, recommended that the office of Lieu-
tenant General of the Army be created. A bill
for this purpose passed the Mouse, but was- de-
feated in the Senate, it was generally understood
that if the bill had become a law, Colonel Benton,
then a Senator from Missouri, would have received
the appointment of Lieutenant General. Coloirel
Benton had presented to the President a plan of a
campaign. After the defeat of the bill, Colonel
Benton, in a speech made m the Senate, referred
to his plan of campaign, but did notmake it pub-
lic. He, however, mentioned that his plan of cam-
paign looked to the support and maintenance of
the Army from the enemy's property, lie referred
to levying contubutions on the enemy as a means
of obtaining supplies for the Army. The poits of
Mexico in our possession were to be opened to i
trade and commerce to all nations, except in con-- :
traband articles. Moderate duties on the goods, I
as well as tonnage duties on the vessels, were to [
be levied and collected. These duties were to be j
applied to the suppoit of the Army-in addition to !
the military contubutions. 1
Mr. Dayton, in a speech on the conduct of the
war with Mexico, after denouncing the system of !
privateering, remarks: j
 c WoJiave witnessed va>t improvements both iu our mu- I
nicipal and national codes. The rules of civiiized warfare
now protect puvate property on land from all depredation
of even a regularly appointed army. The merchant's cargo
ashore is safe; afloat, it is liable to seizure and confisca-
tion. His store-house is unharmed, while his store-ship is
taken or destroyed. He tiaveis one kind of highway in
safety, while he is plundered on another. The jealous
nvahy of commerce, not content with producing this, act-
ually increases the hazards of the sea vastly, by adding to
the ordinary dangers of war the dangers of privateering.
If any difference be allowed in the hazards of pioperty on
land and sea, it should be in lavor of, and not against, the
hitter. Commerce is the medium of intercourse between
nations—the humanizing agent of man Kind, melting creeds
and nations into one."—appendix to Congressional Globe,
second session, Twenty-Ninth Congress, p. 198.
This rebellion has grown into a civil war more
formidable than any one probably expected. In
the conduct of the war, 1 can perceive no other
course to pursue except to conduct the war accord-
ing to the rules of civilized warfare. The same
rules we should apply to a foreign enemy ought
to be applied to the domestic enemy. The war
has for a part of the time been conducted in this
manner. We are frequently sending and receiv-
ing flags of truce. We are exchanging prisoners.
But it must also be borne in mind that all those
who have levied-—that is, made—waragainst this
Government, and their aiders and abettors, are
guilty of treason and liable to be punished as trai-
tors. With this exception, 1 see no difference to
be observed in the management of this war from
that which is to be observed in the prosecution of
a war against a foreign nation. If there is any
difference, I wish that difference to be indicated,
pointed out, that we may know it. if I am right
in this position, why shall we seek to wage this war
in a manner not authorized by international law,
but expressly forbidden by it? The maritime na-
tions are now seeking to mitigate the severity of
the laws of war on the ocean. Attempts have been
made to abolish predatory warfare, privateering,
on the ocean. By some nations it has been abol-
ished. Do any of you desire to prosecute this war
in a more rigorous manner against citizens of the
United States than you would prosecute a war
against the subjects of a foreign nation ?
During the Mexican war, instructions were
given by Mr. Marcy, then Secretary of War, to
the commanders of our armies for the procure-
ment of supplies for the use of the Army in the
enemy's country. Those instructions are, I think,
founded on international law. The first instruc-
tions required our commanders to respect private
pioperty, and to abstain from appropriating it to
public use without purchase at a fair price. The
next instructions directed that" an invading army
has the unquestionable right to draw Us supplies
from the enemy without paying for them, and to
require contributions for its support, "and directed
the general to obtain his supplies by purchase or
by contributions.
The next instructions were given by the Sec-
retary of War on the 3d April, 1847. The con-
tributions referred to in the extract from his in-
structions which I shall read, were the duties upon
merchandise and on the tonnage of vessels which
were ordered to be collected on merchandise and
vessels entering the Mexican ports in our posses-
sion, and those ports had been opened to the in-
troduction of merchandise not contraband:
The contributions referred to in the foregoing instruc-
tions arc not all those which it may be proper to levy upon
the enemy. Ihe Mexicans peisist in ptotiaeting the
war, it is expected that, m the further prosecution of it,
you will exeicise all the acknowledged right* of abdhger-
ent, for the purpose of shifting the burden of it fiom our-
selves upon iliem. The views ot the Government, in tins
le-jpcet, were ptcsented to Genersil Taylor in ;i dispatch
fioni thi-s Department the 2*M September li?4f>, a copy
ot winch, so iar as relates to this sublet, is herewith sent
to you, with the direction that these views may be cariied
out under a discretion similar to that given to bun. The
enemy should he made to realize that'tbeie are other in-
duc fluents to make them desire pe.iee, besides the loss of
bailie's and the burden of their own mil itaiy establishments.
The light of an annv, operating in an enemy's country, to
I &euc supplies, to forage, and tooccupysnch buildings, pu-
vate well as public, as may be required for quaiteis, hos-
pitals, store-houses, and other military purposes, without
compensation therefor, cannot be questioned ; and it is ex-
pected that you will not foieao the exeicne of tins right to
any extent compatible with the interest of the seiviec in
winch you ate engaged,'1
The instructions previously given to General
Tuylorwcre, to pursue one of three courses: first,
to purchase supplies upon such terms as the in-
habitants mighi choose to exact; second, to pay
a lair price for them without regard to the en-
hanced value given to them in consequence of the
presence of a large army; or, third, to require them
as contribution without paying or engaging to pay
therefor.
By the last instructions, the President of the
United States directed that, in the prosecution of
this war with Mexico, we might levy contribu-
tions, might take such supplies as were needed for
the support and maintenance of the Army, and
that we might occupy such buildings, public or
private, as were necessary and convenient for the
Army. Tins was the extent of our rights as to
belligerents in taking private property.
I submit that such is the law now, and I know
that in some portions of the country the military
commanders have been governed by it. 1 know
that portions of the Army of the United States
have been partly supported by provisions seized
from the enemy, and applied to feeding and sup-
porting the troops engaged in fightingthe battles
of the country. I know that forage and other sup-
plies have been seized, without compensation to
disloyal citizens, and have been appropriated to
the support of armies in motion. I know that
buildings, public ami private, have bepn occupied
forthesafe-keepingof military stores and supplies,
and for the comfortand convenience of the Army,
and no compensation has been made to persons
whose buildings have been so occupied when those
persons were in arms against this Government.
This is the right way to wage this war. I have
no scruples about our armies drawing supplies
from the enemy's country and from disloyal citi-
zens, because that is the law of nations, and the
law which governs belligerents.
I now submit, whether, in this exigency of pub-
licaffairs, we shall make anew rule of international
law? 1 desire to inquire whether we are willing
to adopt, and place upon our statute-book,a rule
of international law which we may find applied to
us, should we unfortunately be engaged m a war
with a foreign nation? Suppose Great Britain
should declare war against us, and should march
an army across the Canadian frontier, or should
land an army at one of our sea-ports, and this bill
shall be found as a law on our statute-book, might
not the commander of that army well say," by that
law we will be governed, and we will levy contri-
butions from you,and seize all movable property
upon land, notwithstanding it is contrary to the
law of nations as we have recognized such law;
but as you have given that construction to the law
of nations, as you have recognized it as a just rule
of law, we will apply it to you." Could we com-
plain ? Would we have any right to complain to
the British Government that the private property
of citizens has been seized, not to be applied to
public use, but captured as our slaves were cap-
tured along the coasts of Virginia and Georgia—
captured as booty and plunder—and sent to the
West India Islands and sold, and the proceeds
placed in the pockets of the captor, and a very
small portion of it only into the British exchequer.
It becomes us, then, to examine this question
divested of all feeling; not to consider it a mere
question of a rule of action for a day, but as a rule
which we are to inscribe upon our statute-book,
by which we are willing to be governed in our in-
tercom so with the civilized nations of the earth.
In that light I regard these bills; in that light I
resist them; because I believe they are not author-
ized by the Constitution, nor are they in accord-
ance with the laws of nations, and because I be-
lieve the principles contained are dangerous to our
country.
I was surprised to hear the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] when he opened this de-
bate, speak of the expectation of deriving revenue
from the sale of this propeity, in the event that
tins bill should pass and bocome a law. Where
is the property to be sold ? It is to be sold in the
districts wherein it is condemned. Sold to whom,
and amongst whom? It will necessarily be some
time before you can get a decree of the court
against the property, and by the time that is done
your army will have passed beyond the place
where the sale is to be made. The property is to
be sold, and to whom? To those who are the
neighbois of the man whose property has been
seized; and although they have feelings of animos-
ity towards each other, growing out of this rebel-
lion, though a portion of them are Union men and
a poition tiaitors, nevertheless, every man of a
kind and benevolent heart feels, when all a man's
property is taken from him, is seized and con-
demned to be sold, that there arc still some ties of
