1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
neighborl y friendship toward the traitor 5s wife and
children, and will not take the property from them.
We will get no revenue from this property; none
whatever, not even enough to cover the expenses
of the cost of condemnation. So it will be when
we authorize our marshals to drive up the horses,
the mules, the cattle, and to seize the crops upon
a man's farm, not to feed our Army, as I under-
stand—a thing which I contend we have the right
to do—but for the purpose of sale and confiscation.
We may say the same in relation to the sale of
real estate. Can we derive revenue from that?
Perhaps wo may. Who is going to attend those
sales? Our proceedings are to be analogous to
those in courts of admiralty. We are to sell upon
notice; but those notices cannot be given, Mr.
Speaker, m your State or mine, distant from the
place of sale, and therefore you and I and our con-
stituents will not attend those sales to purchase
the plantations which the marshal shall offer for
sale. Competition will be among those only who
live in the vicinity, and therefore we will derive
no revenue therefrom.
I ask, furthermore, whether this proposition
will aid in suppressing the rebellion ? This levy-
ing of onerous contributions and their exaction
in a harsh and cruel manner, as was done by the
French army in the Peninsular war, gave great
dissatisfaction to the inhabitants, and aided in the
expulsion of the French army.
The Duke of Wellington said of that system
of the French armies:
" It irf our be?t fnend, and will, in the cnd,biing the con-
test 10 a conclusion."
The rigorous exactions of the French armies
drove many of the inhabitants into the ranks of
the guerrilla panics. May not these confiscation
bills produce the same result in this country ? Let
us reflect and endeavor to ascertain whether the
seizure and confiscation of all a man's estate who
is disloyal is likely to make him loyal.
The exercise even of this rightful power to seize
property for the support and maintenance of the
Army, has actually created dissatisfaction and dis-
content among loyal men of this nation m certain
localities. I have known families stripped of their
property by military commanders, and a long time
elapsed before they could get any compensation
for it. Such acts have the tendency to weaken
men's attachment towards this Union. What
was the effect of General Fremont's proclamation
m Missouri, declaring the emancipation of the
slaves of rebels? It rallied to the standard of Price
ten thousand men m less than two weeks. The
secessionists charged that it was the intention of
the Administration to emancipate all the slaves in
the nation, and that, eventually, the ncgio was
to be placed on an equality with the while man.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, sir, I will
give way to the gentleman, if the House will al-
low me a little longer time than my hour, I am
endeavonng to discuss the question before the
House. I mean no offense to any one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can make no such
arrangement.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman will not
yield to inteiruptions m the hope of having his
time extended, for I think it ought not to be done.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then the gentle-
man from Indiana must excuse me.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope the time of the
gentleman from Missouri will be extended. We
have been talking here while he has been in the
field, and 1 think it ought to be done.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent, and objection is made.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I said that the
proclamation of Geneial Fremont, proclaiming
emancipation to the slaves of rebels m the State
of Missouri, did cause men who, up to that mo-
ment, had been loyal, to ilock to the standard of
Price. I know that the proclamation was printed
by the rebel press of the State, and svas circulated
among the people wherever the rebel emissaries
could reach, and I know very well that when the
President modification of that proclamation made
its appearance in St. Louis, it was an impossibil-
ity to get it within the lmes of the rebel army, and
it never went there. I met men dating the last
winter who had been in arms agamsr the Grov-
tcrnmcnt of the United States, and when I told
them in what manner the proclamation of Fremont
had been modified—and they were intelfigentmen
—they told me they had never had any knowledge
of it, and that if they had been aware of it, if they
had not believed that it was the intention of this
Administration to free all the negroes in the Uni-
ted States who are now slaves, they never could
have taken up arms against the Government.
Some gentlemen believe, and I have heard it
asserted here, that slavery is the foundation of this
rebellion. I tell you it is not. I tell you it is the
misguided ambition of a few bad men, who have
been sowing the seeds of disunion in this country
from 1830 to the present time. It was a school of
politicians whose seat was in the State of South
Carolina,and theyhavespread themselves through-
out the southern portion of the country, infusing
their traitorous and rebellious doctrines in every
portion of the community, making converts where
ever they could to the doctrine that a State has a
right to dissolve the bonds that bind it to this Con-
federacy, and assert and maintain its independ-
ence. My colleague, [Mr. Blair,] in the speech
which he made not long since upon this floor, was
right when he advanced the opinion that the slave-
holders were the last men to yield to this rebel-
lion; and that, as a general rule, at the inception
of thisrebeihon,tlieslaveholders were notarrayed
against the Government of the United States; but,
on the contrary, desired to preserve and perpetu-
ate this Union. I subscribe, from my own knowl-
edge, to everything which ho said upon that point.
I knosv that ltwasso. I known from men m my
own State who have been in the rebel army. I
know it from declarations which have been made
to me by citizens of the State of Arkansas, who
have told me what their views and opinions are
in reference to the rebellion. I have been told by
them that men who were born north of Mason
and Dixon's line, and who had only been there a
short time, were m nine cases out of ten the most
violent and rabid secessionists in the community,
and especialiyif theydid notown negroes. Why,
sir, the first military company that I saw march-
ing m the neighborhood of the town near which
I reside—and it was before active hostilities had
bioken out in the State of Missouri—was com-
manded by a native of the State of Vermont, who
had been a candidate for constable on the Repub-
lican ticket in the State of Iowa only two years
before. He did not own a negro, and yet he was
in command of a company in the State of Mis-
souii; and had marched eighty or ninety milesfor
the purpose of endeavoiing to preserve some of
the powder which Governor Jackson was diffus-
ing throughout the State to be used by his friends
when the time for the rebellion to break out should
airive. lie was a northern man and owned no
negroes, and yet he started out for the purpose of
protecting my property and the property of other
slaveholders in the State of Missouii fpom any
peril in which it might be placed by the acts of
the present Administration. 1, sir, never had any
fear upon that score. 1 believed that the Govern-
ment of the United States would protect me and
protect my property. I wanted not to sunder the
bonds which bind us as one great and mighty
nation, but to preserve and maintain them.
But again: in my own State, in the State con-
vention which assembled in November last, a
proposition came up to confiscate the property of
those who were disloyal to our State government,
and that proposition was voted down by a large
majority. 1 refer to these things because they
have come under my own observation in my own
State, which has been devastated by the tread of
rebel armies. We have been despoiled of our prop-
erty, and many of us have been driven from our
homes, and have been unable to return to thorn
until we could march with an armed force for the
purpose of taking possession of the homes which
tire d**ar to us, and of which we had been deprived
by the traitors.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to discuss this ques-
tion in another point of view. I hold the rule of
international law to be this: that the commander
of an army on its march through the enemy's
country lias a right to take such private property
as may be neccs&ary for the support and mainte-
nance of his army, and there is no distinction in
the law between slaves and other personal prop-
erty. I have not been speaking of slaves as per- j
sons. I am speaking of them as property, for i
they aie regatded, as you all know, in two lights
—as property and persons. There is no doubt 1
the commanderpf an army has a right to take the-
slaves of any disloyal citizen or loyal eitizen, if
it be necessary for the purpose of driving teams*
or performing any other service in which he may
desire to employ them, to work upon intrench-
ments, or to aid in the construction of fortSj.there-
byrelieving the soldier, who has business^caough
to perform on the march and in fighting- tie en-
emy; and when the slaves are no longer wanted*
he must dispose of them precisely as Tie may dis*<
pose of any other property which may be in the*
possession of the army, and which he no longer
requires for the public "use. He must do as he does
if he has too many wagons, or horses, or mules
with his army. If he shall have too manyslaves
within his lines, he may dispose of them by return-
ing them to their owners, or having a public ven-
due and selling them to the highest bidder for cash.
That is the law; I do not claim its enforcement, but
I am speaking of international law and its appli-
cation to a state of war.
But emancipation, as a part of the policy is pro-
posed, for the second of the bills under consider-
ation provides that the slaves of all those who
may be engaged in the rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall be ipso facto
free, and shall be at liberty to assert their right to
freedom. There are four millions.of slaves in the
United States. I adverted to the fact the other
day, that the State governments of tlie States
winch have scccded were in the hands of rebels;
that there were rebel Governors, rebel judges, and
rebel legislatures; and that a reign of terror ex-
isted in every one of those States. Not one of
those States was willing to submit its ordinance of
secession to the vote of the qualified voters, and
not one of them has done so; but, on the con-
trary, a few men of activity and energy determ-
ined to seize upon the authority of the States, and
having the Governors and legislatures on their
side—and the Governors of most of the States
having the power to appoint all the military of-
ficeis of the State above the rank of captain—they
felt that they were secure in whatever attempt
they might make to establish independence or
effect the severance of their States from the Union.
Hence it was that the loyal men were compelled
to succumb. They submitted, not because they
desired to do so, but because they feared the con-
sequences of refusal. A citizen of Arkansas, with
whom I was well acquainted, was seized and ear-
ned fifty miles from his family, and held as a pris-
onei for two or three weeks, because he enter-
tained some Union officers m the expedition to
Fayotteville. I enjoyed his hospitality, and was
appiehcnsive that it would bring him into trouble.
He had the same apprehension himself, and con-
templated leaving with the army and seeking
safety in Missouri.
Tnousands of such instances might be pre-
sented—instances of Union men being shot down
like dogs in the State of Tennessee, the State of
Missouri, and the State of Arkansas,  and some-
times not even allowed the death which the sol-
dier prefers—death by the bullet—but publicly
suspended to a tree, because they were loyal to
their Government. The non-slaveholder in the
southern States is the most violent traitor and re-
bel. They say that they fear negro equality; that
they fear that the emancipated negro is to be
placed on an equality with them. In the South
there is no distinction but that of color. Let a
man there conduct himself properly, and he is
treated as a gentleman, whether he be slaveholder
or non-slaveholder, rich or poor. Hence the feel-
ing of non-slaveholders, lest they should be de-
graded by the elevation of the negro. Hence it
is that they are violent secessionists, and that they
rushed into the rebel army, and now compose the
rank and file of the army that is fighting against
the Republic. .
Now, what are you going to do with the four
millions of slaves in the United States? Suppose
that two or throe millions of them should be eman-
cipated underthis bill, what is to become of them ?
You turn helpless children and superannuated per-
sons out of house and home, and say " let them
remain where they arc." Now, I desire to call
attention to the legislation of southern States on
this subject. No slave can be emancipated in the
several slaveholdmg States of the Union, unless
he is taken without us limits. There is another
law on then statute-books, that no free negro can
be introduced into those States. It is said that
