1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13S7
itself, or such as are necessary and proper to
carry out the powers that are expressly dele-
gated—
•' The powers not delegated by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the people."
I imagine that that is an authority conclusive
on this point and one which cannot be disputed by
my honorable friend or any other gentleman. The
Government of the United States, then, is a Gov-
ernment of limited powers. Within the scope of
these powers, I admit, it is supreme, and that all
Slate governments and authorities are subordinate
to it; but there is in the vast domain of legislation
in this country a great variety of domestic and
local political powers that are not vested and were
never intended to be vested by the framers of the
Constitution in the General Government. I lay
down this further proposition in relation to those
reserved powers: they are as much the right of the
States, of the people of the States, and of the State
governments, as the power to declare war, to coin
money, and to regulate commerce are rights that
belong to the Government of the United States.
What is this war waged for by the Government
of the United States? It was commenced by the
secedcd States in violation of the Constitution.
They are insurgents and rebels. They ought to
be put down and I trust will be put down, because
they have infringed upon the Constitution of the
nation and the powers of the Genera! Government.
But let me put this question to my honorable friend:
Suppose the General Government should infringe
upon the proper State domain of legislation or of
political power; suppose the General Government
should pass laws outside of the pale of the Con-
stitution, for which it had no warrant in that in-
strument, and which laws violated the rights of
the States or of the people of the Stales: would not
the people of the States have the right to resist
even by armed force such unconstitutional legis-
lation of Congress ?
Mr. HOWARD. The courts are to judge.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, that I admit; but I was
putting a case aboutwhich there could bo no con-
troversy. The very ground upon which this war
is prosecuted by the General Government against
the insurgent States, and the people of the insur-
gent States is, that they have violated the Consti-
tution of the United States. That is a true and
legitimate ground, and upon that ground it is the
duty of the General Government to prosecute this
war. If the General Government transcends the
scope of its limited powers and passes laws with-
out the sanction of the Constitution that infringe
the rights of the States, the power to decide m
this conflict of opinion, I admit, is in the courts
of the United States; but before the decision by
the courts, in the absence of that decision, have
not the people and the States themselves the right,
upon their own responsibility, to judge the ques-
tion, and to resist unconstitutional laws?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question on this point of
his argument?
Mr. DAVJS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. In what respect does his
present position dilTer from the claim of the right
of nullification or secession—the South Carolina
doctrine ?
Mr. DAVIS. In this, if my friend will permit
me: whenever a question of right on the part of
the States, or of the people of the States, and of
power on the part of the General Government is
submitted to the courts of the United States, their
decision must be submitted to.
Mr. HOWARD. My friend will pardon me.
1 understood lnm to announce that before a de-
cision should be made 111 such a case as the one
he put, or in the abscnce of such judicial decision,
it would be the right of the States or the Legisla-
tures of the States to take the remedy into their
own hands.
Mr. DAVIS. To this extent: I say they at-
tempt a remedy at their own peril.
Mr. HOWARD. Then that is the right of rev-
olution.
Mr. DAVIS. No. If they are right, and the
couits sustain them, of course they will be sanc-
tionf d by the proper authoiity of the General Gov-
ernment; but if they are wrong, and the courts
decide against their position and their action, they
will have to submit to the judgment of the courts
and to the principles laid down by the courts.
That is the general and the admitted doctrine.
Gentlemen have asked me so many questions that
they really bother me a little. I will trim my
sails and get under way again, if I can.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator's pardon
for having interrupted him.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not object tothe questions
further than that they disconcert me a little. The
General Government is a Government of limited
powers; so far as the Constitution has delegated
to it powers expressly, or so far as powers are
necessary as incidental and subsidiary powers to
carry the expressly delegated powers into effect,
the General Government has all power within
that scope. Beyond that limit the General Gov-
ernment has no power whatever; and my general
proposition is that if the General Government
transgresses this limit and infringes upon rights
that are reserved to the States, that belong to the
States or to the people of the States, the General
Government is as much a usurper and a wrong-
doer in relation to those acts of trespass as the
confederate government now is a wrong-doer;
and that proposition cannot be controverted, I
think, by sound logic.
At this point, letmeinquire whatexpress power
delegated to the General Government by the Con-
stitution of the United States, is required to be
carried into effect and operation by the liberation
of slaves. You take property for the use of the
General Government, because of its fitness and
capabilities to be applied to some purpose or op-
eration of the Government. You do not propose
to make any such application of the slaves. You
do not propose to use them at all. You do not
propose to employ them in the business of the
General Government. The other position upon
which I plant myself is, that every slaveowner
in this District has a property in his slave; and
before that property can be taken by Congress,
even under the clause which gives it exclusive
power of legislation over the District of Columbia,
the owner is entitled to have full compensation for
his slave; and your bill proposes to give but half.
The bill will work great injustice in this District;
and there is a particular case of a lady, who ap-
plied to me in relation to this bill a few days ago,
that illustrates it very forcibly. She is a Mrs.
Beall, of this city—a lady of about forty-eight
years of age, as she told me—in very feeble health,
having agoitre—the largest I ever saw—and a dis-
eased heart. Her husband died a few years ago,
insolvent, but possessed of some real estate. She
claimed her right of dower, as the law gave her
a right to claim, in that real estate, and from that
source the good lady realized a sum that enabled
her to purchase five slaves, and some small amount
of household property. She informs me that one
of her slaves she hires to Mr. Carlisle, of this city,
at twenty dollars per month. The hire of that
slave, then, produces her $240 a year. A negro
girl she lures as a nurse at some infirmary at six
dollars a week. That slave would yield her $312
a year at that rate. She has a negro woman, a
seamstress, that she hires at eight dollars a month.
That slave would produce her, at that rate of hiie,
ninety-six dollars a year. She has a house ser-
vant, who is now sick, that she hires when he is
well at twelve dollars a month. That slave would
produce her $144 a year. She has a negro woman
who is a cook, and whom she hires also as a nurse
in some hospital or infirmary occasionally, at the
rate of six dollars a week. That slave, then,
would produce her at the rate of §300 a year.
Here are five slaves that would produce that good
lady eight or nine hundred dollars per year; and
this bill proposes to take them from her by giving
her something like that amount of compensation.
She is a woman of intellect, of cultivation, of lady-
like manners, whose condition makes her as just
a subject of sympathy as any negro that lives on
the face of God's earth. Her husband died and
left her three children—a son and two daughters.
The son was casually drowned. The elder daugh-
ter is now nineteen years of age. She was at-
tacked with scarlet fever, which fell upon her eyes
and produced partial blindness, and has prevented
her from receiving any education, and the other
child is now m her tender girlhood, about nine
yeais of age, to be raised and educated. This is
but one of the hundieds of such cases that will
occur in this city. Now, sir, you propose to take
from that woman these valuable slaves, yielding
her such an annual revenue. They would have
brought her an average of a thousand or twelve
hundred dollars each before these troubles com-
menced. Is she to be deprived of that property
for the pittance that is proposed in this bill, ana
to be turned out with her helpless children in her
condition of health, when she is no longer able to
labor for a livelihood, upon the cold charities of
the world; and all that, in the name of human-
ity ? Sir, the men who remove these slaves from
their plentiful and contented home will outrage
humanity and benevolence by the act. They will
place them in a condition where they will not have
the comforts and happiness they now have.
But, sir, a new party has come into power.
Your leader and your chief is an honest and true
hearted man. He published to the nation his
opinions in relation to this subject before his can-
didacy, and I will read some of those opinions as
expressed in his speeches. I will first read an
extract from Mr. Lincoln's speech at Gtuincy,
Illinois, to be found at page 197 of Follett and
Foster's edition of Political Debates—a speech
made during his canvass for the Senate with Mr.
Douglas. It shows that consistency and good
faith should restrain the party in power from vio-
lating principles, the profession of which gave
them power:
" I suppose that in reference both tothe actual existence
of slavery in the nation and to our constitutional obliga-
tions, we have no right at all to disturb it in the States where
it exists, and wc profess that we have no more inclination
to disturb it than we have the right to do it. We go further
than that; we do not propose to disturb it where, in one
instance, we thmk the Constitution would peimit us. "VVe
think the Constitution would permit us to disturb it in the
Distnet of Columbia. Still we do not propose to do that,
unless it should be on terms which I do not suppose the
nation is very likely soon to agree to—the terms of making
the emancipation gradual and compensating the unwilling
owners. VVheie we suppo.se we have the constitutional
right, we restrain ourselves in leference to the actual exist-
ence of the institution and the difficulties thrown about it."
If his followers in this and the other House
would have the justice and the humanity and the
manliness to occupy, and continue to occupy, the
positions upon which ho was elected, it would be
better for them and for the country. Such were
the professions upon which you got into power.
Such were the principles and the declarations of
yourchief. Such was his platform. You are now
about to violate that position. As late as Febru-
ary 27, 1860, in New York, Mr. Lincoln claimed
the Republican party to be conservative in con-
tradistinction to tfte Democratic party. He said:
" We, I'epublicans, stick to, contend for, the identical
old policy on the slavery question which was adopted by
our fatheis, who formed the Government under which
we live; while the Democrats, with one accord, reject and
scout and spit upon that old policy, and insist upon substi-
tuting something new."
The continuation of slavery in this District was
a part of the old policy of the fathers who formed
our Government. In the compromise measures
of 1850, the subject of slavery in the District of
Columbia was provided for, and the provision
then made was intended to be a finality. It was
so proclaimed by the Democratic convention and
by the Whig convention that met soon afterwards
m the city of Baltimore.
But, sir, I will read a little further in connection
with this subject. On the 11th of February, 1861,
Mr. Palmer offered in the House of Representa-
tives these resolutions:
" Resohcd, That the Federal Government, nor the people
or governments of the non-slavcholdmg State?, have a pur-
pose or a constitutional right to legislate upon or interfere
with slavery in any of the States of the Union.
'• Resolved, That those persons in the Noith who do not
siib^ciihc tothe foiegoingpropo^itions are too insignificant
in number or influence to excite the senous attention or
alarm of any ponton of the people of the Republic, and that
the increase of their numbeis and influence does not keep
pace with the aggregate population of the Union."
A division of the question was called for, and
the vote taken on the first resolution was—yeas
116, including my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] who was then a member of the
House of Representatives; the nays were 4; they
consisted of Messrs. Barr, Phelps, Scott, and
Woodson. On the same day the Senator from
Ohio, then a member of the House, offered this
resolution:
" Resolved, That neither Congress nor the people or gov-
ernments of the non-slaveholdirig States have a right to le-
gislate upon or interfile with slaveiy in any of the slave-
lioidiuy States in the Union."
Upon this the yeas were 161, and the nays
none.
