2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
. thatisunconstitutionaHegisIationj* Attend,then,
to the State of Indiana, which has prohibited, by-
constitutional provision, the introduction of free
negroes within its Jimits. Attend to the State of
Illinois, whose constitution directs the Legisla-
ture to pass laws excluding the introduction of
negroes; and the constitution soon to be submitted
to a vote of the people provides against the intro-
duction of free negroes. What then is to become
of these two or three millions of negroes? Ex-
pelled from the southern States, where are they
to go? They cannot go to the State of Illinois,
or to the State of i ndiana. They must go to other
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, I happened, on
yesterday, to be out of the House when the vote
was taken on Senate bill No. 237, " to remove
disqualifications of color m carrying the mails."
I do not ask consent to have my vote recorded,
for objection having been made, it is the duty of
the Speaker to enforce the rule; but I wish to say
that my vote would have been given to lay the
bill on the table.
EVENING SESSIONS AGAIN.
Mr. McKNlGHT. Mr. Speaker, if gentle-
men permit me, I should like to withdraw my
objection to the proposition forevening sessions.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. JOHNSON objected; but subsequently
withdrew his objection, and the resolution was
introduced and agreed to.
CONFISCATION AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
we are divided in opinion about many things con-
nected with the war, there is one purpose, how-
ever, in whieh a majority of this House would
seem to be nearly united, and that is that the Grov-
ernmentofthe United States shall not be curtailed
ill its extent of territorial jurisdiction by the sur-
render of one foot of its soil to the southern con-
federacy. The people will not tolerate ti conven-
tional separation of any portion of tins Union from
the rest. If tins is nota part of our fixed policy,
if we are not in solid earnest to this extent, not
an hour should be lost before sending an embas-
sador to Richmond to close the war. There was
a time when it did appear as if—while the people
were to be amused by movements leading to no
decisive results—a subtile policy would, after long
delay, terminate hostilities by the jugglery of a
compromise. The gloomy apprehensions of such
a disaster were fast seizing upon the public mind;
but the recent successes of our arms, on many
fields of heroic, valor have lifted the burden from
the heart of the nation, and set il once more on its
way of promise and of hope. The rebellion is to
be subdued by the Army, not by concessions to
treason; by the earnestness of war, not by the
chicane of diplomacy.
" If we should make terms with the rebels, "says
the military Governor of Tennessee, "we could
not be at peace with them for sixty days;" and
who can doubt the correctness of his opinion who
reflects that this new government which they have
formed is based on principles irreconcilably con-
flicting with ours and hostile to the libeial senti-
ments of the age. It is impossible for us to be, at
peace with a power which takes slavery, the stone
which our fathers rejected, and defiantly makes it
the head of its corner.
The object of this war upon our part is to re-
store the authority of the Government wherever
it has been displaced, to enable the people ulti-
mately to return to State governments in the
Union, and to the full enjoyments of all their
rightful p, >ssessio s; except in so far as they may
be deprived of them by the shock of war ni the
effort to subdue the rebellion and pi event its re-
currence.
It is vain and foolish to expect or desire the
original status ot things as it was before the dis-
turbances. We cannot expect the dead to rise
from their bloody giaves, nor homes once happy
to spring up out of their ashes. Foi the losses of
trade, ot piopmy of eveiy kind, taken, injured,
or destroyed, there will be no recompense but in
the lessons of wisdom they will loach;and when
we see slavery gorged with the blood of the slain
and rioting in the havoc of war, and yet, wiihulj
if the angels shall keep their vigils around about
it, so that nothing in all the conflict shall do it
harm, then must we, indeed, believe that it is a
divine and sacred thing.
In conducting this war, I wish to adopt the
bestappliancesconsistentwith justice and human-
ity for annoying, injuring, and pressing the en-
emy, or which, as the President suggests, " will
promise efficiency towards ending the struggle."
" The struggle" must be ended, not for a short
time, to be again renewed, but ended forever, by
a victory that will not only, extinguish the re-
bellion, but its cause and animating principle.
What is the struggle to which the President re-
fers us in his message, and which -he is anxious
to end by all means adapted to the purpose? Sir,
it is the struggle of a " divided house," of two
opposing social organisms—freedom and slavery.
I have heard this rebellion called wicked and un-
natural. It is intensely wicked, but it is not un-
natural. It is as natural as autumnal fruits. It
is as natural that this nation should feel the hor-
rors of civil war as that the husbandman should
reap in the harvest what he sowed m the seed-
time. Slavery is the great primary cause. It
prompted the war, sustains and supports it, and
it is waged for the openly avowed purpose of its
perpetuation. No amount of sophistry can gain-
say the truth of this proposition. The common
sense of mankind cannot be cheated by the most
dexterous array of proximate and subordinate
causes. The monster is too gross, bald, and pal-
pable to be concealed by all the disguises which
ingenuity can weave. History will so write it
down as a plain truth. I pray that we may not
have to repeat the lament of that man of world-
fame, the distinguished Necker, that statesmen
are so much given to look upon plain and com-
mon truths as vulgar and beneath their notice,
for 1 believe that unless we have the couragc and
the resolution to meet this enemy of our peace
upon the square, and destroy it where it attempts
to destroy us, another generation will not pass
away till a new rebellion must be quelled, another
debt of greater magnitude be added to the present,
and the nation must again offer for sacrifice fresh
hecatombs of her noble youth. We do not owe
these troubles to any essential difference of sec-
tional interests or of the character of the people.
With all our diversity of soils, climates, and pro-
ductions, we are truly homogeneous. The evils
in which lam convinced are to be found thegerms
of the rebellion, would be just as manifest in Penn-
sylvania or Massachusetts, if slavery were there,
as in Virginia or South Carolina. Wherever it is,
its natural effect upon society will be the same.
The power given by law in any country, in any
State, by which one man is permitted to own an-
other as property is a tremendous one, and far
tianscenfhng ail other rights of property, it will
always be, while human nature remains as it is,
a stronger levei of social and political influence
than all other inteicsts. It will command the
greatest consideration and regard; T mean that
regard which ignoble natures instinctively pay to
power for its own s ke.
This extraordmaiy right is in a very small num-
ber of poisons. Thereare four hundred thousand
out of thirty-two millions; but the anomalous
character of their propetty, the continual opposi-
tion to it from the Christian world, and the dan-
gers peculiar to it, with many other concurring
causes, beget a community of feeling, of hopes,
and fears among them which molds them into a
compact, consolidated power, intent on acquir-
ing the supreme control of every department of
the Government, and formingsuch a combination
as it would be impossible for any other interest
to effect. Their sensitiveness under these influ-
ences, too, exposes them peculiarly to the arts of
the demagogues who play upon their fears by the
most unscrupulous falsehoods. These restless and
tutbuientconspirators tried in vain to consolidate
the shareholding interest on the financial policy of
the Government, but found in tins love of power
a principle of human nature better adapted to their
purposes than the love of dollars. They taught
them to believe—and mnny, I fear, who are not
nowiebels helped them inthis—that northern men
designed, thiou«h Congress, to abolish slavery in
the .States, and, therefore, they must have new
slave States to increase their power and keep in
advance of the natmal progress of 11 msti tut ions,
oi, as they said, to preserve the equilibrium. So
they fought for empire in Kansas; and, discom-
fited there, they defy the nation in arms.
So long as the poisonous tree grew on its own
soil it was safe. It was only when it sent its
shoots beyond its limits that we sought to prune
it. That was the way we tried to treat it for three
quarters of a century; now our relations to it are
changed, and we are compelled to go to the root
of the disorder. Wherefore do we hesitate ? The
slaves of the rebel States support the enemy, either
by peaceful industrial labor, or as engineers on
fortifications built for the slaughter of Union sol-
diers. It was but the other day that the gentle-
man from Missouri, just fresh from the field of
war, gave us as the fruit of his observation that
slavery was the strength of the rebellion, that the
slaves were kept at work on the plantations while
the owners were in the army. Shall we be so
blinded by our prejudices that we will reject the
cooperation of this whole race of people scattered
through the enemy's country? When I say that
whichever party in this contest secures their
friendship will be invincible, I do not utter the
words of enthusiasm, but the apprehensions of
that calm and cautious statesman, James Madi-
son, who, in speaking of the slaves, describes
them as—
" That unhappy species of population abounding in some
of the State", who, timing the eahn of regular government,
are sunk below the level of men, but who, in the tempest-
uous scenes of civil violence, may emerge into the human
character and give a superiority of strength to any paity
with which they may associate themselves."
These are words appropriately spoken to us. It
will be the pivot point of success for either party
when it becomes wise enough to adopt the Mad-
isonian idea of converting chattels into men. If
our enemies should, when cutoff from every other
hope, take advantage of our timidity, and, with
or without the suggestions of foreign intrigue,
decree emancipation themselves, they will gather
to their side the sympathies of the civilized world.
The issue would be changed in an instant, and
we would be presented to the nations as fighting
for the restoration of slavery on the ground that
it would be the void act of a usurping and un-
constitutional government. Let us not treat the
supposition as visionary that they will in the end
adopt such a policy. They give their property
to the flames in the blindness of rage and disap-
pointment, and rest assured they would give free-
dom to the slave to pluck victory from despair.
Give them that advantage, and we can never con-
quer them. Such an act of justice, irrespective of
the motives which might suggest it, would give
an irresistible energy to their arms.
How far may Congress proceed in this direc-
tion ? Freedom for the District of Columbia has
already been secured by the act of emancipation
giving indemnity to loyal claimants. What we
have waited for with anxiety has already passed
by the noblest act in our parliamentary history.
The ordinance of 1787 was, indeed, great, for it
preserved freedom; this is greater, for it restores
freedom. That kept slavery out; this put it out.
It had as sure a lease of perpetuity here appar-
ently as anywhere. For seventy years it had
defied the powers of earth to subvert it; though
with the .unquestioned power of the Government
to abolish it, we had tolerated and upheld it. We
preached the gospel of liberty to the nations, and
yet kept open a market stall for men at the cap-
ital. Our cheeks have burned at the mention of
this glaring inconsistency; but no human arm was
strong enough to remove it. There are those who
look upon that act of emancipation as evidence
of our national decline and the decay of our con-
stitutional liberty; but to me, Mr. Speaker, it is
the surest earnest of our perpetuity as a nation.
He must be blind, indeed, who does not behold
the footsteps of the Almighty in these turbulent
scenes of war. We have witnessed His favor on
many triumphant fields; but a clearer proof of His
favor even than victory was that when He came
to remove our shame and put away our ancient
reproach. Fortunate and happy are we, sir, to be
the humble instruments of forever ending " the
struggle" in the Disti iet of Columbia.
1 he border slaveholding States yet in the Union
have been invited by the^Prcsident and by Con-
gress to begin the work of gradual emancipation
nt once, with the promise of aid from the Gov-
ernment. I rejoice to observe that indications are
alieady visible in Maryland of a disposition to
close m with this offer. The leading journals of
