816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
turnkey and other assistants, and boards the prisoners for
thirty-five cents a day- L
* ln the case of negroes who are arrested for being with-
out free papers or passes, the board is paid by the master
when he conies for them. If no claimant appears, and the
poor fellow cannot prove that he is free, he is keptuntil the
fees amount to a sum, when he may be sold to satisfy the
claims of injustice.
"Among the prisoners are nineteen whose only offense
is that of fleeing from those who claimed to be their mas-
ters. Some of them "tiave been, confined several months;
but, in spite of all the horrors of the place, they do not
want to be sent back to their masters, because they fear
being 'sold down South.' I saw fifteen of these unfortu-
nate creatures, and spent time enough to ascertain the exact
truth respecting their history and condition. I examined
what are called4 the books,' and such wretchedly written
memoranda respecting their commitment as exist.
" I had a peremptory order from the commandant upon
the jailor to give me all information, and he did so, evi-
dentlybeing in great fear of the authorities. I conversed
with the prisoners in his presence,and then alone; so that
Igot pretty good evidence." *****
" Let me note some of these cases to show how loosely
injustice is administered in the sacred soil of Virginia by
the United States authorities. You may infer what must
have Been the former state of things.
"The records show that on the 9th of August, 1881, Cyn-
thia Brent was taken up by somebody, and put in tlic .jail
us a supposed runaway slave. On the 29th of August, a Mr.
Close, who had owned the girl's father, obtained an order
for the chattel and took her away. She escaped tiom him,
b.ut fell into the hands of her master, Mr. Swan, who brought
heron the 10th of September, and imprisoned her on lus
own authority, and she is still in prison.
" On the Jbth of August, 1851, caine one Mrs. Kitson—
she ought not to have any Christian name—and claiming
four fugitives—two women, one 'boy,5 and one child—as her
slaves; and as she paid their boatd, she took them off prob-
ably to sell them to other ' beasts of burden.'
<♦ June 12, 1861, was bi ought in Renhood, a fugitive. He
was kept nearly five months, and probably began to think
he was safe; but on the 6th of November, one Fleming,
claiming to be agent of lus master—now himself a fugitive—
came with an order from General Montgomery, and carried
poor Benhood off to a known fate in unknown parts.
"The persons claiming to own these human being* are,
for the most part, rebels, and have fled; the United States
acts as jailor, and takes care of their chattels during their
absence."
I have also a letter from a gentleman at Fort-
ress Monroe, giving his views of the manage-
ment of our officials there. The writer, who is a
gentleman of character, in a letter to me, says:
" The 1 contraband' s^tcm i* but another name foi Gov-
ernment slavery. And whethei the plan on which the sys-
tem is worked be better or vvoise than it might, it cannot
be other than evil while it !•? a slave system in the hands
of military officials. One of these officials, who is on fa-
miliar terms with me, expressed his conviction that the
Government had already made at least fitteen thousand
dollais out ol" these Government slaves. General Wool
stilted yesterday that there is now a fund of ;$'7,000 on hand
from the avails of their laboi. And yet the Government
has laid out no expense on the women and children that do
not work for Government, or have none to woik for them,
many of whom arc suffering for want of comfortable quar-
tets and clothing. Nor will the authorities allow charity
to come in and make up the deficiency of Government
about the fort, In supplying clothing, lest it should take
away an incentive to labor for Government. No money is
promised to women who work for Government, and the
only stimulus afforded is clothing, and if clothing wpjo
given indiscriminately to all who need, the women would
piefoi to woik for ofliceis and soldiers and get a little pay
for it.
" But Government does not even pay many of the men
in the employ of Government the small pittance of two dol-
lais cash per month. Two men in the engineer depart-
ment, at woik on the milroad, told me yesterday thatthey
had worked since tho 13th ol July, and had not received a
cent, and they did not know any in the same gang that had.
And many of these men have tamilies m want of suppoit.
And now a change has been made in the commissi! y de-
paittnent, and I have heard that in the section outside of
Old Point budge, wheie most of the families are, the la-
tions iuc to be tcduccd from live hundred to fifty, and that
many of the families who-e male head works for Govern-
ment will be denied rations, and there will be great suffer-
ing.
There are also great abuses practiced by subordinate
officials in whipping and bruising the slaves. They have
been knocked down with clubs, and they are cuiacd and
otherwise abused in a shocking manner.
" No wonder, then, that one who knows told me that their
nambcr had greatly diminished within a month or more; a
large number having become mi>smg, how, lie knows not;
perhaps by escaping to the Noith.
" I have not hcaid of any going back to secessia ; but I
have heard some of them say, with tears, that they n^ver
were treated ashardmslaveiy. Yet they cling to tin; Union
the sheet-anchor of their hopes of libeity, waiting tar
deliverance.
u Now, is it pohev (not to speakof principle) to treat tins
people &o? And is Government thus a great practical slave-
holder? Will you not move for an investigating committee
to come to Forticss Monroe and search iuto the lactsof the
ca^c—not simply among officials, but among the people
themselves, and tho-o who feel interested for them'"
Is it not a burning shame that the nation should
be thus dishonored and humiliated > The Gov-
ernment should rise to the full comprehension of
its duties, and teach the men who wear its uni-
forms that they have no right to outrage the moral
sense of the people by acts of commission or
omission. I have had a colonel of the Army of
the United States over the river come to me to-
day, with an order from a brigadier general to
turn out of his fortification a fugitive slave, if he
was there.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts what brigadier
general?
Mr. WILSON. I-will give the name to the
Senator in executive session.
Sir, I think it is time for us to act up to our
principles. It is time for us to put our rebuke upon
these men, whether in the military or civil service
of this country, and let them know we do not put
them in powertodisgraeeourcommonhumanity,
and to dishonor the principles we have professed.
In regard to the marshal of this District, I think
we should say to the President of the United
States that that man has insulted this Senate, and
must be dismissed from that place." The record
of his conduct read here should at once drive him
from the public employment of the country.
Mr. CARLILE. One word, sir, in reply. I
do not think, if the Senator had heard what I said,
and I think the country, when it sees what I said,
will not think, with the Senator, that it was my
purpose to administer rebukes to any member of
this body. I merely gave expression to what were
my own opinions, and I alluded to the pictures that
I have seen in connection with this subject since it
was first introduced. I designed to be understood
as expressing the opinion that, at this juncture par-
ticularly, our time should be devoted to those great
measures connected with the preservation of the
interests of the country ,-and the protection of the
white race, within our constitutional duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to say anything with regard to the bill, be-
cause I believe the main purpose of the bill is gen-
erally assented to by Senators on both sides of the
Chamber. My object in rising is simply to reply
to one remark made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I listened with attention to all that was
said by the Senator from Virginia. There was not
one word said by him that was improper, discour-
teous, unkind, or which I could not, with fairness
and candor, repeat. I thought there was no occa-
sion to bring before us the conduct of a traitor, a
man who, by the laws of his country, has forfeited
his kfe and his property, and use his name in con-
nection with the name of a man who has risked his
life, his property, everything, in defense of his
country. Thereisnocomparison. Ithoughtthe re-
mavkwas uukiml. There was nothing in the man-
ner,in the words,or in the conduct of the Senator
from Virginia, that was unbecoming the Senate
Chamber. I was pleased with the reply made by
the Senatorfrom Maine. It was a proper subject-
matter for discussion; but it seemed to me the re-
mark made by the Senator from Massachusetts
ought not to pass without at least some word of
friendly greeting to the Senator from Virginia. I
believe that his conduct here has been patriotic,
noble, manly, and not the conduct of a traitor and
felon, like that of the one whose name has been
mentioned; there can be no doubt of it.
Now, Mr. President, I repeat for myself that I
think the time presses us for more important ac-
tion than that, which has engaged the attention of
the Senate. I have sat here with patience during
the present session and intend to do so during the
whole of it; butit seems to me we have important
duties to perform that we ought at once to enter
upon. There has been a great deal of declama-
i tion and a great deal of fault-finding with thePres-
! ident and with the officers of the Government;
: perhaps I have indulged in a little of them myself;
: but there are now bills on the Senate Calendar
| pressing and of the highest importance, to which
; we have given no attention. The financial condi-
tion ofour country is now becoming deeply embar-
rassed. Everything that relates to the finances is
properly within the business of Congress, but it
is almost impossible to have a bill brought before
the attention of the Senate and considered.
I have no objection to the present bill. It is
important that it should be passed and acted upon
promptly. We have no right to assail the mar-
shal of the District. If a resolution is introduced
censuring him for an improper order, I will vote
for it. 1 believe there is scarcely a Senator here
but what would say the marshal of the District
' has no right to exclude a Senator or a member of
Congress, whose duty it is to watch over the in-
terests of all the people, white and black, in this'
District, from that jail. There can be no doubt
of that.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will listen to me a
moment, I have got just such a resolution already
written, if I can get an opportunity to present it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me it is not a
subject of that magnitude'to press very hardly
upon us" I have said all I desire to say in regard
to the subject which induced me to rise, and that
was, to reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts about the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, one word
seems to bring on another, according to the old
story, and as my friend from Ohio rose to reply
to a remark made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I wish to avail myself of the same opportu-
nity to reply to a remark made by the Senator
from Ohio, not particularly relating to the bill. It
is this: that we have a great deal of important busi-
ness before us, and that we should correct outf
habit of speaking and acting here and attend to
that business; and he particularly alluded to the
business of finance which engages the attention of
the country. It is with reference to that subject
that I wish to correct an erroneous impression.
I have noticed in many of the newspapers of the
day remarks made, in entire good faith undoubt-
edly, that the business of Congress should be to
attend to these financial matters immediately, to
leave all other things and have that business done;
that we should immediately pass a tax bill, and
immediately do this, that, ana the other. Now,
sir, it seems to me that the gentlemen who^talk
thus, (and I do not know how far the idea goes,)
imagine that all we have to do with relation to the
finances of the country can be done in aboutforty-
eight hours. Why do they continually keep talk-
ing about it? Sir, this is a business of time, a
business necessarily requiring great investigation
and great care. Gentlemen call upon us to pass
a tax bill of one hundred and fifty millions of
dollars, or thereabouts, immediately, and do not
seem to reflect that if we are to do it with a proper
regard to the interests of the country, it requires
great investigation, great study, much time, and
much deliberation, in order that it should be done
with a proper regard to the interests of the com-
munity.
Is the country aware, sir—it certainfy ought to
be—that the subject of finance is now engaging,
and has been from the beginning of the session
engaging, the constant attention and study of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives; that they have necessarily been
visited by delegations from all parts of the coun?
try, to make suggestions on the subject; and that
they cannot, without much time, much labor, and
much anxiety, even prepare the proper bills for the
consideration of Congress; and that we here in the
Senatecannotmoveatall on the subjectufhtil those
bills come to us from the House of Representa-
tives; and that consequently we now have nothing
before uson that subject to act upon? There is
no occasion for this talk about the waste of time
in Cpngrcss upon other matters, and especially
in the Senate; because, up to this time, the Sen-
ate has had no power to act. The proper com-
mittee of this body, of which I am a member—I
can speak for myself, and certainly I think I can
for some of my associates—have been devoting
time and labor to the consideration of these ques-
tions. How we shall come out in the end, whether
our deliberations and our studies will be of ben-
efit to the country, will remain to be seen; but I
desire to notify the country and all concerned, and
all who take occasion to complain, that there has
been the most anxious study devoted to this sub-
ject, and that no time whatever has been lost in
relation to it. I am sorry that we cannot proceed
with more rapidity; but I am tired of seeing
through all the papers, and of hearing remarks
made even on this floor, and on the floor of the
House of Representatives occasionally, if I mis-
take not, that we are wasting time, because we
are not considering these financial questions. Sir,
permit me to say there arc no questions to which
so much time and so much care have been devoted,
and which require so much; and at the proper
season I trust we shall be able to present some-
thing to the country which may accomplish a
good purpose. I say this in defense of Congress.
Now, what shall we do in the mean time in the
Senate ? Shall we meet here from day to day, and
