1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
I will read from the platform adopted by the
Chicago convention,upon which Mr. Lincoln was
elected, two of the resolutions—the tl ird and
fourth:
"3. That to the Union of tlic States this nation owes its
unprecedented increase in population; it's surprising devel-'
opnwnt of material lesonrces; its rapid augmentation of
wealth; its happiness at home and its lionoi abroad, and
we hold m ahhorrencc alt schemes for disunion, come ftoui
whatever source they may; and we congratulate the coun-
try that no Republican member of Congress has uttered or
countenanced a tin eat or disunion, so often made by Dem-
ocratic members without rebuke and with applause from
their political a.-sociates; and we denounce those thieats
of disunion, m case of a popular overthrow of theirascend-
aney, as denying the vital punciples of a free Government,
and as an avowal of contemplated tieason, which it is the
imperative duty of an indignant people strongly to rebuke
and forever silence."
There is nothing in that resolution that I do not
heartily approve.
"4. That tiic maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to order and
control its own domestic institutions according to :ts own
judgment exclusively, is essentia! to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
fabric depends, and we denounce the lawless invasion by
armed force of the &oil of any State or Territoiy,no matter
under what pretext, as among the gravest of cmnes."
There is nothing in that resolution that I do not
heartily approve. And yet, the gentlemen who
adopted the platform containing; these resolutions,
who unfurled their banner with these resolutions
inscribed upon it, and went forth conquering and
to conqucr, and achieved the possession of the
Government of the United States, are now about
to violate them; are seeking to violate them. At
the extra session of Congress in July last, the
Senator from Tennessee, now absent from his
seat, [Mr. Johnson,] offered this resolution:
" Revolted, That the pic^cnt deplorable civil war has
been forced on the country by the de-unioni^ts of the south-
ern States now m revolt against t he con.stitutional Govern
incut and m nuns aioutul the capital; that in tins national
emergency Congress banishing all tcehngs of meie passion
or resentment, iccolh of only its duty to the whole countiy;
that this war i^> not prosecuted upon our part m any spirit
of oppiession, nor lor any purpose of conquest ot subjuga-
tion, noi for the pin post* of overthrowing oi interfeimg with
the rights or established institutions of those State*, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
all laws made in pursuance thereof, and to preserve the
Union, with all the dignity, equality, and lights of the sev-
eral State* umnipaned; that as soon as the.- e objects arc
accomplished, the war ought to cease."
There is a noble resolution containing the true
principles of the Constitution and embodying the
sentiments of justice and humanity. This reso-
lution was parsed on the 2Gth of July, 1PG1, a
few days after the battle of Bull Run. The yeas
were—
Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandlei, Claik, Cowan,
Dixon, Ooolittle, Fesscndcn, Foot. Foster. Giimes. Hailan,
liairis, Howe, Johnson of Tonness-ee, Kennedy. Km?,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansa*, Latham, Moirill, Nes-
mlth, Pomeroy. Saulsbuvy, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—30.
And the nays were—
Me.ssis. Breckinridge, Johnson of Missouri, Polk, Pow-
ell, and Trumbull—5.
Here rs as solemn a pledge as men ever gave,
on a great national subject. Do they intend to
keep it? When they made this promise, did they
make it in truth and in good faith?
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire what was the promise that we made?
Mt. DAVIS. I have just read it.
Mr, CLARK. It was about the prosecution of
the war; was it not?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. CLARK. We did not promise that we
would not legislate at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I have just read the promise.
Mr. CLARK. That was about fighting.
Mr. DAVIS. Wei!, I will lead it again:
"Resolved, That the piescntdeplorable civil war has been
forced on the count) v by the dtsunionist-* of the southern
States now m levolt against the constitutional Government
and in aims around the capital"—
1 agree to that; and so does the gentleman fiom
New Hampshire, I presume.
"That in this national emeigoney, Congies*, bariishincr
all feeling of mere passion or roentment, will lecolleet
onl> its duty to the whole country.5''
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a mighty good senti-
ment:
-•That this war h not pioseouted upon our pan in any
j-pu 11 oi oppiCssion. not lor any pujpose of eonqucht or sub
|us:ition, ijoi for the purpose of ovei!hjo\\in^or mlcHeiing
with the rights or established institutions of those States ;
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and all laws made in pursuance thereof, and to pre-
serve the Union, with all the dignity, equality, and lights
of the several States unimpaired; that as soon as these ob-
jects aie accomplished the war ought to cease."
Now, sir, here is my position: if you intended
to make and did make that pledge in good faith,
you have no right now to enlarge the purposes of
the war.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator understand
this to be a purposeofwar that we are now about?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; this is a purpose of
war now. It is an entering wedge. You want
to get the head in, and then you intend to push
the monster through. That is what you are after,
if there was to be no other movement upon sla-
very, we never should have heard of this bill to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. It is
extreme men thatbi ing parties and nations to ruin.
Men in a body will violate pledges that they would
never dream of violating as single individuals.
Here are your pledges, as strong and as emphatic
as they can be made, defining the purpose for which
you intended to wage the war. I say that you can-
not with a due regard to your pledged word, to your
faith, to your honor as men and as patriots, en-
large materially the purposes of the war. The
object of such enlargement js not to limit and to
spend the force of your action upon this down-
trodden and oppressed Distiict, but it is to extend
your usurpations into the States. This is but a
preliminary operation. You are endeavoring to
experiment now how far you can go, and how
far fhe moderate men of your party will go with
you.
Mr. President, as I have said; it is the extreme
and the violent men of parties and of factions that
bring both parties and nations to ruin; and hence
caucuses arc held by parties, not by the party
now in power particularly, but by all parties. '
They get together in caucus; the hot spirits, the
energetic wiils, the vaulting, towering men of
ambition in the party, have their schemes ahead,
and to work out those schemes successfully it is
necessary to command the support of their party,
and they, therefore, get their party together, and
they establish " whippers m" to bring the mod-
erate and just and conscientious men up to the
work of violence. That is what is done, and
every man who has had any experience m parties
knows it. There are men in the Senate Chamber
and in the other House—yea, a majority of them,
and a huge majority—to whom, if they would
just throw for from them the extreme and fannti-
eal men of their party, and would act upon the
suggestions of their own reason and their own
hearts, I would be willing to submit this whole
subject,
Mr. President, there is no greater truth than this,
that th^re are few forces that corrupt so speedily
and so rapidly this human heart of ours as power,
and especially irresponsible power. We have had
experience of that for a long time in this country.
I knew a proud party in tins country of long en-
durance that became so much intoxicated with the
possession and extent of its power that it pro-
claimed itself the power of permanence; and within
a few short months after this proud boast it was
overthrown. The party in power now is just
about to become as much or even more intoxi-
cated with power, and a little more corrupted by
it. I do not intend anything that is offensive to
this party. You arc men. You act as all parties
do. The possession of power intoxicates you as
it intoxicates all others. You abuse it: you tram-
pleupon theConstitution in the exercise of powers
of Government that it gives you; you commit
acts of injustice and oppression; you go to such
extremes and excesses as to revolt the public
mind, and sooner or later the people will rise in
their majesty, and overthrow you as they have
overthrown the parties that preceded you.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will you
point out some of those excesses and extrava-
gances ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think there is one about to be
perpetrated now.
Mr. CLARK. This is not done yet.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope it will not be done. If
it is not done, it will be because the moderate, and
just men of the Senate take the power of the party
into their own hands. I would hope for my coun-
try that they would do so on all occasions. Rut
the leaders want you to follow their counsels of
violence and aggression and oppression to enable
them to keep up the questions of agitation that
constitute their political capital and that have
broughfthem into power and upon the existence
and continuance of which they hope to continue
in power. Now, I will icad to my friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] a quotation from
the good book, as he read one to me the other day:
" The pride of thme heait hath deceived thee, thou that
dwellestin the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high;
that saith in liis heart, who shall biingmedown to the
ground ?
u Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou
set thy ne^t among the &tar , thence will 1 bring thee down,
saith the Lord."—Obadiah, 3 and 4.
Yes, you will be brought down
Mr. HALE. Was not that addressed to slave-
holders?
Mr. DAVIS. It was addressed to the Edom-
ites, the Ishmeelites—theabolitionistsofthatday.
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, there is one
gentleman in this body of the Republican party,
who gives this subject the consideration of a phil-
osophic statesman, and that is the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] He made an able,
statesmanlike, and patriotic speech a few days
ago, and he took views in thatspeech true as God's
throne and eternal as the world. He said that the
negro and the white race never can and never will
amalgamate in this land and have a community,
socially and politically, of rights and privileges.
As he justly and truly remarked, there is a ques-
tion beyond that of abolitionism in this District,
beyond that of manumitting the slaves in the
States, if you please; and that question is the sep-
aration of the races. He said, very correctly, that
God, who made both races, has in effect decreed
that they shall be separate. They can never live
together in any considerable numbers except as
master and slave, and all thepuny efforts of man,
however great in reason, however fanatical in
spirit, however misguided by ambition orhypoc-
racy,'can never repeal that law. Whenever a lib-
ciation comes, separation must follow. If it docs
not follow, the war of races is inevitable, and one
or the other must and will be exterminated. "We
have two hundred and twenty-five thousand slaves
in Kentucky. They are owned mostly by Union
men. They are owned by men true to the Con-
stitution as ourfathers made it, and willing to live
up to all of its obligations. If you proceed upon
the principle of manumitting all the slaves in that
State that have belonged to persons who wore in
thc«rcbel aimy, or who sympathized with the
rebel cause, you will find that it. is impossible, you
will have no power to enforce the law, and you
never will enforce it. There i.s no being in that
State who would not rise up in revolt, and in
deadly and in continuous and never dying hostil-
ity to any such system. We would hold the party
in power, we would hold the misguided men in
power, that would endeavor to force that state
upon us as the worst enemies with which the God
of Heaven had ever cursed us. We oppose the
secessionists, and we want to fight them to sub-
jection, to unconditional submission to the Union;
but the spirit and perseverance and desperation
with which we wouldfightsocessionists is nothing
to that with which we would fight that condition
of things.
When you liberate the slaves in the seceded
States, as I have said, I fear you give up that coun-
try to the slaves, or you put their owners in the
condition that they will again reduce them to sla-
very, or if they cannot do that they will extermi-
nate them. The honorable Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] spoke of the emancipa-
tion of the slaves of the West India Islands and of
the emancipation of the Russian serfs. The cases
are not parallel. As the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin said afew days ago, the population in
the British West India Islands is mainly negro,
and the tropics belong to the negro; their consti-
tutions are homogeneous to the climate; itis their
home to which their Creator assigned them, and
sooner or later they will have undisputed posses-
sion there I have no doubt. They were as five
to one on the island of Jamaica. The honorable
Senator spoke of the island of St. Domingo. I
will make buta single remark on that. In the year
1789 tho exports of that island weie $28,000,000;
now they are only between five and six millions.
Mr. Pr esident, honorable Senators have ad-
verted to Roman slavery. Russian serfdom and
Il©man slavery are not at all analogous to our
case. The slaves there were all of the same color
