1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the State have evidently taken a stand in its favor,
from which they will not probably recede; and it
is to be hoped that all the border States will soon
begin to feel the force of Mr. Jefferson's opinion,
that every day's delay of gradual emancipation
diminishes its prospects, and makes the imme-
diate process more imperative. <c Eveiy day's de-
lay*" said he, in his jotter to St. George Tucker,
" lessens the time wc may take for emancipation."
But I cannot stay to congratulate on these happy
events, when our relations to the rebellious States
so boldly confront us.
In the territory of those States a new government
hostile to the United States, and embracing new
and hostile State governments, has been set up by
traitors and usurpers. From all that territory the
United States have been expelled. We have not
a marshal to serve a writ, a jui y to give a verdict,
or a judge to pronounce a judgment. Every vestige
of State and Federal authority is gone. This en-
emy has levied an army of great power to destroy,
if possible, the whole fabric of our State and Fed-
eral Governments. So thorough is the usurpation
that individuals disposed to be friendly and loyal
to our flag are quite overborne, and may not even
whisper their sympathies. Indeed, our laws are
as powerless there as in any foreign country.
Now, sir, what are our relations to these re-
bellious people? They are at war with us, hav-
ing an organized government in the cabinet, and
an organized army in the field, and I hold that
in the conduct an3 management of the war on our
part we are compelled to act, in most respects, to-
wards them as it"they were a foreign Government
of a thousand years' existence, between whom and
us hostilities have broken out. So far as we would
have the power to go in the adoption of measures
to pursue and destroy the enemy in a war with a
foreign nation, we may go to destroy the southern
confederacy. If we were to suppose that France
had resumed her sway in Louisiana,and had, by
the consent of the inhabitants, expelled the Uni-
ted States, giving us a French war instead, it would
be impossible to enlarge our belligerent rights be-
yond what we now have, and which we may law-
fully assert to then* full extent against our present
enemy. It does not matter that we may have in-
dividual friends in that country, for when was it
ever otherwise that one belligerent nation had not
open or secret friends among us enemies? Neither
does it in the slightest degree affect our belliger-
ent relations that those of them actively engaged
or aiding the war are at the same time traitors,
who, when reduced to our subjection, are amen-
able to the civil authorities for the crime of trea-
son. For, indeed, it is bccause, and only because,
they are belligerents that they become traitors.
The Constitution expressly declares that " trea-
son against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adheung to their
enemies,giving them aid and comfort," thus teach-
ing that traitors are men who are at war with the
United States, and, consequently, that the United
Slates are at war with them. The term war is here
used without qualification or restriction, to indi-
cate that it is employed in any narrower sense
than it is understood in the law of nations to desig-
nate the hostile relations of two belligerent Pow-
ers. Such treasonable war may be but a local
disorder, needing for its suppression no gi eater
force than the marshal, or it may require a mod-
erate display of military force, whereas nothing
moie would be necessary, nothing more would be
allowably; but where treason levies a war by the
organization of a new government over eight mil-
lions of people, which on the land, with an army
of three hundred thousand soldiers, has shed the
blood of thousands of our citizens, and by its
pjrateships has vexed our commerce to the furthest
oceans, who will undertake to tie our hands or set
bounds upon our power to rescue the nation ?
Sir, they who levy war against us must be sub-
dued by war. Jf they provoke that power of the
Government on a scale like this, they mustaocept
all the calamities incident to its exertion, and every-
thing which may be adapted to victory between
two independent nations, with the further penalty
that when they are once subdued we can apply to
them the peace power of trial and conviction for
treason; for notwithstanding they are enemies,
they still owe the penalties of a broken allegiance.
In such a contest, sir, the power of this Govern-
ment lias no limitation whatsoever, except in the
magnitude of the opposing force, and in consid-
erations of justice and humanity. Subject to this
limitation, the power of the Government is com-
mensurate with the power of the nation. It seems
to me like idle disputation, this fastidiousness
about power when the existence of the nation is
at stake. If there were not a clause in the Con-
stitution giving us the power to crush rebels by
the confiscation of their property and the emanci-
pation of their slaves, though there are many, I
would find it inherent in the very nature of gov-
ernment, in the primary law of its existence, which
binds it to protect every loyal citizen, and the still
stronger obligation to protect and preserve the na-
tion. Any conception of government exempting it
in the least from this duty, presents the social com-
pact as a fraud and a chcat. Self-preservation is
protection not to one citizen only, but to all the cit-
izens, and there can be no definite limit to the power
and to the individual sacrifice that may be required.
Public property, armies, r a vies, private property,
commerce, agriculture, and manufactures, every
thing a nation has, must it give for its life. This is
the law of necessity, which springs from the condi-
tion of things brought abouthy these people them-
selves; and the error of the times is the reluctance
to accept the actual situation. The rules of peace
are not the rules of war. The syllogisms of past
debate must be silenced by the discussions of the
cannon and the bayonet.
This view of our relations does no wrong to the
loyal men now subdUed by the rebel government.
Though not guilty of the crime, it is their misfor-
tune, in common with loyal men m the North,
to share in its consequences; for it is lamentably
true that the innocent thus suffer, though it may
be wisely ordered, so that, besides whatever other
good may come from it, it furnishes an incentive
to the virtuous to resist the schemes of the vicious.
The injustice of this view is only seen when it
affects slavery. We blockade the ports of the
South, and ail alike, loyal and disloyal, North and
South, feel the terrible pressure of that force, but
where is the champion of constitutional rights to
vindicate free ports? We forbid by law all inter-
course between citizens of the rebellious territory
and <the loyal Stages, though that right is most
sacredly guarded by the supreme law; but where
are the worshipers at the altar and they who keep
watch and ward around the temple of the Consti-
tution to raise a voice of horror or sound of re-
sistance to the sacrilegious intrusion ? Who com-
plains of injustice to loyal men or to rebels? These
things do not extort a sigh, and yet for these and
many other losses the Government never will in-
demnify one of them. They are necessarymeans,
or, at least, " promise efficiency" for ending the
struggle. If it were possible to use them only
against rebels and to exempt loyal men, of course
we should do it; but that is impossible.
Shall emancipation be general, with indemnity
to loyal claimants, or shall it reach only the slaves
of rebels ? Either mode is fatal to slavery, for if
you free the slaves of rebels only, I believe you
would take more than five sixths of all the slaves,
and effectually destroy the value of those owned
by loyal men. So that the loyal slaveholder would,
if he consults his interests, prefer general eman-
cipation, with compensation, to the emancipation
ofslavesof rebels alone. In the next place, if you
limit it to the slaves of rebels, if leaves the slave
in a state of great uncertainty as to his condition,
his freedom depending on the verdict of a jury
whose sympathy will be with the master claim-
ant. The least reflection will show the disad-
vantage at which he would be placed 111 such a
controversy. It would be much moie just to com-
pel the claimant to prove his loyalty to get indem-
nity than to subject the slave to the hazards of a
verdict to keep his freedom. I think if any pre-
sumption is to be drawn from the state of affairs
in the rebel States, it is, that all are rebels tiil
proved otherwise. The Government in all its de-
partments profess to acton that presumption, and
that is the plan of the bill we have passed for the
District of Columbia. The slaves of loyal men,
moreover, are made just as useful to the traitors
as the slaves of rebels. Every dollar's worth of
surplus produce they raise goes to the supply of
the army, and in this respect there is no differ-
ence.
13ut as it is thought best by the Representatives
of the slaveholdmg States to reject the offer of in-
demnity, I am content to free the slaves ol^ rebels
alone. The emancipation of the slaves ot rebels
is supported from the analogous belligerent right
of confiscation of enemy's property. There is not
a writer on international law who denies the right
of a belligerent to confiscate the property of the
enemy found within its own territory. With res 
spect to debts, Judge Story observes:
" I take upon me to say that no jurist of reputation can
be found who has denied the right of confiscation of ene-
mies' debts."
Wc have the power, then, pending the war, to
take the property of the enemy and to sunder the
relation of any loyal debtor to his rebel creditor.
Although the Constitution forbids any power in
the land from impairing the obligation of contracts,
yet you may say to the debtor,u you are absolved
from the payment of the money you owe to the
enemy creditor." Is the debt of service of the
slave to his master to stand on higher grounds
than the meritorious relation of debtor and cred-
itor, so that we cannot say to the slave, " you are
absolved from further service to your rebel mas-
ter?" TheConstitution oftheUnited States guards
with equal care a debt due to a foreigner and a citi-
zen. If wc may, notwithstanding, confiscate the
one when he is an enemy, we may the other when
he becomes an enemy. If the slaveholders of
Beaufort district were Englishmen, who would
doubt our right, pending a war with England, to
confiscate their property and emancipate their
slaves? But what difference is there between such
a war and the present, only that this is the more
odious? One of the answers is, that the offense
is treason, and we can only forfeit for life, after
trial.
It is erroneous to suppose that even on trial and
conviction for treason we could not extend the
punishment to forfeiture of goods and chattels
absolutely. Congress is empowered to declare
the punishment of treason, but " no attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeit-
ure, exceptduring the life ofthc person attainted."
Whatever limitation this puts on the power of
Congress to declare the fotfeiture of lands as a
punishment for treason after trial, it leaves the full
and unlimited power to forfeit absolutely every-
thing else. The phrase " attainder of treason"
grew into use at the common law as a figure of
speech, which puts the effect for the cause. The
effectof a sentence of death in any felony was the
attaint of the felon's blood, so that he could neither
inherit lands, nor could any one inherit from him.
The attaint was produced by the judgment of the
court. After judgment, he was said to be at-
tainted; that was its effect, which, being used for -
the cause, the phrase " attainder of treason" was
used instead of " judgment of treason." The for-
feiture which at common law was worked by the
attainder included lands only. It is true that the
goods and chattels of the felon were forfeited, too;
but that was not worked by the attainder; it was
the fruitoftheconviction which preceded thejudg-
ment or attainder. Loid Coke uses these words:
i{ By a conviction of a felon, his goods and chattels are
forfeited ; but by attainder, that i^3 by judgment given, his
lands and tenements are forfeited and his blood corrupted,
but not before."
By the common law, if a man died after convic-
tion and before judgment or attainder, though his
goods were^fiwfeitcS, yet neither was blood cor-
rupted or his lands forfeited. It is clear to my mind,
then, that Congress could declare the absolute for-
feiture of anything but lands to follow the sen-
tence of death; and it would not alter the matter
in the least that slaves by the law ofany State are
deemed real estate. They are not lands and tene-
ments at the common law.
But, sir, I am at a loss to see the bearing of this
clause of the Constitution on the question, for we
are not proposing to legislate against men who
can be brought to trial and conviction. They are
not within the grasp of the civil authorities. Civil
process has been swept away by the rebels them-
selves. Js it not brazen impudence and assur-
ance for men who have pulled down the pillars of
Government in their States, and resolved public
order into anarchy, to claim the benefits of insti-
tutions which, by their crimes, no longerexist?
The framers of the Constitution never designed
the folly of thus limiting the powers of the Gov-
ernment against treason, flagrante bcllot and in
places where the rebellion has expelled the courts
of justice; it only prohibits coriuption of blood
and absolute forfeiture of lands beyond the life of
the convicted offender. If it were otherwise, then
