1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
adjourn because financial questions arc not before
us, or shall we procecd with the ordinary busi-
ness of Congress, correcting abuses, or trying to
correct them, where sthey exist; if they exist in
this District, legislating for the District; if they
exist elsewhere, legislating for them wherever
they may be found? Sir, 1 do not know of any
bills on your table which require such very im-
mediate pressing action any more than this bill.
This I judge to be a bill of importance. Since I
have been in Congress there never has been a
power in Congress to correct any abuses in this
District at all until the present session of Con-
gress. Why should we not begin now? Does
the country say we shall do nothingallthesedays
and all these weeks and all these months, when we
cannot approach the more pressing and more im-
portant business of Congress? Sir, i think the
idea is unreasonable, and that gentlemen are not
to be blamed because they try to occupy the in-
termediate time in doing something for the good
of the community, either generally or in particular
places, wherever it may be.
I felt bound to make these remarks from the
fact that I happen, most unfortunately for my-
self, and perhaps for the country, to be placed in
a position where I am compelled to consider the
questions which have been referred to. And now,
sir, as to this bill, 1 am in favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to say a word ? **
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my friend
froni Maine, whose courtesy I always desire to
acknowledge, has limited very much the remark
I made. When I spoke of questions of finance,
I did not merely speak of questions of taxation.
I am as well informed and advised that the Con-
stitution provides that the House of Representa-
tives shall originate all revenue bills as my hon-
orable friend from 'Maine; but when I spoke of
financial questions, I extended it much more. All
questions that relate to compensation, expendi-
tures, contracts, disbursements, and everything
of that kind that affects money, relate to finance.
The mere question of taxation, as to the mode of
levying taxes, as to whether a duty shall be paid
on this article or that article whether the taxes
shall be director indirect, those are questions that
come to us from the House of Representatives;
but the Senate has a broad and ample field for
investigation; and allow me to say there are bills
pending in the Senate of various characters in re-
gard to finance, in the broad acceptation of the
term. Thei'e arc bills for guarding the mode in
which contracts shall be made, providing for dis-
bursements of moneys in various ways, and reg-
ulating salaries, compensation, &c„ All these bills
are pending. I know they are being considered;
and 1 merely speak of them to correct the error
into which my friend has fallen by confining my
remark to a simple class—taxation, instead of the
broader meaning which I give to the term " finan-
cial question"—all that relates to money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow me
to say that I intended tbp remark I made, with re-
gard to tax bills particularly, rather for the public
than for him. 1 admit that, in the particular re-
lation that my language had to the subject, I re-
ferred to a particular class of bills and legislation;
and.my friend will bear me witness, and help me
testify before the country, that theie has been no
loss of time on that subject; that they necessarily
require time in order that they may be done well,
and they must be elaborated carefully and exten-
sively in committee before we can proceed to con-
sider them in the Senate.
Allow me to say, sir, that the country ought to
understand that we are in an entirely new condi-
tion of things. The old countries—France and
England—have long been accustomed to look and
see where they could find subjects of taxation.
All their legislation on that subject is but an im-
provement of last year, finding something new
from which they could raise money. We have
never been driven to that at all. Our course here
has been a simple one. All we had to do was to
rely upon customs, and find out how much it was
necessary to raise by customs duties in order to
pay the ordinary expenses of our Government.
Now we come upon other times. We have to
consider the subject of direct or land taxation, the
subject of excises, the subject of income taxes—
new to us, and which require, in order to be done
well, the most careful consideration, and, after all,
su bjecting the country to a great many errors and
mistakes. But, sir, we design to do it as well as
we can; and I hope the country will have patience
with us, and believe that we are not idle because
we are not discussing these questions at the pres-
ent time before they canpossibly be brought before
us.
With regard to these other subjects which may
also be called financial, I am not aware that they
are of a pressing character. There is no bill that
1 know of on the table which has been pressed
upon our consideration. There is the one referred
to by the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] the other day, which was referred back
to his committee for reexamination. There is one
which my friend from Ohio has reported which,
upon his own motion, goes over. He is not ready
for the consideration of it. I am not aware that
there is a single bill in relation to those subjects
before the Senate of the United States that has not
been considered at the time it was necessary to
consider it, or which we are not perfectly willing:
and ready to consider at any moment it shall be
prepared for our consideration.
Now, sir, with reference to this particular bill,
I have simply a few words to say. I agree with
the honorable Senator from Virginia that at this
period of our history, when we have a war upon
us and the great question of enforcing the laws and
the Constitution of the country, it is not worth our
while unnecessarily to rake up old grievances or
to make new ones. I agree perfectly with him on
that subject; yet, sir, he will admit with me, un-
questionably, when he comes to consider it, that
there are some subjects which we must consider;
the public mind demands that we should consider
them; and when we do, we consider them not only
in accordance with or from the dictates of our own
judgment, but in obediencc to the public senti-
ment of the country. Take, for instance, the fact
which is admitted on all hands that the generals ot
our armies are undertaking to use military force
to return fugitive slaves. There is no question
about the fact that some of them are doing it. Sir,
do you suppose, however agreeable this may be to
the masters and owners of slaves, that the great
masses of the people of the free States who have
sent their sons and their brothers into the Army
to conquer arid put down rebellion, will submit
that those sons and those brothers shall be used
by military force for the purpose of returning fu-
gitive slaves, and be engaged in that business?
No, sir; no, sir; the people of the free States will
not consent to it. It is not the purpose for which
they entered the Army. It is notthe purpose for
which we make appropriations here. It may be
agreeable and beneficial to individuals, but it is a
perversion not only of the object for which these
men periled their lives and their property, but ot
any appropriations thatwc make for the support
of the Army and Navy of the United States.
Mr. CAR.LILE. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Certainly, with great
pleasure.
Mr. CAR.LILE. If I said anything to warrant
the inference that I desired the military to be used
for any such purpose 
Mr."FESSENDEN. _ Not at all. I said there
were some things on which the honorable Senator
from Virginia would agree with me, and I trust
this is one of them. I make those remarks not on
anything that fell from him, but it is one of those
subjects upon which there miehtbe complaints in
certain quarters, and 1 have heard them not in the
slave States alone, so to speak, but in the free
States, that we are discussing the negro question.
Now, sir, when the negro question presents itself
m a shape like that, the Senator must allow that
the public sentiment of the free States must be
heard on that question, and heard in the Halls of
Congress; and when the House of Representa-
tives passes a lull to prohibit any interference by
military force for this purpose, and when a bill is
brought into this Senate on the same ground and
to accomplish the same object, 1 say it is our sol-
emn duty at once to act upon it. decidedly, thor-
oughly. I have three sons in the Anny out of
four, and 1 never would consent that one of them
should be there if his life was to be periled, ex-
posed to sickness or other dangers, under the au-
thority of men who ordered him to arrest fugitive
slaves and return them to their masters. That
must be done by operation of law by another
course of proceeding, and I feel as indignant as
my fellow-citizens of the North feel,as my fellow-
citizens of the West feel, when this thing is suf-
fered under this administration oftheGovernment,
or under any administration of the Government.
It is an outiage to which I will not submitunless
I am compelled to submit to it. Therefore, sir,
when a bill is brought in here to arrest this evi!:,
and to provide that any officer who undertakes to
use the military force under his command for such
a purpose shall be stricken from the rolls of the
Army, and we are obliged to speak to it, let no
man say we are leaving the proper business of
Congress to discuss negro questions: it is a ques-
tion of human right, and a question which moves
me as much as any man in the community, fori
have as deep an interest in it.
So, sir, with regard to this question now before
the Senate, which is of an inferior character, per-
haps, to that; it is to the same extent, no more.
It says simply that the law in this District shall
not be perverted—and I apply it simply to this
particular thing—for the purpose of enforcing the
return of fugitive slaves to their masters by ap-
propriating the money of the United States to the
confinement of these men, in the first place, and
then keeping them there an indefinite period of time
to await the call that may be made for them from
Maryland, or from the District,or anywhere else.
Sir, I do not wish to interpose the slightest ob-
jection to the operation ofany law upon the statute-
book. If it is the fugitive slave law, so be it; let
it operate according to its provisions. I have
never stood here or elsewhere to denounce the op-
eration of a law of the land so long as it continued
upon the statute-book. I do not stand here now
for that purpose; but if there is an abuse grown
up under it, if men are outraged, if the money and
the laws of the people are perverted for the pur-
pose of serving the objects of the masters of slaves,
it is time for us to interfere; and if there is a man
in office who allows himself to be used for that
purpose it is our duty to call upon the President
to strike him off, let him be whom he may. I
know nothing of these facts except as they appear
here, and have been stated in debate.
Now, sir, as to the details of this bill; I have
not examined it, but it comes within the same
class. I am ready, as 1 say to Senators and as I
say to the country, to come up to the pledge that
I gave the country as one of the Republican party
when it came into power, and that I have given
repeatedly since with reference to these matters,
that our object now is to put down rebellion, not
to emancipate the slaves of the country. We told
the people when we came into power that the
object of the Republican party was definite. It
was to preventthe extension ofslavery, not to ftee
slavesintheslaveStates. I adhere to it now. That
was the object for which we came into power.
We have raised an army and appropriated money,
and are about to tax the people, and have taxed 1
the people, for the purpose of putting down rebel-
lion and sustaining the laws and Constitution of
the land; and not for the pui pose of emancipating
slaves in the slave States. But, sir, as I said be-
fore, if in that operation that thing follows, be it
so. If it is one of the necessary results, it comes
from the action of those who should have adhered
to their allegiance, and not placed themselves in
the position in which they have placcd themselves
before the country.. Therefore, sir, I am not to
be told by my Inends on my right, or my friends
on my left, the moment I see an abuse, simply
because it relates to people of color, that therefore
I am discussing the negro question. I tell them
if they find fault with me simply because I lay
my hand upon a gross and outrageous abuse, I
am not to be deterred from doing it by any clamor
or any outcry. It is our duty; and we must do
our duty under all circumstances, as well with
regard to the District of Columbia as with icgard
to the country at large. We are not limited, ex-
cept by the bounds of the empiie, and no pait of
it is too small for oui notice.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I intend to
vote for the bill just as it came from the commit-
tee,and I intend to vote against every amendment
unless I can sec clearly that it legitimately be-
longs to the bill. As I understand it, and I have
read it very carefully, the bill merely correctsan
abuse which should long since have been cor-
rected. It supplies a deficiency in the adminis-
