1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Mr. BLAIR, of "Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that demand for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Bingham, and Mr. Blair of Virginia.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 52, noes 23; no quorum voting.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, when the following-named
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Samuel S.
Blair, Burnham, Campbell, Conway, Cooper, Covode,
Delaplalne, Ely, English, Fisher, Fouke, Frank, Goodwin,
Granger, Grider, Guiley, Hale, Uanehett, Jackson, Kelley,
William Kellogs, Keirigan, KiUinger, Itnapp, Lansing,
Leary, Logan, McKean, Marston, May, Maynard, Nugen,
Perry, John 8. Phelps, Pomeroy, Richardson, Itiddle,
James S. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Smith, William G.
Steele, Stratton, Trowbridge, Vandever, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Verree, Vibbard, Wall, Webster, Whaley, and
Wood.
The roll having been called, the doors were
closed, and the names of absentees called for
excuses, as follows:
John B. Alley. No excuse offered.
Isaac N. Arnold.
Mr. ROBINSON. I met Mr. Arnold, when
on my way to the Capitol, hunting for his child,
which was lost. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Goldsmith F. Bailey. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Blair. No excuse offered.
Alfred A. Burnham. No excuse offered.
James II. Campbell. No excused offered.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to go back and excuse
my colleague, Mr. Bailey. He has been obliged
to leave the city on account of severe indisposition.
I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Martin F. Conway.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Conway is confined
to his room by severe indisposition. I move he
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas B. Cooper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that Mr. CoorER be
excused, as he is detained from the House by
sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Isaac C. Delaplaine. No cxcuse offered.
Alfred Ely.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Ely is confined to his room
by sickness. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James E. English. No excuse offered.
George P. Fisher. No excuse offered.
Philip B. Fouke. No excuse offered.
Augtstus Frank. No excuse offered.
John N. Goodwin. No excuse offered.
Bradley F. Granger. No excuse offered.
Henry Grider.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Grider has leave of
absence.
John A. Gurlf.y. No excuse offered.
James S. Hale. No excuse offered.
Luther Hanchett. No excuse offered.
James S. Jackson.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Jackson is in the
Army, and 1 move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
William D. Kelley. No excuse offered.
William Kellogg. No excuse offered.
James E. Kerrigan. No excuse offered.
John W. Killinger. No excuse offered.
Anthony L. Knapp.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that Mr. Knapp be
excused, as he is confined to his room by sick-
ness.
- The motion was agreed to.
William E. Lansing. No excuse offered.
Cornelius L. L. Leaky. No excuse offered.
John A. Logan. Mr. Logan being in the Army,
was excused.
James B. McKean.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. McKean has embarked
on board a vessel at the head of his regiment. I
move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Gilman Marston.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Marston is in the mili-
tary service of bis country, at the head of his regi-
ment. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry May.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move that Mr. May be
excused, on account of indisposition.
The motion was agreed'to.
Horace Maynard. No excuse offered.
Robert H. Nugen.
Mr. COX. Mr. Nugenis absent on important
public business. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Nehemiah Perry. No excuse offered.
Mr. DUNN. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call being
dispensed with, the doors were ordered to be
opened.
JOSEPH SEGAK—AGAIN.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the subject was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIGIBILITY TO OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill declaring cer-
tain persons ineligible to office; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
PAYMENT OF THE TUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. WICKLIFFE introduced a bill to provide
funds in part to pay the interest and principal of
the public debt; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill to repeal an
act entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and cul-
tivators;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXECUTION OF LEADING REBELS.
Mr. EDGERTON introduced a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Ohio, relative to
the execution of the leading rebels; which was
laid oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
GENERAL BURNSIDE AND COMMANDER EOWAN.
Mr. COX introduced the following joint reso-
lution; which was read a first and second time:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
the thanks of Congress are eminently due and are hereby
tendered to General Buni«ide and the officers and soldiers
of his command, and to Commander Rowan and the offi-
cers and sailors under him, for the dutiful andgallantman-
ner in which they eanicil ont the very minute instruc-
tions of the general commanding the Army," thusfulfilling
his expectations, as well as thu-e of the country, in tile
triumphant victoiy of the Union forces at Newborn.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will not ob-
ject to the passage of this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under this call all bills and
resolutions must be referred, and they cannot be
brought back under a motion to reconsider.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Militaiy Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I was tempo-
rarily absent when the State of California-was
called, and I now ask leave to introduce a bill for
reference only.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I call for the regu-
lar order of business. I object.
DEFENSE OF DELAWARE RIVER AND BAY.
Mr. NIXON introduced joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey, relative
to the defenses of the Delaware bay and river,
proposing to make the necessary expenditures for
this object, in conjunction with the States of
Pennsylvania and Delaware, provided that Con-
gress shall by its action authorize the same; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
LIEUTENANT G. U. MORRIS.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING offered the following
resolution; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby
presented to Lieutenant George U. Morris, his officers and
men, for gallant services on boaid the United States ship
Cumberland in her engagement in Hampton Roads, on the
Sth of March, A. D. 1S62, with the rebel frigate Merrimac.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. DUELL introduced a joint resolution,
giving a construction to the second section of the
act of February 3, 1853, to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Maine relating to national affairs;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
FREEDOM NATIONAL, SLAVERY SECTIONAL.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to render free-
dom national and slavery sectional; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for resolutions.
PRINTING OF EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That Executive Document No. 243, first ses-
sion Twenty-Eouith Congiess, Executive Document No.
124, first sovsion Twenty-Sixth Congiess, and Executive
Document No. 5, first session Thirty-Second Congress, be
printed.
INDIAN DISTIUCTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to consolidate the Indian
districts of the State of California, and to quiet
the title to one of the reservations therein men-
tioned; which was read a fust and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN DEPARTMENT OF UTAII.
Mr. ALDRICH submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaryof the Iuterior be. and is
hereby, requested to furnish to the House of Representa-
tives a list of the property belonging to the United States in
the Tndian depaitment of the Territory of Utah, returned
by Brigbam Young at the close of his term of office as su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for that Territory, together
with such evidence, receipts, or vouchers as may be on file
in the Jndian department, showing the disposition made of
such property at the close of his said term ; also, that the
Secretary furnish the property-return made by Jacob For-
ney fust after he assumed the discharge of his duties as
superintendent of Indian affairs in the Teintory of Utah.
GOLD MINES OF THE WEST.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to mquiie into the expediency of the Govern-
ment oigamzing a laige force of miners, fully provided with
all the nuK'hineiyand provisions neeessaiy for mining suc-
cessfully, to pruceed to the gold mines of the West, and work
the same foi the benefit of the Government, as a means of
defraying the expenses of the war.
ARMY PAYMASTERS.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas on the 12th day of December, 1861, the follow-
ing i esolution was adopted by the House, to wit:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be lequested to
furnish to this House a list of the paymasters and additional
paymasters now in the service of the United States, and of
all other peisons connected with the paymaster's depart-
ment, specifying the States and Teiritories from which they
have been lespectiveiy appointed, the amount of money dis-
bursed by each since the commencement of the piescnt war,
and for what puipose, and the amount of money now in
their hands respectively, or unaccounted for; and that he
also be requested to state the salary and compensation of
each paymaster and additional paymaster per month, in-
cluding office rent, cletk hire, and ail other compensation
and expense chargeable to the Government, except mile-
age; and also the average mileage of the p.ivmastcis per
month, or for any other definite period, as may he most
convenient; also whether, in his opinion, any of said offi-
cials can be dispensed with."
To which resolution no response has been made by the
Secretary of War: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
