318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tration of the law in this District) such as does
not exist in any State of the Union* and-1 will
venture to say, any Territory of thecountry. The
idea, as stated by the honorable Senator from
Iowa, that people of any kind, whether white or
black, can be incarcerated and kept in jail fot an
indefinite period of time without the accuser ap-
pearing at the bar, in my idea, is going back into
the middle ages; it is a disgrace to our system of
jurisprudence and laws, as administered within
this District. Your courts meet here three times
.a year. It is the duty of the grand juries when
they'are convened to see that every person incar-
cerated is brought to the bar of the court and there
indicted for some offense, or be discharged. If
one of the persons incarcerated happens to be a
fugitive slave, there ought to be some limitation
to his incarceration, the same as if he were a free
citizen. The time within which your courts meet
is sufficient and ample to enable the owner to sue
out his writ of habeas corpus, or his process, and
have the right to the slave tried; and if he does
not appear within the time prescribed by the laws
here for the meeting of your courts, the alleged
fugitive ought to be discharged, as every other
person arrested for any offense should be.
Mr. President, I rose simply to say that I in-
tended to vote for this bill,and to putmyself right
on the record as to the reasons which influenced'
me. As for the diversified discussion which has
arisen upon this measure, I thipk myself, since
each Senator has expressed his opinion, it would
have been far more becoming for us the very mo-
ment the bill was introduced, unless the discus-
sion legitimately applied to it, to have voted upon
it in order that we might remedy that which here-
tofore has been a disgrace upon both branches of
Congress.
Mr. HOWE. One word, the Senator from
Maine says, brings on another. He rose to re-
ply to a remark made by the Senator from Ohio.
I rise simply to add to a remark made by him to
complete a notice which he has given to the coun-
try. it was that the national Legislature were
attending to their proper duties; not neglecting
the subject of finance, and by and by would sub-
mit to the country their results, and that whether
they would be satisfactory or not to the country
time alone could develop. I wish to give notice
to the country that they will not only submit re-
sults, but the results will be eminently satisfac-
tory. We shall tax the people to their heart's
content, [laughter,] and by and by we shall so
perfect the executive action of this Government
that their taxes will he expended more legitimately
and more honestly than I fear they have hereto-
foie been done. We have not been able to per-
fect that operation as yet; but the work is going
on, and I think the prospect ahead is brighter
than it has been. It certainly cannot be darker
than it has been. So much for what we are about
to do on the subject of finance.
Now I want to reply to one remark submitted
by the Senator from Virginia. I sympathize with
him entirely in his feelings of dislike and dissat-
isfaction to this constant agitation of the question
of slavery and of slaveholding. I dislike it. We
have had too much of it. It ought to be aban-
doned. It may be, and by the simplest of all
methods in the world; and 1 am about to submit
that method to the consideration of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, and of the honorable Sen-
ators from every State represented here. It is this:
if you will bring into these Halls no measure
which invokes the power of the General Govern-
ment to protect, to extend, or to perpetuate the
institution of slavery, we shall have no more dis-
cussion of the subject here; but if you do bring
such measures here you must recollect, arid every
man must rccollcct, that there are classes of con-
stituencies represented here. The one does not
like slavery. Thpy say they do not, and I believe
them. I believe them because I understand them
to be truthful men, and are likely to tell the truth
on that subject; and I believe them because they
testified their dislike to it in the most imposing
form and manner it was possible to do it, by re-
jecting it from their own communities. The other
class approve of it, I understand, because they
have not rejected it from their own communities.
So long as you persist in bringing such measures
here where these two classes of constituencies arc
represented, you must expect to hear conflicting
views.
But 1 have this to say on behalf of the constitu-
ency I represent and of similar constituencies: I
do not remember, in my history of legislation, one
single question, one single measure, proposed to
the national Legislature, or either branch of it,
involving a discussing of the question of slavery,
butwhat it has been proposed here by the friends
of the institution itself. That is my recollection of
the history of slavery agitation in Congress. There
have beenaseriesof those measures,moreorless,
and generally more and still more repugnant to the
northern constituencies of this country, one after
the other following in quick succession. I date
them back to 1844; others may not go back so far,
and others still will go back further than that, ne-
cessarily involving a discussion of the question.
The result of each one of these discussions has
been not to increase the attachment, the love, or
the affection of the northei*n part of this'country
for that institution. And now,at la'st—and now,
at last, sir, I say, fori think it is the last—we have
seen a rebellion inaugurated in the name of sla-
very, forits defense, for its protection,for its pres-
ervation—a rebellion so gigantic in its propor-
tions, so hideous in all its aspects, that I declare
the very angels may well stand aghast at it; and
now we must be pardoned if we do not grow any
more in love with the institution of slavery, or
with the business of slaveholding because of this.
But in spite of this, I have to repeat what I said in
the outset, that if Senators will remember to bring
into this Chamber and these Halls no measure
which does not invoke the power of the General
Government, or any portion of the General Gov-
ernment, to protect or to extend this institution,
we may be freed from discussions of this kind;
and I know of no other way in which it can be
done.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am accus-
tomed to be in my seat. I have eyes to see and
ears to listen, and I think I can comprehend the
language that is uttered on this floor. I do not
know what the Senator from Ohio heard or what
he understood. I did not speak for him. I spoke
for myself. Just before the holidays the Senator
from Virginia addressed the Senate on this sub-
ject. I listened to his speech then. I witnessed
his manner then with surprise. I do not know
what the Senator from Ohio thought of it. I know
his speech made a sensation on this side of the
Chamber. To-day he comes into the Senate and
talks about a few negroes in jail in the District of
Columbia being used to excite prejudice against
a portion of the country. I understood his lan-
guage in December to be the language of reproach
and rebuke to those of us here'who are endeav-
oring to right wrongs. I understood his language
to-day to be of the same import.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, my manner
may have been unfortunate; but if I do not re-
spect others, I certainly have some respect for
myself; and I think that self-respect would never
allow me to useanything like threatening language
to Senators on this floor. Nor have I acted under
any such conception. My idea of the rules of this
body is, that such language is not permitted; and
you have no right to impute to others motives
that they do not avow.
I concur fully with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and always have concurred in deprecating the
agitation of this question of slavery; and when I
spoke of slavery agitation, I intended to apply it
as much to the agitation on that subject in my
own section of the country as in any other section
of the Union. I certainly never have attempted
to introduce into Congiess any measure to pre-
serve, protect, or extend the institution of sla-
very ; nor am I aware that any one representing a
slaveholding State has introduced any such prop-
osition in either branch of Congress since the
commencement of this Congress.
One word more, sir. I entered the Thirty-Fourth
Congress with a determination never to open my
mouth on thesubjectof slavery. That resolution
should have been adhered to through the whole
of my life if I had not thought the discussion that
was going on prior to the remarks to which the
Senator from Massachusetts has referred as being
made by myself before the holidays was preju-
dicial to the cause which I believe every Senator
here has at heart as much as myself—the preser-
vation of the Union; that Union for which I have
always entertained a devotion of which I cannot
speak; a Union that is always associated in my
mind with the fact that my*bwn State, in the days
of the Revolution, sent to Massachusetts her
Washington to fight the battles of theNorth, while
our glorious little sister, Rhody, sent her .own
Quaker Greene to my own section to fight the
battles of the South. May it be perpetual!
Mr. WILSON. After the remarks just made
by the Senator from Virginia, I have no disposi-
tion to pursue this discussion farther. I recognize
differences of opinion here; and I always listen
patiently to any Senator on that side of the Cham-
ber, or any gentleman who chooses to defend the.
institution of slavery, and I never indulge in re-
proaches to him personally for it. But, sir, for
seven years I have sat in this Chamber and listened
to denunciations, reproaches, rebukes, and every
manner of indignity and insult by a domineering
and insolent majority—a class of men who are
now traitors against their country.
Mr. CARLILE. Will my friend allow me to
say to him that he ought not to visit the sins of
my predecessors upon my head ?
Mr. WILSON. Now that they are out of this
Chamber, I do not wish to be reproached or re-
buked by anybody; and I felt that the Senator
from Virginia, the other day, did reproach us, did
chide us, ^ rebuke us; I felt that his language
meant that to-day, and I wanted to call his atten-
tion to it. I did it without the intention of any
unkindness to him then and now; but the remarks
that he has made have disarmed me from anjforit-
icism. I certainly do not wish to say anything
that the Senator from Virginia shall feel to be per-
sonally unkind.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the amend-
ment which is the question before the Senate read.
The VICE PRESIDENT., It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert in
the third line of the first section, after the word
"judgment," the words, " and fugitive slaves,"
so that the clause will read:
That all persons except persons held in final judgment,
and fugitive slaves, who were confined ia the jail of the
District of Columbia, &c.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that the same amend-
ment occurs in the second section, and the ques-
tion can be taken on both together.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish, if it is not out of
order, to speak to the question before the Senate
for a moment. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will not
rule the Senator out of order for speaking to the
question before the body. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I thank the Chair.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky seemed to be apprehensive that under
this bill, unless his amendment be adopted, there
might be such a thing as that a fugitive slave, or
one who is suspected of being such, might actually
be released from prison. Is not that idea perfectly
shocking, [laughter,] especially if he has been
confined there only a few days before the session
of the court ended? He seemed to put the ques-
tion whether we really desired that; and he said
if we did, we would vote against his amendment.
Well, sir, strange as it may appear to the gen-
tleman's apprehension, we do desire that very
thing.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me
one word. I made no remarks, or did not intend
to do so at least, about persons suspected of being"
fugitive slaves. The Senator I know is too good
a lawyer to imagine that a person suspected of
being a slave would not have a light to a writ of
habeas corpus, and have the matter inquired into,
and be released without any aid of this law; and
so with every other person that is held there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have understood that the
Senator belonged to that school which held to the
doctrine of the Dred Scott decision, that a negro
or person of African descent had no rights that a
white man was bound to respect. That was what
the Supreme Court said. How can he—a poor
negro m jail—talk about habeas corpus ?
Mr. POWELL. I never understood the court
to decide any such thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have read the very words
on the floor of the Senate two or three times; that
is, if we can take the words of the Chief Justice
as being the decision of the Supreme Court. That
is what ho says. You talk of his getting a writ
