1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
one, both as to the giver and the receiver, as to
the official and to the non-official.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me make a suggestion.
I suggest that this bill be postponed, and made
the special order for to-morrow, at one o'cloc"k.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am perfectly willing to
consult the pleasure of the House on the subject.
The committee obeyed the order of the House in
immediately making this report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am apprehensive that there
arc cases which are not, but which ought to be,
embraced in this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. There may be some confu-
sion in the language, but on looking at the bill the
gentleman will find that, so far as officials are con-
cerned, it is as comprehensive now as the wit of
man can make it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the bill will be
found sufficient for the purpose.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that it be entered
upon the Journal of the House that that bill was
passed unanimously.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to amend the title
of the bill by adding to it the words, 44 and for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPETENCY OP WITNESSES.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to re-
port back biilofthe House (No.390) in relation to
the competency of witnesses in trials in equity and
admiralty, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the laws
of the State in which the court shall be held shall
be the rules of decision as to the competency of
witnesses in the courts of the United States, in
trials in equity and admiralty, as in trials at the
common law.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that the gentleman
from Massachusetts'will permit me to offer an
amendment to this bill, to the effect that nothing
in the bill shall be so construed as to exclude any
person from acting as a witness on account of his
color.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
make an explanation of the bill, and 1 cannot now
yield to the gentleman to submit his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Tins is not a private
bill, and 1 object to its reception.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
Mr.THOMAS,ofMassachusctts. Mr.Speaker,
the object of tins bill is simply this; under the
statute of 1789, m relation to the proceedings and
practice in the courts of the United States, it was
provided that the laws of the State in iclation to
proceedings and practice, should obtain in the
courts of the United States in all cases at common
law. But it was not provided that those laws
should obtain in suits m equity and admiralty.
The result has been, while the laws of evidence
of States have been changed substantially in equity
and at common law, that the modification has
been made in the courts of the United States only
in suits at common law. The resultto-day is this:
if a man brings an action for infringement of his
patent, he is a competent witness.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not hear what the gen-
tleman has just stated.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If a man
brings a suit at common law for injury to his
patent to recover damages he is a competent wit-
ness, butifhe desires, which is more often the case,
togetaninjunctionagairiRtthc party,and he brings
a suit m equity in the same tribunal, he is not a
competent witness. It is tho same with cases m
admiralty. A party who is a claimant in a suit
cannot be a witness, but if he had a remedy at
common law he could be a witness. 1 beg leave
to say that I have had communication on this sub-
ject with some of the judges of the United Skates
courts. The bill was prepared with the sanction
of one of the-justices of the Supreme Court; and
I know that its passage is desired by the district
court in Massachusetts, and by many eminent
lawyers in different parts of the United States. I
have received several letters urging its passage.
I do not see that the bill affects at all the posi-
tion of the gentlemamfrom Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy.] He desires a thing which I sanctioned
by my vote the other day; and I have no hesita-
tion in saying here or elsewhere, that no witness
should, in the courts of the United States, be «r-
cluded as a witness on account of his color or race.
But this bill does not affirm the laws on that sub-
ject. I may add that in some of the States the
law has been so modified that witnesses are ad-
mitted who were formerly excluded on account
of their color. In all those cases this bill will
work in their favor. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereoflhe bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed.to.
JUDGE WEAT1IERBY.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Judge Weatherby,
of Michigan, for compensation for services ren-
dered in laying out land by order of the Govern-
ment, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
GRADE OF OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (H. R. No. 280) to establish and equalize
the grade of the line officers of.thc United States
Navy, with Senate amendments thereto.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and brought before the House for action.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the House in-
sist upon their disagreement to the Senate amend-
ments, and grant a committee of conference to
meet a committee already appointed by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed, as
such committee upon the part of the House, Mr.
Skdgwicic, Mr. Potter, and Mr. English.
BETTER ORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill (No.
348) for the better organization of the Navy, re-
turned from the Senate with a notice that they
disagree to our amendments thereto.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the table and brought before the House for
action.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the House in-
sist upon their amendments to the bill, and ask a
committee of conference of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed, as
such committee upon the part of the House,
Messis. Sedgwick, Portek, and Browne of
Rhode Island.  
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. F. A. CONKXINGr. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (S. No. 3G) to authorize the Sec-
retaiy of the Navy to accept the title to League
Island, in the Delaware river, for naval purposes,
be taken from the Speaker's table, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ARNOLD objected.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the Senate amendments
to the post loute bill, that they may be acted on.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table and brought before the
House for action.
" jVlr. COLFAX. The Senate have added six ad-
ditional post routes to the bill, and nothing else.
I hope they will be agreed to.
The amendments were agreed to
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred-in; and
also moved to lay the motion-to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment, a
bill (S. No. 98) to amend an act entitled " An act
to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and in-
toxicating drinks in the District of Columbia in
certain cases," approved August 5, 1861.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state that this amend-
ment, reported by the Judiciary Committee, is
merely a formal amendment to make this bill more
perfect than when it came from the Senate.
I beg further to say that the bill is simply in
aid of a statute which was passed at the July term;
that the general purpose is to give summary juris-
diction to the local magistrates of this District for
the punishment of persons licensed in this Dis-
trict, in abusing that privilege, in this: that they
sell them, to be drunk in the places where sold, to
the soldiers of the country, to the injury of the
public service.- And, in order that there may be
no delay, we have inserted g formal amendment,
that a conviction may be had before the local'civil
magistrates in the District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
SERVICE OF PROCESS BY INDIFFERENT PERSONS.
Mr. BINQHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it be laid on the table, a bdl (S. No. 291) pro-
viding for the issuing of process to,'and the ser-
vice of the same by, indifferent persons.
The bill was laid on the table.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MAINE.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 93) for changing
the place for holding the September term of the
district court of the United States for the district
of Maine.
The bill was ordered to be rfcad a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHT OF CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported adversely a bill (H. R. No. 202)
to extend the right of citizenship to certain Mexi-
can citizens m the Territory of New Mexico.
The bill was laid on the table.
* NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from a committee of confer-
ence, made a report, which was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House (No. 42J) making
appropnations for the naval service lor the year ending 30th
June, 1863, having met, after full and fiee eonfeience, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses!, as follows :
That the House recede from then disagreement to the
Senate's second, fouith, twenty-ninth, tlui'ty-fourth, forty-
second, and forty-eighth amendments, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede fiom their eleventh, nineteenth,
twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-fnth, twenty-sixth, thiity-
fiist, forty-first, foity-thnd, andfoity-sevcnth amendments
That the Senate leeede Jiom then disagreement to the
amendment of the IIou&e to their fourteenth amendment,
and acrce to the same.
That the House iccede ftom then disagreement to the
Senate's tortj-s-itth amendment, and asiee to the same with
an amendment,as follow^: alter the woid ,k thnty,"m line
thice ot said amendment, add the woid five."
That the House recede tioin then di-ajji cement to so much
of the Senate's twenty-second amendment a-j proposes to
ntsei t the wokN " Proi vied. The rfeeietaiy ot the Navy can
pi noure a satisfactory title to the \\ hole t'liei eof, sixty-five
thousand." and ayree to the sime \\ ith the follow nig: strike
out the woids piopo-ed to be m-eited. and aftei the woid
'• doliair.." in line rw^ntj - torn , ius>ei t PioiiJeth The chief
ot the Bureau of Yaids and Dock< be, and he i-> heieby, au-
thorized to purchase that portion ot Seavey's Island lying
west of the load, and foi such sum as to him may seem rea-
sonable and just to the Government.''
That the Henaie recede fioni so inuph of then twenty-
