1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
of habeas corpus! He is not a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, even if he is a free man, according to
that decision.
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand the Senator
to say that in the Dred Scott decision the court
decided that a man of color has no rights? Did
not the court allude to political lights?
Mr. COLLAMER. I cited the very words of
the Chief Justice. Now, sir, Senators have got
into a discussion about slaves and negroes and all
that. The subject of slavery or of negroes is not
in the bill at all. Neither of the words is there.
If there has been a great deal of discussion and
talk on those topics, it was introduced by those
who are objecting to the bill. They bring the
subject in, and talk about it.
Mr. President, I hold that no man should be
confined in a prison of a State or of the United
States without legal process. I do not care what
his color is;' he should not be confined here nor
anywhere else without legal process. Now, I dis-
tinctly understand, and I believe the point is
not disputed, that colored people—negroes, if you
please—are put into the jail in this District of Co-
lumbia, the seatof the great nation which is " the
home of the free," and are confined there with no
legal process whatever, day after day, week after
week, and I do not know but month after month
—perhaps months together. There is not a scrap
of paper left with the jailor by virtue of which he
holds the man. I.do not care whether that man
has been confined there one day or ten days, the
earlier he can be dismissed the better for the coun-
try. If they call him a fugitive slave, if the fugitive
slave law relates to the District, and I do not know
but it does—it relates to the States—he should be
confined by processofthecommissionerappointed
by the court; by legal process.
These persons who are in the jail are confined
there without any process whatever. A part of
them are said to be confined there at the request
of their masters for safe-keeping. I do not know
but they are apprehensive of their being turbulent.
I suppose they are more apprehensive that they
will run away. But no matter; they are put in
there by the will and pleasure of the master. An-
other class are suspected of being runaways, and
because they are of that color they are confined,
waiting and waiting for somebody to come and
claim them, just as if it were very desirable that
they should all have an owner; and it was the
duty of the Government to confine every one of
them until you could find an owner for him; or,
if you could not find one, you would sell him.
[Laughter.] I protest against this thing utterly
from beginning to end.
This amendment proposes that they shall not
be dismissed if they are fugitive slaves. Why
should they not be dismissed at the end of the
term at any rate if there is nothing proven against
them ? The truth is, and that is the fact about it, as
I understand it, they arc confined there without
any process whatever. I am told that in the slave-
holding part of the country they do confine colored
persons in jail, and advertise them, &c. I do not
know what laws they may have for confining
them. I take it they have some law. At any
rate, they should not be confined without law any-
where. Those States make such laws as are
adapted to their condition, I suppose. I take it,
if the State of Virginia has a law for confining a
colored man, it has some mode of getting him out
if he is a free man. It is said by the Senator from
Maryland that that is the case in his State; but 1
understand thathere, if there are any laws on this
subject at all, they began in such a condition of
things that there has never been one single step
of amendment, and they have never been ameli-
orated at all. Persons are confined here on ac-
countoftheircolor,waitingand waiting,and there
is no end to it; nobody can put an end to it. There
is no process for it; no law for it that anybody
can find.
Now, sir, I trust and hope that this amendment
will not be adopted. If there are fugitive slaves
coming within the fugitive slave law confined in
the jail, and they are discharged out of custody by
this bill, proceedings can be taken in court for
them, and they can be again secured. I am ready,
however, to pass any bill that shall discharge all
people from custody who are in our jails without
legal process.
Mr. PEAllCE. Mr. President, I take it for
granted that my friend from Vermont would not
willingly or intentionally do injustice to any one,
especially to the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court. He seems to consider that the Chief Jus-
tice has avowed in his opinion in the Dred Scott
case that a negro had no rights that a white man
was bound to respect; and I understood him to
say that he read the very words in the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I read them here; and if
the gentleman will give me half an hour, if I can
find the book, I will read them again.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not in my power to grant
the Senator half an hour, but 1 will cheerfully
yield if he has the book. I recollect the contents
perfectly well, sir. The Chief Justice never said
a negro had no rights which a white man was
bound to respect. The Chief Justice knew per-
fectly well that in every slave State of this Union,
certainly in that Slate of which he is a citizen, a
negro has a great many rights which a white man
is bound to respect, and which the courts enforce.
I have seen them enforced myself. I have seen a
negro who had not been provided with a sufficient
amount of clothing or food, as he alleged, come
into court and confront his master, and tell him to
his face he had not been properly fed and clothed;
and I have seen the court inquire into the facts,
and punish the master by fine, and threaten him
with a greater one if he did not perform his duty.
Chief Justice Taney knew of that. But the con-
nection in which he used those words gives an
entirely different meaning to them. He spoke of
the opinions which had prevailed in. regard to this
subject race, and the manner in which they were
treated; and he said there was a period when men
seemed to think there were no rights belonging to
a negro which a white man was bound to respect.
Who can object to that language? That was his
language as I aver. I know it well.
Now, sir, I do not wish to occupy the time of
the Senate, and especially I do not want to say
anything that would produce an unpleasant feel-
ing; but I confess I was very much gratified with
some remarks made by my friend from Vermont,
and the earnestness with which he avowed the
principle that no man should be kept in jail, or
held in confinement, without havingaspeedy op-
portunity of trial and deliverance from the charge
against him. I was delighted to hear it; and if I
am permitted to do so, I mean to send a copy of his
remarks to some of my unfortunate white friends
now in Fort Warren. [Laughter.] It will rejoice
their hearts to know that a Senator so eminent as
my friend from Vermont thinks that every man
in this country has a right to be discharged from
confinement, or to be tried promptly for the offense
with which he is charged. Jt will be good news
to such people, sir, and to all others in the coun-
try who may fancy, or reasonably apprehend, per-
haps, that from some petty peccadillo,orfalse sug-
gestion of some base enemy, they themselves are
liable to share a confinement which, if it has a
beginning, does not seem to have any end; which
may last, for aught we know^inscp-r.ulasmculorum.
L am sure it will be good news for the political
prisoners at Fort Warren.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Maryland has
fallen into amistake; the same one that I did yes-
terday, in supposing that these fine sentiments are
intended for any present practical application.
[Laughter.] That is a mistake that I have fallen
in to.
I rose, however, simply for another purpose.
I am glad this bill is up, for this bill seems to have
struck a point that I have been aiming at for years
and never found,and that is a place where to hit.
[Laughter.] We have been strikingtoo high or too
low constantly; butwe havenowgotamean,right
exactly between wind and water, where we can
fire; and that is the marshal of this District. He
is neither too low nor too high, and seems to be
about the point. I hope by and by we can go a
little higher and a little lower and reach some
others. But the beautiful rhetoricof the honorable
Senator from Vermont was intended as some of
the declamations that are made here against ex-
travagance and profligate expenditures of the pub-
lic money. They are very beautiful and applica-
ble to every possible condition and state of things
except the one you have got right before the body;
and it docs not apply at all there. That, it seems
to me, is the mistake, if my friend from Mary-
land will allow me to say so, he has fallen into in
his reply to the Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. FOOT. Let the amendment be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, to msertin
line three of the first section after the word "judg-
ment" the words " and fugitive slaves;" Sfo that
it will read:
That all persons, except persons held in final judgment,
and fugitive slaves, who were confined la the jail of tile'
District of Columbia prior to the last term of the criminal
court in ant! for said District, and against whom no indict-
ment or indictments were found at said term, be, and they
are hereby declared to be, entitled to their liberty; and it is
hereby made the duty of the marshal of the District to set
all such persons at liberty without expense to such liberated
persons.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sure no l^ian will be-
lieve that I intended to pervert the opinions of a
court or any one else.
Mr. PEARCE. I know that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have given as careful a
reading as I could give to the opinion of Judge
Taney in the Dred Scott case. He argues that
such a thing would not be likely to happen, in
forming the Constitution of the united States, as
that they would at that time have made citizens,
if you please, of those who were of African de-
scent. He then goes into a statement, as the
gentleman says, showing what sentiments were
, entertained at that time in regard to these people,
not by way of censure, not oy way, as I know
of, of approbation, but simply showing what the
sentiment was. After going at considerable length
into that subject, he comes to the result that they
avowed that those people were persons who had
no rights that a white man was bound to respect.
That being the state and condition of the public
opinion, he goes on to reason from that that they
would not be likely to give any rights to them, that
that was their condition in the estimation of the
people then, when the Constitution was formed,
and that the Constitution did not alter it. That is
the way in which it is used, and that that position
of things in relation to them was left so from that
day to this. That is the tenor of that opinion, as I
read it and understand it. The words used in the
opinion, that an African had no rights which a
white man was bound to respect, are used in that
relation as being a sentiment enteitained by the
people at that period, and that therefore they
formed their institutions on those opinions, and
so retain them now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Kennedy, Pearce, Powell, and
Saulsbury—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessendcn,
Foot, Fo ter, Giimes, Hale, Hailan, TIairis, Ilowe, John-
son, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mc-
Dougall, Morrill, Ne mith, Pomeroy, Rico, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I now ask that my amend-
ment, which I indicated some time ago, may be
submitted. I propose, in the eighth line of the first
section, tg strike out the words " to their liberty,"
and insert, "be discharged from confinement."
That is the proper legal language, 1 think. I want
also to make other parts of the bill conform to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is understood not to urge his second
amendment of the same nature as the first.
Mr. POWELL. I understood that the vote
was taken on my whole proposition. I meant to
offer it as one amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The modification
suggested by the Senator fiom Maiyland will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection; and the bill will be so changed.
Mr. PEARCE. I will designate the parts of
the bill which I wish to have changed. In the
ninth line of the first section the word "set"
should be stricken out, and " discharged" in-
serted; and the words " at hbeity," in the same
line, should be changed to 44 from confinement,"
and the words " all such respectively confined
persons" inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These amendments
will be made, there being no objection.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I am afraid the bill is not
exactly right tn one of its features. By the second
section it is made the duty of. the criminal court,
at the end of each term, to discharge all persons
