1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under the genius of Toussaint, returned to bless
the land. Then, sir, who shed the blood which is
held up to frighten us, and why was it shed ? It
was not libeity, but the savage conspiracy to re-
store half a million of people to slavery. The expe-
dition of Lcclerc, with six thousand men, came in
the hallowed name of liberty, with the salutations
of Napoleon. It read thus:
'• Government sends you tile captain general, Lcelere.
He takes with jjim a large fojcc to pjotect you against 5'our
enemies and those oi the Republic. Should any one sav to
you these forces arc designed to rob 5*011 of your freedom* re-
ply, the Republic has given us our freedom, the Itcpublic
win never suffer us to be depuved of it. ilaliy around your
captain geneial."
Well, sir, what was the result? The submission
of Toussaint was obtained, and the captain gen-
eral surrounded himself with those who were se-
cretly conspiiing to restore slavery, just as some
people would like to bring to places of influence
the conspirators against our liberty. They began,
like Floyd, quietly to disarm the people, including
the blacks; and that accomplished, like our con-
spirators, they tore off the mask and proclaimed
slavery or extermination. Then it was, and not till
then, that the scenes of carnage ensued, against
which we are warned; and, sir,the blood that was
then shed in the heroic struggle of the blacks to
preserve then-rights, let no man charge to freedom,
but to the attempt of fifty thousand white men to
enslave five hundred thousand blacks. Let rather
the blood and the flames of that horrid struggle
impress the duty of peaceful emancipation.
If, when we shall have destroyed the rebellion
and removed forever its cause by emancipation,
the effort should be made to rcenslave them, the
instruction of St. Domingan experience will be of
priceless value. I would, Mr. Speaker, that I
could bi ing before you the manner in which eman-
cipation was effected in the British West Indies,
to show the quiet and peaceful transformation of
eight hundred thousand slaves from the gloom of
slavery to the enjoyment of absolute freedom in
a moment of time. I would like to tell of the joy,
the gratitude, and the devout thanksgivings to
Almighty God with which these people accepted
their freedom at the hands of Parliament, and of
the most perfect order and the steady, though, from
various adverse collateral causes, slow progress
of these islands in the march of civilization and
material prosperity; but time fails. I will simply
observe that the whole history of these islands,
from their emancipation to this day, should
strengthen our faith and inspire us with hope.
There is another appeal designed to frighten the
North, and warns us that the liberation, whether
sudden or giadual, of these slaves, will result in
their emigration to the northern States. Sir, itis
in the presence of this low aiguinent that patriot-
ism quails, and hesitates to strike the very heart
.of the rebellion. The prejudice of race lies at the
bottom of all our difficulty. We cannot got an
effectual confiscation o'f propei ty, lest it might
concede the power to emancipate the slaves of
rebels, and we must not do that out of fear lest the
black population of the North may be increased;
and so, after all, it is but this prejudice that is the
battery of our adversaries, masked behind the
brush-work of legal cjuillets. This appeal, how-
ever strongly urged, is without the slightest sanc-
tion of reason. Why should it be expectcd? It
would either be a voluntary or an involuntary emi-
gration. Why should it be voluntary? The slight-
est knowledge of human nature rebukes the phan-
tasm. These people are just as warmly attached
to the land of their birth as their masters; in-
deed, itis an accepted opinion among those most
observant of the negro character, that his attach-
ments are more local than those of other races.
In their native country they are not nomadic, and
so fixed is tluspecuharity of disposition, thateven
the superstitions of the early slaves connected the
place of the blessed with their native places in Af-
rica. But, sir, if this were even otherwise, I say
that no man ever yet fled from bondage in the
South who would not have returned had he been
assured of freedom. He will not exchange a genial
climate, adapted to his constitution, where winter
hardly chilis the heat of summer, for a northern
zone, where frost holds sway eight months of the
twelve.
Why, sir, there are slaves over here in Virginia
who, after being cairied away by their rebel mas-
ters to the South, have escaped and returned to
then old localities, and though the country is al-
most deserted, prefer to stay there and serve for
hire, so long as they can remain free; but if the
rebels should regain the country, or, if by any
means, their liberty would be in danger, they de-
clare their purpose to flee to the North. Some
have gone North—the ninety-three that disturbed
so much my colleague, [Mr. Bidhle}-—simply
because they had nowhere else to go. If they
had freedom secured they would go back. If this
prejudice prevails, and slavery is preserved, it will
swarm the North with these people. The slaves
are now all expecting to be free; they have begun
to taste liberty. Disappoint them, dash the cup
from their hps, and you increase their discontent
with their condition, so that where you have had
one runaway before, you will have a hundred.
Rut the best answer to this argument is past
experience. There are more free negroes in the
slave States than in the free States. In 1850 there
were two hundred and thirty-eight thousand in
the former, and one hundred and ninety-sixthou-
sand m the latter. Why did they not come to us,
for the census of I860 shows they remained and
counted two hundred and sixty thousand ? There
are more free negroes in the slave State of Mary-
land than in Pennsylvania—eighty.four thousand
in the former, and fifty-six thousand m the latter.
Virginia has fifty-eight thousand. If this tend-
ency of negro emigration northward is true, how
happens it that in the two States south of Pennsyl-
vania there are nearly three times more than with
us? Simply because they prefer to live there.
The truth is, as my colleague [Mr. Davis] well
said, if the South were free, the emigration of the
blacks would be from north thitherward. But
will there be forcible emigration? What motive
would there be for that? Would they try so stu-
pid a thing as to force out of their country a whole
race of productive laborers, the source of so much
of their wealth? No, sir; the labor of these people,
vastly increased by freedom, would be indispens-
able.
Will two hundred and ninety thousand whites
in South Carolina drive out four hundred and ten
thousand laborers? You can count on the selfish-
ness of mankind against that folly. Why, we
remember a short time since, while we sat here, a
convention of slaveholders sat in Baltimore with
a view to expatriate her eighty thousand free ne-
groes, but the enlightened Christian sentiments of
the State condemned it, and the convention con-
cluded that these people could not be spared from
their industrial pursuits. Will she think other-
wise if she should happen to liberate her eighty
thousand slaves ? What a sight to behold, indeed,
111 a State no sensible as to cherish the motto on
her shield: " Crcscitc ct multiphcamini" In-
crease and multiply." The same project was set
on foot m Tennessee, but the noble sentiments of
Judge Catron's letter found a response from every
manly bosom in the State, and it met the same fate
as in Maryland. No, sir; they would not do this
folly if they could, and could not if they would.
The Constitution, restored in all its power, would
forbid it, and would protect the emancipated.
Mr. Speaker, it is natutal that men should feel
some disquietude of mind in the presence of these
grave questions. Difficulties and doubts will al-
ways appear to attend great changes either in pub-
lic or private matters. When we cannot see the
precise duection of events unless we are guided
by fixed principles of action, we are apt to take
advice from our fears or our selfishness, and not
only magnify actual dangers but create new ones.
Let us not fret about the future, when the duties of j
the present press upon us. I admit, sir, if a man j
looks at this question only as it may range itself i
with the wicked and brutal elements of human !
character, and judge of results to be produced !
by such forces alone, that there would be cause of j
apprehension; but we must not forget the great ]
counter force of Christianity and the constantly ,
increasing influence which it exerts in shaping !
events. The statesman who ignores or forgets j
the quickness with which human life adapts itself j
to new conditions, and the force of the Christian j
religion as an actual power in the world,control-
ling and directing the habits and modes of thought
and feeling of men, is not fitted entirely for the
grave responsibilities of these times.
Let us not deceive ourselves about the near re-
turn of peace. When our victorious army shall
enter Richmond, it will only be a resting-place for
its weary legions. No peace wiilHalleck wm at
Corinth. Wehavebeen promised it £3-the re-
ward of each victory in turn, but yet it is afar .off*
Surely we have dealt gently with our enemies.
Wo have held back these powerful "engines of
military policy in the hope that the enemies of ttre
nation would return to reason and-repentance;
The olive branch has been held out now for more
than a twelvemonth. The distinguished Secretary
of State promised the world, a year ago in Jan-
uary, that posterity should be amazed at our mag-
nanimity. I think that at least ten generations
to come will believe that the pledge has been re-
deemed. Perhaps they will not call it magna-
nimity. At all events, it is time for us to try what
virtue there is in downright earnestness of pur-
pose. I have not a fear of its results, cither upon
the war or upon the welfare of the people. South
or North. I believe that even this generation will
realize the blessings which will flow from such a
policy. It will teach the world two things better
than they have ever been taughtbefore: the unity
of this nation, and the unity of the human fam-
ily. When peace shall come again, she will not
tarry with us as a wayfarer, but will dwell with
us. The nation, with all cause of fraternal strife
banished, will be fitted for a better life; and where
ever its flag shall floatit will command the respect
and the honor and the love of men.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. It is not
my purpose to enter upon this discussion and con-
fine myself to the constitutional and legal aspects
of this question. I do not profess to be deeply
read in all the nicc technicalities with which it is
attempted to bewilder and obstruct our steps to a
just and merited retribution upon treason and
hnughty and defiant rebellion. My course of life
has been in other paths than among ancient rec-
ords and musty volumes of English decisions of
the judges of the Crown. I prefer to live and
walk in the or when I do turn to look back,
I choose to watch the steps of those of the great
race to which we belong who moved forward and
sought to use the circumstances of their condi-
tion and times for their advantage and defense.
I do not arrogate to ourselves a higher degree of
wisdom than had the great men who have gone
before us, to deal with events that wheel in their
courses across the steady round of our circuit, and
startle nations with the glare of their train. I am
grateful for the recorded heroism of these men,
and am a willing student of the lessons they in-
scribed for us on every leaf of their lives wherein
they stood stoutly up to meet new dangers and
turn them drifting harmlessly away. 1 rejoice,
too, that as were the times so were the men they
bore fitted to match the events born with them;
and 1 do not believe that our great mother, so big
with the latter, is barren of heroes to grapple with
the events of this day.
The world never looked upon a crisis more
awful in its magnitude and fraught with more
momentous consequences than the present. A
more stubborn reality never stared a people in the
face than now meets us front to front, and chal-
lenges us to encounter it. For long years has the
power that has begotten this monster been nour-
ishing its strength with the vitality of the Repub-
lic, and sheltering itself under the guards of the
Constitution that it had procured to be construed
solely for its own convenience. It made decisions
to be registered by the supreme bench ithad filled.
It issued its decrees to political conventions, and
permitted thetn to choosc whom ithad designated
for their candidates. It flaunted its banners em-
blazoned with a popular motto, and cheated the
people it juggled after they had done its bidding.
The last eight years of its administration of this
Government, when Pierce and Buchanan were its
ready instruments, were the days of its reckless
and headlong assaults upon plighted faith and old
landmarks of adjusted difleicnccs. It flattered
the occupant of the chief executive office in the
Government with the hopes of a reelection, and
used him to break down the harrier it had thnty
years before helped to erect, under the pretense of
putting the question of popular institutions in the
hands of the people, and then, using the same in-
strument, sought to force itself upon a people who
hated it, by aimed power and lawless crusades.
Impunity was granted to its own outrages, for the
Administration dared not secure to the people the
sovereignty ithad promised, for that sovereignty
would make the State free. Here was itfirst foiled.
It could not manage the sovereigns as it had man-
