320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
>vho have been placed in confinement in the jail
prior to that time against whom indictments have
not been found. This is imperative, without quali-
fication. Now it may be that a person is confined
upon a criminal charge of the most serious charac-
ter; and yet by the imperative language of this
act it is made the duty of the court to discharge
him. I simply wish to correct the bill in that
particular, so that, that may not necessarily be the
rase, and I propose this amendment: after the
word " them," m the eighth line of the second
section, to insert "and except in criminal cases
where the court-in their discretion shall otherwise
direct." That will protect the community from
the effect of this statute, which would make it the
imperative duty of the court to discharge a mur-
derer at the expiration of the term against whom
no bill of indictment might be found, in conse-
quence of the spiriting away of the witnesses, or
in consequence of their being absent of their own
voluntary accord. My amendment perfects the
bill, and has no other effect than that.
Mr, COLLAMER. On first looking at this bill,
it appeared to me that some reservation or excep-
tion of that kind ought to be inserted, because it
eould easily be conceived that a man might be in
jail charged with felony, and he or his friends
spirit away the witnesses, so that the grand jury
could not find a bill, and at the end of the term it-
might be said that man ought not to be discharged.
It seemed to me, therefore, that some amendment
ought to be inserted to prevent a case of that kind;
but when I took the bill home and reflected 011 it,
it struck me otherwise. Take any case in any
State where persons are confined for crime. The
court is sitting; the prosecuting officers do not
present a bill because they cannot get at the wit-
ness; the man remains in prison. X know there
are different forms of process in different States
by which a man is confined, but they all result in
the same thing. In any such case, when the term
is through, if no bill is found, there is nothing left
further for the man to answer to, and he is dis-
missed from confinement by the operation of law.
The prosecuting officers of the Government know
this condition of things, ami know what is re-
quired, and they immediately take measures to
have him secured for another term. They recom-
mence the proper proceedings for that purose; and
they can do so here. He is not out of their reach;
they know that when the term ends he will be dis-
charged ; and they have all proper opportunity, if
they cannot get the witnesses, to take the neces-
sary proceedings anew and still hold him in cus-
tody. Therefore no provision in this bill isneeded
for that.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to add as an additional section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it furthc-r enacted, Tlmt imprisonment t'oi
debt, whether alleged to lie due in money, In service or
labor, or otherwise, be, and tile wimc is hereby, prohibited
wittuu the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator whether that subject is not a little too
broad a one to be included' in those terms in this
bill. This is a bill 111 relation to criminal process
entirely. Besides, the amendment in the general
terms in which it is offered, might cover cases
which the Senator would not desire to cover; such
as cases of fraud. We have legislation of this
kind in my State. Wc do notallow imprisonment
for debt simply. Imprisonment for debt has been
abolished in this District by Congress; but even
if it were necessary to make any provision on the
subject, I fear that this amendment would cover
cases of fraud, fraudulent concealment of prop-
erty, and things of that duscuption, which ought
not to be covered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been advised by my
friends around me to withdraw my amendment,
for the reason that other Senators have the same
subject under consideration, and intend to cover
the ground 'by a separate bill. This, however,
gives me the opportunity to express my dissent
from the opinion expressed by the Senator from j
California, winch thus far has been unreplied to, 1
that persons now may be incarcerated in the com- !
mon jail in this city because they owe labor, and i
may be thus imprisoned properly. He expressed j
his approval of the bill because, in his opinion, j
the bill would limit the term of this incarceration. !
I intended, by the amendment which I have pro- i
posed, to inhibit this kind of imprisonment. I i
know of no reason why a man should be impris-
oned for owing labor more than for owing money.
I am consequently totally averse to imprisoning
men who may be supposed to owe a debt not of
voluntary contraction.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him. He has spoken of the Sen-
ator from California as having made the statement
on which he is commenting. I made no such state-
mentas that to which he is alluding. He certainly
misunderstood jne.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I did not misappre-
hend the remarks of the Senator from California.
He stated that, if fugitives from service were to be
incarcerated in the common jail of this city, as the
criminal court here convened three times a year,
the ad journment of each term of the court would
discharge the alleged fugitive, but would give the
claimant time to come in and claim his supposed
property.
Mr. LATHAM. I made no such statement;
the Senator has clearly misunderstood me. I said
that I saw no reason why, when the court ad-
journed, the fugitive slave should not be discharged
the same as a criminal; on the contrary, I said
that the intermission between the terms of the
court, in my judgment, was a sufficient length of
time within which the owner could resort to the
process of law in asserting his title to and prop-
erty in the slave; and that, when the term of the
court adjourned, the slave should be discharged
the same as any criminal. In other words, be-
cause a fugitive slave is arrested, I see no reason
why he should be kept in this jail thirteen months;
that, I think, was the time the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] said some of these prisoners were
incarcerated. There ought to be a limitation to his
confinement, the sameas to that of other prisoners.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] has clearly
misapprehended whatl said.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it very manifest now
that I did not misapprehend the Senator's remark,
and I differ from him only in this: that while he
desires that the period of imprisonment on ac-
count of owing service to another should be short-
ened, I desire that it should never take place. I
say that the mere fact that a man is alleged to owe
a debt in labor to another furnishes no just reason
for his incarceration in the criminal prison of this
District. I was attempting to state, when inter-
rupted, a reason for it. In my opinion, it is not
a crime for a man to owe a debt in money, much
less a crime for a man to owe a debt in labor which
is not of voluntary contraction. Now, the whole
theory of the right of imprisoning a fugitive from
labor seems to proceed on the idea that the fugi-
tive is a criminal; that he owes a debt to another
to be paid in his personal services during his nat-
ural life; and that being thus in debt to another
in labor, and fleeing from the party to whom this
debt is alleged to be due, it'is the duty not of the
party to whom the debt is due, but of the Gov-
ernment to interpose and arrest him as a criminal
for attempting to defraud the party out of his ser-
vices to whom he was bom indebted. Sir, I do
not admit that a man can be in debt to another
without the conscnt of his own will, in such way
at least as to imply criminality. These persons are
supposed, 011 this theory, to be in debt to others
during their natural lives, at the moment of their
birth, without their volition, without any act on
their part, without any consent of their minds;
and if you may imprison them for this misfortune
in the criminal jails of the District, it seems to
imply at least that it is a crime for a man to be
born black. If, however, this subject is to be
covered by a separate bill, I have certainly no de-
sire to embarrass the passage of the present bill
by pressing this amendment; and therefore, fol-
lowing the advice of my friends, I ask leave to
withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now understand what
the Senator's object was in the amendment. I did
not understand it before. When it was read, I
supposed it to be a proposition to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia. That subject is under
consideration in the committee. I do not know,
however, that this matter is under the considera-
tion of any committee, and I hope, therefore, the
Senator will not withdraw it in consequence of
anything I said in relation to the matter. Itstrikes
me. now that there is a great deal of force in the
proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. It was not my intention to
introduce a proposition for the abolition of slavery
in the District, but simply to inhibit the practice
of imprisoning men because they were alleged to
be the slaves of others in the common jails of the
District as criminals; and as this is a bill in rela-
tion to the criminal courts of the District and per-
tains to the jail exclusively, it seems to me that
it is pertinent.
Mr. LATHAM. I did not attempt to discuss
the question of servitude in what I said. I merely
went upon the hypothesis that there was a fugi-
tive slave law upon our statute-book, and that that
law was still in force.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to. inquire if there
is any law in this District which allows slaves to
be impounded in the common jail as estrays are
impounded in other countries?
Mr. SUMNER. It certainly is the practicc.
Mr. COWAN. If it be the law,.I do not see
in what way this bill is going to operate to pre-
vent it, because if he may be impounded and dis-
charged at the end of the term, what is to prevent
his being again impounded the next day and con-
tinued in jail to the next term, and so on ad in-
finitum, if it can be done without any process of
law, merely from the fact that he is a colored man,
arid therefore prima facie belongs to somebody,
and is an estray to be taken up and impounded
until a master appears, or else be sold to cover
expenses?
Mr. CLARK. I think I have an amendment
in my hand which will reach the case suggested
by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his amendment?
Mr. CLARK. That is what I was going to
inquire.
Mr. HARLAN. I will, if that covers the
ground of my amendment.
Mr. CLARK. It does not cover that ground,
but the ground of the Senator from Pennsylvania
and the Senator from Vermont. My amendment
is:
And be itfurther enacted, That no person shall hereafter be
confined in said jail unless he shall be committed thereto by
the warrant of some magistrate, or by the warrant or order
of a eouit having jurisdiction in the premises, or by the
Older of one of the Houses of Congress.
That will reach some of the cases.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New Hampshire if there is not
a provision of law already similar to the one he
has offered.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think there is.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that covers the ground
I intended to cover by the amendment I proposed.
I therefore withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I design that the amendment
shall make the bill more perfect, and shall cover
a class of cases not provided for entirely by the
bill. There are persons now confined in the jail
entirely without warrant, or have been within a
few days past. Pass now an actdischarging them
from jail, and the same mischievous persons who
have heretofore caught them up, and put them m
jail, may catch thein up again and put them in
jail, and detain them there until the next term of
the criminal court comcs round. This amend-
ment is to provide that no person shall be put in
there without the warrant of a magistrate, or the
order of some court, or the order of either House
of Congress, so that we shall know why men are
put in jail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment: in line five, after the word " Dis-
trict," to insert" upon any criminal charge which
is the subject of indictment." I do not propose
to occupy the time of the Senate in discussing the'
propriety of this amendment; but I can readily
see that cases may arise within this District, as
they arise in the different States of the Union,
where it may be very proper to retain persons in
custody after the expiration of the regular term of
the court. In the State in which 1 live I once
knew a man to be retained in jail for some ten
years, when he was in jail not upon any charge
which was the subject of an indictment; but what
was it? The same offense may exist here. A
man swears to do his neighbor some injury, either
in person or in property. That neighbor is hon-
estly afraid that if the person making the threat
is allowed to go at large some private and very
serious injury will be done him. He goes before
