1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Mr. MALLORY. lask,Mr. Speaker,whether
this bill can be considered now?
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the House
fot-its action.
Mr. MALLORY. It could only be brought
up, I suppose, by a suspension of the rules this
morning.
The SPEAKER. It comes up as a regular
report from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MALLORY, Well, sir, 1 must protest
against a bill of this character. That is all I can
do.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. MALLORY. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Territories, 1 ask the consent of the
House to make a statement.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot consent just now.
It would take us over the morning hour.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Calvett, Clements, Cobb.Coining, Cox, Ciavens,Crisfielci,
Cnttendcn, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Franchot, Gianger,
Haiglit, Hall, Harding, Johnson, Law, Lazoar, Lcary, Leh-
man, Md'heison, Mallory, Menzies,Moiri-, Nixon,Noble,
Noell, Odell, Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Rob-
inson, Slncl, John B. Steele, Vallandiglhim, Vibbard,
Voorhees, Wadswoith, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
WicklifFe, VVoodiutF, and Wntilu—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aidiieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Joseph Baily, Baker, Baxter. Beainan, Bingham, Fianci< P.
Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Geoige H.l5iowne, Huflin-
ton, Chambeilin, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklin^,
Iloscoe Conklmg, Covode, Cutlet, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Edgeiton, EdwauU, Eliot, Hly, Fenton, Fessonden,
Gooch, llainson, Hickman, Hooper, Ilutchins, Julian,
Francis W. Kclloij", VViliuim Keilo^g, Loomis, Lovejoy,
McKnigbt, Mitchell, Mooihcad, An^on P. Moriill, Ohn,
Pattou," J'ike, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Tliee,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Sheiman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Ben-
jamin F.Thomas,FraneisThoinas-, Train, Trimble, Trovv-
biidge, Van Valkenburgh, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E.
p. Walton, Washburne, Albeit S.White, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcester—76.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the vote—
Mr. CHAMBERLIN stated that his colleague
[Mr. Wall] was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Stkele, of New
Jersey, was absent from the House on business
connected with the committee on Government
contracts.
Mr. NORTON stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Gurley.
Mr. CRISFIELD stated that his colleague
[Mr. Webster] was necessarily absent fiom the
city.
Mr. ROBINSON stated thathis colleague [Mr.
Richardson] was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. FRANK (not having been within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. COX objected.
Mr. FRANK stated that he would have voted
in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Rills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the officers
and men actually employed in the western de-
partment, or department of Misxouii, their pay,
bounty, and pension; and
A bill (H. R. No. 279) to facilitate judicial pro-
ceedings in adjudications upon capturcd property,
and for the better administration of the laws of
prize.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA AGAIN.
The question recuned on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CRAVENS. Is a motion to amend the bill
in order?
The SPEAKER. It lis not, pending a demand
for the previous question.
Mr. COX. With the .permission of my col-
league, 1 should like to ask him a question.
Sir. ASHLEY. Very well, sir.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous question ?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to appeal to thegentleman
from Ohio 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has declined
to withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. Ho has not declined on my appeal.
Mr. ASHLEY. I decline now.
Mr. OLIN. Let me say then—[Cries of " Or-
der!"]
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman declines
to withdraw a demand for the previous question
debate is not in order.
The question being on ordering the main ques-
tion to be put, -
Mr. OLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldiich, Arnold, AhWoj-, Babbitt, liaker,
iie.iinan, Bmnliain, Samuel S. TJia.tr, lJUike, I!utitnton.
Chamlx'ilin, Ciaik, Colfax, Fretlciick A. Uoiikling, Cutlei,
Davis, Edgeiton, Edwauis, Kliul, Ely, Fenton, Fe&senden,
Fiank, fliekman, Hutching Julian, Francis W. Kellogsf,
William Kellogj, Loomis. Lovejov. Mitchell, An&on I'.
Morrill, Justin S. Morrill,' Patton, Pike, rotter, John U.
Rice, Kiddle, Edwaul II. Rollins. Sar«ent, Scdgwiek, Slier-
man, Sloan, Spauldin?, Stevens. JFrancts Thomas, Train,
Trowlnidge, Van Valkenbuilill, Wallace, Cliatles W.Wal-
ton, Washburne, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Wimlom, and
Woi coster—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Baxter, Buldlc, Francis Blair, Jacob 1!. Blair, William
G. Brown, Calveit, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Cobb,
Itoseoe Conklin?, Corning, Cox, Ciavens, Crisfleld, Crit-
tenden, Dawes, Delano, IJiven, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn. En<r-
lis.li, Fisher, Fianchot, Granger, Haisht, Hale, Hall, Hald-
ol!:, H.inison, Iloiton, Johnson, Law, Lazear, Leaiy,
Lehman, McKnialit, MePherson, Mallnrv, Menzies, Moor-
head, Motris.Nixon, Noble, Noell. Odell, Olin, Pendleton,
Poiter, i'nee, Alexander H. liice. ltobniMin, James Rol-
lins, Shellleld, Shellaliaiger, Shicl, John 1! Steele. Benja-
min F. Thomas, Trimble, Vallandighani, Vibbaid, Vooi-
hees, Wadsworth, 1C. 1". "Walton, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton
A. VVlute, WicklifFe, Woodruff, and Wright—75.
So the House lefused to order the main question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague [Mr. Smith] was still absent from the
House on business.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that this bill be post-
poned until one week from to-doy in order that I
may make some remarks upon it which were de-
nied me to-day by the courtesy of the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Ashley,]
and upon that motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LOVE.IOY. I ask the gentleman so to
modify his motion as to make the bill a special
order for that (lay.
Mr. WHEELER. i am willing to do that. My
only object is to have the opportunity to submit
some reasons for my own course as a member of
the Committee on Territories in reference to this
bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that
part of the motion which makes the special order.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I will simply move
to postpone.
Mr. COX. I suggest to thegentleman that he
make the motion to postpone two weeks.
Mr. WHEELER. I think one week will be
sufficient.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to postpone
indefinitely ?
The SPEAKER. It is not at this time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was postponed for its further consider-
ation until one week from to-day.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the further consideration of the bill was
postponed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House lesolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
i the tax bill.
| The motion was agreed to.
i So the rules were suspended; and the House
! accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
: the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
I in the chair,)and resumed, as a special order, the
i consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the following para-
graph of the bill to be under consideration:
6. Wholesale dealers shall pay firty dollars for each li-
cense. Every person whose business? or occupation is to
sell, or offer to sell, groceries, or any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise of foreign or domestic production, by one or more
onginal packages 01 pieces at one time, to Uie tame pur-
chaser, not including wines, spnituous or malt liqnot i, shall
be deemed a wholesale dealei under this act; but having
taken out a license as a wholesale dealer, such person may
also sell, as atbiesaid, as a letailer.
The following amendment, submitted on Fri-
day kstby Mr. Steele, of New York, was pend-
ing:
Add, at the end of the paragraph, as follows :
Nothing in this section shall be so construed as to com-
pel oidmaiy retail dealers to take or pay for a license to
sell at wholesale who may occasionally desiie, in the ordi-
nary course of their business, to sell an oiiginal piece or
package.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend the par-
agraph, by striking out of the fiftieth and fifty-
first lines the words " wholesale dealers shall pay
fifty dollars for each license," and insert in their
place as follows:
Wholesale dealers whose sales do not exceed $100,000
per annum shall pay twenty-five dollars for each license;
when their tales exceed §100,000 and do not exceed $-250,000
per annum, they shail pay fifty dollars for each license; and
upon sales exceeding §250,000 per annum, they shall pay
$10U lor each license.
Mr. Chairman, I think the licenses of whole-
sale dealers should be graduated so that the small
dcaleis shall not be made to pay as much for their
licenses as the large dealers. The principle of the
amendment has been pretty fully discussed upon
other amendments, and I will not, therefore, de-
tain the committee farther than to say that I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment as follows:
Strike out all in the fiftieth line after "wholesale deal
eis," and in the iitty-firstJmeeach license,"'and niseit the
tollowing:
Whose sales shall amount to $30,000 or less per annum,
but not exceeding $50,000, shall pay tifty dollais for each
licensee; wholesale* shall amount to mote than $50,000, and
not exceeding $100,000, shall pay for each license $'100; and
for any amount of sales exceeding $100,000 per year, shall
pay in the i>ame piopoition lor each license.
I offer that as a substitute for the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. My amend-
ment provides for a tax of one per cent, upon the
sales of these wholesale dealers, which I think is
quite sufficient.
The amendment to the amendment was disagreed
to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the con-
sent of the committee to go back for a moment to
the twenty-ninth section of the bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I move to strike
out in the sixth line the words " for the purpose of
examining the same,"and to insert in lieu thereof
" so far as may be necessary for the purpose of
examining such property, articles, or objects."
I move also to amend in the eleventh line, to make
the remaining portion of the section correspond,
by striking put the words " the premises," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words " such property,
articles,orobjects." The section would thenread:
See. 29. %d)id he it fin thcr enacted, That a collector or
deputy collector shall be authorized to enter, in the day
tune, any breweiy, distillery, manufaetoiy, building, or
place wheie any piopeity, attielcs, < r object*, subject to
dutv oi taxation under the pi ovision*! of" tins act, are made,
piodueed, or kept, within his disuict, ^o far as maybe ne-
cessity lor the purpose ot examining such propei tv.amcies,
oi object*, or inspecting the accounts vequm-d by this act
trom time to time to be made. And eveiy owner of such
brewery, distillery, manufactory, building, oi place,oi per-
sons having the agency or superintendence of the ^aine,
who shall i el use to admit such officer, or to suffer him to
examine such property, nrticles, or objects, or to inspect
said accounts, shall, for every such lefusal, forfeit and pay
the sum ot $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENTS. Iask the consent of the
committee to recur to section forty, for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the section, as follows:
Provided, That the ^tate of Tennessee shall have until
the 1st day of Decembei next to assume the payment ot her
portion of said direct tax
