THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
$ecotid Amendment as proposes to strike out tlie words
"fourteen thousand five huxidied."
JOHN P. HALE,
JAMES.W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TUADDBU3 STEVENS,
CHARLES B. SEDGWICK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr, HOLMAN. 1 call'for the reading of the
scction in reference to the purchase of Seavey's
Island as it will stand if the reportof the committee
be adopted. It seems to mc that so far as tho par-
chase of the island is concerned there is no limita-
tion imposed upon the officers of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
that the committee restored the twenty-seven
acres, and that left a little space of perhaps four
or five acrcs between the end of that line of land
and the deep water upon the sea-board, which four
or five acres are owned by three persons who have
houses upon them.' If we purchased that, our
land would extend down to the deep water. There
it would be thirty-one feet deep, while the water
above, in many places, is only five feet deep. We
have authorized the purchase of that (and, in ad-
dition, if it can be got at such a price as may be
considered reasonable. We did not fix a limit to
the amount to be paid. Wc left the matter en-
tirely with Commodore Smith. The question
whoiher we should fix a limit to the price was
discussed, and it was thought best not to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
section.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Korttx" puioiuisp of twrntv-seven and three hundred and
tTfiy-tive thousandths aeioof land mi tfoavfv^ Ifland, <ul-
jruvnt to the fCiftery navy-vnrd, $14,500 : Provided. 'Hint
ihe ehu'f of the Oureau of Yaids and Docks be, and he is
hereby,authorised to puiehnso that portion of'Seavcy'd Inl-
and lying wwt of the road for such wan as to him may
seem'reasonable and advantageous to tin1 Government.
/
"Mr. IIOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if these twenty-seven acres do not he west of the
road
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir ; they Ho on both
sides of the road. The lot of twenty-seven acres
runs up west of the road, and then goes across it.
It does not go down to the deep water west of the
road. It is to buy a point west of the road, not
embraced in the twenty-seven acres that wc have
put hi tins proviso.
Mr. F. A. OONKL1NG. Will the gentleman
statf to the House the reason for purchasing this
additional land fronting on deep water?
Mr. STEVENS. It is,sir, that vessels may
float there. (Laughter.]
Mr. F. A. OONKLING. The reason assigned
by the honorable member from Pennsylvania for
the proposed purchase would be a valid and, as he
appears to regard it., a conclusive one, provided
this land was required for a navy-yard; but I as-
sert heie, as a member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that so far as that committee is in pos-
session of any information on the subject, it is not
intended for any such purpose. Onginully the
purchase of soma twenty-seven acres of Seavey's
Island wag proposed for the erection of a-hospitai.
No sooner had the authority to make the purchase
been granted than we were cooliy informed that
the running- of a road through or near the plot ren-
dered the acquisition of an additional quantity of
hind indispensable. Now, we are met by the as-
sertion that a necessity, absolute and imperative,
exists forsecuringa frontage on deep water. Thus
the scheme, I will not call it by any other name,
has advanced from one step to another. Origin-
ally wo were asked to purchase twenty-seven acres,
and subsequently we were asked to purchase some
ninety or one hundred acrys in addition. I am pre-
pared to assert that there is no evidence before the
House ihat the Government really requires a sin-
gle f<>ot_ of this land for any purpose whatever.
My belief is that we ought to reject the proposi-
tion in toto. But if it be conceded that a new
hospital is needed at that point, I assert unhesi-
tatingly that more than twenty-seven acres can-
not, in any event, be required for that purpose.
Now, the vi marks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] have doubtless conveyed
the impression to the House that the land in ques-
tion is required for a navy-ySrd, and therefore
that this additional parcel which fronts the deep
water, is an indispensable part of the plot. It is
not so, sir, according to the best of my informa-
tion, and J have given my attention candidly to
the subjcct. I believe that the whole appropria-
tion should be rejected unqualifiedly.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman probably lias
more information upon this subject than I have,
although I have examined the plots, drafts, and
soundings which have been furnished to us by
those who had made them. The navy-yard is
upon one side of the'channel. At that point the
channel is narrow. Opposite to the navy-yard and
to the land which we own below it upon that side,
lies Seavey's Island and these twenty-seven acres
of land, i admit that we might do without a part
of it, if we could get the rest; but that portion of
it which faces the navy-yard can very easily be
built with wharves, and.there is ahkelihood that
it will be done, to the great annoyance and ob-
struction of the navy-yard, and of the vessels
which lie there. Immediately opposite the navy-
yard the water is more shallow than it is below.
The same channel below is bounded on one side
by land belonging to the Government, and on the
other side by the projection of this twenty-seven
acres. At the point below, where we propose to
purchase, the watcris thirty-onefeetdeep. Above
that, at the navy-yard, it ranges only from six
feet up to twelve and fourteen. It is thought that
Government vessels would find great convenience
innotbeingobstructed byanybuildingof wharves
out from this island.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In the launching of
vessels?
Mr. STEVENS. No, in riding there when
they are launched, in going out and coming in, and
riding at. anchor. This was not proposed to us at
all by the owners of these lots; no one of them
that I know of made any offer of sale; but the
committee were of opinion that if we purchased
the twenty-seven acres, as we thought it was proper
to do, the addition of these few acres was needed;
and, in my judgment, it is of as much importance
as all the rest put together. It gives us the com-
mand of the channel on both sides, which I look
upon as a very great advantage. That is the opin-
ion of the Superintendent of Yards and Docks-
Commodore Smith. Did the gentleman from New
York consult him on this subject?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 'No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS* \Vedid; andherecommcnded
this as very useful and very necessary foi; the pur-
pose for which we propose to make the purchase.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
I believe, agrees with us. He can tell us what he
thinks of it. I do not profess to be much acquainted
with the subject myself, except from the inform-
ation I gained by looking at the plots and drafts
exhibited to the committee, and from the recom-
mendations of Commodore Smith, whom we had
twice before us for the purpose of consultation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
state whether, in his judgment, there is any lim-
itation upon the quantity of land which may be
purchased under the scction as it is proposed to
be amended ?
Mr. STEVENS. Upon the price ?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Any limitation upon
the quantity of land to be purchased?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes; the road referred
to runs down to the water.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no limitation as to
the price though.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. Thcie are only
four or five acres additional which arc to be sub-
ject to purchase.
Mr. HOLMAN. And there is no limitation
as to price ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that possibly some
limitation might be imposed; for instance, we
might provide that the amount paid for these addi-
tional acres shall not exceed the amount paid per
acre for the twenty-seven acres.
Mr. STEVENS, There is a limitation fixed
upon the twenty-seven acres, but 1 understand
that these four or five acres have dwellings and
buildings upon them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
report of a committee of conference is not open to
amendment of any kind.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. I may mention that
after consulting the parties owning this land as to
whether they would sell or not, they made prop-
ositions which are in the hands of persons con-
nected with this movement—I mean the commit-
tees. Beyond that price, of course, no one will !
think of going, but we thought that by leaving
this matter to the officer, he might get the land
for a less sum. If we fixed the limitation at the
price which they offered as an ultimatum, they
would probably insist upon that sum. We do
not suppose that there is any possibility that the
officer will go beyond that price, which is about
nine thousand dollars for all the property, accord-
ing to the propositions made by the owners. We
thought it might be had for less if left open to a
bargain, and that is the reason why we did not
fix any limitation; but of course the maximum
would be the amount for which they offered to sell.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
PAY OF MINNESOTA SENATORS-
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, joint resolution (S. No. 33)
in relation to the pay of the first Senators ana
Representative in Congress from the State of Min-
nesota; which was laid on the table.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. WILSON also, from the same committee,
reported back an act (S. No. 270) concerning the
couits of the United States in and for the district
of Michigan.
The bill provides that, in addition to the courts
now provided to be held fn the district of Mich-
igan, a general term of the circuit court of the
United States for said district shall be held an-
nually in the court-room, in the city of Detroit,
on the second Monday in February.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECURITY TO KEEP THE PEACE.
Mr. WILSON, from the same .committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, Senate bill (No. 266) for the more convenient
enforcement of the laws of the United States con-
cerning security to keep the peace, and for good
behavior; which was laid on the table.
KIGHT 03? WAY.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 123) to extend the provisions
of the act of August 4, 1855, entitled u An act to
grant the right of way to all rail and plank roads,"
&c., for the term of five years, and to amend the
same. It extends the provisions of the act en-
titled, " An act to grant the right of way to all rail
and plank roads and macadamized turnpikes pass-
ing through the public lands belonging to theUni-
tcd States," approved August 4,1852, and of the
act extending the same to all of the public lands
of the United States, approved March 3,1855, for
the term of five years from the 4th of August, 1862.
The second section gives a right of way for a
railroad through the public lands of the United
States lying in Wasco county, in the State of Ore-
gon, to the Oregon Steam Navigation Company.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The bill simply extends the
laws granting right of way over the public lands
to rail and plank roads for a term of five years, and
also gives the right of way to the Oregon Steam
Navigation Company, for the purpose of con-
structing a road. That iaall that there is in the
bill. It makes no grant of land.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass,House biil(No. 319)to amendan actentitled
"An act to establish the judicial courts of the Uni-
ted States."
The bill was laid on the table.
IVkr. WILSON, from the same committee, iex-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
