1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
multitude of men have been drawn from some
peaceful branch of industry, and have dropped
the implements of agriculture and mechanic arts
to rust in idleness, while they wield the weapons
of war, which they will not lay down till our en-
emy is conquered ? If you would shorten the
period when they can return once more to their
natural avocations, then I say to you exhaust
your enemy of all his resources, and leave him
nothing, if he still persist, but the empty air to
feed upon.
I give to this measure of confiscation my hearty
support, because 1 believe it will do much to ac-
complish the end we all profess to desire. 1 know
full well what this bill means. Our enemies knew
what confiscation means when they turned the
$300,000,000 of indebtedness of their own people
to the North into their own coffeis,and seized
every dollarofloyal men living in their midst, and
every tangible piece of property that northern men
had accumulated anywhere among them, all to be
used in support of their unrighteous cause. And
yet we are told that a measure of this kind will
make our foes desperate! To what point of des-
peration can they go further than they have al-
ready reached ? To what extremes of barbarous
warfare can they descend and find a lower deep?
What Golgotha can exceed Manassas? What
more horrid forms can look through the smoke of
battle than brandished the scalping-knife about
the heads of our wounded soldiers at Pea Ridge ?
What lazar-house can be more infectious than
the gloomy prisons of our soldiers at Richmond ?
Have they not bayoneted our soldiers, impressed
Union men into their wicked service, driven loyal
citizens from their homes, or left them bleeding
by their own hearthstones? Do I exaggerate,or
set down aught in malice? Then listen to Sen-
ator Johnson's description of the hellish ati ocities
committed by these conspirators in Tennessee:
il Your Government is paralyzed; your Government i*>
powerless; that which you have tailed a Government i- a
dream, an idle thing. You thought you had a Government,
but you have none. My people are appealing to jou ioi
piotection under the Constitution. They are atre-ted by
hundreds and by thousands; they an1 dtagged away fiom
their homes and incaiceiated in dungeons. They ask you
for protection. Why do you not give it? Some of them
are lying chained in their lonely prison hou^o. The only
response to their murmur is the tattling and clanking of the
chains that bind their limbs. The only lesponse to theii
appeals is the grating of the hinges of their dungeon. When
we ask for help under the Constitution, we arc told that the
Government has nopowet to enfoice the laws. Out people
are oppressed and downtiodden, and you give them no lem-
edv. They weic taught to love and te^-poct the Constitu-
tion of the United State*. Whati&thctrcondilion to-day?
They are hunted and pui-ned like the beasts of the foteM
by the secession and disunion hoide* who «uu enloicing
their docuiue of eocicion. They are s.hot or hung loi no
crime save a desire to stand hy the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Helple-i- children and innocent lemalcfs are
murdered in cold blood. Our men ate hung, and their bodies
left upon the gilibet They ate shor and left lying in the
gorges of the mountain-*, not even thrown into the eaves
theie to lie, but are left exposed to pa->s tluouuh all the
loathsome ?tagrs of decomposition, or to be devouted hy
the hud-, of piey. We appeal tor protection, and are told
by the Senator tiom Indiana and othei.-, ' we cannot en-
force the l.uv-s ; we are against the entue eoeieive policy.'
Do > ou not hear thou groans 5 Do you not hoar their cries ?
Do you not hear the shucks of oppie<sed and downtiodden
women arid eluklien? Sir, their tones ring out ^o loud and
clear that even listening angeU look from heaven m pity.''
But I forbear to add more; humanity shrinks
from the contemplation of scenes like these.
Confiscation will not prolong the struggle or
make the rebels more determined than they now
arc. They cannot possibly be more bitter and re-
vengeful than they have been. They know that
they richly merit and will receive all the penalties
that follow treason. The leaders, from the outset
expected, in the event of defeat, that they would
be punished as traitors. Have they calculated
upon anything less? Do they anticipate any other
treatment than such as they deseive? Is it pre-
sumed by the Bepiesentatives of the people that
an act confiscating immediately the propeity of
leading rebels, and of all other persons who shall
not, within sixty days after public warning and
proclamation duly given and made by the Presi-
dent of the United States, cease to aid, counte-
nance, and abet this rebellion, and return to then-
allegiance to the United States, can more com-
pletely infuriate the rebels? What new scheme
of iniquity can they devise? What new infernal
machine can they invent? Their ctuel desolation
of the land, with its homes and firesides, and their
fiendish destruction of human life, have thus far
been limited only by I heir power and not by their
inclination. Make them desperate! Desperation
had reached its height when they first rebelled.
They were not ignorant of the consequences that
would follow if they failed, and the full retribu-
tion of theircrimes should seem so awful that they
will call on the rocks and mountains to hide them
from its wrath.
Our country! The youngest birth of time,
springing from between the seas to meet on either
hand the hopeful gaze of the older nations.
Good men, great men, little less than commis-
sioned from on high, redeemed it from its youth-
ful thrall and gave^it to the world. Millions have
sought its shores and found not its promise vain.
Still young in years—so young that there still
live venerable men who remember its infancy, and
weep at its present peril—it lias become a giant,
so that it need not fear, though it excite the envy
of its elders. The world never knew such pros-
perity as our people had enjoyed under its pro-
tection. All the arts that benefit mankind and
adorn the age had sprung up as if indigenous to
the soil. Literature and learning had achieved
such triumphs that many nations knew not their
own history till they learned it from Ameiican
authors. The indomitable energy of our people
had harnessed all the elements to do service for
them, and then divulged the secret of taming
them to others. But why enumerate ? You read
the story of our greatness every where, in hamlet
and in town, on hillside and in valley, and on the
wide-spreading prairie.
And now what do we see? Parricidal hands
have sought to destroy this Government, and noth-
ing now is left for us but duty, stern, unwavering
duty. Forbearance is no longer virtue. It is ex-
hausted. It is worn out by long years of exer-
cise. We listened to its call when it besought us
to hunt the despairing fugitive; we were urged
to acquiesce when it asked us to consent to the
overthrow of the Missouri compromise. Our pa-
tience was invoked when we were told that we
must not cocrce a Slate to return after she had de-
clared herself out of the Union, ere yet the storm
of iron bioke on Sumter. And now that war
is inaugurated by the thunder of rebel cannon
against those walls, and we see it blazing like vol-
canoes on countless battle -fields, from Manassas to
New Orleans, the same men—in my own State as
well as elsewhere—who insisted that we could not
coerce a State, declare that the death-kneil of the
Union is sounded the moment we adopt a meas-
ure of this kind. Their predictions have little ter-
ror to me, for f remember how the President's
proclamation was defied by States which would
not ass'si to subjugate their sisters, and which now
vaunt themselves so tiue to the Union. I have
no fear for "a war within a war," for the good
sense of every loyal State will comprehend the
wisdom of this measure m less time than was re-
quired to justify the wholesome ministrations of
war. I do not believe the counsels then given were
wise, and whatever may dictate those of to-day,
I cannot largely heed them.
To icsist a State in its attempts to separate from
the Union was declared to be unconstitutional;
just as now it is ur^ed that a measure to confis-
cate the pioperty of rebels is unconstitutional. I
cannot be moved, by this repetition of the old ar-
gument, from the plain dictates of common sense.
We saved the Constitution by disregarding the
cry one year ago, and we will iinpregnably fortify
it to-day by stripping rebellion of its means of
threatening it a<rain.
This measure proposes to take the property of
all the leaders and instigators of this war, and to
turn it over to the Government. To what vast
sums the amount thus to be realized will swell, I
cannot pretend to tell. The long array of figures
which are sometimes used to frighten us to for-
bear, do not alarm me. I only hope that it will help
to lighten the great burden of taxation that must
be laid upon our people; and I would not greatly
fear if it were sufficient to lift the entire load from
their necks. If my neighbor bring a suit against
me in our courts, "(I am not a lawyer, I may be
mistaken,) and if it is shown that it is not founded
in law, or that the claim is not just, execution is-
sues against him for all the legal costs of the ac-
tion to which I hove been subjected, and he finds
his goods attached to satisfy the judgment. This
is a great " trial by battle.M Before the issue is
reached our enemy has taken our goods where
ever he couid find them, and uses them to cover
the expenses of the war, and now turns upo&ue
and denies that we can do the same, becau&e'it
is not constitutional. Wofidrous felicity of con-
struction, that enables the enemies of the Consti-
tution to shield themselves behind the bulwarks
that they are attempting to batter-down I - They
strip us of our shield and helmet and hang them
to the point of our weapons, and strike at our
naked bosoms. But in despite of all this, in spite
of all their own natural resources, and in spite of
all they have stolen, our blows fall like tempests
on their heads, and they fly like their own carrion
buzzards at the swoop of our standard-eagles.
Is it contended that this billwill be inoperative?
My answer is, that the Missouri rebel, the Ken-
tucky rebel, the Maryland rebel, the Tennessee
rebel, ay, the Virginia rebel and the Louisiana
rebel, and the rebel of what State not? who are
still fighting, or running away to fight some other
day, all see us in possession of what they have left
behind, and we have only to take Hand itisours.
And why not? They are seeking to destroy the
Government that protected them in all that they
possessed, and by that act, by all the laws of jus-
tice, that protection is forfeited. Should he who
lingered m these Halls to plead the constitutional
rights of rebels, as a rebel best might, and who
crept about these passages to spy some hope of
sympathy from congenial spirits, and spent the
hot nights of July and August in seeking out some
congregated haunts of conspirators, return to Ken-
tucky, vhe can find ready argument to show that
all the goods and chattels that he left should still
remain saciedly his own. The Arkansas poet—
ah! slavery has found its poet at last—smouched
with the salutations of his painted savages, can
return to his home and find the constitutional fet-
ters still on his slaves, and his gratitude will not
be wanting to those who kept them there.
By refusing to pass this bill of confiscation you
put a premium upon treason; for now no man can
give utterance to a woid of loyalty in any State
yet held by the conspirators, who is not at once
dispossessed of all he has and driven a wanderer
and an exile from his home, while if he but pro-
fess allcgiancc to the rebel government his prop-
erty remains untouched. Faithful as he may oe
to his country, ho sees that while he is left naked,
his disloyal neighbor is protected in all he holds,
though he gives its use to overthrow the Govern-
ment under which he has accumulated all he pos-
sesses. South Carolina is secure to send all her
men to the field to swell the mad hosts of our foe,
for if at any tune she tire in the fight, she has only
to return to professed allegiance and find all her
institutions still unimpaired, and the property of
all her citizens undersafe guard, and whole to her
hands. She may use it all to feed the fires of this
unrighteous war, but we dare not touch a single
dollar of it to turn to our own service. Missouri
has been made desolate by the hordes of treason
because she was so loyal. Had she given an un-
divided Support to the confederacy of traitors, we
should grant to her complete immunity.
This measure proposes to give immediate effect
to confiscation, with a view to end the war with all
possible dispatch. It not only provides that after
the war is over the property of rebels, if any re-
main, shall be taken from them in punishment of
their great ciimes, but it proposes to exhaust and
punish both at once; to dry up the fountains upon
which this rebellion feeds, and turn the supplies
into our own stores, and thus make the wui its
own avenger and the minister of its own retnbu-
tive justice. Any other plan of confiscation will
only tend to prolong the war, for if confiscation be
contingent upon its close, the desperate hope of
putting off the day of retribution, and the knowl-
edge that peace will only bring to them poveity
and want, will give stubbornness to the hate of these
infuriate men. Better that they should feel that all
the terrible consequences of this war march in its
train, and that punishment treads close upon the
heels of crime.
It js objected that all the powers assumed by
Consress'in this bill belong to the President. Do
men know the fearful height to which they elevate
a single man? i would hardly be willing to trust
him on such a dizzy eminence, though 1 do not
believe the man lives that could walk it with a
steadier step than Abraham Lincoln; and if it were
necessary he would not shrink from the attempt.
But I believe he looks to us for support, and waits
anxiously for our approving voice. We say to
