I862i
TEE ■ COimRlSBIOFliL (xLOBB.
3263
pass, House bill (No. 441) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States.
The bifl was laid on the table.
ADJUSTMENT OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, House bill (No. 497) to authorize the Solici-
. tor of the Treasury to settle and adjust certain
demands due the United States.
The bill was laid on the table.
THOMAS HOPE.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Thomas Hope,
of Harford county, Maryland; which was laid on
the table.
YEARLY -MEETING OP FRIENDS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the Yearly Meet-
ing of Friends held in Philadelphia, for Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, Delaware, and the Eastern
Shore of Maryland; and that the same be laid on
the table. **
It was so ordered.
TROOPS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CRADLEBA.UGEI. In the proceedings
of the House on the 9th instant, when House bill
No. 511 was under consideration, I am reported
to have said:
" I know the regular forces that have been placed there,
[alluding to New Mexico,] and I am acquainted with Col-
onel Canby anil the force under his command, and you will
find that when they were organized into regiments they did
not stand up like men, like American citizens, and fight to
protect their property."
The report of what I said, as made, would and
does reflect on .Colonel Canby and the regular
troops under his command. I intended no such
thing. At a time when I held a civil office in the
Territory of Utah, Colonel, now General, Canby
was in command at Port Bridget-. He had the rep-
utation of being a good and efficient officer. He
subsequently went south with his command to
New Mexico. Prom all that I have seen and read
in the reports of the various engagements in New
Mexico, I have no doubt of his being a brave and
gallant officer, and his command an efficient and
good one. I intended to, and supposed I did, say
that the regiments raised in New Mexico to aid
Colonel Can by did not stand up to the work. I
intended no reflection upon the regulars under Col-
onel Canby, or the American population in New
Mexico, but only upon the Mexican population,
who, it was said, hail inhabited that section ot
country for many years, and who the papers re-
ported had fled from the battle-field.
MASTERS ON GONBOATS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce and have put upon
its passage a joint resolution providing that the
masters on the gunboats in the western waters shall
receive the same benefits given to other officers of
corresponding grades by the act just passed to
grant pensions.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That has been al-
ready provided for.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that the Secretary of the
Navy has put a construction on the act granting
pensions, different from what it was intended to
bear. The resolution which I introduce is only
to extend to the masters and officers of gunboats
the privileges of the act which it was intended they
should have.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It directs that the masters and other offi-
cers upon the gunboats employed in the service of
the United States shall be entitled to all the bene-
fits, including bounty and pension, provided for in
the act to giant pensions, passed at the present
session of Congress; the masters of such gunboats
to rcccive the pension allowed by said act to cap-
tains in thg Navy, and pilots and engineers to re-
ceive the pension allowed by said act to lieuten-
ants in the Navy. Tile widows, mothers, and
heirs of such officers are to be entitled to all the
benefits of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to the pas-
sage ol this joint resolution if it be amended so as
to give the title of the act " to grant pensions."
It is clear to me that this joint resolution ought to
pass.
Mr.' PENDL ETON. I agree to the offering
of that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejointresolution was.ordercd to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. YERREE. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The rhotion was agreed to.
The House therefore proceeded to the business
on the Speaker's table, the only bill there being
an act (S. No. 363) to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to accept the title to League Island in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. VER.REE. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill of
very great importance, and is not such a measure
as the gentleman from New York supposes. It
simply authorizes the appointment of a commis-
sion to examine into the location of League Island
and New London, as regards the propriety of mak-
ing selections for naval depots. The bill passed
the Senate by a very decided majority, and 1 be-
lieve it will also pass the House by a large ma-
jority. The position is one highly desirable, and
one that the Department has fully approved. I
hope, therefore, that the bill will not be referred,-
but immediate action may bo had upon it.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I will now yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
if he desires to make a remark in relation to the
bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I should be glad to hear what
objections the gentleman from New York has to
urge against the bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The motion which I
have made is that this bill he referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for examination. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has failed, in my
judgment, to state correctly the character of the
bill, unintentionally of course. The fhst section
provides:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authoiized to receive, and aecept fiom tlio city authorities
«t'the city of Philadelphia the title to League f-land in the
Delaware river, together with the marsh east of and adja-
cent thereto, within the first ward of the said city of Phil-
adelphia, togethci with all riparian right* and ptivileges
theieuiito belonging and appei taming, to ho u- ed for naval
pm poses by the Government of the United State-,: Provided,
That said title shall not be accepted nor leceived, unless
the same shall be pcil'ect and indefeasible to the whole isl-
and and mai.-h adjacent to low water maik; not if, upou
tnnie thoiongh examination and ^uivej ot the premise* by
a competent boaid ofodieejs to be bv him appointed, he
slmlJ di^covei that the public interest* will not be promoted
by ucquiting the title as. afoiesaid.
The original proposition, which came inform-
ally before one of the committees of this House,
was, that League Island be accepted by the Gov-
ernment for a navy-yard, in lieu of the present
navy-yard at Philadelphia.
The language of the section is ambiguous, not
to say equivocal. What precise use is proposed
to be made of this property by the Government,
I am unable to infer from anything which appears
in this section of the bill. From the second sec-
tion, however, I gather that it is designed for a
naval depot as well as for a navy-yard.
Now, sir, my information concerning League
Island is this: that it was originally a bank of soft
mud, or rather of alluvium, eoinpiising, with the
adjacent marsh, ail arra of some six hundred
acres. An embankment of stone and earth has
been built round a portion of it, by which means
the portion thus fortified is shut in from the ebb
and flow of the tide. I am informed that no part
of the island, so called, was ever fast land, and that
it is not possible, Without incurring an expendi-
ture of something like two million dollars—that
is my opinion—to make it a suitable spot for a
navy-yard or naval depot.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the genjjeman from New
York allow me to nsk a simple question r I phould
be pleased to know upon what basis he makes his
estimate that $2,000,000 will be required to make
this a suitable location for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I will say that the
statement rests upon the authority of a citizen of >
Philadelphia, whom I have ascertained, after dil-
igent inquiry, to be a gentleman of high standing
and of unquestionable veracity. More than that,
inasmuch as the writer of the communication has
not authorized me to mention his nam'e, I cannot
give it. Without intending any disrespect to the
honorable member, I must decline to give the
name.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely asked for information.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Now, Mr. Speaker,
it is proposed by the municipal authorities, of
Philadelphia to make a free gift of this island to
the Governmentofthe United States; and it would
not be extraordinary if some gentlemen should
suppose that when so munificent a donation is
tendered, it would be an act of folly upon the part
of Congress not to accept it.
But if the object of the gift be, as I suspect, to
induce the Government, in order to elevate and
redeem the so-called island, to make the enormous
outlay of $2,000,000, then I apprehend we should
commit an act of folly in accepting it, because, in
accepting it, we virtually bind ourselves to make
the improvements. Is there not sufficient ground
for a reference of the subject to the appropriate
committee, that the facts may be thoroughly ex-
amined and reported to the House for its guidance?
The second section of the bill provides:
That the board of officers to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, according to the provisions of the iiist
section of Urn act, shall, befoie pioceedmg to any decision
of the questions hcicinbetoic referred to them, make a sur-
vey and cxaminauorfof the haibor of New London, Con-
necticut, and its Mm oundnm^j with reference to its capacity
and fitness for a naval depot and navy-3ard, o«pd whether
the pubhe interest* will be promoted by establishing a naval
depot and navy-yard in or neai said haibor of New London
instead of League Inland.
By which provision, I presume, the voles ofcer-
tain Senators were seem ml for (he bill.
TlieSPEAKER. TheChairwili remind thegen-
lleman that it is not 111 order to lefer to Senators.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In what I am stating,
I am, of course, merely supposing u case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not a
supposablo case. [Laughter.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. This section seems
to be m the nature of a tender hitched on to the
bill as it was originally framed. The remaining
words of it are as follows:
And that they aho make the same investigation in regard
to the wateis of Nanagaiuett hay.
Now, I venture toask the attention of the House
to this further provision. The waters of theNar-
ragansett bay I undcistand to be somewhere in
Rhode Island.
Permit me, in conclusion, to suggest what, in
my judgment,should be done relative to this whole
subject. I admit that the necessity exists for the
establishment somewhere of a great naval depot,
and wlmt I suppose to be incumbent upon Con-
gress at this time is to provide for the appointment
of a proper board of commissioners fully to in-
vestigate the whole sublet, leaving them uniram-
meled to examine the entire coast, and to renort at
the next session of Congress what point, in their
judgment, is best adapted for the purpose.
That, however, is not the purpose, nor will it
be the effect of this bill, should it become a law.
It starts out by pledging tile Government to the
acceptance of League island for a specific purpose,
and then comes the provision in reference to one
or two other points which are expressly named.
It appears to me that the facts which I have
stated aie abundantly sufficient to induce the House
to adopt the motion which I have submitted, and
allow the bill to go to the Committee on Naval
Affaiis for their consideiation.
Mr. BIDDLE. It the gentleman will allow me,
I would like to ask him a question before he takes
his seat. The gentleman has stated two or tlnee
times, in the couise of his remarks, in n voice so
clear and sonorous that it has reached here, and
must have reached gentlemen upon the other side
of the House, some of them, that this involves an
expendituie of $2,000,000.
Mr. I*. A. CONKLING. Thai is my inform-
ation.
Air. RIDDLE. Air. Speaker, 1 will be" !e
