1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
Mr. Chairman, the thirteenth section of the act
of August, 1861, provides that the portion of the
direct tax of §20,000,000 assigned to each State
shall be laid upon the value of the lands of each
State.
The fifty-third section of the same act gives to
each State until the second Tuesday of February
last the right to assume the payment of this tax.
That time having expired, the States, as the law
now stands, have no right to assume the payment
of the tax. Now, sir, in the southein States, by
laying this tax upon the lands only, some three
or four thousand millions of dollars of other prop-
erty will remain untaxed. I ask the attention of
the committee to the following statement:
§.£ g-J 3 3 c   g.o J sT
: I P-i||'|lf>5? |l
: " ti c J. — (2 >) ct ta -
> c i) o i/i o ci c, (j ij c c (O -
> CO ^ CO C;i CO ^<6
: r. ^5 ^ ^ ^ " ss ^
> ocTo to hi cc bs
: cc co >- zr> o cc
lOits:w-s(o«ouu
• ,-j (>, co to w'mouor 
. 7 >',*r
-1 C5 *— tc. O — to l"i o"co"~""«
« n cc to i- c y u *. cc ^ a t
to iJ —. v! Gi C3 ^ C5 Jw li- — *— -4 00 C
O"
© V. ft
* ~ -J
3 O
. v-1 >— >— iO .0 iO to V- K
U O C! CT C! ~ 'O I; W - ' -Jj ■>;
CO C) 00 v> -< O iJ - vl - CC -
i t'°-l
; i
% r;
§ s s
r
a n
~ .©
iO io -i c/i o to t;
WW 10 ^ -}
cc ~ to 2 c to
; — Ij
to -j <— c
cc bh lo'oo c
Now, sir, it will be seen from this ."statement
that the amount of direct tax apportioned to Ten-
nessee is $669,438. The portion of that which
should in equity be paid by the free white citi-
zens of the State is $558,664, and the portion that
should properly he paid by the slaveholders, upon
the three fifths of the slave population which is
made a part of the basis of taxation, is ^110,834,
which should be paid by the slaveholders m pro-
portion to the number of slaves each has. Vet,
sir, under the hw as it now stands, the whole
$G69,49S will have to be laid upon the lands of the
citizens of that State. I desire, therefore, that the
State shall have the opportunity of assuming the
payment of this direct tax, so that she by her own
laws may levy upon her slave population its just
proportion of the amount. The House the other
day voted down the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky that this tax should be laid ou
slaves as well as lands; and as this is a slave-
holders'rebellion, I think that the slaveholders
should be requited to sustain their proportion of
the cost of putting it down. I therefoje submit
this amendment to enable Tennessee to so appor-
tion the tax by her own laws as to accomplish that
object.
iVIr. STEVENS. I suppose there has been
delay in assuming this tax in Tennessee in con-
sequence of the disturbances there. I see no ob-
jection to the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the sixth para^iaph of the sixty-first section.
Mr. PIKE. I mo\e to amend in the fifty-thitd
>rus kk one or more,
line by striking out tiio
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "more than
one." The clause would then lead:
Eveiy poison whose bu^mes** or occupation is to sHJ.oi
otiei to sell.gioeeues, 01 any goods, wale-* or ineiehandi^e
ot Ionian (ii domestic pioduction, by moie than one 011-
ginal kage 01 piece at one turn-, to the pm chafer,
not nieluding wines, ^piinuous 01 malt liqnois, shall be
deemed a wholesale dealer underthis act; butlmvingtaken
out u hcen-e as n wholesale dealer, buch peison may also
sell, asafoiesaul, as a ietaiier.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose that
amendment may very properly be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to strike out the
whole of the seventh paragraph; as follows:
7. Statiouets shall pay ten dollars for cach license.
Eveiy peison who keep> An sole, or offer* to in any
store, lionse, oi other building, book«, paper, quill1*, pens
sealing-wax, wafers, ink, account-books, or articles usually
called "stationery, bliaii be regaidcd as a stationer under tins
act.
I make this motion for the reason that our coun-
try dealers sell alittlestationeryandalmostcvery
thing else. It seems to me that this ought to be
stricken out, and every description of duties in-
cluded in " wholesale and retail dealers."
Mr. WILSON. I move to add to the end of
the seventh paragraph the following:
Except so far as this definition is modified by the fifth
paragiaph of this section.
It is provided in the fifth paragraph as follows:
5. Retail dealers shall pay ten dolluis foi each license*
Every person whoso busmen or occupation is to sell or
oll'i'i to sell goodies, or any goods, waies, or merchandise
ot foreign or domestic production, in less quantities than a
whole ongmal picco or package at one time, to the same
peison, (not including wines, spiutuons or malt liquors,
nor excluding stationery, dt ugs, medicines, cigars, snuff, or
tobacco.) shall be regarded as a retail dealei under this act.
It will be seen, therefore, that my amendment
is necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
the gentleman from Iowa adopt these words:
But retail dealeis shall not be required to take out an
additional license as stationer.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that as a modification
of my own amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me
that we ought to strike out the paragraph alto-
gether, not for the reason last stated, but for the
teason that every stationer is either a wholesale
or retail dealer; and, under the section already
adopted, he is compelled to take out and pay for
a license. He is as much a wholesale or letail
dealer m stationery as in hardwaie, groceries, or
anything else. I hope, therefore, that the motion
of the gentleman from Maine will prevail, to strike
out the entire paragraph.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
the following amendment:
Add these woids:
l)ut K'tail dealeiv having taken out a license therefor,
shall not be leqnued to take out a license as stationer, any-
thing in tins act to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
Mr. WILSON". I accept the gent] eman's amend-
ment as a modification of my own.
Mr. .MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that the
amendment will be adopted. *
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to strike out the words
" or offers to sell." Otherwise, peddlers will be
subjected to a tax under this as well as under a
following section.
Mr. HOOPER. X move to strike out the words
" or keep for sale or oiler,'* and to insert in lieu
of it the words " whose business or occupation is
to sell." I think that will cover the whole point.
Mr. TRAIN. I do not think so. I do not
acceptthe amendment. The twenty-third section
requires peddlers to pay a license, and if the words
I have indicated are notstricken outthey will have
also to pay tax under this section. There is a
huge business done in the country towns in sta-
tionery by these peddlers. If they come into my
house and offer to sell stationery, they will be in-
cluded m tin.' seventh paiagraph as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike oat the words
" who keeps for sale," and m lieu theieof to in-
sert "whose business or occupation is."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I mo ve to strike
out the last three words of the paragraph. I call
the attention of the committee to the fact that a
stationer is either a wholesale or a retail dealer.
Therefore I do not see the justice or any good ob-
ject to be attained by retaining this paragraph.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says that
theie is a paragraph already in the bill requiring
retail dealers to pay for a license. In what par-
agraph ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. In the fifth para-
graph, as follows:
5 Iletail dealeis f-hall pay ten dollnia for each licence, j
Eveiy person whose business or occupation is to sell or i
offer to sell groceries, or any goods, wares, or merchandise,
of foreign or domestic production, in less quantities tlHim
whole ougmal piece or package at one time, to the same
person, (not including wines, spirituous or malt liquors,
noi excluding stationery, drugs, medicines, cigars,snuff,or
tobacco,) shall be regarded asaretail dealer under this act.
I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Rice, of Maine, to strike out the paragraph; and
on a division there were—ayes 37, noes 28; no
quotum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lint and Morris were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
The eighth paragraph was read, as follows:
8. Pawnbrokers shall pay fifty dollars ior each license.
Eveiy person whose business or occupation is to take or
receive, by way of pledge, pawn, or exchange, any goods,
wares, oi merchandise of any description whatever, for the
repayment or security of money lent thereon, shall be
deemed a pawnbroker under this act.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
strike out " fifty" and insert "one hundred." If
there be any who make money it is these pawn-
brokers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to strike out the
words " of any description," and in lieu thereof
insert " or any kind of personal property."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In order to make
the fifth paragraph conform to what we have just
done I move, by unanimous conscnt, to strike
out the word "stationer."
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The ninth paragraph was read, as follows:
9. Rectifiers shall pay $100 for each licence Everyper-
son who rectifies, putifies, or refines spirituous liquors or
wines by redistillation oi othei piocess, or mixes and adul-
teiates spirits, brandy, gin, or wine, with any other mate-
rials tor sale under the name of rum, brandy,gin, wme. or
any othei name or names, shall be legarded as a rectifier
under this act.
Mr
word:
WILSON. I move to strike out these
Ot othei process, or wme& and adulterated spirits, brandy,
gin, or wme, with any other materials for sale under the
name of rum, biandy, gin, wine, or any other name or
names.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out <( one
hundred," and in lieu thereof to insert " fifty."
It seems to me, too, that all after the word " re-
distillation" ought to be stricken out. It stands
now as a kind of congressional indorsement of
the adulteration of spirituous liquois. The adul-
teration of liquors and wines is an infamous prac-
tice, and ought not to have any favor at our hands.
We have taxed the corn of the northwestern sec-
tion of the country high enough already. Four
gallons of whisky can be made out of a bushel of
corn, and the tax now fixed is sixty cents on that
| much whisky. Thtsadditional tax, then, is rather
sevete. It seems to me that fifty dollars is enough
for a rectifier to pay for a license.
Mi. KELLOGG", of Illinois. I think that the
license tax in this instance ought not to be re-
duced as proposed. I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana,that our agi icultuial industry of the
West is very heavily taxed under this bill. I
hope, however, that the tax will be so modified by
the committee that the tax will be mainly im-
posed upon spirits made into beverages, rather
than upon those used in the arts and mechanical
pursuits of the country. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana is not the way to leach
that i csult, and I hope that it will be disagreed to.
I want the manufacture of spirits for mechanical
purposes to have the tax upon it reduced to aiea-
sonabie rate, and treated like any ordinary busi-
ness of the country. I will not oppose, on the con-
trary, any proposition of tax upon liquor manu-
factured or adulterated for the purpose of being
used as a beverage.
Mr. HOLMAN. While I indorse much that
the gentleman from Illinois has said, yet I do not
agree with him in whathe says about myainend-
ment. I hope that the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out all of
the paragraph m relation to the adulteration of
liquois. I do not think that Congress ought to
give any indorsement to a practice so unnatural.
