2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
him that he shall cause the estate and property
ai&d moneys, stocks credits, and effects of per-
sons in rebellion to be seized, to the end that they
fnay be confiscated and condemned to the use of
the United States. And if there be a doubt in his
mind in relation to the unlimited powers which
men say belong to him, we at once, by this act, as-
sume our share of the responsibility and strengthen
his purpose to end the war at a blow, which, while
it crushes the rebellion, at the same time destroys
the support and extinguishes the cause. I am
distrustful of that policy which seeks to shift the
responsibility upon other men's shoulders. If
anything is fit to be done, I am willing to bear my
part; and I would assist our ovcr-buidened Pres-
ident by the prompt and fearless exercise of all
those powers the Constitution confers upon us.
But there is one species of pretended property
for which a special immunity is claimed; of which
no height or depth of treason could work a for-
feiture. I mean property in man. There seems
to me a strange path by which to arrive at this
conclusion, as if whatever is held by virtue of a
violation of natural rightis more sacred than that
which is possessed by that law which God or-
dained when He gave to man " dominion over the
fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over
the cattle, and over all the eatth, and over every
creeping thins: that creepeth upon the earth." The
more monstrous the usurpation by which this right
of human property is churned, the higher sanctity
fences it about, and I know no other ground for
this immunity than that what is founded on a
wrong no wrong can overthrow. What we pos-
sess by natural right, follow but m that straight
paths and nothing can impairit. What we have
seized by wrongful might, the grosser is the crime
by which we seek to hold it, the surer is our grasp
upon it.
What we witness to-day should not surprise
us. This rebellion is the legitimate consequence
of slavery. It has put itself upon its defense
against the common sentiment of the world and
against this Government, which it could no lon-
ger drag to its support. The natural condition of
slavery is war. its first victims arc captives taken
in war. It supplies its exhausted stock by foment-
ing war among the tribes from which it would !
replenish itself. True, it confoims to the senti-
ment of civilization, and allows treaties to be made
to suppress its tmdo, but the ships it. sends to catch
the pirates are seldom found at the points where
the slave-trader lurks. It appeals to the avarice
of unprincipled men to engage m the traffic, and
then taunts the whole people with the ciimc. It
submitted to have ingrafted upon the statute-book
of the Government laws punishing with death all
persons engaged in the slave tiade, but, while it
controlled that Government, no person was con-
victed of the offense and paid the penalty.
In times of peace it found it could not cope
with freedom. In the I(,irst Congress, Virgimahad
twenty-three Representatives find New Yoi k thir-
teen. South Carolina originally counted in the
lower House as five to sixty-jive; now she counts
as five to the whole number entitled to seats. With
a domain exceeding that of the fi ee States, with a
fertility of soil and a mildness of climate almost
unequaled on the face of the earth, the slave States
have not been able to keep pacem growth of pop-
ulation with the free States. Slavery became jeal-
ous of freedom, which, added to its intense hate,
has pioduced this war. It is vain to tell me that
the ambition of this man or that incited him to
plot for the destruction of this Government—that
ambition was fired by slavery. It is vain to tell
me that political power was passing away from
one section of the country—slavery could brook
no rival; it must sit upon the throne alone. There
is no act, in the whole category of crimes that have
culminated in this lebelliori, that slavery did not
inspire. It has sought to build a government of
Us own. If its success were among the flunks
possible, slavery, and slavery alone, would be the
preamble and the close of its constitution. Its
laws would be framed to extend and perpetuate
slavery. Its tariffs} would be imposed to protect
it, and its people taxed to feed it. Tins is the j
enemy we have to meet and conquer. Thiseoun- i
try has no other that it need fear; and while it ■
lues, it will be a perpetual teiror. !
We see its hosts fleeing, its towns surrendering
its sea-monsters exploding and strewing its rivers
with the rent fragments of their iron shells. Our
troops are victorious everywhere, and so rapid
are the events of triumphant war that our minds
are confused with the succession of dispatches that
leap along the wires. And yet, what do we be-
hold? A frantic effort made to save from deserved
destruction the source and cause of our peril.
An address recently issued, quite numerously
signed by the members of this House, indicates
that, in the judgment of these gentlemen, there is
a pressing necessity for the reorganization of the
Democratic party. Their platform of principles,
as enunciated and subscribed to by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. VALLANPiGHAMjand others,
breathes bitter and unqualified hostility to the
Republican party, the members of which it de-
nounces as abolitionists. It pioposes to "kill
abolition,55 while it treats armed rebellion very
tenderly, hurling no wrathful invectives against
the minions of slavery, whose forces are mar-
shaled to destroy the life of the Republic. On
the 4th of March, 1853, this party, which it is now
sought to resuscitate and reorganize, took control
of the national Government from the hands of
Mr. Fillmore, wlule peace and quiet reigned su-
preme throughout the land, the leaders promising
that this repose should not be disturbed by any act
of theirs. Having had possession of the Govern-
ment for eight years under Pierce and Buchanan,
they resigned its control to the direction of Abra-
ham Lincoln, with forts, arsenals, ships,and mints
in a large section of the country in the keeping
of armed rebels, civil war being thus inaugurated,
and the Republic brought to the very verge of ruin.
It found the nation at peace; and left it torn, dis-
severed, in belligerent fragments. Had the elec-
tion of November, 1860, resulted differently, so
that these same leaders would have retained pos-
session of the Government for four years longer,
and rushed the country on with like speed towards
destruction, the conspirators would have secured
complete possession of the Army and Navy, and
all the available arms and munitions of war, and
there would have been little hope that the power
of loyal men could prevent a permanent disrup-
tion of the Union. The overthrow of this party
was not accomplished an hour too soon. The
Union will now be saved intact; otherwise, it might
have perished.
It is now proposed to commence the work of
reorganizing the Demoeiatic party forthe purpose
of saving the Constitution and the Union, while
yet the South and controlling end of the party is
waging a cruel war for the destruction of both the
Constitution and the Union. Well, let them to
their labors with diligence, for the task before
them is so huge that it will require most herculean
efforts to accomplish the result they desire. The
people will no longer be deceived. One year of
the administration of Abraham Lincoln has scat-
tered the enemies of the Republic like leaves be-
fore the tempest. If the success of our arms, the
utter rout of our foe, can entitle a Government
to the cordial support of a people, what can be
asked more? But this unexampled success has
endangered a peculiar institution, and the Demo-
cratic party is summoned to save it. Three days
more ot successes, and the danger seems more im-
minent; and the conservative men of all parties are
called together to ignore party and save—what?
not the country, surely; for the victories of our
Army and Navy almost outrun time, and seize
the event before. In the middle of a week the
Democratic pai ty could save the nation; but at its
close it requires the sacrifice of all paities to save
the country. This rapid change of tactics must
imply great danger threatening somewhere; but
the people will hardly be able to discover that the
danger to the country is increased while they see
the torts and arsenals " repossessed "and the na-
tional standard^ returning to plant itself in every j
State of the Union, No, the danger does not
threaten the country, but slavery totters to its
overthrow. The great criminal, the implacable
foe of the nation, is beaten everywhere, and then j
the danger of the country is so great that especial j
at tern pts are made to save it by party and no-party :
oiganizations. But this will never do. The Union j'
is not saved by such methods. Those are not the '|
physicians that can heal the sick, feverish nation, Jt
who would keep the cancer gnawing at the vitals |j
The old practice of nursing the disease will not j
answer. The patient will be restored to uncom- ']
mon health and strength, and in time no trace of ii
the disease be left. This rebellion cannot be put ii
down by soft words and lenient measures. We
extended the olive branch full too long, until our
flag was disgraced and war commenced by the
mad conspirators. We must, by all the means
at our command, strike down the power of rebels
to assail us, and then' the work is done. They
can build less iron-clad gunboats, now that we
have Norfolk. They can cast less columbiads,
build less steam-rams, and obtain less sugar to
sweeten the bitter cup of treason, now that we
have New Orleans; and when we have Richmond
and Corinth, the back-bone of the rebellion will
be broken.
The path of duty never shone so bright for a
people as it does for us to-day. As we advance
it grows brighter. The President's message rec-
ommending emancipation was the rending of
the vail. The gift of freedom to a few poor, but
oh! how grateful, recipients, has returned to bless
the hearts of millions who bestowed it. A deed
more rich in virtue, more fruitful in the approv-
ing of conscience, more btessed with the smiles
of Almighty God, stands not on the records of
this nation. The whole ample domain of the Ter-
ritories will soon be declared free, and that for
which we have labored for many years is about
to be accomplished. I do not know how much
may be affected by legislation to redeem a race from
bondage whose enslavement is the crime for which
we sutler. The providences of God are brought
about through courses that are not always plain
to mortal eye, and yet to them there is no " vari-
ableness or shadow of turning," and our path
to-day lies by their side. Events are marching
on. Happy is that people who blind not their
eyes to the " cloud by day and the pillar of fire
by night."
Mr. KERRIGAN. Mr. Speaker, the history
of the country for the past year is too well known
to lequire the repetition with which we have so
often been favored. It is our concei n to deal with
questions as we now find them—as piactical men,
not as mere theorists—guided by the Constitution
of the United States and the teachings of our pa-
triot fathers.
The effects of the insurrection are everywhere
felt, both in commerce and in mechanical pur-
suits, as well as at the fireside. The details of
battle, the movements of our armies, the intelli-
gence of victories, and the apprehension, some-
times, of defeat, fill the public mind. The waris,
naturally, the all-absorbing question; and, Mr.
Speaker, connected with this is the anxious in-
quiry, " when will it cease?" Apart from those
who find contracts profitable, and who are priv-
ileged to furnish needful supplies at exorbitant
profits, none desire the prosecution of hostilities
further than may be necessary to restore every-
where obedience to the Constitution, and the laws
made in pursuance to that instrument, and, as a
consequence of this, the restoration of the Union.
That this was the object of the President of the
United States, and of the Congress which held its
first session on the 4th day of July last, none
who consult the legislative records can doubt.
And connected with this was the solemn declara-
tion that when this desirable end should be at-
tained, the war ought to cease.
The theory of reconstruction—of the separation
of the old parts of the Union in order to the forma-
tion of a new one—has been often repudiated, and
apart from those who commenced the war and
clietished the fond delusion, finds few if any ad-
vocates among- intelligent men. There can be no
doubt that the vast majority of the people of the
loyal States desire the war shall be conducted for
no other purpose, for under the Union they have
prospered at home and been protected abroad,
while all have shared a common glory and renown.
Upon this punciple, then, the war ought, as it
was commenced, to be conducted.
There are, however, evidences that a new pol-
icy is to be inaugurated, including the emancipa-
tion of the slaves of the South, and, as far as pos-
sible, the arming of them against those who are
in hostility to the United States. "While Cong less
are considering abolition and confiscation meas-
ures—proposing to regulate these matters by law-
officers of the Army, impatient of restraint, and
recognizing the military as superior to the civil
law, declare their purposes by proclamation, in the
absence, it is believed, of direct instructions from
the President, the Commander-in-Chief of the land
and naval forces, and thus in effect usurp power
