322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
v January 14,
We find that a large number of people—incon-
siilerable,-however, in proportion to our whole
population—have the right to receive from certain
Erivileged persons correspondence on their own
usiness exempt from postage. We find, too,
that public documents are published by the Gov-
ernmental great expense to the people, and dis-
tributed, free of postage, by certain privileged per-
sons to others who receive them free from postage.
We find also that seeds are purchased at the
expense of the people by agents selected by the
Government, and are distributed by privileged
persons to the recipients exempt from postage,
while probably $1,000,000 a year would be added
to the postal revenues if the persons who are thus
exempted were required to pay it. Now, sir, the
question is presented whether it is better that those
•who are the recipients of this public matter, and
those who are the recipients of mere business cor-
respondence should pay the postage upon it, or
the expense of transmission should be a charge
upon the whole people; whether these public doc-
uments that are paid for by the whole people
should be distributed free of expense, or postage
should be a charge upon the recipients ?
It has been said that if you pass the bill under
consideration it will stop the channels of public
information. This was the point made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg.] But, sir,
I do not hesitate to say that we publish no docu-
ments that nre worthy of going to the people for
which those who receive them would not cheer-
fully pay the postage. The Patent Office report,
and otherpublic documents which have been pub-
lished, have been much disparaged by many gen-
tlemen here in opposition to this bill.
Mr. DIVEN. Will the gentleman permit me to
say a word ?
_ Mr. PORTER. I cannot yield now, as my
time is so limited.
Now, sir, so far from those public documents
being regarded of inconsiderable value, they are
highly valued by the people. The gentleman from
New York[Mr.RoscoE Cohkli.vg] referred to the
fact that these public documents were distributed
to barber shops and bar-rooms. I have never seen
any such document in my district in bar-rooms;
but if one should have found its way intoa barber
shop, I do not perceive that that would be a very
forcible argument against their distribution, t
cannot forget that Arkwright was a barber, and
it may be, for might I know, that some public
document struck the spark which kindled that
genius, the prod actions of which have been so ben-
eficial to mankind. These Patent Office reports
are distributed to the farmers and mechanics of
the country, and they are held by them in high
estimation. There is not a farmer or a mechanic
who ever received one of these documents who
would not have been willing to have paid for them
more than the very light postage imposed by this
bill; and I have no doubt, if it were understood
that Patent Office reports could always be pro-
cured' by merely inclosing postage to a member of
Congress, we would have a demand for more than
ten times the number of copies that are annually
published. So in relation to the other reports.
Allusion has been made to the Covode report.
That leport was issued during a period of high
political excitement. The opponents of the Ad-
ministration were charging that the Government
was corruptly administered. The friends of the
Administration were defending it earnestly against
the charge, and the active friends and enemies of
the Administration, in every neighborhood, would
have been willing to pay ten times the postage to
procure that document. If a public document is
not popular enough to induce the people to pay
the postage upon it, then it is not worth publish-
ing as a matter of public information. Where is
the person to whom we send public documents, if
they are distributed intelligently, that would not
cheerfully pay the trifling sum of five or ten cents
for the Patent Office report, the Covode report,
the Pacific railroad report, the Coast Survey re-
port, Mordecai's report, Delafield's report, and
other documents like these? There is 110 better
way to put a stop to the waste of public money
in pi 111 tiug useless public documents lhan to show
that the people refuse to pay postage upon them.
A book for which they will not pay fwe or ten
cents ought not to have been printed at the public
expense.
So, too, with seeds distributed by the Patent
Office. They are of no inconsiderable value, and I
believe they have been of use to farmers and gar-
deners. There can be no reason why the very tri-
fling amount of postage provided for in this bill
should not rather be imposed upon the recipients,
than that the charge should be laid upon the peo-
ple at large.
There never could be any plausible reason as-
signed forgiving to members of Congress the right
to frank correspondence upon their private busi-
ness, than to give the same privilege to all other
persons.
The proposition immediately before the House
is to recommit this bill, for the purpose of inserting
a provision that public documents shall pass
through the mails free. That would be to strike
out one of the best features of the bill; and I am
surprised to find that the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who otherwise seems to
favor the measure, objected to that feature. Those
who receive books through the mail for five or ten
cents postage obtain more than an equivalent,and
hence that feature ought to be retained.
A controlling reason, however, for the abolition
of the franking privilege is the enormous abuses
which have grown up under it. ThoGovernment
is annually defrauded out of a large part of its
revenue by these abuses. The abuses have grown
to such a height that a member of Congress is
esteemed by many persons illiberal and narrow-
minded who refuses to frank the correspondence
of his friends. What have we seen in this city?
The franks of members of Congress hawked about
the streets and sold by boys and Army sutlers;
and the Government has thus been deprived of
such a great amount of its postal revenue that the
Postmaster General has felt it to be his duty to
send a remonstrance to this House against the
continuance of these abuses. Sir, there is no rea-
son why we should not cut off these abuses by
cutting up the franking privilege at its roots. ,
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] asked ifthere were any petitions from the
people on our table for the abolition of this priv-
ilege. I answer, sir, that year after year bills have
been pending in this House for the abolition of
that privilege, and Congress has so adhered to
this privilege that the people have despaired of the
efficacy of petitions. But the argument might be
turned against the gentleman himself. If the frank-
ing privilege is a burden upon members, as has
been argued, and the privilege is rather a privilege
to the people, why, when bills have been pending
year after year in Congress to abolish it, have no
remonstrances ever been received from the people?
This privilege, instead of being a favor to the peo-
ple, is a burden upon them. I think,therefore, that
mygencrousanddisinterested friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Kellogg,] who was willing to endure the<
heavy burden of this privilege only on account of
tbo people, may justly help to remove this burden
from our shoulders, and suffer the weary and heavy
laden to be at rest.
I trust that this Congress will distinguish itself
by destroying the franking privilege altogether.
Those who are the recipients of public matter do
not ask alms from us. They ore willing to pay
the postage upon what they receive instead of im-
posing the burden upon the people at large.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the other
day when the debate was all in opposition to the
bill, the vote, if then taken, might have been un-
fortunate, and I suppose it is on that account that
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads has withdrawn the demand for
the previous question in order that the bill shall
be debated by some of its friends. I propose to
direct my attention more particularly to arguments
against the bill, with the addition of a few remarks
111 advocacy of it. We have been told by a gen-
tleman from New York, who I do not now see in
his seat, and by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
also absent, that this bill ought to have been re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
that if it had been reported from that committee
they would support it. It is a new thing to me
that any member of Congress has a right to raise
his voice against curtailing expenditures of the
Governmcntbecause the Committee of Ways and
Means are not cognizant of the matter.
I admit cheerfully, that if this were an expendi-
ture of the Government which we proposed, the
Committee of Ways and Means would have the
right to examine the bill before we brought it for-
ward, to know whether they could provide the
ways and means for it. But that I, a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
have not the right to bring forward here, or to
recommcnd to that committee to bring forward, a
bill cuitailing the expenditures of this Govern-
ment, without committing it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, I deny.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know to what matter
of the Committee of Ways and Means the gentle-
man refers; but 
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I am making no allu-
sion to any member of the Committee of Way s and
Means. I do not know what their course will be
upon the bill, and they have never intimated in the
least degree that the bill should come from them.
I refer to the remarks of the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Pomeroy,] and ofthe gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright,] and 1 deny to them
the right to demand of the Post Office Committee
that they shall first go to some other committee
before they venture to bring in a bill, which, it is
true, does not curtail much, but which provides
the ways and means,by which $1,000,000 of ex-
penditure by the Government may be met. I
think they have the right to do that, and therefore I
take to myself no part of the condemnation which
may be launched against them.
And then the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] as also the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, asked a question of the chairman of the
committee which implies an objection to the bill;
andatfirst thought I supposed it a valid objection.
That was this: will the passage of this bill reduce
any present contract, or will it obtain for the Gov-
ernment any diminution of the price upon con-
tracts hereafter to be entered into; and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania proclaimed that because
the chairman of our committee said it would not,
thcrefoie theie was 110 value in the bill. Well,
sir, why should it obtain a reduction in the price
of any contract? We do not propose to send a
single pound loss by the mails, and therefore the
contractor should receive all he now does. But
we propose to provide from the individuals who
receive the benefit the ways and means to pay
these contracts, instead of having them paid, as
they are now, out of, I believe, a general fund.
We propose that those who receive the benefit of
this matter shall pay for it, instead of it being
made a tax upon the people at large.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man allow mo to make an inquiry ?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I do not like to lose my
time,hut! will allow the gentleman to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask the
gentleman if there is any more reason why a per-
son who receives the benefit of a document should
pay for its distribution than for its printing?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I had intended to no-
tice that part of the gentleman's speech directly,
and I will notice it now while the matter is in my
mind. I have already noticed the objection urged
against the committee because we did not go first
to the Committee of Ways and Means. Here is
another objection, and that is that we have not
usurped the privileges and duties of the Commit-
tee on Public Printing. We have nothing to do
with that. The Committee on Public Printing
controls that matter entirely; and if they choose
to bring in a bill the gentleman can properly argue
that subject, but he cannot properly argue it as
against one committee, or as against this expend-
iture which we propose to cut off. If we cannot
cut off all, let us cut off all we can.
Well, sir, I think I have taken care of the objec-
tion of the gentle man from Tennessee, with whom
I have not the honor of an acquaintance, and also
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and I
have done that by showing that, while the con-
1 tracts are to remain the same, we provide by this
bill the means to pay them; and that is all that
can be asked of us. We do not ask the contract-
ors to reduce the price of their contracts when we
do not propose to reduce the amount they shall
carry. We simply propose to provide a way for
paying them.
Mr. MAYNARD. The purport of my ques-
tion was aimed at one mode by which the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege is to reduce the pub-
lic expenditures, and that is, that a great deal of
the useless matter which is now sent free through
the mails, and finds its place, in the barber shops
