1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
word " adulterate."
Mr. STEVENS. Move to strike out the word
" redistillation" also.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot do that. Redis-
tillation may improve, but adulteration injures
liquor. Now, what is the construction of this
section? Gentlemen are in the habit of mixing
liquors in various ways. Sometimes they mix it
with sugar and call it toddy; and if gentlemen con-
sider them as rectifiers who are required to take
out a license, I want them to add a proviso pro-
hibiting them from making a mixture more than
three times a day.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will say
four times I will agree to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I will agree to that. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting,
before the word " spirits," the word " distilled;"
after the word "spirits," the word "whisky;"
and after the word " rum" the word " whisky;"
so that the clause shall read:
Every person who rectifies, purifies, or refines spirituous
liquors or wines by redistillation or otiier process, or mixes
distilled spiuts, whisky, binndy, gin, or winu, with any
other materials for sale under tlie name of nun, whisky,
brandy, gin, wine, or any otiier name or names, shall be
regarded as a rectifier under tins act.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out the words " redistillation or other, and in-
serting m lieu thereof the word " any."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to amend, in line
seventy-one, by inserting, after the words " one
hundred," the words ""and fifty;" so that the
license shall be $1j0, instead of flOO.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the amendment of the gentleman was amended
by the committee by striking out a less number
of words than he proposed to strike out.
The following clause was read:
JO. ilreweis shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Every
person who manufactures fenneuted liquors of any name
or description for sale fiom malt, wholly or in pait, shall
be deemed a brewer under this act.
Mr. LAW. [ move to slrike out that clause.
I think we have already taxed sufficiently the
manufacturers of beer. You have put a tax of
one dollar a barrel upon every barrel manufac-
tured, and it seems to mo that the imposition of
this additional tax, in the nature of a license fee,
will break up many manufacturing establishments
of the country. This article is one of general con-
sumption all over the East and West, and I think
that a tax ot one dollar a barrel is sufficient to be
laid upon the brewer.
Mr.MENZfES. This tax appears to be very
heavy. I can tell the gentleman from Indiana
that in the town where 1 reside one of the very
largest establishments of the country is engaged
in this business. There are a great many small
works which, I have no doubt, will fall if this
license tax is imposed. The destruction of these
smaller establishments will be for the benefit of
this and other monster establishments. There-
fore my belief is that my opposition to his prop-
osition ought not to prevail, and that his amend-
ment otiH;ht to be adopted. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "The license for
brewers only applies to those who make fermented
liquors for sale. If they make it for sale, clearly
they ought to pay for a license.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of this subdivision the following:
Provided, That licenses may be granted under this sub-
division. for any time Itss than six months, by payment of
the stun of twenty-live dollais.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as I know, that will
cover pretty much all the time that they can brew. I
Brewing isnot carried on during the hot months; i
so that six months virtually includes the wholp 1
working year. So that you might just about as '
well reduce the license, in general terms, to twen-
ty-fivo dollars as to adopt this amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out " fifty "and inserting " twenty.35 I move the
amendment in good faith. I concur, in the main,
in the views of my colleague that when you take
into consideration the excise duty of one dollar a
barrel of thirty-one gallons, this is a very severe
measure. This tax applies to all kinds of beer—
lager beer, strong beer, and every kind of brewed
drink of that nature. This has become an article
of absolute necessity in many parts of the coun-
try, as much so as tea and coffee. Among the
German population, and especially among the
constituents of my friend from Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
lager beer seems to have become an article of ab-
solute necessity, and it becomes somewhat bur-
densome to impose this tax after imposing a tax
of one dollar a barrel, which, according to a state-
ment I hold in my hand, is about three ccnts a
quart.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman say that
a tax of one dollar a barrel is three cents a quart ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not a brewer, like my
friend from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and therefore I
cannot be supposed to be so conversant with the
matter as that gentleman; but I find in a newspaper
published in the very heart of a beer manufactur-
ing country the following statement:
" Congress refuses to reduce the pioposed tax on lager
beer. On a motion, in Committee of the Whole, to reduce
the tax from one dollar to twenty-five cents per barrel, theie
were only twenty-four votes in favor of the proposition. A
tax of one dollai per bairel is about three tents per quart.""
Now, I can speak with confidence of the repu-
table character of this newspaper among the news-
papers of Cincinnati.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentleman
had been educated in Dabol's or Adams's arith-
metic, he might have computed it himself.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Unfortunately I am not quite
as familiar with the matter under consideration
as the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Stevens,] who runs an establish-
ment of this character, or as the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who necessarily was
largely associated with him in the preparation of
this bill. But it seems to me that this tax of fifty
dollars per annum upon the manufacture of beer,
taking all things into consideration, is rather too
large. In my own county, at almostevery point
where a pure spring gushes out of the hills, there
is a brewery. At almost every cross road there
is an establishment—not a large establishment like
that referred to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, but small establishments. It seems to me
that after you have imposed a tax of one dollar
ijpon a barrel of thirty-one gallons, to add this
additional tax of fifty dollars upon the manufac-
ture of that which has become a necessity through
the entire country—especially in Pennsylvania,
where the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means tells you a man drank twenty-eight
glasses without feeling it [laughter]—I say, it
strikes me that it is rather oppressive. Therefore,
I trust that the license tax will be reduccd from
fifty dollars to twenty.
Mr. STEVENS. I must oppose the attempt
of the gentleman to tax beer between three and
four dollars a barrel, [laughter.] My constitu-
ents will not bear it. They cannot stand it to pay
that amount. Three cents a quai t is more than
they can bear if they drink what is necessary for
a healthy human being, [laughter,] and I am as-
tonished that the gentleman should attempt to im-
pose upon our German population a burden of that
kind. It seems to me it is a bold proposition
upon the part of the gentleman from Indiana, that
they should be required to pay three cents a quart
upon their necessary liquor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man to call in question the correctness of this state-
ment of the Cincinnati Daily Enquirer, [laughter,]
a paper published right under the eyes of some of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the truth-
fulness of which was never before called in ques-
tion? Or do I understand him to call in question
the mathematical deductions of that paper, [laugh-
ter?]
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; but I am opposed to
putting a tax of three cents a quart upon lager
beer—for that is his argument. Now, my con-
stituents will not stand that, for they are a beer-
drinking, excellent, healthy community, [laugh-
ter.] And this would take away nearly all their
medicine; and I am afraid if I should vote for it,
it would take away a very excellent member of this
House. [Laughter.] 1 must, therefore, oppose
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
and I am in favor of letting that stand at one or
two mills a drink, and of imposing this license tax
of fifty dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be a question
of mathematical veracity between the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and the Cin-
cinnati Daily Enquirer. [Laughter.1
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all!
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend by striking
out "fifty" and inserting "thirty." I hold in
my hand the report which I referred to the other
day, of the sanitary commissioners appointed by
the President or Secretary of War, to examine
the camps of our Army and to report upon their
sanitary condition, cause of disease, &c. That
commission was composed of the following gen-
tlemen: Rev. H. W. Bellows, D. D., president;
Professor A. D. Bache, LL. D., vice president;
George T. Strong, treasurer; Frederick Law
Olmsted, general secretary; J. S. Newberry, M.
D., J. Foster Jenkins, M. D., J. H. Douglas, M.
D., associate secretaries; A. J. Bloor, assistant
secretary; E. B. Elliott, actuary; John Bowne,
accountant. These gentlemen made a report,
which has been printed and laid on our table. In
that report I find the following on page 34:
"In certain regiments containing a laige peicentasc of
Germans, lager beer has boon fieeiy used. There is evi-
dence before the commission tending to show that its use
(at least duung the sumniei) was beneficial, and that dis-
oulers of the bowels were loss frequent in companies reg-
ulaily supplied with it m moderation than in otiier compa-
nies of the same regiment."
I commend that part of the report to gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, who seem so
bilious upon the mere mention of lager beer.
1 find also, in another part of that report, that
they have recommended another article, under the
head of "quinine as a prophylactic.M I will
read it;
" Quinine as a Prophylactic.—In connection with the sub-
ject of mataual disease, above alluded to, attention is re-
specttully called to the evidence collected in a report pre-
pared tor the commission, on the value of quinine as a
prophylactic against dividers of that cla-s.
a fn conformity with the view^ therein expre-^pd, the
commission ha*., at a cost of ^oOO, since September la-t, in
vauous urgent cases, i>«ued to leirnriental surgeons, at their
request, two bundled and twenty gallons of the sokmonot
sulphate of quinine in spirit* (( quuimc bitter^') for the use
of their men, under theirowu supeivision. Tins has been
done in the case of regiments which, fiom the pecuh.itly
exposed situation of their camps, or hom an inspection of
their sick list, seemed in pecuhat daugei from di>ea-e of a
malarious type. A reduction of the sick list, and a marked
improvement in the health and cdiciency ot the men, has
followedin every instance. The results ot thisuial induced
the medical dnector of the army ot the Potomac to request
fiom the Surgeon General authority to supply quinine lor
life as a preventive, and not nioieiy as a lemody; and this
request has been so far complied with as to authouzo its
use for that puipose m ceitam specified legiments alone."
They state, as the result of their experience,
that these bitters issued to the men and drunk by
them proved an antidote to fever. Now, 1 pre-
sume mtelligentgentlemen will not contend that it
makes much difference whether you give people
Peruvian bark or dogwood bark, or any other
kind of bitters. As I said the other day, it is a
tonic which they need.
Now, it will be conceded that most of the op-
position which we have met with upon this floor
has come from the State of Maine. If she had
never been celebrated before for her opposition to
the use of spirituous and malt liquors, she isjustly
so celebrated now. A reference to this same re-
port of the sanitary commission shows that the
average number of men constantly sick in regi-
ments one thousand strong, from the several
States respectively, was as follows: New York
52; Pennsylvania 57; Massachusetts 52; Connec-
ticut 49; Vermont 88; and Maine 124! [Laugh-
ter.] That is evidence which I commend to gen-
tlemen upon the other side.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Johnson's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr, DUELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That any person who manufactures less than
five hundred bairela per year &haJI pay the sum of twenty-
five dollais foi a license.
I have a letter here from a very intelligent gen-
tleman in my State, who tells me, what is known
to every gentleman upon this floor, that there are
