1862.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
323
and groceries of the country, according to some
gentleman, would not be printed; and therefore
we should save the printing of this matter as well
as its transmission through the mails. The ob-
ject of ray inquiry was to know whether the ex-
penditures of the Post Office Department would be
diminished at all by the diminution of matter sent.
I now understand the gentleman to argue that the
matter would all bo printed and would be sent as
it is now, but that it would all pay a postage, and
in that way the revenue would be increased.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I understand it will be
so, so far as this bill is concerned. This bill does
not propose to do anything in relation to the print-
ing of this matter. I do not suppose that the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads particu-
larly had that matterunder consideration, or that
they were bound to consider it at all.
JMow, then, I wish to take notice of the speech
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conicling.] His argument was first directed
against the second section of this bill, and it was
that lie had a number of constituents who were
not accustomed to go to the post office, who were
not perhaps acquainted with the machinery of the
Post ©ffice Department, and might go there and
find themselves very much disappointed by being
compelled to pay the postage upon their docu-
ments. I do not know where the gentleman comes
from, or where he finds constituents who are not
ill the habit of going to the post office. I cer-
tainly do not know of such in my country. I can
go all over my country, amongst the farmers in
the field, sit down with them, and find them in-
structing me upon great public questions. I can
go among the lumbermen in the pine woods and
find them instrucmg me upon great questions of
public policy, for they read the papers as extens-
ively as I do. And I have no fear in the region
I represent that any such difficulty will be found
to arise out of the ignorance of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 wish to say something
upon this matter of the abolition of the franking
privilege, but I first wish to know if it is in order
to move to recommit the bill with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The motion is pending to
recommit with instructions; also a motion to
amend the instructions.
- Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have some instructions
which I design to submit in addition to those al-
ready pending, or as a substitute, if I have a right
to present them in that way, and upon them I
would like to make a few remarks.
The SPEAKEP„. They will be in order as a
substitute for those already pending.
The instructions were read, as follows;
Resoloed, That the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on the Post Office and I'o-,t Roads with instructions to mod-
ify die same so lh.it the iianking pnvilcp;e of niemiieisot
Congress and Delegates shall bo eu'ioisorl only during the
sessions of Confess, and tor twenty <tay> aftei the adjourn-
ment. That all public officer authonzed to fiank letters
01- document* bo icstlicted in tlio cv>'ii - ol it to official
and public business; the same lc-tuction to be imposed on
Senators, memboisof Congress, and IVIe^Me^. A violation
of, 01-1111 abuse of the puviluge by inembias and Senatois
shall depnve them of the light to Iianlc.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
from Kentucky will allow me, I will make a sin-
gle inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yielded to the gentleman
tlie other day, and it cost me my whole time; but
1 will yield, if doing so will not take up all my
time now.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 would say to
the gentleman fiom Kentucky that he is mistaken.
The floor was assigned to me at the time to which
he refers, and I endeavored to transfer it to the
gentleman from Kentucky, but he dfd not rise to
take it. ■ ,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I think I had better go
on. This question of the fianking privilege of
members of Congress has been the subject of con-
sideration and deliberation by various Congresses
It was the subject of consideration m 1844 and
1845. It became my duty then, m administering
the Post Office Depaitment, to devote some atten-
tion to what I supposed to be the wish of the na-
tional Legislature upon this subject. Ihavecome
to the conclusion, Mr. Speaker, that it is utteily
impossible, and 1 might say it would be improper
at this time of day, to abolish the franking priv-
ilege to the Representatives of the people m the
Congress of the United States, and to many of the
public officers whose duty it is now to transmit
public communications. I say that it would not
be right or politic, and, when you come to mem- ]
bers of Congress, utterly impossible. I tell the
chairman and the members of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads that they can get
no bill through both Houses of Congress that takes
away this privilege, as it is called—the benefit or
privilege of our constituents.
My resolution proposes to carry itback to what
it was when it was originally granted, to grant it
during the sessions of Congress. It was oiiginnlly
intended for the benefit, not of the member of
Congress, but of his constituents, and it was ori-
ginally exercised upon subjects of publicbusiness
and official communications alone. For some time
it was so exercised. Then the privilege was ex-
tended with a view of enabling members to receive
their communications from the seat of Govern-
ment, on their return home, for ten days after the
adjournment. Subsequently it was extended to
twenty days, and, some time after that, it was
extended to sixty days after, and sixty days be-
fore the meeting of Congress, and since 1845 it
has been so extended by amendments until now
members of Congress have the franking privilege
for the whole two years. Why, sir, my prede-
cessor, whose term expired on the 4th of March
last, exercised this privilege—I do not know
whether he did it to any great extent, but he cer-
tainly did to some; he and myself were both frank-
ing—until the meeting of this Congress. That is
the law. Certainly it cannot be necessary for the
benefit of our constituents.
Gentlemen say that this franking privilege has
been abused. 1 know it has. I cannot charge it
upon this House—it would be ottt of order to do
s0—that they have abused the franking privilege;
but they have been more fortunate than I have
been if they have not been importuned at their
seats by persons desiring them to frank letters on
private business. Why, sir, I might say that
my own frank has been used upon u letter sent
through the post from this city by a "contia-
band" who can read and write, and I have heard
that the franks of members of Congress are sold
for two cents apiece at the sutlers'offices. I know
what was the habit when'Congress, perhaps, was
not as honest as it is now; I know that when it
was my duty to supervise this matter, the franks
of members of Congress from Massachusetts were
used m Louisiana during the vacation. I found
that constituents who visited nicnibcrshcie went
home supplied with fianks enough to cover their
correspondence for a whole year. I found that
members of Congress would leave, at their board-
ing-houses and among their acquaintances here,
franks enough to cover the whole correspondence
of Washington city during the recess. _ All these
facts I made known to Congress, as it was my
duty to do, but I could get no remedy. The cry
was that this franking privilege was for the benefit
of the people. I admit that it is for the benefit
of the people, when it is legitimately cxciy.iscd
and properly confined to the objects for which it
was originally granted; but it is a privilege that
is; much abused. It is abused at the country post
offices, wheie the postmasters do the franking of
most of the commercial business of the villages
and cross-roads where they arc situated; And if,
instead of attempting to abolish it, you will go
with me in regulating it, and provide that mcm-
beis of Congress shall have the piivilegc of frank-
ing during the session, and fur twenty days nftei-
watds may receive and transmit documents and
papers conncctcd with their official and repiesent-
ative business, you will cure the evil to a great
extent, and restore the exercise of a beneficial
power, as was originally intended when first
granted by Congress in 1791, I believe.
Sir, I have traced the legislation upon this sub-
ject. This is no new opinion ol mine. I never
'did advocate the total abolition of the fianking
privilege by the Representatives of the people. I
recommended—and I have here a copy ot a bill
which 1 drew in 1844, at the instance of the Post
Office Committee —that the franking privilege
should be brought back to what the resolution I
now offer proposes to bring it back to. Frank
while you are here; frank upon your official rep-
resentative business, and let your own business
alone; pay for it as every other mail pays; re-
ceive youroominunications from your constituents
while you are here free of postage; send to them
what Congress prints free of postage during the
session and for twenty days afterwards; do this
and you cure the evil. If you take away the frank-
ing privilege absolutely, you will not get your
mails carried one cent cheaper. But if you will
regulate and restrict it, you will get the postage
not only of members themselves, but of all those;
who use our franks during the session of Con-,
gress and after Congress adjourns; yoo will re-
quire them to pay postage, and no frank will bo
worth anything if it is not indorsed " upon public
business." I propose,also, that if you abuse the
privilege, you shall not be fined nominally ten
dollars—a fine which is never enforced—but that
you shall forfeit the privilege of franking, and you
can say then to the man who comes to you to
frank his letters, " 1 cannot do it, for if 1 do, I
lose the privilege granted to me for the benefit of
my constituents."
These, sir, are my views upon this question.
I have entertained them for twenty years. 1 am
perfectly satisfied that this House will pass no
bill to destroy the franking privilege entirely. If
you do, you will reduce the postal expenses very
little, while you will deprive us of the privilege of
sending out matter that is so necessary, and that
the people are so anxious to see. Take the Pres-
ident's message and accompanyingdocuments,foi'
instance. Would you impose the postage upon
that upon the man to whom you send it, or would
you be willing to pay it yourselves? I propose
that you shall be allowed to send it free of postage
during the session of Congress and for twenty
days afterwards. Every advantage of the frank-
ing privilege will be thus enjoyed and extended
to the people, and it will no longer be exercised
for the benefit of members of Congress and the in-
dividuals who now employ it outside of Congress,
because every member will be required to indorse
his communication " on official business."
I say, therefore, without discussing this ques-
tion further, that if the Post Office Committee de-
siie to make a reform upon this question, they
must reform Lhe abuses of the system, and not
entirely destroy the franking privilege, which, I
think, belongs properly to the member of Con-
gress, to be used, not for his own benefit, but for
the benefit of his constituents.
Mr. H0TCHINS. I am m favor of the un-
conditional abolition of the franking privilege; but
1 shall most cheerfully vote for the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
U-oads, if it is the best we can get. It does seem
to mo that the arguments made use of against the
abolition of the franking privilege are hardly fair.
I allude to the remark by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] not now in his
seat by reason of indisposition—a gentleman who
always speaks with point and power, and I have
great respect for his ability and confidence in his
t integrity. It seemed, however, that he was hardly
fair in charging that demagogues and secessionists
arc in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilcgc.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg]
seemed to think, judging from his eloquent pero-
ration, that the sun of our intelligence would go
; out, that the earth would quake, that the rocks
; would be rent,and that darkness as dense as Egyp-
] tian would settle down upon the people if our
11 proceedings here should not be conveyed through
U the country by means of the franking privilege
•I Really, I thought at one time from the gentie-
i man's specch, that if the franking privilege were
i abolished, we should have not even moonshine
li after that event. Now, what is the fact? -t«e
[I Congressional Globe is the official paper of this
11 House. How much of the intelligence which this
j: House furnishes is conveyed to the people by
ii means of the Globe? Each member is entitled to
i J twenty-four copies, one of which he receives dur-
'! ing the session, and the balance afterwards. Now,
ii wiiat proportion of the people are enlightened by
! i the twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
;■ that, some six months after the proceedings of
|| Congress are closed, are circulated in each con-
j' gressional district?
|. Mr. Speaker, everything of importance that
'! transpires m this House, efther as regards reports
II or speeches or votes, is conveyed to the public by
j! the intelligent Associated Press, which reports all
11 our proceedings. Every impoitant public docu-
i ment is published in almost all the newspapers,
}! and read before the official paper with the House
reports is franked by members.
