324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
As-an illustration of how the franking privilege
works, take the Patent Office report. Every mem-
ber, I believe, gets about a thousand copies, and
these are circulated among ninety-three thousand
or one hundred thousand people. That is not one
for every thousand people. Now, is it fair to tax
those who do not get reports for the benefit of those
whodogpetthose documents? I mention thisasan
illustration to showthattheadvantages (and there
may be some) arising from the franking privilege
are not uniform, and therefore not fair.
Now, I have some facts which I wish to submit
to the consideration of the House, showing the
cost of the franking privilege. In a report made
to the Post Office Committee of this House by Mr.
Berrett, then postmaster in this city, in the month
of January, 1854, the following facts appear:
.Letters from members of Congress... 3,446 lbs. $4,664
Documents " " " ...693,508 " 110,961
Letters from Departments  7,085 " 6,782
Newspapers (numbering 1,110,020)..111,002 " 11,100
Total for one month (prepaid rates) .815,021 lbs. $133,507
For twelve months do. do. 9,780,242 lbs. §1,602,087
The then postmaster expressed.it as his opin-
ion that the free matter during that month, of
which he gave the results, was less than the aver-
age quantity. The amount given would make
about five thousand tons of "free" matter in a
year from the post office at the city of Washing-
ton alone. Taking these figures as an average for
the whole year, the postage on the matter trans-
mitted free through the mails from Washington
alone would have amounted to §1,602,087. Ex-
tend the calculation to all the other post offices
thoughout the country, embracing free matter sent
and received, and see what will be the result. I
have an intelligent estimate before me, in an arti-
cle published in the Banker's Magazine, and writ-
ten by Pliny Miles, which puts the entire postage
which should be paid on matter that novvgoes free
at $2,500,000 annually. I have also before me a
table showing the expenditures and revenues of
the Post Office Department for ten years—from
1847 to 1856. The expenditures amounted to
$68,136,107, and the revenues to $54,014,652.
Add to the aggregate revenue the $2,500,000 per
year represented by the mail matter which was
transmitted free, and you will find that in those
years the Post Office Department would not only
have sustained itself, but would have contributed
$10,000,000 to the Treasury.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that if this franking
privilege were abolished, the Post Office Depart-
ment would more than sustain itself. The abuses
growing out of the franking privilege are a crying
evil. There are abuses in every way connected
with it—abuses that are incidental to the system,
and that will continue to exist so long as the sys-
tem itself is tolerated. I believe that we ought to
abolish it now, and provide by law, if necessary,
for the transmission by the different Departments
of public documents and matters of official busi-
ness, to be paid for by those Departments and
charged as items of expenditure. This ought to
be provided for by a separate law, and perhaps
we ought also to change the rates of postage some-
what in regard to all printed matter, making the
rates more uniform and systematic, and easier of
comprehension. 1 believe that these reforms are
necessary, and are demanded by the people. But
let us first, as an entering wedge to this system of
reform, abolish the franking privilege, and after
that is done these other improvements will follow
in due order, as the requirements of the country
may seem to indicate.
I contend that if members of Congress are to be
allowed the franking privilege, it ought to be also
extended to soldiers. If this House shall refuse
to pass the bill now before it, i shall vote most
cheerfully for the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Sherman,] to'allovv the
iranking privilege to soldiers on certain conditions,
or at least to allow it to the chaplains of regiments
{? 'hem. I do not think that it would be
light foi us to insist on the franking" privilege for
ourselves as members of Congress, and refuse to
extend it to another branch of the public service
which is quite as worthy and perhaps quite as in-
telligent as the legislative branch. If I understand
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] I shall vote for it, as it
proposes to strike from the bill reported by the
committee all but that part which unconditionally
abolishes the franking privilege.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
think thatthegentleman from Ohio misapprehends
slightly the effect and object of myamendment. It
is not an amendment to the substitute offered by
my colleague, [Mr. Duell,] but is an amendment
to the original bill reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. It is simply to
strike out all of the bill after the first section, so
thatthe House will vote on the square proposition,
pure and simple, to abolish the franking privilege.
I should like now to put an inquiry to the Chair.
I should like to know, Mr. Speaker, whether, if
the motion to recommit, which is now pending,
should fail, the first question would not then be on
my amendment to strike out all after the first sec-
tion, so that those of us who desire, as I desire, to
vote tojibolish the franking privilege simply, may
come at once to that vote.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recommit
fails, the first question will be on the amendment
to strike out all after the first section.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I shall cheerfully vote for
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, and hope that it will prevail.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, I suppose that it
is impossible for any committee of this House to
bring in a measure, detracting in the least from
any of the privileges now enjoyed by members,
that would meet with the approval of every member
of this House. It is not m the nature of man, it
never was in the nature of man, to part with a
privilege once enjoyed, without great regret and
without making some struggle to retain it. I be-
lieve that the franking privilege should be abol-
ished. I believe that it should be abolished be-
cause of the abuses that have grown up under it.
And if gentlemen who have expressed themselves
in favor of the abolition of the franking privilege
will only unite with us in some practical measure
for that purpose, it will be accomplished. But it
is almost impossible for us, with half a dozen
different propositions pending before the House,
to accomplish the great object which we have in
view. I question no man's motives, for I have
no right to do so. I question no man's action on
this bill, for I have no right to do so. But, Mr.
Speaker, it is apparent to every man here that
enormous abuses exist in connection with this
franking privilege. Not a member who has spoken
on the question has undertaken to deny that. The
question then comes home to-us, how shall we cor-
rect these abuses? and that is the question to which
I wish to direct the attention of the House at this
time.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads because it accomplishes the desired result.
It cuts up by the roots all the abuses that have
crept up under this franking privilege. It is well
known that the present system, with all its abuses,
has become a burden to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and is now a direct tax upon the people.
The franking privilege is, it is true, no benefit to
the member.
Now, sir, I do not agree with the gentleman
that it is a personal privilege to mp. I know itis
not a privilege to any man to-be permitted to sit
down and frank a hundred thousand documents,
and I franked more than that number during the
last Congress. But it is a privilege to a few in-
dividuals in my district who are the recipients of
these documents,and it is a privilege to them at a
very great expense to all the others who do not
reccive them. If'mcmbers of Congress could send
documents to all their constituents in their several
districts, it would then indeed be a privilege to
all to send them free of postage; but we all know
that not more than one in a hundred can receive
the benefit of sending these documents, for the :
reason that itis not possible for the Government I
to furnish them. It is true that members may !
purchase them at their own expense, as I have I
done, to some extent, to make up the deficiency; j
but that cannot be done to any considerable ex- j
tent, I
The question then is, are the few men only to i
be supplied—are the many to be taxed for the '
benefit of the few? I, for one, am not willing to
continue a system which practically produces
such results.
But, sir, this bill is opposed on the ground that
it furnishes intelligence to the people in the shfipe ,
ofcongressional documents and speeches, at the j
expense of those who receive the documents and I
speeches; and-that the people will feel it to be a
burden to be compelled to pay the postage on them.
I do not agree with gentlemen when they saywe
are shutting out light from the people by passing
this bill. On the contrary, I hold that intelligenco
will be diffused by the passage of this billf If
there is any gentleman hero who docs not 'wish
to tax his constituents to whom he sends docu-
ments, with the payment of postage uponlhem,
he can have the patriotic privilege of paying it
himself under this bill. If any gentleman here—
if the gentleman from Illinois [MrrKELLOGG] feels
that he ought not to tax his constituents with the
payment of one cent postage upon his speeches,
or five cents postage upon an Agricultural report,
or ten cents upon a volume of the Congressional
Globe, let him pay it out of his own pocket. It
is a patriotic privilege which this bill permits every
man to enjoy without let or hinderance. But, sir,
the gentleman is willing that the whole people of
the country shall be taxed for the benefit of the
few who are the recipients of these documents.
For myself, I am willing to believe that no por-
tion of my constituents would be unwilling to pay
postage on the documents they receive. 1 am not
willing to believe that there is one man in rrfy dis-
trict who would be unwillingto pay one centfora
speech or five cents for an Agricultural Patent
Office report, or ten cents for a volume of the Con-
gressional Globe. If there is any such man there,
he is unworthy to receive them.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I submit that this bill
should become a law, because it will become a
source of revenue to the Post Office Department.
The deficiency in the revenues of that Department
for the present fiscal year, or for the fiscal year of
1861, amounts to $4,551,966 98, and this deficiency
must be met in some way, and the only possible
way in which it can be made up is by a ta.x upon
the people. By the provisions of this bill more
than a million dollars can be brought into the
Treasury, and the people relieved from taxation
to that amount.
Mr. Speaker, in these times, when we are com-
pelled to tax the necessaries of life to support our
Army in a war for the maintenance and restora-
tion of the Constitution and the Union, this is no
inconsiderable item. I would like to be informed—
I would like to have any gentleman inform me
how he proposes to defend his vote to place upoti
tea, coffee, sugar, and molasses the enormous tax
which has been put upon them as a matter of ne-
cessity to raise the money to pay our soldiers; I
say I ask any gentleman how he is to defend his
vote upon that bill when to-day he refuses to vote
for the passage of a bill the effect of which will be,
as all admit, to put more than $1,000,000 into the
national Treasury?
I did not intend to speak at length upon this
bill. It has been fully considered by our com-
mittee,and I believe unanimously agreed upon by
them. And, sir, permit me to say tiiat I think the
chairman of that committee deserves great credit
for having perfected a measure that accomplishes
all the purposes that the franking privilege can
accomplish, while it corrects the abuses that priv-
ilege has given rise to. It diffuses intelligence
among the people, and at the same time is a source
of revenue to the Department. I say he deserves
great credit for having perfected a bill of this char-
acter, and I trust the House will come to the con-
clusion to vote down ail amendments, and let us
come practically to the work of reforming the
abuses, the overgrown abuses, that confront us
everywhere upon this question of franking.
Mr. WICKLIPFE. It has been said that I
was mistaken in saying that the law gives mem-
bers of Congress the right to frank during the
whole year. I find by referring to the eighth sec-
tion of the act of 1845, this provision:
" That each member of the Senate, each member of tfee
House of Representatives, and each Delegate from a Terri-
tory oftlie United States, the Secietary of the Senate, and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, may during eaeli
session of Congress, and for a period of thirty days before
the commencement, and thirty days after the end of each
and every session of Congress, send and receive through '
the mail, fi;ee of postage, any letter, newspaper, or packet,
not exceeding two ounces in weight," &.c.
That is the section conferring the franking priv-
ilege. Then, on motion of some very great advo-
cate of the franking privilege, there was inserted
at the close of the section this sentence:
" And they shall have the right to frank written letters
from themselves during tile whole year, as now authorized
by law."
