1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
assessor full power in every instance to determine
■what tlie amount of rent should be on which the
license should be fixed. My amendment is merely
to execute that idea, and to strike out words in
the bill which are in conflict with it, or which, in
connection with it, lmve no meaning. If it were
the decision of the committee that all contracts
made between landlord and tenant should betaken
as the standard of rent, then my amendment
should not be adopted; but if the assessor is to
have power to determine the question, then my
amendment becomes absolutely necessary, to give
consistency to the section.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman will amend
his proposition so as to make it read, "if already
rented at a proper value," I shall have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. That addition would
come very properly in the amendment which the
gentleman offered, but would not cohere in the one
which I offered. The gentleman can move it as
a modification of his own amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. White's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. WOODRUFF. Theamendmentoffered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright]
was to guard against collusion between parties.
Now, I propose an amendment which is intended
to guard against wrong 011 the part of the assessor.
It is to add to the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania these words, "at its proper
value, but not less than the actual rent agreed
upon by the party." It is possible that the as-
sessor may assess the rental at a less sum than is
agreed upon to be paid. I desire to prevent that.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is ngfit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment as a proviso to the eleventh
paragraph:
Provided, That no keeper of any hotel, inn, tavern, or
eating-house, shall be permitted to sell, to be (hunk on the
premises, any distilled spirits, lerinented liquors, or wine*
of any kind, without first paying for each licence so to sell
the.same amount which such retailer or pajty is required
to pay by the provisions of this act, as keeper of a hotel,
inn, tavern, or eathig~houi c, and in addition theieto.
1 trust the committee will consider that a rea-
sonable amendment. It is certainly in accordance
with other provisions of the bill in regard to re-
tailers I want, if possible, to have one class of
tavern-keepers who shall not be cncournged to
sell; in other words, a class who shall be encour-
aged not to sell. The Committee nf Ways and
Means evidently contemplated this, for they de-
clare, in this eleventh paragraph, that every place
where food and lodging are provided for and fur-
nished to travelers and sojourners, in view of pay-
ment therefor, shall be regarded as hotels, inns,
or taverns, under this act.
Now, what I want to add is that you shall in
this instance, as you have in the other instances,
prohibit them from selling intoxicating drinks
without a liccnse. I think the Government will
make a very large sum in the way of revenue by
doing that, It will give you revenue, and it will
not be a discouragement for those who are dis-
posed to keep temperancc houses to do so. The
proposition is so very reasonable that it cannot
require an argument to convince the House of its
propriety. I think there can be no objection to it
on the part of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I understand they ate in favor of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 think we had
better keep thi« act in a shape whore it will be as
little offensive to people as possible. So far as
licensing taverns to sell liquor is concerned, the
Committee of Ways and Means have endeavored
to steer clear of this difficulty. We have left it to
the various States to say whether these taverns
shall seil liquor or not. In Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, and other States, they demand a license for
the privileges of selling liquor, from which they
derive quite a laige revenue. In othui States no ,
license at all is required. It will therefore clearly j
be an unequal tax if we undertake to fix a license
for the selling nf liquor in taverns, and it may
interfere with the State regulations in that regard.
Mr. PIKE. I move, pro forma, to amend the
amendment by striking out the last three words of
it. I make the motion for the purpose of afford-
ing me an opportunity to suggest to my colleague,
that by implication his amendment if adopted
might authorize taverns to sell liquors by paying
the license notwithstanding any State laws to the
contraiy. As the lower class of tavern?., by this
bill, only pay a tavern license of five dollars, if my
colleague's amendment should pre vail, by the pay-
ment of five dollars more they would bo author-
ized by the laws of the United States to sell liquor.
Unless, therefore, my colleague wishes to accom-
plish thatobject, I would suggest that he had better
not insist on his amendment. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following paragraph of the sixty-first sec-
tion was read, as follows:
12. Eating-houses shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Eveiy place whet e food or refreshment;; of any kind are pro-
vided for casual victor* anil sold for consumption therein,
shall be regarded as an eating-house under this act.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend by adding at the end thereof, as follows:
But the keeper of an eating-house having taken out a
licence therefor shall not he required to take out a license
as confectioner, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
I desire only to say in relation to this amend-
ment that the Committee of Ways and Means, I
understand, favor its adoption.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to go back to the preceding paragraph for
the purpose of enabling me to strikeout the word
" rental " wherever it occurs, and to insert44 rent."
• Mr. JOHNSON". I object to that.
Mr. COX. I ask the consent of the House to
recur to the eleventh paragi aph of this section pro-
viding for licensing taverns, for the purpose of
moving to add to it the following proviso:
Provided, That if, in the judgment of the assessor, there
be any fraud or collusion m i etuiunig the actual rent to him,
there shall be a penalty equal to double the amount of license
required by this section, to be collected as other penalties
under this act are to be collected.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was received.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I am opposed
to that amendment—certainly in its present shape
—because it leaves the whole matter in the hands
of the assessor. If the assessor believes or pre-
tends to believe that there has been fraud or col-
lusion, there is no appeal from him, but the pen-
alty must follow. It seems to me the amendment
by its terms will open the doois to the practice of
very great injustice.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will not sat-
isfy himself then by objecting to the whole amend-
ment because of its imperfect phraseology, but
will amend it so that it will guard against the ob-
jection which he suggests. 1 believe that fraud
will be committed under the paragraph as it now
stands. I will modify the amendment to meet the
difficulty of the gentleman from California, so that
it shall read as follows:
Provided, That if there ho any fiaud or collusion in re-
taining the actual rent to the nssessor, there shall be a pen-
alty ot double the amount of license required by this act.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the thirteenth par-
agraph in the one hundred and twenty-second
line by striking out the word " twenty*' and in-
serting in its place the word " fifty." The clause
of the paragraph,asamended, would read, " bro-
kers shall pay fifty dollars for each license."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend the
same paragraph in the twelfth line by inserting
after the word " stocks" the words, "com, money,
bank notes;" after the word "notes," in the same
line, the word ''promissory;" after the word
" securities," in the same line, the words, " for
the paymentof money;" and after the word " or,"
in the one hundred and twenty-fifth line, the word
" who." The paragraph, as amended, would then
read:
13, ftiokers shall pav fifty dollars for each license. Any
peison whose business is to puiehase or sell stocks, coin,
monc\, hank note*, diafts, piomissory notes, or other se-
curities for the payment ot money forthemselves or others,
or who deald in exchanges lelatmg to money, shall be re-
garded as a broker under tln^ act.
I suppose there can be no objection to this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will suggest that
there is a class of persons m the country who
are in reality brokers, and who ought to be in-
cluded in this paragraph; but I am not certain
whether they are or not by its terms. In order
to make it quite sure, I submit this amendment.
| After "sell," in line one hundred and twenty-
, throe, add 44 or who is habitually engaged in buy-
i ing or selling;" and at the end of the paragraph
add, " whether he keeps an office or not;" so that
the paragraph, as amended, would read:
13. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars lor each license. Any
person who>e business is to purchase or sell, or who is ha-
bitually engaged m buying or selling stocks, coin, money,
bank notes, d; alts, piomissory notes, oi other securities for
the payment ot money for themselves or otheis, or who
deals in exchanges lehitmg to money, shall be regaided as a
broker under this act, whether lie keeps an office or not.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
14. Commercial biokers shall pay fifty dollars for each
license. Any poison who purchases, oi sells goods or pro-
duce, or seeks orders therefor, in original or unbroken pack-
ages, or manages business matters for the owners of vessels,
oi the shipper-? or consignors of freight carried by vessels,
or puichases or sells real estate for others, shall be regarded
a commercial broker undei this act.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend,
by striking out the words "commercial brokers
shall pay fifty dollars for each license," and in-
serting in place thereof, "merchandise brokers
shall pay twenty dollars for each license." I
think tfie committee did right when they raised
the licenses of money brokers from twenty to fifty
dollars; but so far as these merchandise brokers
are concerned, they are a different class of persons
altogether. They are generally dealers upon a
comparatively small scale—men who buy and sell
for others—having some knowledge of commer-
cial matters, but who have not the capital them-
selves to enter into business. So far as my knowl-
edge goes, they are generally poor men; their
operations are small, and I think that twenty
dollars is as great a license as they can pay. f
hope the amendment will be adopted. I believe
the Government will realize a larger revenue by
placing it at twenty than at fifty dollars.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is a class of real estate
brokers in Pennsylvania who deal in very large
sums of money.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I do not refer to
them. There should be another paragraph intro-
duced here to provide for real estate brokers and
ship brokers.
Mr. WRIGHT. The section as it stands in-
cludes both real estate brokers and ship brokers,
who, as far as Pennsylvania and New York are
concerned, do a very large and profitable business.
As far as they are concerned, I think the license
should be increased rather than made smaller.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If the amend-
ment is adopted I shall move that a distinct li-
cense tax shall be placed upon real estate brokers.
As the gentleman from Pennsylvania says, they
should be assessed at a higher rate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to insert
the words " except when holding a license as
wholesale dealer or banker."
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest the words be in-
serted, " whose business it is to purchase or sell."
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out all after
the word " license," and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Any person whose business or occupation is to sell goods
or produce, or seek ordeis therefor, in original or unbioken
packages, and man.igc bu^ines*. matters, for the owners of
vessels or lor shippeis or consignors of freight carried by
vessels, or puiehases or sells leal estate for others, shall be
regarded a commercial bioker under this act.
I accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts as part of mine.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to insert after the
word " purchases" the words "orrents." Those
whose business it is to rent houses ought to be
included.
The amendment to the. amendment was adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not quite understand
this section. It seems to me that under that sec-
tion those wholesale merchants who simply buy
these articles will be included.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa removes that difficulty.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to insert after the
word " or" the words "whose business it is to
purchase,rent,or sell real estate;" so as to make
the section conform to a very proper amendment
suggested in a previous part of the section. It
will have the effect not to require a man who is
only employed in one transaction, and where his
