THE CQJSSRMIOJSTAI;- GLOBE.
3267
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of the pres-
ent rebellion, and for other purposes were referred, having
met and considered the saifie, after full and free confer-
ence thereon have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, and agree to the same, with the fol-
lowing amendments: strike out of the second section of'the
Senate'd amendment the words," by the forfeiture of all
his peisonal property, of every kind whatsqevor, including
Glioses in action, and by the forfeiture of his hfe estate in
any real property of which lie Ihay be the owner, wherever
situated within the United States," and insert the words,
" by a fine not exceeding $10,000;" and strike out the fur-
ther words, "and all such property,excluding slaves,shall
bo forfeited to the United States."
Also, strikeout the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth
sections of the Senate bill, and inseit the following sec-
tions :
Sec. 5. Jjnd be it further en&cted. That to insure the
speedy termination of' the present rebellion, it shall be the
■duty of the Fresidentof the United Statestoeause theseiz-
ute of all the estate and property, money, stocks, credits,
and effects of the persons hereaiter named in this section,
and to apply and use the same, and the proceeds thereof,
foi the support of the Army of the United States, that is to
say: first, of any person heieafter acting as an officer of
the army ot navy of the rebels in arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States; secondly, of any peison here-
after acting as president, vicr* president, member of Con-
gress, judge of any court, cabinet officer, foieign minister,
commissioner, or consul of the so-called confederate States
of America ; tbiidly, of any peison acting as Governor of
a State, member of a convention or Legislature, or judge
of any court of any of the so-called confederate States of
America ; fourthly, of any person who, having held an of-
fice of honor, trust, or profit in the United States, shall
hereafter hold an office hi the so-called confederate States
of America; fifthly, of any person hereafter holding any
office or agency under the government of the so-called eon-
federate Slates of America, or under any of the seveial
States of the said confederacy, or the laws thereof, whether
such office oragency be national, State, or municipal in its
name or character: Provided, That the persons thiidly,
iouithly, and fifthly above described shall have accepted
their appointment or election since the date of the pretended
ouhnanee of secession of the State, oi shall have taken an
oath of allegiance to, or to suppoit the constitution of the
so-called confederate States; sixthly, of any persons who,
owning propeity in anv loyal State or Territoiyof the Uni-
ted States, or m the District of Columbia, chnll hereafter
a>M&t and give aid and comfott to such rebellion, and all
sale*, transfers, or conveyances of any such propeify shall
be null and void ; and it shall be a sufficient bar to any suit
hiought by such person for the possession orthe useol'such
pioperty, oi any of it, to allege and piove that ho is one of
the peisonb dc*ciibcd in this section.
Sec. 0 .dud he it further entitled, That if any poison
within any State ot 'Territory of the United State", other
than those named as aforesaid, after the [?a>sage ot this act,
being engaged m aimed rebellion against the Government
of the United States, oi aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixty days atti'i public warning and proc-
lamation duly given and made by the President of the Uni-
ted State*, eeu-t' to aid, countenance,and abet such iobel-
linn, and retain to his allegiance to the United Slates, all
the c-tate and piopeity, monejs, stocks, and credits of such
person shall bo liable tosei/.uro as aforesaid, and itshall be
the dutv of the President to seize and use them as aforesaid
oi the pioeetxU thereof. And all sales, transfers, or con-
veyances, of any such propeity aftei the expiration of the
«;ud sixty days fiom the date of such warning arid proclama-
tion shall be null and void; and it shall be a sufficient bar to
any suit brought by such person foi the possession or the
u.-a! of such [nopeity, or any of it, to allege and prove that
lie i.s one of the persons described in tin- section.
Sr.c. 7. Jfrul be it jurthcr enacted, That to secuie fhe con-
demnation and sale of any such piopeity alter the saint; shall
have been seized, so that it may he made available tor the
purposes afoio.ud, pioccedings in rem shall bo instituted m
the name of the United States in any distuct court thcieol,
or in any tcuitoiial cotut, or m the United States distnet
court for the District ot Columbia, within which the piop-
eity above described or any part thereof may be found, or
into which the same if movable may fn.-t be brought, which
pioeeedmgs shall conform as neaiiy as may be to proceed-
ings m admualty or revenue case-, and if said piopeity.
whether leal or peisonal, shall be found to have belonged
toupeisou engaged m rebellion, oi who has given aid or
commit thereto, the same shall b« condemned as enemies'
piopert) , and become the piopeity of the United States, and
may be disposed of as the eouit shall decree, and the pro-
ceeds theieot paid into the Treasuiy of the United Slates
for the put pose:, aforesaid.
Sue. «. .Jud he it fart hei cnacted, That the seveial eoints
aforesaid '-hall have power to make such ouleit*, establish
Mich forms of deeiee and sale, and duect such deeds rind
conveyances to be executed and dcliveicd by themaishals
ihcieol when: real estate ^luill he the subject of sale, -as shall
filly and efficiently effect the put poses of thus act, and vest
in the pmchafer-, of such propeity good and valid titles
thereto. And the said couits shall have power to allow such
fee.-, and chmges of then olheeis as shall bo reasonable and
proper in the piemises.
Sue. 9. *2 iul be it farther enacted, That all slaves of per-
sons who shall heieafter be engaged m rebellion againstthe
Government ot the United States, or who shall in anyway
give aid or comfort thereto, escaping from such person? and
taking refuge within the lines of the Army ; and all slaves
cap tin ed from such persons oi de^ej ted by them and coming
nndei theeontrol of the Government of the United States;
and ail slaves of such peisons found or being within any
place oc< upied by icbef ibices and aiteiwaid-? occupied by
tue foiee- ot the United States, shall be deemed captives
of wai, and shall be forevei free of their servitude and not
again held as slaves.
Also, amend the title so that it shall read as follows: "A
bill to suppress insuireetion, to punish ticason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes." DANIEL CLARK,
v IRA HARRIS,
JOSEPH A. WRIGHT,
Managers on the part of'the Senate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JAMES F. WILSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous question
uponthe adoption of the report.
Mr. WfCKLIFFE. I understand the previous
question has been called upon the adoption of the
report. As this is a matter of great importance,
I desire to make a suggestion to the chairman of
the committee. *
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WICKLI-FFE. I desire the consent of
the House to make a suggestion to the chairman
of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that a committee of confer-
ence has no right to take cognizance of anything
except points of disagreement between the two
Houses when the matter was referred to them.
The idea that a committee of conference may em-
brace newmatter in theirreport,uponwhich there
hasbeennodisagreementbetwxen the two Houses,
is one which I think has no sanction in parlia-
mentary law.
The SPEAKER. The point raised by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky involves simply a question
of fact.
Mr. MALLORY. I point out that portion of
the report which provides for the arming of per-
sons of. African descent, and submit that the com-
mittee had no right to embrace that subject in
their report.
A Member. That was in the Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notscehow
it is within his province to reject the report of a
committee of conference. The point raised by
the gentleman from Kentucky involves a question
of fact which is for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to decide. The Chairasks thegentleman
from Massachusetts whether the report of the
committee of conference includes any matter not
refeued to the committee?
Mr. ELIOT. It does not.
M r. STEVENS. Thegentleman does not make
a question of order. 1 object to this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
point raised by the gentleman involved a question
of fact, and not a question of order.
Mr. COX. Letmeaska question as to a matter
of fact. As I understand it, the House passed a
bill and sent it to the Senate. The Senate substi-
tuted its own bill in place of that passed by the
House. Now, I submit to the Chair whether any-
thing is in order for the committee of conference
cxcept to report one bill or the other.
The SPEAKER, The report of the committee
of conference is before the House, and they can
dispose of it as they please.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask as to a point
of fact. Did J understand the Chair to say that
the point raised by me involved a question of fact
to be settled by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated.
Mr. MALLORY. I supposed, when a pointof
order was presented to the Chair for his decision,
based upon a question of fact, it was for the
Speaker to dccidc both the question of fact and the
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
point presented by the gentleman from Kentucky
did not involve a question of order, merely a ques-
tion of fact, which it was competent for the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts, the chairman of the com-
mittee of conference, to determine. * The Chair
does not know of any power vested in htm to rule
out a report of a committee of conference. If the
statement of the gentleman from Kentucky be cor-
rect, it might be a good reason for the House to
reject the report, but none for the Chair to rule it
out of order.
Mr. COX. I desire to raise a question of order
based upon a point of fact.
Mr, STEVENS. 1 object to any irregular pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. Does the Chair overrule my point
of order?
TheSPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. COX. I appeal from the' decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts reports from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on House bill No. 471. The gentleman->from
Ohio raises the point of order that the House, hav-
ing passed a bill, and the Senate having amended
the bill by adopting a substitute therefor, the com-
mittee of conference must report the bill or the
substitute entire. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order, and the question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
M13SSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate insist upon their disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
348) for the better government of the Navy of the
United States, agree to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and have appoined Messrs.
Hale, Sumner, and Carlile, as the committee
of conference on their part.
The message further announced that the Senate
have agreed (o the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions.
The message further announced that the Senate
have agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (II. R. No. 531) increasing tempora-
lly the duties on imports, and for other purposes.
CONFISCATION—AGAIN.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. 1 move to lay the report
on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays,
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative,— yeas 42, rtays 77; as follows:
YGAs?—Mo^rs. William Allen, William J Allen, An-
eona, Bailv, Middle, George II. Browne, Clements, Cobb,
Coining,Cox, Custield, Crittenden, Dunlap, Fouke, Gian-
gei, Gndei. Hall. Hauling, liolman, Keirigan, Knapp, Law,
Lehman, Malloiy, Maynaid, Menzies, Moms, Nugen, Pen-
dleton, J,uues S." Rollins, Segar, Sluel, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Utiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thoma-, Waul, Webster, Wicldifte, and Wood—42.
NAYS—Mosms. Aldiicli, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baxter, Beanian, Bingham, Samuel S. Blaii, Blake,
Butfinton, Campbell, Claik, Colfax, Fiedericlc A. Conkhng,
Roscoe Coriklmg, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Duell,
Dunn, Edwaids, El tot, Ely, Fenton, Fe^enden, Fisher,
Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Guiley, Hale, Hooper, llutclunH,
Julian, Kelloy, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Lansing, Limine, Lovejoy, Low, MeKmybt, McPherson*
Mitchell, Mooiliead, Ans-on P.Mornll, Ju&tin S. Morrill,
Nt\on, i'attou, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter,
Alexander II Riee, John 11. ttiee, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rol-
lins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sherman,
Stnuton, Tumble, Tiowbi idge, Van Iloin, Veijee, Wall,
Wallace, Walton, Washbuine, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
Wilson, Wmdom, and Worcestei—77.
So the report was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SHEFFIELD stated that he had paired
with Mr. Ciiamberlin on this bill, otherwise he
would vote to lay the report on the table.
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had patted with Mr.
Wadswortii.
Mr. PENDLETON stated thatMr. White,of
Ohio, was absent and paired with Mr. Baker.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Val-
landigiiam xvas absent and paired xvith some gen-
tleman on the other side of the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it xvas decided in
the affiimative—yeas 82, nays 42, as follows:
YEAS—Me-sts. Aldi ieh, Alley, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt,,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samncl S.
Blair, Blake, BulRnton, Campbell, Ca^ej, Clark, Colfax,
Fiedeiiek A. C'onkiing, Ro>eoe Conklinc, Covode, Cutler,
Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fessenden,Fishei, Frank, Gooeh. Goodwin,Gmlev, Hale,
Hoopei, Hutching Julian, Kellev, Fiancib W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejor, Low, Me-
Kiught, MePhfrson, Mn\nard, Mi to hell, Afoot bead. An«on
P. Moitill, Jin-tin S Morull, Nixon. Patton, Timothy G.
