1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
profits may only be twenty-five dollars, to pay a
license tax, but to require it of those whose busi-
ness it is to purchase, rent, or sell real estate.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
> Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to strike
out the words " in original or unbroken pack-
ages."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DUJNXAP. I move to strike out the word
"produce." With thatword in it would embrace
every farmer. It reads, "to sell for themselves or
others."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert after the word " who," in line one hundred
and twenty-eight, the words " as agent of ail-
other." If I understand the meaning of the term
broker, he is not a man who makes a purchase on
his own account, but he is a go-between the pur-
chaser and seller, and an agent for both.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. That is the
proper definition of the word broker, butnotof the
word under this bill. Here it includes forward-
ing merchants and others.
Mr. HOOPER. The words " or others" in the
paragraph cover my colleague's point.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifteenth paragraph was read, as follows:
15. Tobacconists &hall pay ten dollats for each license.
Any person who shall offer for sale, at retail, cigais, snuff, or
tobacco in any foim, shall be regarded a tobacconist under
this act. But retail dealers, having taken out a license
theicfor, shall not he required to take out a license as to-
bacconists, anything in this act to the contrary notwith
standing.
Mr. WILSON. I move to insert after the word
" but" the words "wholesale and retail."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out the whole par-
agraph, because it is provided for m the fifth par-
agraph already adopted.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to insert after the
words " retail dealers," these words, " keepers
of hotels, inns, and taverns."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER moved to strike out the
words " who shall offer for sale," and in lieu
thereof to insert " whose business it is to sell."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to insert the follow-
ing:
12. Land-warrant brokers shall pay for each license £100.
Every person shall be deemed a land-wanant btoker within
the meaning of this act who makes a bushier of bujmg
and bCllmir land warrants, and tinnishing them to settleir.
under contracts that the land procured by means of them
shall be hound for the piices agreed on foi the warrants.
As I am informed, there is a class of persons
who buy land warrants and have them located by
settlers, taking a lien upon the land to an amount
largely in advance of their outlay, and that in that
way they reap great profits. I think that they
ought to pay a license tax.
Mr. DUNN. I move to strike out " one hun-
dred," and insert in lieu thereof " twenty-five."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to insert after the
word c< settler," " or other persons."
The ame nd men t to the amend ment was ag ree d to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particulaily the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ARMY BAKERIES.
Mr. TRAIN moved that the rules be suspended
to take up and put on its passage Senate joint ics-
olution No. 32, directing the removal of the Army
bakeries from the Capitol.
The rules were not suspended, only forty-two
voting in favor thereof.
OFFICERS OF TIIE CUSTOMS, ETC.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. WIGKLIFFE. There is no nigger in it.
[Laughter.]
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of fixing by law the foes of
officers of the customs and agents of the Government, not
to exceed fifty cents for each permit or license gianted un-
der the fifth section of an act to provide for the collection
of duties on imports, and for other purposes, approved July
13, 1851.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is a matter in which
the valley of the Mississippi is deeply interested.
The resolution was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
thirty-five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 25, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Mount Holly, New Jersey, in favor of
such measures as will insure emancipation to
all the people throughout the land; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
the stockholders of the Bank of the State of Mis-
souri, and a memorial of the directors of the Frank-
lin Savings Institution of St. Louis, praying for
the payment of drafts drawn on the War Depart-
ment by Russell, Majors & Waddell, and ac-
cepted by the Secretary of War, known as the
Floyd acceptances; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
RETORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 81)
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the pub-
lic domain, and for other purposes, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (PI. R. No. 125) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, and to provide a bounty to soldiers in lieu
of grants of the public lands, reported it with
amendm ents.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 231) amendatory of an act entitled " An
act to proviclc for the care and preservation of the
works constructed by the United States for bring-
ing the Potomac water into the cities of Washing-
ton and Geoigetown, for the supply of said water
for all governmental purposes, and for the uses
and benefit of the inhabitants of the said cities,"
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 230) to amend an act
entitled " An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 240) to provide for
the public instruction of youth in primary schools
throughout the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, without the limits of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
229) to provide for the administration of the oath
of allegiance to American citizens in foreign coun-
tries, reported it without amendment.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. FOOT. As there seems to be no other busi-
ness of the morning hour, I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution for the transfer of the su-
penntendency of the Capitol building from the
War to the Interior Department. It will be rec-
ollected that this resolution was taken up and
consulted several days since, and the yeas and
nays ordered upon its third reading, when its
further consideration was interrupted by the ex-
piration of the morning hour and the considera-
tion of the special order. I hope it may now be
taken up and considered and disposed ot. I move
that it be now considered.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 50) transferring the supervision of the
Capitol extension and the erection of the new
dome, to the Department of the Interior; the pend-
ing question being on ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated my objections to
this joint resolution the other day, and if £ can
get the ear of the Senate for a moment, as it is a
matter of business and involves the expenditure
of money, 1 wish to state them again. I do not
propose to argue the question further, or to insist
upon my own views being adopted, but simply to
state the question in order that the Senate may
understand it, and then the responsibility willbe
off my shoulders at any rate.
The erection of the Capitol extension has been
under the charge of the War Department; it is
under the charge of the War Department now.
The interior of this part of the Cppitol and of the
other wing, so far as it is occupied, has been fin-
ished, with a very few exceptions, and turned
over to Congress. There are certain places, un-
doubtedly, which require care, where the water
gets in and where some other finishing ought to
be done, and some more blocks put in. We see
several leaks about the Capitol. I have conversed
with General Meigs on the subject, and he states
that all that mending which is necessary to take
care of the building (and it undoubtedly needs
looking after every year) is now perfectly within
the control of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and an appropriation has been made and
placed at the controlof the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings for that purpose. If any larger ap-
propriation is necessary in order to take care of
the Capitol, of course it ought to be made. When
there are, as we know, miles of gutters about the
building, it must get out of order more or less
every year; imperfect places will be found where
there arc leaks, and those ought to be looked after
and kept m lepair every year. The frost also
operates on the work. It should be looked after
just like any other building. It requires an appro-
priation for that purpose, and there should al-
ways be an appropriation for thatpurpose. There
ate certain places where the connection takes
place between the old building and the new, on
both sides, which are imperfect, and something
more should be done. With these exceptions—
and they are all mere matters of repair—all that
is necessary to meet that which is an immediate
purpose may be done and should be done within
the perfect competency of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings at the present time, and if money
enough has not been appropriated it is his busi-
ness to ask for more, and it can be appropriated.
But this proposition involves more than that,
and my friend from Vermont will admit that it
involves more. It involves changing the super-
intendence with a view to have the work go on,
to finish the Capitol building, to finish the dome,
to finish the east front and construct steps where
the brick work is, to put up the pillars, &c., fin-
ish the outside, and put ornamental work on the
building, of which, perhaps, there is no imme-
diate necessity. That will take a large sum of
money. There are several hundred thousand dol-
lars now appropriated which have not been spent,
and it will be necessary to appropriate more in
process of time for the same purpose. General
Meigs decided that, with the exception of these
temporary repairs, it was not advisable to go on
with the building in the present state of the pub-
lic funds. He said, for instance, it would take,
I do not know how much, but several hundred
thousand dollars to put up the pillars and finish
the outside. The answer of my friend is, that
the brick work which we see deteriorates every
year, and so it docs; but the idea of General Meigs
was, that it was better to lose four or five thou-
sand dollars on the brick work than to go on and
finish the Capitol in the present state of the pub-
lic funds—I mean to finish the mere outside work
of the Capitol, which can as well be deferred.
The object and the effect of this change, to take
the superintendence out of the hands of General
Meigs, who has thus far gone on with it, and put
it in the hands of the Secretaiy of the Interior, is
simply to go on with the building, put up the pil-
lars, &c. That, 1 suppose, my friend will admit
to be the design. It is for the Senate to decide
whether, after the building has got to the position
