2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr.CLARK. He comes down from the Arctic.
Mr HOWARD. That does not follow at all;
but there it is. Now, sir, there are in this region
of country, chiefly settled III what we call thecop-
per region, which is the promontory mentioned
in this report, some eighteen thousand inhabit- (
ants, all of them dependent upon this means of ;
communication. The soil itself is not sufficiently 1
fertile to raise the necessary means of subsistence
for them, and they are under the necessity every |
year of supplying themselves from below, espe- ;
cially in the shape of provisions and materials for j
fciieir subsistence. Is it fair, is itentirely right, to j
confine this population in that distant and almost
arctic region, during about one half of the year,
without any other means of getting out of the
conntry except by going through the woods,
traveling on snow-shoes, and to deprive them
even of the benefits and facilities of the United
States mail, except so far as it may be carried by
means of dog trains, and one, two, or three halt-
breed Indians clubbing together for that purpose?
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the Senator is aware
that if it is necessary to establish a post road
there, we can do that without calling it a military
road.
Mr. HOWARD. There is certainly no im-
propriety in calling it a military road. It is a
public highway, and there is a special clause in
the bill reserving to the United States the right of
using it formilitary purposes for all time to come,_
without any charge, without toll, or anything of
that sort. I have looked the bill over with the
utmost care, and I trust the Senate will pass upon
it now, without any reiefetence to any othei com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
of the rules of proceedings, prescribed m cases of impeach-
ment, to lie punted for the use of the members, and I lidon
their tables, on tile first day of the next fessum of the com t;
ami also tli.it copies be famished to the managers of the ;
impeachment in the cusp of West H. Humphreys, and to
the accused and his counsel. ■
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide intei rial
revenue to suppoi t the Government and pay inter-
est on the public debt.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, the
motion cannot be entertained at this time by the
Chair.
Mr. FOSTER. I submit that the bill has not
been taken up as yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate, and all the business that has been trans-
acted since one o'clock has been informal and by
the unanimous consent of the Senate. The Sec-
retary will read the pending amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance to the eighth paragraph of the
sixtieth section, (which will be thesixty-third sec-
tion if the previous amendments be incorporated
into the bill.) That paiagraph is in these words:
8. Rectifiers shall pay $100 for eacll license. Eveiy per-
son who lcciifies, puufies, oi refines^pnituous liquois or
wines by any pioecs^, or mixes distilled ^pmts tvlusky,
brandy, gin, "or wine, with any oilier matenals for sale
under'the name of n iiiskv, rum, hiandy, gin, wine, or any
other name oi names, shall be regaided a rectifier under
this act.
The Committee on Finance propose to amend
by striking out "§100 for each license," and lu-
ting, " twenty-live dollais for each license to
juiiu uniniH. > ""ji - •• -" • -  -
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays |J rectify any quantity of spirituous liquors not ex-
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered*, and being
taken, resulted—y^tis 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS-r-Messrs. Anthony, Browning, 01 aik, Collainet,
Dixon, I'Yf^f'mlen, Foot, Fostei, Giant's llati.m, Ilendei-
koii, Kennedy. Lane of Mot nil, Po.uoo, I'omeioy, ; i
Simmons, Ten J'lyek, VVilley, Wilson oi Me^oun, and !
Wright—'ii- il
NAYS—Messrs Ohandler.Cowan, Davis, Doohttle, Hat- '!
ris, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana. Latham. No-nnrii, !
Powell, yiieuiJcin, Sumner, 'J'tutnbull. Wade. Wilkinson, J
Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—IS. ' il
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was ]
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
APPOINTMENT OF AIDS-DE-CAMP. [j
"Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di- |j
rected by Die Committee on Military Affairs and !i
the Militia to report a bill (S. No. 325) in addi- ]'
tion to the act appioved August 5, 18G1, entitled j:
"An actsupplementary to an aeteniith-d 4 An act i
to increase the present military establishment of !
the United States,' appioved July J29, ltfOi;" and
I am also directed by the committee to ask the :
consent of the Senate to put the bill on its passage i
now. it is a bill simply requiring the aids ap- i
pointed under that act to be sent to the Senate for i
confirmation. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. By order of the j
Senate, the special order of the day, bein<£ the tax
bill, is now before the Senate, and the Senatoi's ;
report can be received and acted upon only by the i
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what it is;
but if it will take no time, I will yield. :
cecding rive hundred barrels or casks, containing |
not mote than forty gallons to each barrel or cask j
of liquor so rectified, and twenty-five doliais addi-
tional for each additional live hundred barrels or
fractional part thereof."
Mr. HOWE. I suggest that it may be well to
amend that amendment by putting m the word j
'•such" before the woid " barrels" where it ol- i
curs the second time, so as to make the barn is of !
the same desci lption as those previously specified, j
The amendment to (he amendment was agreed |
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted. !
The Secretary read the ninth, tenth, eleventh, i
and twelfth paragraphs of the section to which no |
amendment was proposed, as follows: j
9 r$iown= shall pav fifty dollars lot each licence. Every ,
peison w i i' > ma mi lactates in men ted liquors of any name ;
o! description, in) <ale, horn malt, wholly or in pait, shall j
he deemed a btewei undei this act: Prondcd, That any j
pet*ou who nvmnLicmre- )e >s than five hundred baitcHpei :
jear shall pay the Mim ot twenty five dolhtif tor a license .
iO. Hotels, mn":, ami tavern* thall be clarified and rated ;
accoidtng to the >eaily rental, or, if not n-nted. aeeoidin? |
to the estimated vauly tcntal ol the hou=e aim propeuym- ,
tended to bj occupied for said purpose-, as foil av;, to wit 1
All carets wheie the lent oi the valuation o: the jeaily 1
lental ol said hous-e and piopeity sh<Ui he .5?]0,000 orinoie ;
shall constitute the fns-t Ll<^s,aml -hall pa} s-2u0 lor each 1
licence ; where the 1 en tor the valuation ot Uie y eatly rental ;
shall be P5,000 and 1-^s tha ) .sl0,000, the second elas>, and ;
t-hali payV?iOU loi each lie n e; whei e the tent or the val- I
nation of the } .-atiy r< utal shall be ,>2.o'JU and lesh than j
the third cias^.and shall pa> S7.> for each license : j
where the lent 01 the valuation of the veatly rental ^hall 1
he £l,00U and b'-s than .^2,00 J, the tomth cla<^, and <=hall ;
payV.>>J lot eaen licence ; where the lent or the valuation i
ot the yearly lental i-hall be «-$jU0 a.id le-s than -j 1,000, the j
tilth cia--s, and shall pay,$ioi'ot each licen-.e; wheie ti)>
Mr. W (LSON, of Alassachudetts. If anybody '! icnt or the valuation of the yeaily icntal shall be_.^J00 ai
opposes it, I will not press it. The bill simply / than $000, the si\th eln-^, andall pn\ - 1  
requires that all aids shall l;e sent to the Senate |
forconfiimatjon.
There being 110 objection, the bill was read .
twice by Us title, and considered as in Committee 1
oi the Whole. It directs that ali appointments
of aids-de-camp, as authorized by the act of Au-
gusts, 1861,entitled " An act supplementary to an
act entitled ' An act to increase the present mili-
tary establishment of the United Status, 'approved
July 29, 1861," shall be made by and With the
advice and consent of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KULES OF THK COURT OF IMPEACHMENT.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, and by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Sonate ducct copies
license'; wheie the rent or the valuation <>1 the \ ojuly 1. ntai
s-hali be ^luj and le-s than JU. tne seventh ela^, <, and >i)all
pay .$10 tor ouch licence ; \vhci<: the lent 01 tnc valuation
of the yeail} rental -hall be ie^> than P1U0. tl• «"• cyhtli ela>'-.
and vhall pay $■"> lot each licence. Even [-lace where f.^od 1
and lodging die piovtded lor and furnished to ttaveijrs and
fOjourneiN, in view ot pajmcnt rhctelor, s-hall be n-aaid.'d
as a hotel, nm, or tavern under this act. All -teamors- and
vessels upon the waters of the United States, on board oi
which pius-enaer-? or traveler ate provided with fuod 01
lodging, shall be required to take out a licence ot the filtli
cla-^j as afoie&aid. undei this act. The rental or Cbtimated
rental -hall be fixi d and ostabU^hed by the a^-es,-or 0:' the
pjnpcr distuct at it^ proper valu", but at not les< than the
actual lent anteedon by the paities- P10iuhiK Tnat if
tiieie be an} Irani! ot coiiu-ion m the letumot aetual rent
to the asve---or. t'Kie firUi be a penalty equal to double the
amount ofhe< leqtmed by ihis section, to be collect; d
a-s other penalties undei this act aie collected.
1J Eating houses -halj pay ten dolIai> lot each license.
Evoiv place' wliere t<>od or lefre^iimonts ot any kind ei<:
piovided foi casual visitor and sold 101-consumption theiem
shall be leiraided as an eating house under ihw act. But
the keeper of any catinsr hoti'Ce having taken out a license
theiefor, shall not be required to take out a licence a« a con-
fectioner, anything m this act to the contraiy notwith-
btaiuimg
12. Biokers fhall pay fifty dollars for each license. Any
pe^on whose business to purchase or tell stocks,coined
money, bank note*, or other secuntics for themselves or
othets, 01 who deals in exchange1-* ieiating to nionej, shall
be icgaided as a btoker under this act.
The Secretary read the thirteenth paragiaph, aa
follows:
:: 13, Commercial biokers shall pay fifty dollais for each
\\ licence. Any peison 01 firm, except one holdup a license
ii a< wholesale dealer or banker, whose bu^ness it i>, as the
'j agent ot others, to purchase or sell goods or seek otdeis
! theiefoi, in ouginal or unbtoken packages, or ptoduce or
1 to manage bi^ine^ matters for the owners of vevsel>, or for
I the shippers c>r con-stgnois of ti eight carried by vessels,
I who^e business it h> to ptoduce, rent, or sell real estate for
j! otlvis, shall be regarded a commeicia! bioker tinder this
II act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a misprint there.
The word " produce" ought to be '-purchase;"
so as to read, " whose business it is to purchase,
rent, or sell real estate," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That alteration will
be made without a vote.
The Secretary read the fourteenth and fifteenth
paia^raphs, to which no amendment was pro-
poxed:
1!. Land-vvatiant brokers shall pay twenty-five dollars
for each license. Any pei on shall be regatded as a iand-
wanant bioker within the meaning of this act who makes
a bustne-s of buying and selltng land wanant^, and of tur-
mslunu them to settlors 01 other pot&onss under contiuct> to
have lietts upon the land ptoctired by means ol then) ac-
eoidmg to the value agteed 011 for the watrauts at the time
thej ate fuini-hed.
15. Tobacconi-ts shall pay ten dollars for each license.
An\ per>on whose business it is to j eil,at ictaii, cisats,
snult.01 tobacco in any torm.shall be regtuded a tobacco-
nist under this act. But wholesale and retail dealer, and
keepers of hotels, inns, taveins, having taken out license
theiefoi. shall not beiequued to take out a license as to-
bacconists, anything m this act to the contrary ^with-
standing.
The sixteenth paragraph was next read, as fol-
lows:
16. Theaters shall pay $100 for each licence. Everyplace
or edthce, not including halls or room* tented or used oc-
casionally n>r conceits 01 exhibitions, wheie dramatic or
opeiatic 1 eptcremations*, pla\s. 01 perfoirn.inces ateexhib-
ited, shall be tegatded a-s a theater under tins act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommittecpro-
pose to amend this pau^iaph by wtnicm^ out the
words " every place ot edifice, nnt mcfudtn^ halls
or rooms rentod or used occasionally tor concerts
or exhibitions, where dramatic or operatic repre-
sentations, piays, or perfoi manccs aie exhibited,
shall be regarded as a theater under this act," and
inserting in lieu of them, 44 every place or edifice
elected for the purpose ot dramatic or operatic iep-
resentations, plays, or perfoimances, and not m-
ludmg halls or 100ms rented or used occasionally
for conceit or theatncal representations, shall be
regarded as a theater under this act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are some words
there that have the same signification, i move to
strike out t;he words " place or" before " edifice,"
arid the words " or room" between 4t halls" and
" vented."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the seventeenth paragraph,
to which no amendment was proposed, as follows:
17. CuousesMiail pay fifty dollars lot eacnlicense E\eiy
bniUhnff, tent, space, 01 aiea, where feat= o- hoir-cnian-lnp
or acrobatic i-ports aie exhibited, s-hall be reyaided a> a circus
under thi- act.
The eighteenth paragiaph was read, as follows:
IS. J'ig"U'is .-ball pay lot each liecis-e twenty doliais
Evctv pu-on who p-tloims b>. or hand or leats <<f
pie it dictation -hall be i cir.uded a- a puruder ui.der Uus act.
Tlr.' ptopi jt-fo11 or agents "of all othet public o\luh!Uon< or
show's loi inonev. not emendated in thi> section, <l«all pay
tor eacii hcen-e ten uoilais.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theeommittee pro-
po^e to suike o\\* the words " or feats of pnsti-
digitaUOi]," and at the end of the clause to inset t:
1'toi id ah That but one license shall be icq ined of aiiv
ctteu^ ut juqaicr to auiliouze cxhtbiiioui b\ fhem within
anj one >tare.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tin- Secretary read the nineteenth and twentieth
paragraphs, to which no amendment was pro-
posed, as follows:
1') Boiling alleyi- ^liall pav according t° the number of
; alley-, bclonsm^toor iwd m the building 01 plae^ to he
i licenced. When not c.xeeedmy: one alley, tive dollats lot
: each lnunse ; and when exceeding one all live dohai^
i foi each additional ali-y. Eveiv place or huikhivi waeie
! bowls are thrown, and open to the public with or without
I prtce. cha.ll be regarded a bowling alley unuer thi^ act.
I V
