1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
134$
of March of thnt year, §400,000; May 24, 1860,
§3,700 for some specific purpose, and in addition
to that on June 25, $552,421 74; March 2, 1861,
$250,000; making an aggregate of appropria-
tions already made for the Capitol extension of
$6,281,124 74, of whiph there are retraining now
unexpended something: over $>300,000.
Mr.COLLAMER. Docs thatinciude the dome?
Mr. FOOT. That does not include the dome.
Adding §1,000,000 to this amount, it makes
$7,281,324 74 ay the cost for the entire completion
of tin* building. That, let me remark here, is
entirely exclusive of the dome and exclusive of
the extension and improvements of the public
grounds around the building. The estimate of the
War Department, as I said, was #5,510,000, which
was an under estimate of at least ,$1,771,000, and
is over and above the original estimate of the in-
terior Department more than four and a half mil-
lions of dollars. Aside from all this there have
been appropriated $700,000 for the new dome,
about six hundred thousand of which have been
expended, leaving one hundred thousand yet un-
expended, and which is sufficient for Us comple-
tion. It ought now to be finished. The dome is
suffering as the whole building is sutlermg in Us
present condition. As a matter of economy, it
ought to be finished. The iron for it has been cast
and paid for, and much of it is lying upon the
ground about the Capitol, rusting, corroding, and
consequently deteriorating in strength and vaine.
The derrick and machinery for lifting the u on and
placing it upon the dome have been erected at a
large expense, an expense of some thirty thou-
sand dollais, as I am told. These are made mostly
of wood woik, and, exposed as they ate to the
influences of the weather, are decaying in conse-
quence of this exposure, and in one, or two, or
three years would become unsafe and unfit for use;
and now derricks and machinery would have to
be made, if the work should hereafter be resumed,
at an expense of at least one third of what it
would now cost to complete the dome.
Sn, every consideration of economy, every con-
sideration of piotection to this building, every
con side i alio n of expediency requires that it should
be completed, and that it should be done now.
To let these woiks lemam m their present con-
dition is, in my judgment, to say the least of it,
the most inexcusable, needless, and extravagant
waste and destitution of propeity. Sir, why
shall we allow tins great and expensive work to
remain untouched in its present condition ? "Why
shall we suffer it to go to ruin as it is fast doing
in many portions of the inteiior of the building'
"Why not finish it up, at any rate so far as to pro-
tect and prest rve what has cost this Government
alteady by far too much? Why not do it now?
"What is the argument against it? What reason
is axsjgnrd for postponing it, and, peihnps, for
years to come? It has been said in answer that
while the Government is so deeply m debt, and
borrowing money to eairy on the war, it ought
not to he expending money upon woiks of this
kind. Sir, this js no answer at all against the
expenditute of a compaiatively small amount, <i
few thousands,oreven a few hundredof thousands
of dollais, when it is necessary to do it in order
to complete a structute which has cost you six or
seven millions of dollars, and with a view to pre-
vent it from going to rum. Besides, if this work
is not to be resumed until the country is out of
the war, and out of the war debt, it will not be
resumed fur twenty years to come. If it is not
to be lesumed now, because, and by reason of the
countiy being deeply in debt, the same reason
will apply with equal pei Uneney, and with equal
fotcc, ten yedtb hence as it does this morning.
No, sn; our true economy is to go on, and «'om-
plete this woik, so far forth, at least, as may be
necessary for its protection and preservation; and
we are as well able to do it at this time as we shall
be ten years hence, and as we can do it now at
less than one half the cost of it.
Wow, I ask the Senator from Maine, does he
propose to allow this building to remain In its
present situation for ten years to come ? If so, I
have only to say that at that time it will hardly
be worth finishing or haidly worth repairing. At
all events, it will cost more ten years hence to re-
pair the damage to the building than it will cost
now to finish the work.
It has been said also that this building has been
fully completed for all purposes of use and occu-
pation, and that nothing now remains to be done
except the ornamental parts of the building; and
the question has been asked, will you expend
money upon mere works of art and ornament
while the Government is obliged to borrow money
to pay the poor soldier who is fighting the battles
of the country? I emphatically answer, no! but
the question itself is a disingenuous one, and car-
ries with it a false assumption.
Sir, it is not proposed to expend money—not
a dollar—upon mere works of art and ornament.
We have had quite too much of gaudy decoration
upon this building already. It is proposed to ex-
pend money now only for the purpose of saving
money. It is proposed to expend money now only
for the puipose of saving, of protecting, of pre-
serving what has cost you more than six millions
of dollars. The objection implied by this inquiry,
let me say, comes with an ill grace, and, I fear,
not with entire sincerity, when at this very time
the Governments employingan artist upon adcc-
orative painting on the wall at the head of one of
the stairways m the southern wing at a cost of
$25,000, by contract, as I am informed, to be fol-
lowed by three others, of like character, and each
of them at the same cost; and while the Govern-
ment—as has been already remarked by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire—is employing artists
upon ornamental fresco painting upon the walis
of thedaik passageways below us, where it can-
not be seen, even in the day time, except by gas
light. While this sortofexpendituie is going on
I have little patience with being told by anybody
that we arc asking for an expenditure of money
upon woiks of ornament, when we are asking
only for an expenditure of money for the preser-
vation of this costly building. It is somebody else
that is expending money for mere works of art
and ornament. Sir, let this kind of expenditure,
let these works of art and decoration be stopped,
and let the money be appropnated to the more
substantial and necessary woik of the budding—
for its covering, its piotection, and pi enervation.
Thts> ts the dictate of common prudence and of
common sense, as well as of strict economy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it is now the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Air. FOOT. I will be obliged to my friend from
Massachusetts if he will allow me a very short
time, for I desire to conclude what I may have to
say on this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. FOOT. 1 will jemaik heie in passing,
Mr. Piesident, that the work upon the Treasury
building has not been suspended on account of
the war, but is being earned on now. Why may
not the work on this budding be carried on as
well5 That work has never been placed under a
military supenntnuleney, but is carried on under
the direction of the Government architect, Mr.
Young; and 1 undertake to say here, that that
build ii'g, in point of convenience, in point of taste,
m point of architectural beauty and elegance, and
j also in point of cost, will comparc most favorably
with this one. I will say, too, that the necessity
for eatrymg on the work on the national Capitol
is *is uigunt and moie so than upon the Treasury
building. Upon this, however, I have nothing
more to say.
1 will say here, Mr. President, that I havegood
reason to believe that the Secretary of War would
be quite pleased to be relieved from the charge
and responsibility of this work. I ha\e no icason
to doubt that General Meigs himself would not
be unwilling to be relieved from it. Both of these
gentlemen have other duties enough to engage all
their time and attention; duties whieh diieetlyand
more appropi lately pertain to their official posi-
tions. Besides, they will still be left in charge of
the Washington aqueduct and of the General Post
Office building, works which involve an expendi-
ture of eight or ten millions of dollars.
Mr. HALE. And the Treasury.
Mr. FOOT. The Treasury is'not under the
War Department.
Why, then, shall we insist upon keeping this
building under the charge of the War Department,
where it never properly belonged, and where it
can receive no attention whatever? Certainly I
cannot possibly conceive why, unless it be to sub-
serve some purpose of personal ambition at the
sacrifice of the public interest. But I will impute
so unworthy a motive to no man. Let the pro-
posed transfer be made^ let this work be resumed;
let it be carried on so far, at any rate, as to pro-
tect this building from the injurious effects of its
present exposed condition; let so much be done,
and this costly edifice wili be saved from the daily,
injuries it is sustaining from its exposed condition,
and which it will continue to sustain so long as it
is left in the state in which it now is; and thou-,
sandsand many times tens of thousands of dollars
will be saved by it.
1 repeat, if this work is ever to be done, it can-
not be done too quickly. If it is ever to be done,
it ought to be done now; it has been neglected
already quite too long. Mr. President, this na-
tional Capitol of ours, in its present condition,
instead of being the boast and the pride of the
country,instead of being an ornamentand a credit
to the country, stands to-day, after twelve years,
an unfinished and an unsightly pile; at once a testi-
mony and a confession, a humiliating confession,
to the country and to the world, of a national
weakness and imbecility, of a national impover-
ishment and bankruptcy, which, for the credit ef
my country, I nm not ready to admit, and which,
for the honor of my country, I am not willing to
acknowledge. Sir, we are strong enough yet,
thank God, to put down this rebellion and to put
up this our Capitol at the same time. And when
the rebellion shall have been suppressed—as sup-
pressed it soon wili be; when this war shall have
been terminated—as terminated it soon will be;
and when this Union of ours shall have been re-
stored—as restored it soon will be;'it will furnish
a fitting and appropriate occasion to celebrate that
welcome event by crowning the American Capitol
with the statue of the Goddess of Freedom.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have but one word to
say. I can have very little hope of defeating this
proposition in the very face of the eloquence of
my fiiend from Vermont and my friend from New
Hampshire, although the eloquence of the latter
Seuatoi was lather of a peculiar character. It
was the old story about military superintendence
and all that. That I do not care anything about
at all. I take no interest in it. I never felt, and
do not now feci, alarmed at these encroachments
of the Army in being put m charge of a few build-
ings. I thought that was very good occupation
for them if they had nothing else to do. I shall
not attempt to answer any part of the argument
made with reference to that. I rose, in the first
place, simply to say, that if the Senate is disposed,
in the present condition of the country, to spend
$1,500,000 in finishing this Capitol, with all the
difficulty that we have to raise money for our
immediate necessities; if they are disposed to do
that, and to take it out of the tax we are levying
upon everybody's production, so be it; I shall
have done my duty in voting against it.
Now, sir, 1 do not want to be misrepresented.
1 stated in tlie beginning that I was perfectly ready
to make any appiopnation that might be neces-
sai y to piotectthc building, no matter what it is,
to prevent this effect of the weather upon it; and
a very small sum of money comparatively could
accomplish that purpose. Certainly forty or fifty
thousand dollars would be ample; I believe$20,000
would. But the question is—and that is involved
in this proposition, and I do not want the Senate
to lose sight of it; my friend from Vermont admits
it—-whether we shall go on and spend the remain-
ing $1,500,000 which are requisite to complete the
building, to put up the pillars, &c., at the present
time? If the Senate are disposed to do it, in the
face of what they know with reference to the
finances of the country, so be it. I will vote with
pleasure for an appropriation to protect the build-
ing to any amount that may be necessary, if the
committee will confine itself to that; but 1 am not
willing to give my assent at the present time to
complete all the outside, to put up these elegant
pillars, when we have so much difficulty in meet-
ing our claims fiom day to day, and when our
soldiers to-day are notpaidand many of them can-
not get any money. I think it would not look
well. I think we can afford to sit in a building
the outside of which is a little rough; and in my
judgment, it is no imputation on the Congress of
the United States, in the present crisis, that it
chooses to dispense for a little while with outside
ornament, and look out for the absolute necessi-
ties of the day for a year or two longer, more or
less. That is my opinion, sir; and having ex-
pressed that opinion, h is all I have to say.
