1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32-7
in the budget. It certainly presents a very tempt-
ing field of inquiry, at this particular time, when
international courtesy between us and Groat Brit-
ain has risen to such a height, X may say, of sub-
limity even, that we can afford to offer a safe con-
duct to troops across our territory for the purpose
of embroidering our northern frontier with hostile
bayonets. It would naturally lead to a consid-
eration of the great world's fair in London, the
small world's fair in Pans, and the smaller world's
fair of New York. But however tempting this
field may be, I do not propose to indulge myself
in the pleasure of entering into it. 1 shall confine
myself to the discussion of my own amendment,
assuming that we have made up our minds to ac-
cept the invitation to the entertainmentacross the
waters, and that this is merely a question of outfit.
I suppose if we appropriate this sum of money,
or any other, it will be for the purpose of confer-
ring an advantage upon the artists, inventors,
mechanics, and artisans of the country who have
objects worthy to be exhibited, but whose private
means arc not sufficient to enable them to pay the
expense of transporting them to England. If we
make this appropriation, therefore, it seems to mc
that it should be made in such terms as will to
the laigest extent inure to their benefit.
"When the proposition to make this appropriation
was first submit ted, it was proposed to appropriate
$50,000. On inquiring into the items which were
to make up that sum, it appeared that six gentlemen
were to receive a salary of $2,500 each, making
§15,000, and six other gentlemen were to receive
$1,500 each, making $9,000; in all $24,000 for the
salaries of twelve gentlemen to repiescnt us in the
great exhibition abroad. Tiiis looked a good deal
like* FalstatT's tavern bill, a very small amount of
bread to an intolerable deal of sack. The amend-
ment which I have offered proposes to appropriate
$10,000 for salaries—one commissioner at $2,500,
two additional commissioners at $4,500, and clerks
and other assistants S3,000; and some gentlemen
may suppose that even tins is a pretty large sum
in comparison with the whole amount to be ap-
propriated. The amendment also appiopriatcs
$10,000, or as much thereof as may be necessary,
for payment of fi eight, &c., and $15,000 for hand-
ling the goods and putting them m a condition to
be exhibited after they arrive in England. That
is the character of the amendment. It simply
limits the amount that is to be paid in salaries.
It js said that these gentlemen, who have been
appointed commissioners aie very worthy gentle-
men, and that surely we can trust this money in
their hands, to be expended untlci their judgment.
1 would not say anything if I could, and certainly
1 could not with justice if I would, to the dispar-
agement of these gentlemen; but so far as I have
observed mankind, I have rarely seen a person
yet who did not think money a little safer in his
own hands, than in those of anybody else; nor did
I ever see one who was not of the opinion that
things went on a little better when he was on hand
than" in his absence. I have no reason to suppose
that these distinguished gentlemen are any excep-
tion to the general rule. I think, therefore, as we
are charged with the responsibility of making this [
appropriation, we had better exercise a little dis- ,
crimination ourselves and designate the amount '
that we arc willing shall go to the commissioners !
for their salary and expenses, and the amount that i
is to be appropnated to those persons who it is i
presumed are to be ultimately benefited by the j
appropriation. j
i do not propose to consume the time of the 1
House in arguing this proposition. The mere |
statement of the case is a sufficient aigumcnt. !
Every gentleman upon that statement is capable i
of making up his mind one way or the other. ,
"When we have pressing upon us questions of !
finance, revenue, and currency, which ought to J
be promptly taken up and considered, and when
we have consumed as much time as we have on J
the important question of abolishing the franking j
privilege, to say nothing of some others, 1 do not
think it proper to occupy the time of the House
with any argument upon a proposition so easily to
be understood.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Chairman, every thinking
man naturally surveys the field of politics ftoai his
own peculiar stand-point, and reaches his conclu-
sions by the help of his own methods of thought.
Considerable diversities of judgmentare therefore
inevitable, even among the disciples of the same
faith, while uniformity of opinion, however desir-
able in matters essential, is of far less consequence
than perfect freedom of thought. The discovery
and practical acceptance of the Truth should be our
grand aim; and all harmony among men, secured
by the sacrifice of this aim, is at once the sure
prophecy and natural parent of discord. Since
free thought and its free utterance must be the
condition precedent of all progress, it may be safe
to affirm that he is a better soldier in the army of
reform who conscientiously battles even for false
principles, than he who meanly accommodates
himself to that which has numbers on its side,
through a cowardly fear of dissent and division,
1 propose, sir, somewhat in the spirit of these
observations, to speak of-the war in which our
country is involved. In the name of a constitu-
ency of freemen, I shall say what 1 believe ought
to be said m the present stage of our national
troubles; and I shall do so without favor or fear.
This is a war of ideas, not less than of armies,
and no servant of the Republic should march with
muffled drums against the foe. So far as my own
personal or political fortunes are concerned, I
shall take no thought for the morrow. This is
no time for any public, man to confer with flesh
and blood. The fabric of free Government, reared
by our fathers, is in flames. In the opinion of
many, the great Modei Republic of the world is
in the throes and spasms of death. This is one
of the grand judgment days of history, and who-
ever believes in the government of the woild by
a Providence will mterpict this tremendous con-
flict as the voice of Jehovah, calling the nation to
account for its sms, and teaching us, through the
terrible lesson of civil war, that " the unjust thing
shall not prosper." Sir, in a crisis so transcend-
ently appalling as the present, so grandly solemn-
ized by tokens of national retribution, the deepest
moral convictions of every man should find a
voice, and nothing should be more coveted than
perfectself-renunciation and singleness of purpose
in the endeavor to save the life of the Government
and the libcity of the people.
Mr Chairman, the cause of this gigantic con-
spiracy against the Constitution and laws is the
topic which meets us at the very threshold of fjny
intelligent thought or action on our part. What
produced this infernal attempt upon the nation's
life? What is it that has called into deadly con-
flict from the walks of peace more thun a million
of men, biethren and kindred, and the joint, heirs
of a common homage of libcity 5 What power is it
that has mn through the uuthe gamut ot ordinary
villainies, and at last turned national assassin.''
Those questions demand an answer. Shall we
postpone it, as some of our loyal men advise us,
till peace shall be restored and the Union rees-
tablished ? Sir, this would be to affront common
sense, and surrender our mightiest weapons to
the rebels. The solemn issue of national life or
death must be disposed of upon its merits, and we
should bring ourselves face to face with it, and
with every question faiily connecting itself with
the great controversy. If we expect the favor ot
God, we must lay hold of the conscience of our
quarrel, instead of keeping it out of sight. The
revolutionary struggle of our fathers was preceded
by the most exhaustive discussion ot the causes
which produced it, and which " a decent respect
for the opinions of mankind" required them kt to
declare." They based their justification before
the world upon great primal truths, which they
declared to be self-evident, end they appealed to
the Suptemc Judge of the world tor the rectitude
of their intentions. Thus only could they have
conquered. There was no vital question which
they sought to ignore or postpone. So should it
be with us to-day. Stern work has to be done,
and our appeal must be to the enlightened judg-
ment and roused moral sense of the people. The
cause and the. cure of our troubles aie inseparably
connccted. This rebellion is nota stupendousac-
cidcnt. It is not an eccentric growth, disowning
the oidinaiy law of cause and effect; and we must
not<f cut the thread of history Irom behind it,"
either to accommodate traitors or timid loyal men.
it lias not. hnrst into life without any known par-
entage, but is the legitimate child ot the; foul ances-
try from which it has sprung. Ithasa discover-
able genesis, and the time has come to exploic it.
I It is argued, in very respectable quartcis, that
j the slavery question has nothing to do with our
1 present troubles'. This rebellion, we are told, is
the crowning fruit of the heresy of State Rights,
as expounded by some of the leading statesmen
of our country, and the issue involved, therefore,
is simply the old one between the Federal and
Democratic parties. Sir, I hop? we shall not bfe
misled by this fallacy. 1 trust our detestation of
this rebellion, and of the dogma on which it as-
sumes to be based, will not drive us'into a false
position. I think there arc such things-as State
rights, notwithstanding the efforts of rebels to
make them a cloak for treason. I believe there is
such a principle as State sovereignty, recognized,
while limited, by the Federal Constitution itself.
On this question 1 subscribe, in the main, to the
teachings of James Madison, and with him I de-
cline the consequences which slaveholding nulli-
fies have sought to dcduce from his constitutional
opinions. And, heartily as I condemn and de-
nounce the dogma of secession, I believe it to be
no more pernicious than that other heresy which
has steadily aimed to swallow up the States, and
all the departments of the Government, in the
vortex of one centralized Federal power. Sir, no
warnings of inspired or uninspired man were ever
more completely justified by time than the warn-
ings of Thomas Jefferson against Federal usurp-
ation; and the principles declared in the case of
Dred Scott, if practically recognized and accepted,
would as perfectly accomplish the overthrow of
the Government of our fathers as it would be
possible to do by the most extravagant theory of
the right of individual States to secede from the
Union.
It was not jealousy of the Federal power that
prompted the cotton States to secede, but their in-
ability longer to rule the national Government in
the interest of slavery. It was not jealousy of the
aggressions of the State governments that gave
birth to the Dred Scott decision, but the influence
of that same slave power, sitting like a throned
monarch on the supreme bench, m perverting the
powers of the Government. Whether the Con-
stitution has been made to dip towards centraliza-
tion or State Rights, the disturbing element has
uniformly been'slavery. This is the unclean spirit
that ftom the beginning has needed exorcism.
Without it there were not defects enough in the
system of Government which our fathers left us
to endanger its success, or seriously to disturb its
equilibrium. To charge this rebellion upon seces-
sion, and not slavery, is like chaiging the domi-
nation of slavery itself upon the invention of the
cotton-gin. Without the previous existence of
slavery in the southern States cotton would not
have been king. Instead of one all-engrossing
pursuit, there would have been a healthy variety
of enterprises, multiplied objects of interest, all
conducted by educated labor, and stimulated by
remuneration and the influence of competition.
Slavery founded the kingdom of cotton, and se-
emed its present ascendency under the motive
power of fresh lands and new labor-saving ma-
chinery, which it employed as the occasion for
putting forth newlife;anJ slavery is now seeking
to found an empire of rebel sovereignties, in the
name of State rights, which it uses as the conven-
ient but perverted instrument of its purpose.
Mr. Chairman, when I say that this rebellion
has its source and life in slavery, I only repeat
a simple truism. No fact is better understood
throughout the country, both by l<5yal and dis-
loyal men. It is accepted by the people as if it
were an intuition. And the germ of our troubles,
it must be confessed, is in the Constitution itself.
These may seem ungiacious words, and will cer-
tainly win no applause; but it is best to face the
truth, however unwelcome, and, if possible, profit
by its lesson. I think it was Granville Sharpe
who said that "God, in founding the universe,
made it certain that eveiy bargain with the devil
should weaken the man who makes it." Sir, had
our fathers, in the beginning, seen this truth m
the light of the terrible facts which bear witness
to H to-day, this horrid legacy of civil war would'
not have been entailed upon their children. On
this subject I am not without very high authority,
and I prefer to quote it;
" In the Aitieles of Confederation there was no guaran-
tee for the piop^tty ot the slaveholder; no double repie-
bentation oflnui mthe Federal councils; nopowerof taxa-
tion ; no <-,tipu)ation for the recoveir of Jugiuve slnves..
But when the power-! oi government came to be delegated
to the Union, the South—that Is, South Carolina and G''9r-
! i ma—lefused tl)eir&ub*cription to the parchment nil its"™**
M be saturated with the infection of slavery, which no iu -k-
