THfi ; GLOBE.
3269
new duty. Goods in the bonded warehouses for
exportation, as I have already said, m'ay remain,
as under existing law, three years from the date
of their importation. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and' under the operation
thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider 'be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVENUES UPON TTIK NORTHERN FRONTIER.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 550) to further provide for
the collection oAhe revenue upon the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers, and for
other purposes, submitted a report, which was
read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeingvotesof
the two Houses upon the bill of the House No. 5o0, enti-
tled " An act to further provide for the collection oftheiev-
enne upon the noithern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers, and for other purposes," report that after full and
free conference they have agreed to recommend, and they
do recommend, to their respective Houses as lollovvs :
That the Senate recede from their vote disagreeing to the
third and fourth sections of the bill of the House, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from its vote disagreeing to the
amendment of the Senate striking out the fifth section of
the bill of the House, and agree to the same.
That the Iiou.se recede fiom its vote disagreeing to the
amendment of the Senate adding a sccuon to the bill of the
House, and agree to the same. ^ CHANDLER
LOT M. MORRILL,
D. WILMOT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. S. COX,
W. P. SHEFFIELD,
Managa s on the part of the House,
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I demand the previous
question upon agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING THE PENSION BILL.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, asked unanimous eon-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the bill
passed by the two Houses of Congress, entitled "An act
granting pensions," be punted tor the use of the membeis
o(' the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object unless the number is
rcduced to five thousand.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. As it is to go to the
Committee on Printing, I am not particular about
the number.
. The resolution was received, as modified, and
referred to the Committee on Printing, under the
rules.
DIVISION OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. WIIALEY. I ask leave to submit some
remarks upon the division of Virginia into two
States.
No objection was made.
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, the people
of West Virginia, with unpaialleled unanimity,
through their Representatives, ask for the sepa-
ration of their portion of the State from East Vir-
ginia, and the admission of it into the Union as a
separate, independent, and sovereign communi-
ty. If it were a Territory of our national domain,
with her superficies of about twenty-four thousand
square miles, and with her population of nearly
four hundred thousand souls, asking admission
into the Union, there would be no hesitancy. If it
were a mere question of the division of a large
State, you would at once refuse to entertain the
proposition. If there were not urgent public and
Federal reasons therefor, affecting essentially the
peace, happiness, and prosperity of West Vir-
ginia,you should promptly decline to consider the
suggestion ofthe division ofthe " Old Dominion."
If the causes demanding the separation were tran-
sient and evanescent, or such as could be removed
without political convulsion and in a nation'slife-
time, or such as might continue without the great-
est detriment and injustice, if the highest welfare
and safety of the Union could be preserved in the
presentstatusofaffairs, the case would bedifFeient.
For eighty years have the people of West Vir-
ginia suffered from her unnatural connection with
East Virginia. JFor near! y three generations has she
petitioned and sought for th$adoption of aliberal
and jast policy toward her. For almost a century
has she borne the oppression, insult, and con-
tumely of eastern legislation without redress and
without relief. Forty years ago, hoping for no
change in policy from the eastern aristocracy, she
sought the division of the State; some contending
that the Blue Ridge, and others the Alleghany
mountains, should constitute the boundary. The
seaboard and Piedmont districts, instead of modi-
fyinglegislation and rendering it less odious to the
people of West Virginia, sought to make it more
permanently oppressive by detaching the valley
from us, extending internal improvements of all
descriptions into that section, uniting the people
commercially and socially with Richmond, treat-
ing the west as her rival in commerce, her enemy,
and an inferior.
After the metropolitan city of Maryland had
extended a branch of its road to Winchester, the
Virginia Legislature denied further charters. The
breeding of slaves for southern markets served
also to detach the valley from the west and assim-
ilate itto the east. Ofthe forty-fourmillions ofState
debt expended in internal improvementsupto Jan-
uary 1, 1861, only one and a half millions have
been expended in West Virginia. Not only has
Virginia refused to peimit us to improve our coun-
try, but when Baltimore proposed to build rail-
roads through our territory at her own expense,
the Legislature refused a charter.
The antagonism usually finding place between
communities with social organizations so widely
differentas those of Western and Eastern Virginia,
developed to such a degree that John-Randolph of
Iloanolce spoke in the convention of Virginia of
1829 of the valley and Western Virginia as parts
ofthe State " which I must call alien to us, and
forever separated from our interests and feelings,
torn by factions, marked by lines which divide
her into two different people—distinct in feeling,
distinct in possessions, different and antagonizing
interests." Mr. Baldwin, of Augusta, predicted
that "ifslave representation should be forced upon
them, the final result will be the separation of the
State." So oppressive had the legislation become,
with no hope of relief m the ordinary way, that
Mr. Goode, m the convention of Virginia in 1851,
proposed that the House of Delegatesand theSen-
ate should each be divided into two chambers, one
composed of those east, and the other of the mem-
bers west ofthe Blue Ridge, and requiting votes
by chambers, and a majority of each chamber ne-
cessary to appropriate or raise money by taxes,
loans,orotlierwise. Mr.Wise said, "we [theeast]
had kept their nose [of the west] to the grindstone
for the last seventy-five years in agony."
In 18G0, there were 490,887 slaves, of whom
only 12,771 were west of the Alleghanius. By the
monstrous system of taxation, so unjust to the
west, no slave, though worth $1,800 in the mar-
ket, can be valued over $300 for taxation; and no
slave under twelve years can be taxed, though
worth seven or eight hundred dollars. Thus,
$200,000,000 of slave property owned in the east,
its chief property, has never been taxed at all,
while legislation has mainly been for this property
and its interests; and while every species of in-
come and property in the west has been fully
taxed, even to the earnings of the humble toiler
for daily bread barely sufficient for family support.
Licenses must be paid for at enormous prices for
every branch of business, except the breeding,
working, and soiling of negroes, giving monopoly
to the slave interest of the east, and crushing the
free labor of the west. In addition to the recording
fee, the poor man, buying his piece of wild land to
clear him a home, must pay his one dollar tax to
the State before his deed can be recorded. So with
ail forms of legal process, whether relating to the
living oi jlie dead.
For eighty years, as at the present, the east has
denominated the western lands " waste and unap-
propriated," and has sold them and granted pat-
ents of any portions to all who will pay, until the
whole country has been affected—two, three, or
more, frequently paying taxes on the same land at
the same time, thus increasing the revenue from
the west, keeping titles unsettled, defrauding and
impoverishing the people; the Legislature repeat-
edly exonerating lands in the ea.,t justly assessed,
and by the same act enforcing the payment of a
like tax against western lands by ordering sale.
There has been one statute of limitation for lands
east, and another for lands west of the Alleghanies
One of the greatest injuries sustained by out
western people has been an organized opposition
to a system of free schools and popular education,
by which the bright but untutored minds of our
mountain ranges and humbler classes have not
been developed, while colleges and seminaries for
the rich have been fostered by eastern legislation.
To keep the people in ignorance is a part of the
policy of their masters, the forty thousand slave^
owners of East Virginia. Since 1776, Virginia
has had thirty-three Governors, of whom West
Virginia has had five, and twenty-four United
States Senators, of which West Virginiahas had
but three.
But the greatest wrong and insult which has de-
graded us politically and socially is what is called
the " mixed basis of representation." In the west
portion of the State there exists a large majority
of white population, and in the other portion the
slave property interest, and giving rise to diversity
of sentiment. The east insists upon protection
of property by apportionment of representation;
that the majority of the people should not rule,
but the majority of interests; that the great wealth
ofthe State is in slaves, and that the forty thousand
slaveholders of the east should rule; that while
eisht hundred and ninety-eight thousand people
have, say fifty representatives, $495,000 of taxes
mustalso have fifty representatives; thatslavery,
and not free white men, is the element of political
power; that more than one hundred and twenty-
five thousand citizens of the west are properly
denied representation in the councils of the State;
that, with an immense majority of free white men
in the west, the legislative power is rightly placed
in the hands of the minority, giving them thirty
majority on joint ballot in General Assembly, as
Mr.Scottsaid in Virginia convention," to secure
property [slaves] by not surrendering the legisla-
tive control to a majority of mere numbers." As
Mr. Beale also said, " to protect slavery from
West Virginia."
The west, on the contrary, while valuing prop-
erty, values persons more; declares that accord-
ing to every principle of republican freedom the
whoie majority, and not slaves, should rule; that
a minority of interests should not govern a ma-
jority of people; that one dollar in money should
not be counted equal to two white men; that all
men are by nature free and independent; that all
power is vested in and derivable from the people;
that a majority of the people is the only true basis
of legislative power; that any other basis is a pal-
pable infraction of the great American doctrine.
There is a heartfelt and almost universal earnest-
ness of sentiment on the other side of the Alle-
ghanies, that a majority of the community is the
true source of political powei; that no man or set
of men are entitled to exclusive emoluments or
privileges, and that by the property basis a sec-
tional minority inflicts political degradation on a
large majority of the population; that a denial to
the majority of the people of the right to protect
themselves, each and all alike, is the denial of all
republican principle; that everything should not
pay tribute to the slave power; that the doctrine
of the sovereignty of the people is sanctified by
time, and tested and confirmed by experience,
commended by treasure expended, the bloodshed,
and the sufferings endured in the American Rev-
olution.
The principle of mixed representation, based
partly on property, was imported from South Car-
olina and planted m the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia—and later, also, thatof secession. And do
you now wonder, under such discipline, that when
more than a year ago these oppressors, whose cup
of iniquity was running over, plunged into treason
and rebellion, that the people of the West, loyal
and true, should not only have rallied under the
national flag, but also have rejoiced to escape from
such bondage? Then was reorganized the State
government. Our young men and men of middle
age gathered around the nation's standard, and
rallied, leaving wives and children, aged parents
and property, to the mercy of guerrillas and ban-
dits, and numbering as many, proportionately, m
the loyal army as any portion of the country,
where such sacrifices as ours are (mknown. We
have done our duty faithfully in this ciisis.
