1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to enable me to vote for the resolution:
Provided, That no money heretofore appropriated shall
be expended upon the Capitol until authonzed by Congress,
except so much as is necessary to protect the building from
injuiy by the elements, and to complete the dome.
1 will say a single word m regard to the matter.
I think the building should be transferred from
the charge of the War Department to the Interior
Department, because General Meigs, who has
had charge of the building, is now fully occupied,
and cannot pay any attention to the subject. It
therefore ought to be placed in the charge of some
other officer. But, at the same time, I do not
think that any more money ought to be expended
than simply to preserve the buildings from the
elements, and to complete the dome. The dome
is in so advanced a condition that it would be safe
and wise economy to complete it. In regard to
other parts of the building, especially the outer
portions of the building, they ought to be com-
pleted to preserve the building. I think beyond
that, we ought to waitat least until furtherevents
develop themselves.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. FOOT. I have no objection to the limita-
tion proposed by that proviso
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
for a third reading; and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill in its present
shape is not so much open to the objection J
stated; but as I am opposed to the transfer, I will
vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Hrownin?, Carl tie, Claik, Col-
lanier, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Hale, Hsu Ian,
Harus, Henderson. Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Km<;, Lain:
of Indiana, Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, SauNbury,
Sheiman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumhuii,
Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, WiUon of Missouri, and
Wright—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Fessenden, Grimes, and Lane of Kan-
sas— li.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 244)
to provide for the equitable settlement of the ac-
counts of the officers and crews of the frigate
Congress and other vessels, with amendments, in
which theconcurrence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. HALE. Let that be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Morrill
in the chair.) It will be so referred.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the .Secretary of the Treasury be re-
queued to communicate to the Senate a statement of the
quantity ami value of the different articles of merchandise
imported into the United States from the British Noith
American colonies during the fiscal years ending on the 30th
of June. 1859 and 1S60, und<tr the treaty of reciprocity con-
cluded with Great Butain on the 5th day of June, 1854.
SLAVERY IN TUB DISTRICT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, being the bill (S. No. 108) for the re-
lease of certain persons hold to service or labor in
,thc District of Columbia, is now before the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, upon which
the Senator from Massachusetts is untitled to the
floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, the first Congress under the Constitution of
the United States was summoned to the consid-
eration of questions of transcendant importance,
which excited the profound interest of the nation
and of the statesmen of that age. Hildrcth, m
his History of the United States, tells us that "of
all the questions discussed at this session, none
produced so much excitement as one started to-
wards the close of it, respecting the permanent
seat of the Federal Government." The eastern
States would have been content to retain the seat
of Government in the city of New York, where
the Continental Congress had established it; but
Pennsylvania sought to win it back to Philadel-
phia; and Maryland, Virginia, and the Carolinas
sought to fix it on the banks of the Potomac. The
members of the East, supported by Pennsylvania,
hoping to conciliate the dissatisfied members of
the South, proposed to fix the permanent seat of
Government on the Susquehanna, but the propo-
sition was sternly and violently opposed; and
they were told by even the moderate Madison,
that " if that day's proceedings had been foreseen,
Virginia would never have ratified the Constitu-
tion."
The House bill, locating the capital on the Sus-
quehanna, amended by the Senate so as to fix the
seat of government in a district ten miles square
adjoining Philadelphia, failed through the grow-
ing opposition and manifest dissatisfaction of the
men of the South. Thus the Congress of 1789
was stirred to its piofoundest depths by the ab-
sorbing question whether the national capital
should be located on the banks of the Delaware,
i the Susquehanna, or the Potomac. These con-
flicting claims of sections and of interests defeated
in 1789 all propositions for the location of the seat
of the national capital; but at the next session,
in 1790, a bargain, a compromise, was consum-
mated between the advocates of the assumption of
the State debts, under the lead of Hamilton and
Morris, and a few members of Virginia, by which
the House of Representatives, after taking the
yeas and nays thirteen times, determined, by a
vote of thirty-two to twenty-nine, to locate the
permanent capital of the Republic on the banks
of the Potomac. This victory over the North,
won by the skill and determination of the states-
men of the South, placcd the permanent capital
of the new Republic on soil polluted by the foot-
steps of bondmen. This early victory of the lead-
ers of southern sentiment and opinion has cast its
malign influences over the policy of the national
Government. Here, for two generations, the
statesmen of republican and Christian America
have been surrounded by an atmosphere tainted
by the breath of the slave, and by the blinding and
perverting influences of the social life of slavehold-
mg society.
The Constitution gave Congress the " power
to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soever," over this ceded ten miles square we call
the District of Columbia. Instead of providing
a code of humane, equal, and uniform laws for
the government of the capital of a Christian na-
tion, Congress enacted, in 1801, that the laws of
Maryland and Virginia, as they then stood, should
bo in force on the north and south sides of the Po-
tomac. By this act the inhuman and baibnrous,
the indecent and vulgar colonial slave codes of
Maryland and Virginia became the laws of repub-
lican America for the government of its chosen
capital. By this act of national legislation the
people of Christian America began the first year
of the nineteenth century by accepting, reaffirm-
ing, and reenacting for the government of their
capital, the colonial legislation, cnactcd for the
government of the wild hordes of Africa, which
the colonial and commercial policy of England
forced upon Ataryland and Virginia.
The national Government, by reenacting the
slave codes of the ceding States for the govern-
ment of the ceded territory, accepted as its creed
the wicked dogma that color in the national cap- i
ital is presumptive evidence of slavery. In 1827
the Committee for the District of Columbia, in the
House of Representatives, reported that " in this
District, as in all slaveholdtng States in the Union,
the legal presumption is, that persons of color
going at large without any evidences of their free-
dom are absconding slaves, and prima facie liable
to all the legal provisions applicable to that class
of persons." _ The committee state that, in that
part of the District ceded by Virginia, " a free
negro may be arrested and put in jail for three
months on suspicion of being a fugitive; he is
then to be hiied out to pay his jail fees; and if
he does not prove his freedom within twelve
months he is to be sold as a slave." In the ter-
ritory ceded by Maryland, the committee say that
il if a free man of color should be apprehended as
a runaway, he is subjected to the payment of all
fines and rewards given by law for apprehending
runaways, and upon failure to make such pay-
ment is liable to be sold as a slave." " The legal
presumption" that persons of color are " abscond-
ing slaves;" that, if arrested as runaways, they
are " subjected to the payment of all fines and
rewards given by law for apprehending runa-
ways;" that* failing to pay such "fines and re-
wards," they are " liable to'be sold as slaves,"
are the recognized doctrines in the national cap-
ital of this democratic Republic. For two gen-
erations has Christian America recognized in her
capital the wicked and guilty dogma that color is
legal presumption that man, whom God made,
and for whom Christ died, walking the earth in
the pride of conscious manhood, is an " abscond-
ing slave," to be " apprehended as a runaway,"
" subjected to the paymentof fines and rewards,"
or " to be sold as a slave to pay jail fees."
Clothed, Mr. President, with the authority of
legislation by the national Government, the cor-
poration of Washington, not content with this
monstrous legal presumption that color is evidence
of slavery, enacted on the 31st of May, 1827, that
"Eveiy negio and mulatto found residing in the eity of
Washington, who shall not be able to establish his or her
title to freedom, shall be committed to the jail of the county
of Washington as absconding slaves."
In what age of the world, in what land under
the whole heavens, can you find any enactment
of equal atrocity to this iniquitous and profligate
statute—this "legal presumption" that color is
evidence that man, made in the image of God, is
an " absconding slave r"
This monstrous doctrine, abhorrent to every
manly impulse of the heart, to every Christian
sentiment of the soul, to every deduction of hu-
man reason, which the refined, humane, and Chris-
tian people of America have upheld for two gen-
erations, which the corporation of Washington
enacted into an imperative ordinance, has borne
its legitimate fruits of injustice and inhumanity,
of dishonor and shame. Crimes against man, in
the name of this abhorred doctrine, have been
annually perpetiatcd in this national capital which
should make the people of America hang their
heads in shame before the nations, and in abase-
ment before that Being who keeps watch and ward
over the humblest of the children of men. Men
and women of African descent, no matter in what
.State they were born, no matter what rights and
privileges they possessed under the laws and in-
stitutions of the States from whence they came,
have annually been seized, imprisoned, fined, and
sometimes sold into perpetual servitude.
This doctrine, that color is presumptive evi-
dence of slavery—this ordinance, consigning its
victims to imprisonment, offers a tempting bribe
to the base, the selfish, the unprincipled, to be-
come men-stealers and kidnappers. This bribe
has converted Government officials, justices of
the peace, constables, and police officers into man-
ufacturers of slaves. This bribe has annually
filled your jail with its victims, making it the
workshop where the selfish, the base, the ignoble
have plied their trade in the souls and bodies of
men. Hundreds, ay, thousands of men of Afri-
can descent have been seized, arrested, impiis-
oncd, since the District of Columbia became the
seat of the national capital. In January, 1829,
the United States marshal, in a letter addressed
to the Committee of the House of Representatives
for the District of Columbia, reported that in the
three years from the 1st of January ,1826, to the 1st
of January, 1829, one hundred and seventy-nine
persons in Washington and Georgetown were
arrested and committed to prison as absconding
slaves. Of this number, twenty-six proved them-
selves to be free, and, being fortunate enough to
pay jail fees, were discharged. Six of these per-
sons were sentenced by the jailor, without trial,
and sold as slaves, and the proceeds pocketed by
the marshal of the United States. Mr. Miner, of
Pennsylvania, in a speech in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in 1829, states that" a black man
was taken up in August, 1821, and imprisoned as
a runaway four hundred and five days. In this
time, vermin, disease, and misery had deprived
him of the use of his limbs. Pie was rendered a
cripple for life, and finally discharged, as no one
would buy him." More than one thousand of the
citizens of the District of Columbia, on the 24th
of March, 1828, in a memorial to Congress, de-
clared " that it was not alone from the rapucity of
slave traders that the colored race in this District
were doomed to suffer; that the laws sanction and
