1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Do you tell me that the question involved in this
war is simply one of Government or no Govern-
ment? I admit it; but I say theprmousquestion
is slaverv or freedom*, or rather, it is the same
question'stated in different words. Slavery and
treason in this struggle are identical. It is slavery
which to-day has the Government by the throat,
and thus thrusts upon us the issue of its life or
death. Do you say that the preservation of the
Union must be kept in view as the grand purpose
of the war on our part? I admit it; but I say that
nothing but slavery has brought the Union into
peril. Its whole career, as 1 have shown, has
been a perpetual conspiracy against the Consti-
tution, crowned at last by a deadly stab at its life.
Am I told that this is a war for the life and liberty
of a nation belonging chiefly to the white race,
and not a war for the emancipation of black men?
I frankly agree to it; but I insist that our national
life and liberty can only be saved by giving free-
dom to all, and that all loyal men, therefore, should
favor emancipation. Shall the nation be sacrificed
rather than break the chains of the slave? Shall
we madly attempt to carry on the war as if sla-
very had no existence? Shall we delude our-
selves by mere phrases, and pretend ignorance of
what oa/ery one knows and feols to be veritable
truth ? Shall we prosecute this war on false pre-
tenses? Shall we even shrink from the discussion
of slavery, or talk about it in circumlocutions,
lest we give offense to rebels and their sympa-
thizers?
I know it was not the purpose of this Adminis-
tration at iirst to abolish slavery, but only to save
the Union, and maintain the old order of things.
Neither was it the purpose of our fathers, in the
beginning of the Revolution, to insist on inde-
pendence. Before the first battles were fought,
a reconciliation could have been secured simply
by removing the grievance which led to arms.
But events soon prepared the people to demand
absolute separation. {Similar facts may tell the
story of the present struggle. In its beginning,
neither the Administration nor the people foresaw
its magnitude, nor the extraordinary means it
would employ in prosecuting its designs. The
crisis has assumed new features as the war has pro-
gressed. The policy of emancipation has been
bo mi of the circumstances of the rebellion, which
every hour more and more plead for it. " Time
makes more converts than reason." I believe the
popular demand now is, or soon will be, the total
extirpation of slavery as the righteous purpose of
the war, and the only means of a lasting peace.
"We should not agree, if it were propped, to lestore
slavery to its ancient rights under the Constitu-
tion, and allow it a new cycle of rebellion and
crime.
The rebels have demanded a " reconstruction"
on the basis of slavery; let us give them a " re-
construction" on the basis of freedom. Let us
convert the rebel States into conquered provinces,
remanding them to the status of mere Territories,
and governing them as such in our discretion.
Under no circumstances should weconsentto end
this struggleon terms that would leave us where we
began it. To conclude the war by restoring slavery
to ihe constitutional rights it has forfeited by trea-
son, would be as unreasonable as putting out the
fire and turning loose the incendiary with torch in
hand. It would be like reinstating the devil in
Paradise, to reenaet his rebellion against the Most
High. Sir, let us see to it that out of this war shall
•come a permanent peace to these States. Let us
demand " indemnity for the past, and security for
the future." The mere suppression of the rebel-
lion will be an empty mockery of our sufferings
and sacrifices, if slavery shall be spared to canker
the heart of the nation anew, and repeat its diabol-
ical deeds. No, sir. The old dispensation is past.
It served us as a schoolmaster, to biing us into a
now and higher one, and we are now done with it
forever. We determined, m 18G0, that the dom-
ination of slavery should come to an end. The
Government had Song been drilling into its vortex,
but we resolved, at whatever cost, to rescue it.
Had we been satisfied with the rule of slavery, as
itcxisted prior to the rebellion, we might have had
peace to-day. We might have agreed to the elec-
tion of Breckinridge. We might have avoided war
even after the election of Mr. Lincoln, by calling
^into his Cabinetthe chief rebel conspirators, who
would have been pacified by the spoils, while
serving the behests of slavery. Having chosen a
different course by the election of a man committed
to a specific anti-slavery policy, and having under-
taken to execute that policy against ail opposition,
we are now shut up to the single duty of crushing
the rebellion at all hazards, and blasting, forever,
the power that has called it into life.
Mr. Chairman, our power to destroy slavery
now, I believe, is not questioned. The law of
nations applicable to a state of war takes from this
rebel «powcr every constitutional refuge it could
claim m a time of peace. The principle is thus
declared by the illustrious statesman whose au-
thority I have already quoted respecting another
topic:
" I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that the
militaiy authority takes, for the time, the placc of ail mu-
nicipal institution, slavery among the rest. Under that
state of tilings, so far from its being true that the States
wheio slavery exists have the exclusive management of the
subject, riot only the President of the United States, but the
Commander of the Army, has power toorder the univeisal
emancipation of the slaves."
And again;
"From the instant that your slaveholding States become
the theater of war, civil, servile, or foreign, from that in-
stant the war poweisof Congress extend to interference
with I he institution of slavery, in every way in which it
can be interfered with, from a claim of indemnity for slaves
taken or destioycd,to the cession of a State burdened with
slaveiy to a foreign Power."
This, sir, is the grand weapon which the rebels
have placcd in our hands, and wc should use it
as a matter of clear and unhesitating duty. Not
that the Constitution is so absolutely perfect, or so
entirely sacred, that we can in no event disregard
it. The nation is greater than th.e Constitution,
because it made the Constitution. We had acoun-
try before we had a Constitution, and at all haz-
ards we must save it. The Constitution was made
for the people, not the people for the Constitu-
tion. Cases may arise in which patriotism itself
may demand that we trample under our feet some
of the most vital princi pies of the Constitu tion, and
this has been done already by the present Admin-
istration, under the exigencies of the war.
" Man is more than constitutions; better rot beneath the sod,
Than be true to Chuich aod State, while vvc ate doubly
false to God."
But so far as emancipation is concerned, consti-
tutional difficulties, if any existed, are no longer
in the way,since the Constitution itsclfrecognizes
the war powerofthoGovernment, which the rebels
have compelled us to employ against them. They
have sown the-wmd, now let them reap the whiil-
wind. We have leave to do what the groat body
of the people ha\e hitheito excused themselves
from doing, on the ground of impassable constitu-
tional barriers, and. our failure to act will be as
criminal as the blessings of universal freedom
would be priceless. " Man's liberty is God *s op-
portunity." Not for all the wealth or honors of
the universe should we now withhold our suffrage
from the proposition to "proclaim liberty through-
out all the land, to all the inhabitants thereof."
Never, perhaps, in the history of any nation has
so grand an occasion presented itself for .serving
the interests of humanity and freedom. And our
responsibility, commensurate with our power,
cannot be evaded. As we are freed from all ante-
cedent obligations, we should deal with this re-
morseless oligarchy as if we were now at the be-
ginning of the nation's life, and about to lay the
foundations of empire in these States for ages to
come. Our failure to give freedom to four millions
of slaves would be a crime only to be measured by
that of putting them in chains if they were fiue.
If we could fully grasp this idea, our duty would
become at once plain and imperative. Wc want
not simply the military power to ciush the rebel-
lion , but the statesmanship that shall comprehend
the crisis, and coin this "golden moment" into
jewels of liberty and peace, for the future glory
'of the Republic.
Slavery, as I have already shown, has been the
evil genius of the Government from its birth. It
has frustrated the design of our fathers to form
"a more perfect Union." It has made it impos-
sible to "establish justice," or" to securc domes-
tic tranquillity." It has weakened "the common
defense" by inviting foreign attack. It has op-
posed the " general welfaie" by its merciless aris-
tocracy in human flesh. It has denied us "the
blessings of liberty," and given us its own innu-
merable curses instead. It has laid waste the fair-
est and most fertile half of the Republic, staying
its progress in population, wealth, power, knowl-
edge, civilization, the arts, and religion, thus heap-
ing its burdens upon the whole nation, and costing
us far more than the market value of all the mil-
lions in bonds. It has made the establishment of
free schools and a general system of education
impossible. It has branded labor as dishonorable
ana degrading:. It has filled the ranks of infidelity,
and brought religion itself into scorn, by bribing its
professors to espouse its revolting iniquity. It
has laid its wizard hand upon the mightiest states-
men and most royal intellects of the land, and
harnessed them, like beasts of burden, in its loath-
some service. It has denounced the Declaration
of Independence as apolitical abomination, and
dealt with our fathers as hypocrites, who affirmed
its self-evident truths with a mental reservation,
while appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world
for the rectitude of their intentions. While spread-
ing licentiousness, concubinage, and crime where
it rules, it has lifted up its rebel voice in the name
of the United States, in pleading the cause of des-
potism in every part of the civilized world. And
ja.s the fitting climax of its career of lawlessness,
it has aimed its dagger at the Government that has
fostered and guarded its life, and borne with its
evil deeds for more than seventy years. Sir, this
mighty rebel against all law, human and divine,
is now within our grasp, and we should strangle
it forever. "New occasions teach new duties,"
and we should employ every weapon which the
laws of war place within our reach in scourging
it out of life. Not to do so, I repeat, would be the
most Heaven-daring recreancy to the grand trust
which the circumstances of the hour have com-
mitted to our hands. God forbid that we should
throw away this sublime occasion for serving his
cause on earth, leaving our children to deplore our
failure, as we to-day have to deplore the slighted
opportunities of the past.
Mr. Chairman, I have not referred, directly, to
the question of humanity involved in the policy
of crushing slavery by the war power. That sub-
ject has been considerably discussed before the
country, and I do not propose to enter upon it
here, beyond the incidental bearings of my argu-
ment. I waive none of my humanitarian grounds
of opposition to slavery, but 1 prefer to deal with
the practical issues of the crisis. I am for putting
down slavery as a " military necessity," and as
the dictate of the highest statesmanship. The
immediate question before the country is the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and the common laws
which govern a war between nations apply to the
conduct of a civil war. These laws are thus laid
down by Vattcl:
"Smce the object of a ju^t war is to repress injustice and
violence, and foicibly to compel him who is deaf to the
voice of justice, we have a right to put in practice against
the enemy every measure that is necessary in order to
weaken him, and disable him from icsisting us and sup-
poitinff ins injustice; and we may choose such methodsas
aic most efficacious, and best calculated to attain the endm
mow, provided they be not of an odious kind, nor unjusti-
fiable in themselves,and piolubited by the law of nattuc."
.Sir, I insist upon tho application of this well-
recognized principle of public law. That the over-
throw of slavery " is necessary in order to weaken "
the enemy, " and disable hull from resisting us
and supporting his injustice," will not bo dis-
puted. That it would be a measuie " most effica-
cious and best calculated to attain the end in view,"
is equally clear. Nor would it be "odious" to
restore four millions of slaves to their natural
rights, or " unjustifiable" in itself, or "prohib-
ited by the law of nature." The friends of the
Union need ask nothing more than the just appli-
cation of the law of nations, and they certainly
should be content with nothing less. _
A right to subdue the rebels carries with it a
right to employ the means of doing it, and of doing
it'effectively, and with the least possible cost. If
I siaveiy had not been made a paity question, and
: trained us to yield an unnatural deference to its
assumptions, we should have laid violent hands
upon it at once. Tho thought of tenderly sparing
it would not have occurred to any loyal man. As
the most vulnerable point of the rebels, we should
naturally have aimed at it our first and hardest
blows; and I insist that we shall so far forget our
party prejudices, and the dread of "abolition-
ism," as to do what the dictates of common sense
and a regard for our own safety so clearly de-
mand. Facts, bloody and terrific, are every day
proving that slavery, or the Republic, must perish.
As the animating principle of the rebellion, it
