1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2$U
sell a great many more burses than others in the
course of a year, some a great many more cattle;
and those who sell most ought to be taxed highest,
in my own county, and in my own county town,
on county court days, when the business of the
country was profitable, from two to three thou-
sand mules would be brought into Paris and sold
at public auction, and sometimes as many as three
or four thousand, and from five to fifteen hundred
or two thousand cattle would be brought and sold
at public auction. They were brought by regu-
lar traders, many of them regular dealers in the
article. They undertake it as a business by which
they shalt'make money. They bring their herds
of mules and horses—not so much of horses, but
sometimes of horses—from the State of the gen-
tleman from Ohio; they mostly bring cattle. They
are men who are skilled in the trade. They are
judges of the article. They are accurate, expe-
rienced judges of cattle, of mules, and of horses.
They understand the business. They know how
to buy and how to sell. They understand this
principle in relation to buying and selling, that
to buy low and sell high makes money, and they
frequently practice upon that principle.
Now, is it not right that men whose business
and profession is of such a character as those that
I have referred to, who do it habitually as a mat-
ter of employment and to make money, should be
taxed for this very profession or business? The
question now is not what sources of revenue we
shall select, because we have too much tax to
raise for that to be the pertinent or the main in-
quiry. The question is, what sources of taxation
will yield us most revenue? We shall want all
we can get. As a general rule of justice arid con-
venience, that business and those vocations in life
which will admitof the payment of taxforlicense
or upon transactions with the least amount of in-
convenience to those who have to pay it, is the
mode of tax that ought to be preferred. In other
words, the people who are most able to pay are
the very people upon whom the burden ought to
be imposed.
Now, sir, in relation to these cattle and horse
brokers, in my opinion there are no people more
competent to pay a reasonable tax in the form of
license or some other form than they are, and I
hope that by the time this hill passes from the
Committee of the Whole and is before the Senate,
there will be a proposition graduating the busi-
ness of the different brokers and taxing them at
a scale in proportion to the amount of their busi-
ness and their ability to pay. I believe, myself,
clearly, that the provision ought to be retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ci.auk
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky pro-
poses to amend the section, by inserting the word
" horses," after " cattle;" so as to read, 41 any
person whose business it is to buy and sell and
deal in cattle, horses," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the section as amended,
and oil this question the Senator from Ohio asks
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The section being re-
tained,a verbal alteration is necessary. Itspeaks
of persons whose business it is to deal in " cattle,
hogs, and sheep." That " and" should be i( or."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The Secretary read the twenty-fourth para-
graph, to which no amendment was proposed, as
follows:
24. Tallow chandlers and soap makers shall pay for each
license the sum often dollars. Anvperson who?e business
it is to make or manufacture candies or soap, shall be re- |
garded a tallow chandler and soap maker under tins act. i
The twenty-fifth paragraph was next read, as ;
follows: j
25. Coal oil distillers shall pay for each license the sum ;i
of twenty dollars. Any person who shall refine, produce, jj
or distill crude petroleum or rock oil, or ciude coal oil, or
crude oil, made of asphaltum, shale, peat, or other bitu-
minous substances, shall he regarded a coal oil distiller
under this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this paragraph, by striking
out " twenty," and inserting "fifty;" so as to
make it read," coal oil distillers shall pay for each
license the sum of fifty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
26. Peddlers shall be classified and rated as follows, to
wit: when traveling with more than two horses, the first
class, and shall pay twenty dollars for each licence ; when
traveling with two hurt's?, the t-pcond cld^, and {-hall pay
fifteen dollars for each license; when traveling with one
horse, the thud class, and shall pay ten dollats for «ach li-
cense: when traveling on foot, the fourth class, and shall
pay five dollar-, for each license. Any per?on, except per-
sons peddling newspapers, Bible*, or religious tiacts, who
sells or offers to sell, at retail, goods ware*, orother com-
modities traveling from place to place, in the street, or
through dilTorcnts parts of the country, thall be regarded a
peddler under this act: Provided, That anv peddler who
sells, or offers to sell, dry goods, foreign and domestic, by
one or mote original packages or pieces, at one time, to the
same person or persons as aforesaid, shall pay fifty dollats
for each license. And any person who peddles jewelry
shall pay twenty-five dollars for each license.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this clause by adding to it
the following proviso:
Provided, That manufacturers and producers of agrlcul-
tuial tools ami implements, garden seeds, stoves, :uid hol-
low ware, biooms, wooden ware, and powder, delivering
and selling at wholesale any of said articles, by themselves
or their authoiized agent*, ut placet' other than the place of
manufacture, shall not be required, for any sale thus made,
to take out any additional license therelor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
27. Apothecaries shall pay ton dollar** for each license.
Eveiy person who keeps a sliopoi building where medi-
cines are compounded or prcpaied accoiding to preemp-
tions ofphyhicians,and sold, shall be regarded an apothecary
undei this act. But wholesale and retail dealers, who have
taken out a license therefor, shall not be requiied to take
out a Iicen-e as apothecary, anything m this act to the con-
tiary notwithstanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose no amendment to this item; the next
will be read.
The Secretary read the twenty-eighth para-
graph, as follows:
2*. Manufacturers shall pay ten dollais tor each license.
Any person oi persons, firms, companies, or corporations,
who shall manufacture by hand or machmeiy, and oft'ei for
pale any goocb, ware*, or meichandi^e, exceeding annually
the sum ot $1,000, shall he regarded a manulaeturer under
this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee move that this item be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mended that this clause be stricken out, but I wish
to say that I have since examined the matter, and
1 have come to the conclusion, individually, that
it had better be left in. It makes a very large part
of the revenue to be derived from licenses, because
there are a great many manufacturers all over the
country of different things, and there is another
clause at the end that nobody shall be required to
take out license unless he manufactures to an
amount exceeding $1,000 a year, so that it will
not be oppressive on small manufacturers; and
the reason why we proposed to strike out this
clause, as I understood at the time, was that it
applied equally to large manufacturers, who pro-
duced, perhaps, fabrics to the value of hundreds
of thousands of dollars, and to men who manu-
factuied but a small amount. This is not a large
license tax,and the large manufacturer pays alaige
amount of tax on his production, so that this is
not unequal. T think it had better be retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee to strike
out paragraph twenty-eight.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary re^d the twenty-ninth paragraph,
to which no amendment was proposed,as follows:
29. Photogiaphers shall pay ten dollar* for each license,
when the receipts do not exceed $500; when over .$500
and under $1,000, fifteen dollars; when ovei £1.000, twen-
tv-hvc dollars. Any person or poisons who makeslor sale
photogtaphs, ambtoiypes, daguurreot) pe>-, or pictures on
glass, motnl, or pupei, bj' the action of light, shall be re-
gaidcd a photographer under this act.
The next item was read, as follows:
30 Lawyers shall pay ten dollars for cach license. Every
person whose business it is, lor fee or reward, to piosecute or
defend causes m any court ofrccotd or other judicial tribu-
nal of the United States or of any of the States, or give ad-
vice in relation to causes or matters pending therein, shall
be deemed to he a lawyer within the meaning of this act.
And no lawyer who refuses to pay such license thall be al-
lowed to practice m any such eouit or tribunal
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this item by striking out the
words, " and no lawyer who refuses to pay such :
license shall be allowed to practice in any such
court or tribunal.'1 '
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to inquire from the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance for a little in-
formation in relation to this clause. 1 presume
this is not intended to be an annual license, is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it to be paid by all lawyers
who have already received licenses, or only by
those who are to be hereafter licensed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All are obliged to get a
license under this act.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the honorable
chairman that lie so amend it as to include the
future practice of all lawyers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so now. A pre-
ceding clause of this section provides that all the
classes herein enumerated shall annually procure
a license.
Mr. DAVIS. I had not read that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general pro-
vision applicable to them all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee to strike
out the clause which has been stated.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why should that clause be
stricken out ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state why the com-
mittee proposed to strike it out. It was rather
a matter of taste than anything else. There is
provision as to the mode of collecting all these
license fees or taxes, and theie is the same mode
of collecting the license fee from a lawyer as from
a doctor or photographer, or anybody else; and
why lawyersshould be singled out and prevented
from practicing, when you do not apply the same
provision to doctors, or anybody else, we could
not see. This motion is rather a matter of per-
sonal pride with those of us who belong to the
profession; and besides, nobody could presume
that a lawyer would refuse to pay. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to. •
The Secretary read the remaining papgraphs
of the section, to which no amendment was pro-
posed, as follows:
31. Physicians, surgeons, and dentists shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Every person (except apothecaries)
whose business it is, for fee and reward, to prescribe reme-
dies or peifoim surgical operations for the cure of any bodily
dictate or ailing, shdtl be deemed a physician, surgeon, or
dentist, as the case may be, within tne meaning of this act.
32. Claim agents and agents for procuring patents eJiall
pay ten dollar* for each license. Every person whose busi-
ness it i* to prosecute claims in any of the Executive De-
partments of the Federal Government, or procure patents,
shall be deemed a claim or patent agent, as the case may
he, under this «ict.
The sixty-first section was next read:
Sec- 61. Jhidhcit further cnactcd, That where the annual
gross u-cpipN or sales of any apothecaries, confectioners,
♦•ating-hoii5.es, tobacconist^, or ictail dealers, shall not ex-
ceed the sum of .>51,000. such apoth«cane^, confectioners,
eating-houses, and retail dealers shall not be required to
take out or pay for license, anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding; the amount or estimated amountof
such annual pales to be ascertained  r estimated in such
manner as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall pre-
scribe, and so of all other annual ^ales or receipts, where
the rate ot the license is graduated by the amount ot sales
or receipts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To this section
the committee propose no amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest whether, as
tobacco is considered to be a nuisance in reality,
and we do not want to favor its consumption,
there should be an exception in favor of the to-
bacconist? Ought not that exception to be stricken
out? The committee make no recommendation '
about it, but it is a suggestion of my own that a
tobacconist should, perhaps, pay for a license,
whether he sells one amount or another. I do not
make any motion about it, but suggest the matter
for the consideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment being proposed to this section, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read the sixty-second section,
as follows:
Sec. 62. Jlni he it farther cvacted, That nothing con-
tained in the pieceding section of this act, laying duties on
licenses, f-hall he construed to require a license lor the sale
of" goods, vvaics, and meichandise made and *>old by the
manufacturer at the manufactory or place where the same
is mado, to vine dressers who sell, at the place whore the
same is made, wine ot their own growth, nor to apotheca-
ries, as to wines or spirituous I iquor  which they use in the
preparation or making up ot medicines for sick, lame, or
diseased persona only; nor bhall the provisions of para-
graph No. 27 extend to physicians who keep on hand med-
icines solely for the purpose of making up their «wn pre-
scriptions for their own patients.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
