1§62.;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3271
inations which ought to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is again-
suggested that the reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with. It can be done only by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive .business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened. MEMORIAL.
flllr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of the
ChicagoPresbytery of the Reformed Presbyterian
Church, praying for the liberation and education
of slaves; winch was ordered to lie on the table.
LETTERS OF MARQUE.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
393) concerning letters of marque, prizes, and
prize goods; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of that bill.
Mr. KING. Let it be read through before I
give my consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object until I know
what it is.
The first section was read. It provides that
whenever war exists or has been declared between
the United States and any other nation, the Pres-
identofthe United States may issue to private ves-
sels of the United States, commissions,or letters of
marque and general reprisal, in such form as he
may think proper, and under the seal of the United
States, against the vessels, goods, and effects of the
nation or Government so at war with the United
States, and the subjects and citizens thereof.
The Secretary commenced to read the second
section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have heard enough to
know that I cannot consent to the passage of the
bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered at this time. The
Chair will ask the Senatorfrom Iowa if he desires
a reference of this bill, or shall it lie on the table?
Mr. GRIMES. I would have it referred if I
believed any committee would assemble to con-
sider it, but I have seen the difficulty in that re-
gard. I therefore ask that it may be printed and
lie on the table. I want the subject taken up.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and he on
the table.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a resolution of
the Senate of December 23d, in relation to a judi-
cial examination of persons arrested by execu-
tive authority during the present insurrection, and
a resolution of the Senate of December 12, in re-
lation to the arrest and imprisonment of persons
in the loyal States, have directed me to report
them back, and ask to be discharged from their
further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 301) to secure
to the citizens of the United States their right of
personal liberty, report it back, with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 302) to provide for the discharge of State
prisoners and others, and to authorize the judges
of the United States courts to take bail or recog-
nizances to secure the trial of the same, have in-
structed me to report it back to the Senate, with
a recommendation that it be passed, and to ask for
its immediate consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall not proceed now to the consideration of that
bill.
The PRESIDENT/jra/cnywre. Objecticm being
made, it cannot be now considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
other orders, and proceed to the consideration of
the bill I have indicated.
Mr; FESSENDEN. One objection carries it
over. '
Mr. GRIMES. What is it ?
Mr! TRUMBULL. It is a House bill pro-
viding for the trial or discharge of persons who
have been arrested and confined in prison. I trust
that the Senate will proceed to its consideration..
Mr. PESSENDEN. I 'hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an important bill, and
it should be passed before we adjourn. It is a bill
that has passed the House of Representatives, and
has been referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and is reported back here, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, andj trust the Senate
will consent to action upon it. I know of no sub-
ject more important, and it is one which should
enlist the attention of every Senator. We ought
to have some law on this subject. I think it is
time that some action should be taken in regard
to the confinement of persons without charge,
without examination, and without knowing why
they are confined. This bill provides for giving
to such parties a trial, ajid I trust the Senate will
not consent to postpone it for any other subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands objection to be, made to the considera-
tion of the report this morning; and by the rule
of the Senate a report cannot be considered on the
same day, if objection bo made to its considera-
tion. The Chair is of impression that a single
objection carries it over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does a single objection
carry over a bill on the day it is reported?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL". I was not aware of the
rule. Then I will object to proceeding to the con-
sideration of any bill reported to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire if any Senator objects to the consider-
ation of the report and bill just presented by the
Senator from Illinois from the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object, but the
Senator from Massachusetts did distinctly before
he left his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If lie makes objection, I
shall pursue a similar course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Object to all business?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to every bill
repoited to-day being considered, if a single ob-
jection can postpone this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can only state what the rule of the Senate is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair will bear with
me a moment. If the question can be submitted
,to the Senate, and a majority of the Senate decide
not to consider this bill to-day, of course I shall
acquiesce; but if a single objection is to be inter-
posed to prevent its consideration at this stage of
the session, I shall feel bound to make a similar
objection to other bills', so that we may get at this
bill in its order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I did not
object to this bill, but another gentleman did, hav-
ing objections to it; and I can only say it is a most
amiable and pleasantand agreeable disposition on
the part of the Senator, because one gentleman
objects to a bill for the reason that he does not
like it, to object to every bill that everybody may
offer. Because one Senator will not yield to him,
he will delay the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Maine, the Chair de-
sires to have read that clause of the 26th rule
which applies to this subject. The Chair makes
no order, but simply calls the attention of the
Senate to the rule they have made for their own
government. The Secretary will read the last
clause of the 26th rule.
The Secretary read as follows:
"And al! other resolutions shall lie on the tabic one day
for eoiibuleiatioa, and also icports oi committees.55
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, and although it is subject to the objection
of the Senator from Illinois, I shall ask for the
immediate consideration of it as it is important.
The bill to impose an additional duty on sugais
produced in the United States was read. It pro-
vides, that in addition to the duties imposed by the
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government and pay interest on
the public debt," approved July 1, 1862, on all
brown, muscovado, or clarified sugars produced
directly from the sugar fcane, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid under the provisions of this
act, upon all such sugars produced in the United
States, a duty of one cent per pound; and such
additional duty, and the duty specified in the act
of July 1, shall be levied, collected, and paid on
all such sugars (not manufactured for consump-
tion in the family of the producer) in the hands
of the producer or manufacturer, on the day of
the approval of this act by the President. Within
States or portions of States declared to be in in-
surrection, these duties may be collected in such
manner and by such officers as the President may
direct, until the insurrection so declared shall
cease or have been suppressed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel constrained to ob-
ject to the bill if a single objection is to be intro-
duced by the Senator from Massachusetts to pre-
vent the consideration of the bill reported by me.
I am entirely willing that the Senate should take
a vote on it, but I object to the consideration of
this or any other bill, until we can have a vote of
the Senate as to taking that up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that principle is car-
ried out, it will stop all public business, because
one Senator has objection to the gentleman's bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not stop it; the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts stops it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is suggested to me,
what escaped my attention, that the bill I laid on
the table just now is properly a revenue bill, and
should first be introduced in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I ask leave of the Senate therefore to
withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent the Senator from Maine will withdraw
the bill he has indicated.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
471) to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion,
and for other purposes.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 550) to further
provide for the collection of the levenue upon the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers, and for other purposes.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the %
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 438) to
grant pensions.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate, with
an amendment:
A bill (No. 123) concerning the courts of the
United States in and for the distiict of Michigan;
and
A bill (No. 363) to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to accept the title to League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes.
Also, that it had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 358) to prevent members of Congress and
officers of the Government of the'United States
from taking consideration for procuring contracts,
office, or place, from the United States, with
amendments; in which it iequested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I ask for the consideration of the resolu-
tion I offered yesterday, which, under the rules,
must be disposed of without debate.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses be
suspended lor the residue of the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate does not under-
stand these rules, and I ask to have them read.
The Secretary read as follows:
« 16. No bill that shall have pa^ed one Hoiiho shall be
sent lor concurrence to the other on eitiiei ot the last three
days of the session.
" 17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate *haH be presented to the
