1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Mr. CARLILE. I suppose the Senator does
it' bo' primed1"0" UP0" n°W' and 1 suSgest that
1 deSh'e 10 haveitacte1 «P0"
*emPore' *^ie report will
The Secretary read it, as follows:
™TJle c°immuee of conference to whom the disagreeing
n? Vm. J0 1:*~"ses> 011 tlle amendment of the Senate
!S w?5 . J ?°* f 3 bein$ tfn act 10 confiscate the prop-
el ty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of the pres-
ent rebellion, and for other purposes, were referred, having
met and considered the same, after full and free confer-
ence thereon have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, and agtec to the same, with the fol-
lowmgamendments: strike out of the second section of the
senate's amendments the words « by the forfeiture of all
Jus personal piopeity .of cveiy kind whatsoever, mcjudin"
choses in action, and by the forfeiture of hit? life estate in
• any real property of winch he may be the owner, wherever
situated wnliin the United States," and in&cit the words
" by a fine not exceeding $10,000," and stake out the iur-
ther words "and all such properly, including slaves, shall
be forfeited to the United States.5'
Also, strike out the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth
sections of the Senate bill, and insert the tollowin" sec-
tions : 9
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Hampshire whether that is not
doing just what we have determined a committee
of conference cannotdo—introducing new matter?
The PRES IDENT#ro tempore. It is not a
proper subject for consideration while the report
is being read, unless the Senator rises to ask that
the reading be suspended.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask for information if
that is not new matter?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading:
will proceed.
The Secretary continued the reading of the re-
port, as follows :
Sec. 5. Mid be it farther enaded, That to insure the
speedy toimination oi thu piesent irbeilion, it shall he Ihe
dufy oi the Piesidem oi tJie United States toeau*e the seiz-
ure of all the e.-tate and pioperty, money, mock*, credits,
•inu effects ot the pei&ons heieafier named in this section,
and to apply and use the same, and the proceeds thereof
loi the support oi the Atmv ot the United States, that i*to
say: fir^t, ot any person hcroaiter acting as an officer of
the aimy or navy ot the lebds in anus against the Goveiu-
inent of the United States; secondly, oi any poison heie-
alter acting as president, vice pies-ident, member of Con-
gios. juujje of any eouit, cabinet oflicei, foieign muustet
commissioner, oi consul of the^-calied confederate States
m Aineuea; thirdly, of any person actine; asGovernot of
a State, member ot .i convention or J> i>.hiriiro, or indue
of any comt ot any of the j>o-callcd eomedeiate States of
Amoiica; tomthly, of any person who, having held an of-
fice o! honor, tiu^t, ot piotit in the United States, shall
hereaitei hold an otliee in the so-called conledeiate States
ot America; litihly, of any pcinm heieafter holding any
olltee or agency under the government of the so-rallcd con-
iedeiate States of Ameuea, or under amy of the seveial
States ot the -aid < <>nlederae>, or ihe lawstheieoi, whethoi
such ortiee oi a^'ney be national, State, or municipal in it*
name or chaiaeier:• Provided, That the pei>ons thudlv,
fonithl)', and tu'thiy above dociibed shall have accepted
their appoint mentor election since the dare of the pietended
oidmance oi .secession of the State, oi shall have taken an
oath of allegiance to, or to support the constitution of the
so-called conledeiate States; sixthly, of any poisons who,
ownm« piopeity m any loyal Stato orTeintoiy of tile Uni-
f.'d Slates, oi in the Distiiet of Columbia, shall heieafter
assist and give aid and comfort to such rebellion, and all
-ales-, tiaiMer^, oi conveyances of any such piopeity .shall
he null and void ; and it shall be a butfieienf hai to anv suit
brought In sueii person for the possession or the use of Mich
piopciry, oi an> of if, to allege and prove that he is one of
the poisons described in this; section.
Sec. G. JJnd be it fuither enaded, That if anv person
within any Stale or Tejntorv* of the United States oilier
than ibo-o nant'-d ad afore-aid, alter (lie pas^agu o! tin- act,
f>'*inir engaged m aimed lebellion aganni the (ioveminent
of the (Jmted State-?, or aiding or abetting Mich i obeli ion,
shall not, witinn Mxty (lava alter public wanting and pioc-
iarnaUon duly given and made by the I'i evident of thu Uni-
ted States, cea^e to aid, countenance, and ahetsuch lebol
lion, and retuin to his allegiance to the United States, all
tiie c.sfatu and piopeity, moneys, stocks, and eiedits of such
pel j-on shall be iial)le to seizure a,«. aforesaid, and it shall ho
the dutyol tiie President lo<eizeand use them asafoiesaul
or the pioeeeds ihej eof. And all sales, transfer:
, of at:
whether real or personal, shall be found to have belonged
to a person engaged in rebellion, or who has given aid or
comfort thereto, the same shall be condoned as enemies'
property, and become the property of the United States, and
may badisposed of as the court shall decree, and the pio-
ceeds thereof paid into the Tieasury of the United States
for the purposes aforesaid.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the several courts
aforesaid shall have power to make such orders, establish
such forms of decree and sale, and direct such deeds and
conveyances to be executed and delivered by the marshals
thereof where real estate shall be the subject of sale, as shall
fitly and efficiently effect the purposes of this act, and vest
in the purchasers of such property good and valid titles
thereto. And the said courts shall have power to allow
such fees and charges of their officers as shall be i easonable
and proper in the premises.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all slaves of per-
sons who shall hereafter be engaged in rebellion against the
Government of the United States, or who shall in any way
give aid or comfort thereto, escaping from such persons and
taking refuge within the lines of the Army; and all slaves
captured from such persons or deserted by them and coming
under the control of the Government of the United States;
and all slaves of such persons found or being within any
place occupied by rebel forces and afterwards occupied by
the forces of the United Slates, shall be deemed captives
of war, and shall be foiever free of their seivitude and not
again held as slaves.
Also, amend the title so that it shall read "as follows: "A
bill to suppress msuireetion, to punish treason and ieM-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and lor
Other puiposes." DANtEL CLARK,
IRA [I Allium,
JOSEPII A. WRIGHT.
Manage is on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS D ELIOT,
JAMEri K WILSON,
Managers on ihe fail oj the House.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Tin; question
is on concurring 111 tins report of the comnnttcc of
conference.
_ Mr. McDOUGALL. Evidently this is new le-
gislation, and that it may Ijc exactly ascertained
1 move that the report lie on the table and be
pvin ted.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope not. I do not think there
is a necessity for printing- the report, neitherdo I
understand that it contains new legislation. It
strikes out certain sections of the Senate bill and
introduces certain sections of the House bill, with
a modification,and also modifies, to some consid-
erable extent, o..„ other section of the Senate bill,
but there is no new subject of legislation intro-
duced into the leport.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
that the report lie on the table and be printed
Mr. McDOUGALL. Gov tninijiovcry Senator
will understand that this is an entirely new meas-
ure m the form m\vhicintispresunted,aiHU think
it is worthy of consideration. We can have (lie
mcasuie up for consideration when it is punted.
1 think there is a depai tuie from the authonty that
belonged m this committee.
Mr, IIENDIlRSON. I think we have discussed
tliis confiscation subject sufficiently, and i have no
doubt that Senators have made up their minds to
adopt the proposition now before tiie Senate in the
shape of a report from the committee of conference
be no complication in regard to forfeiture of estate.
That I think the Senator will sgree to. We- then
strike out the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and
ninth sections of the Senate bill, and insert as
many new sections, four of them from th;e Hoase
{!   an^ one?f* those stricken out of oyr own bill
® ghtly modified adopting some of the principles
of the House bill, but varying them so far &S\%o
authorize the President to seize'this property-for
the use of the Army, which almost everybody,,!
think, will agree that we may dorboth those wh<*
deny the power of the President, and those who
ftssert it. We say it shall be his duty to seize it.
If he has the power already, it is only declaring
the power; if he has not the power, we give him
the authority to do it. And then if there is any
of the property which requires to be condemned,
in order to make it available for the use of the
Army, we authorize proceedings for that pur-
pose. r
Then there iis a modification of the section in
regard to slaves. By the original section of-the
Senate hill, the President was authorized to issue
a proclamation making the slaves free, if, after a
certain time, the rebellion should not be suppressed
in any particular locality. Now, we propose to
take the slaves of rebels who come within our lines
and declare them captives of war and set them
fiee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The fact that there is in
this report new matter may be readily made ap-
parent. What is the ordinary couise pursued in
reports of committees ofconference where there is
a disagreement between the two Houses? It is
this: t.lie report recommends that the Senate re-
cede from such an amendment, and that the House
of Representatives recede from such an amend-
ment, and you can go through a whole conference
report in that way. But now test this report by
that. What amendment of the Senate to the House
bill is it that the Senate lecedes from, and what is
it that the House recedes fiom? Yuu cannot go
through this report in the ordinary form in which
you go through the reports of conference commit-
tees. It is said there is no new matter in this bill.
Was there anything in the House bill or any-
thing m the Senate oill about taking captives of
war slaves that have been found in places occu-
pied by "the confederate forces ? Nota word. Ac-
couling to my judgmentof the report throughout,
in almost every section of it, as made, new mat-
ter is introduced; and that we may have an op-
portunity to sec whether this is sn.-n if? nnthmo-
,orronvev-
anec--, of any-ucii pioperry attei the cwpjnuion ot the mu<1
m.uv davs 11<jdi tli" date ot Mich warning add proclamation
>iiall be null and void ; and it bhall be a Millieienf Inu to any
sun bioustht !>) !i-T11 |>ei.-.on for the posie>-ion ot tin: u> e of
feueh propeiry, or anv of it, to allege and prove that he 1^
one of tli<> pei^oiH doseubed in this section.*
^i.e. 7. kindle it jutthcr enacted, That to secure the con-
demnation and anv -rticli piopeity alter the f-.imo-ljull
have been mji/.ciK <o tii.it it may be made available for the
put po-e-  atoifvanlj p-<>.-codings ?ewii-hali be instituted m
tin- nam<' ot tlx- Utnp d ites in any di-tiic t com t thoieof,
ot in any teiutoii.u cou't, or in the United Slates ds-twet
couit tor the; Lli-tiiel of Columbia, within which the prop-
erty above dcicubed ot any pait theieof may be tonnd, or
into which the same if movable may fh.-tbe biouirht, whieh
proceedings shall conform as neaily as may he to pioceed-
mgs iu udmhak} oi lyvenue e.ve?-, and if said piopeity.
I, for one, sluill throw no obstacle in the way, ami
I'desiie that whatever is done nniy be done with-
out any farther discussion on the subject. I am
satisfied that every man has made up Ins mind. I
should like, however, very much to have the re-
poi t pilnted, ill order that I may know, in re^ai d
to my own vote, what I am voting for or against.
I have very little doubt the bill will be passed ; but
if the Senator fi om New Hampshire has no objec-
tion, I should like veiy much to see it in punt,
because I cannot tell Irom the 1 ending ol'so lengthy
a bill by the Cleilc what are lis particular provis-
ions. VVeivn have it ill print on Monday morn-
ing, and I, for one, shall then put no obstacles ill
the way of the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLAItlC. 1 hope it will not lie delayed.
We are coming so neai the end of the session, and
as is well said by the Senator from Missouri, the
subject lias been so tlioioughly discussed, that I
have no doubt almost every person, perhaps every
person, m the Senate has made up his mind about
it. There is scarcely anything in it that is not in
one or the other of the printed bills; the leport is
made up almost entirely of parts cut out with a
scissors and put into the leport, standing as they
did in the t<>xt, with some slight alterations
Mr. HENDERSON. Of the House bill ?
Mi. CLARK. Both the Senate and House bills.
We modify the second section of the Senate bill
by striking out tli" foifeiturc of property, putting
in a fine not exceeding 000, so that there shall
portunity to see whether this is so,-it is nothing
but fair and right and just to us who do think
so that this report should be printed. The other
day when there was a disagreement between the
(wo Houses, and the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Foster] was one of the committee on the
part of the Senate, and in his report he introduced
some new matter, it was held that the Senate
should not accept the report, but tliey referred it
to another committee. I think that would be the
proper course in this case if such now matter has
been introduced; and that we may see whether
such new matter has been introduced, there being
a disagreement on that point between the Senator
li om New Hampshire and the Senator from Cal-
ifornia and others of us, it is but fair and right
that the report should beprinted.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desiie to say to the Senator
from Delawaio that no such question arises here
as arose in that case. In that case there was a
modification of the text of the bill which had been
agieed to by both Houses; but here no partof the
text had been agreed to. The Senate struck out
the whole of the House bill after the enacting
clause, and inserted the whole of the Senate bill
I hat the House disagreed to, throwing the whole
matter open to the consideration of the committee
ot conference. Theie was no text agreed to,and
it brought the whole subjoct faiily before thecon-
s i deration of the committee of cont'd ence, and they
nave made a bill from the two, taking something
froin the House bill and most of the sections of
the Senate bill, modifying the section in regard to
slaves as I have stated. I submit, if a point of
older is raised, that the committee have acted en-
tirely within the scope of their authonty.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The case pre-
sents no point of oider for the Chair to decide as
a point of order. As has already been stated, the
whole Senate bill in this case was an amendment
ill the foim of a substitute, disagreed to by one
House, utter having passed the other, so that it
