2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
amendment be adopted, the effect of it is to im-
pose a tax of twenty cents a pound on prepared
smoking tobacco.
Mi. FESSENDEN. The Senator is speaking
of the tax on the manufactured tobacco. We do
not exempt anything.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICERpnt the question,
and deciated that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do Senators desire to
have the tax at ten instead of twenty cents?
Mr. GRIMES, i do not; but it seems to me
there ought to be some distinction between fine
cut tobacco, that is used for smoking purposes,
made up of the remnants of manufactured tobacco,
and which is sold very cheap, and that which is
sold at a high price, and manufactured for other
purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how it can
be avoided. If the Senator has ingenuity enough
to see how a distinction shall be made so that it
will riot all come in the shape of prepared smok-
ing tobacco and then sell it for chewing, in order
to avoid the duty, then, perhaps, I will agree with
him; but it cannot be done; and on any of it the
tax is none too high.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not suppose there was
any limit to the ingenuity of the Committee on
Finance. [Laughter.] I suppose they could have
devised some way by which this could he reached.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a reasonable
limit, but my friend goes so far beyond it that we
cannot follow him. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest to the chairman
of the committee whether there will not be great
ease in evading the tax on smoking tobacco en-
tirely. Take the oidinaiy leaf tobacco when it
is prepared, and cut it, without any manufactui-
ing process at all, and it makes good smoking to-
bacco; and that is the way a great deal of it will
be used. I agieed to this amendment in commit-
tee, but at the same time I can now see on reflec-
tion why there might be a reason for putting a
lower tax on prepared smoking tobacco, simply
because it is so easy to convert the common leaf
tobacco into smoking tobacco; and if the tax is
vei y heavy, twenty oi thirty cents a pound, there
would be an inducement to the people to take the
leaf tobacco, con v ei t it into smoking tobacco, and
avoid the tax, because there is no tax on leaf to-
bacco. 1 suggest tlm difficulty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agieed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On tobacco, piepared Mnokmg, five cents per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Sectetary read the next item, as follows:
On snuff or tobacco, giound dry or damp, oi' all descrip
tion.s, aiomat.e oi medical Mind la vial-., pot?,
boA'-h, or packet-,,) cglif cents per pound.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item bv striking out the word
" or,"after tin* woid "■ snuff/'and inserting man-
uiacUites of," ami also to sii ilo* ont " eight," and
insert l< twenty," mi that tt will lead:
Ou MHifl maim;,ii tired ot tnbteeo, giotind di v oi damp,
of ad diX-'iipiion-. (.except uoin.u'c <u mcdi'-al tnuffin
vials p°ts, Soves. <>; picket-.) twenty cents per pound.
The amendments weie agreed to.
The Secretary re:itl the next item, as follows:
O/i ni'aM, valued at not over five dollar per thousand,
tea cenb per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committor pro-
pose to amend this item by sinking out" ten,"and
inserting " fifteen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SeoreUuy read the next item, as follows:
Ou cigai^. valued at ovei five dollar-! ;ind not over ten
dollar p t Uiou-and, tiueen cent- pei pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by striking out " fifteen"
and inserting "twenty."
The umendment was agreed to.
Mi. FESSENDEN. An error lias occuried in
the pi inting of thatuem. The word " dollars,"
after the wmd " five," should be stiicken out; so
as to lead, '* on eig<>vs, valued at over (ive and not
over ten dollars," &e.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee—I suppose he is in-
formed on the point—what is the usual weight of
a thousand cij^ais.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
usual weight is. Itdepends on their sizeand age.
When they are green they weigh more than when
they are dry, and large ones weigh more than
small ones. It is very different, and 1 do not know
what the average weight is.
Mr. HENDERSON. It strikes me that in im-
posing this lax, it had much better be done by the
box containing a hundred or $ thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter has been
very fully considered both in the House of Rep-
resentatives and in the Committees of Ways and
Means and Finance.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On cigar?, valued at. over ten doil&ra per thousand, twenty
cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert, after the
word "ten," the words " and not over twenty;"
so that it will read,,£ on cigars, valued at over ten
and not over twenty dollars per thousand," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by striking out the word
" twenty," and inserting the words " twenty dol-
lars per thousand, and not over twenty-five cents
per pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mistake. In-
stead of that, I move to strike out the word
"twenty," and insert " twenty-five;" so that it
will read, st on cigars, valued at over ten and not
over twenty dollais per thousand, twenty-five
ccnts per pound."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like again to call the
attention of my friend to that item.
Mr. HOWE. I will suggest to the chairman
that his object would be attained by striking out
the words "per thousand,55 and inserting " not
over."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not strike out the
words'4 per thousand." I propose to make it
lead, "-on cigars, valued at ten and not over
tweuty dollais per thousand, twenty-five cents per
pound."
Mr. HOWE. Well, that will do.
Mr. SUMNER. I have been told by persons
in whom I place confidence, who <iiv> familiar with
this article, that it would bear a higher duty thnn
that; that twenty-five cents a pound on a costly j! poi cent orf vnioreu
cigar is a low tax; that we may tax it si ill hi  her, |
and just as many cigai s will be used; and we shall,
therefore, get more money. If that is not so, if
the evidence is the other way, I have nothing to
""'Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the Senator
in his principle in reference to these subjects, but
we hav' already raided the tax very much.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator frnm Massachu-
setts speaks of this as a costly cigar.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes. There arc two kinds
less costly mentioned here.
Mr. DIXON. This i.s one of the cheap kind
of cigars. The next is the most costly.
Mr. SUMNER. The next is the mostcestly,
I know.
Mr. DIXON. I will suggest to the Senator
fiotn Alassachusetts that there will be a great
deal of debate on the whole subject of the duty
on tobacco after the amendments of the Commit-
tee on Finance are disposed of, and probably ho
had better defer offering amendments until then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another thing
the Senate should consider. We have had advice
from all sorts of people on those subjects; and if
you put on such enormous duties it increases
very much the danger of smuggling, because there
will be greater md ucemeiits'held out.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest also that if you
put any higher tax on these cigars, you will break
up all tin- manufactmmg establishments in the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine.
Tim amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance what was the
object in all these several amendments of putting
a defy by the pound instead of by the hundred
or thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was supposed to be
more certain.
Mr. LATHAM. Cigars in no instance are
ever sold by the pound. They are always sold
by the hundred or thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am perfectly aware of
that. They are always sold in that way. The
idea was to fix the tax according to the valuation;
to find out tiie value, and then put on a tax by the
pound, because ii was supposed to be more exact.
The House committee examined the whole sub-
ject at very considerable length, and we did not
know enough about it to change it, and were dis-
posed to take it as it came from the House.
Mr. LATHAM. The committee may be per-
fectly light; but it strikes me as cigars ate pur-
chased by the hundred, that would be the legit-
imate way of assessing the tax. Cigars weigh
very differently. A new cigar weighs more than
an old one, because the tobacco becomes drier.
I care nothing about it, however.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be an argu-
ment against the mode; but the question now to
be considered is merely the amount of the lax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to insert, after line one hundred and twenty-
seven, the following:
On cigars, valued at over twenty dollais per thousand,
thirty-five ccnts per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On gun power, nnd all explosive substances used for tmn-
102, blasting, artillery, or -portttur pui poc-e-=,vvhon valued at
eighteen cents per pound oi le-s, five mills pet pound ; \\ hon
valued at above eighteen cent- pel pound, and nor exceed-
ing thirty cent-* pet pound, one cent per pound ; and when
valued above Unity cent* per pound, six cents pet pound.
On white lead, twenty-five cent< pet one bund red pounds.
Ou ox>d of zinc, twenty-five cents per one bundled
pounds *
On sulphate ofha'Vtcs, ten cents per one handled pounds!
Provided, That while lead, oxjdof zme. and -uiiphate of
hatjtos, c'u any one of them, sdiali not be >ubject to any ad-
ditional duty in conscqucncc of bung mixed or ground
with lin-eed oil. when the duties upon all the materials)
mixed or eiound .-bail have been previously actually paid.
On ;ill [Hunts and painter' colors diy oi ground in oil,
oi in paste with watei, not otherwise piovided lor, five per
cent ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having proposed no amendments to these items,
the next will be read.
The Sect eta ry read the next items, as follows:
On com brooms, three pel cent, ad ialorcra.
On wooden p.'iN, tubs, buckets, caiks, and chums, thr<'e
Ou stiaw. palm leaf, and giass hats, caps, and bonnets,
tbr<'C per cent. ad valorem.
Ou hnu> ciud cap* made of fui, felt, wool, eoltou, ylazcil
muslin, India tubber, or *ilk, wholly oi m part, three per
cent ad valorem.
On steel hoop skats, or sknt^ of metal or other manual,
thiee per cent, ad talorc/n: on clothing ready made, three
pet cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
proposes to stnke out these several items. The
question will be put on all together if there be no
objection.
The amendments were agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On clock movements made to tun one day, five cents
each; made to inn more than one day, ten cents each.
On putt', foint nead oi othet, fivo percent. a<1 valorem.
On umbiella^ and paiasols made of cotton, silk, or other
mateual, five per cent ad vdoiem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommitteehav-
ing proposed no amendments to these items, the
next will be read.
The Secicrary read the next item, as follows:
On stiew?., coinuion'y called wood-^ctews. two inches)
or ovet in length, one and a ball cent pet pound : leso than
two niche- in length, two cents and live null* pel pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by striking out after the
word " screws" the words " two inches or over
m length," and after the woid " pound," in tiie
one hundred and sixty-sixth line, the words " less
than two inches in length, two cents and five mills
per pound so that it will read, "on screw s, com-
monly called wood-screws, one and a half cent per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On raihoad iron, and all othet m>n advanced beyondi-Jab^,
blooms, or Jooi)s. and not ndxaueed beyond baib or iods,
aed band, hoop, and sheet non. not ihinner than No 18
wire gau',re. and plate iron not le>s than one ctaiith of an
inch in Uuckiiet-i, .--I p«'i ton , on band, hoop, and shtet
lion thinner than No. IB wue-gauge, plate iion lcs , than
one eighth of an inch in thickness, and cut nails and
