S2?6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
-July 12,
placed the whole subject within the jurisdiction
of the committee of conference. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California, that
the bill and report lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Browning, Carlile, Cowan, Da-
vis, Henderson, Kennedy, McDousall, Powell, SauIsUtiry,
Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Fouler, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Harris, flowiud, ICiug, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill,Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Toil Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, YVilmot, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wught—28.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
docs not prevail; and the question recurs on con-
curring in the report of the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. CARLILE. I de&ire the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being'
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, fJhandh-r, Chile, Doolittle,
Fesscnden, Foot, Foster. Giimc, IJ.ilfc, Ilarlan, Han is,
llowaid, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane ol Kansas, Moirill,
Pomeroj, Sheunan, Simmons, Sumner, Ton Eyek, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, YVihnot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wiight—27.
NAYS—Bavaul, Brownina, Carlile, Cowan, Da-
vis, Henderson, Kennedy, McDousjall, Powell, Suul&hury,
Willey, and Wibou of Missoun—12.
So the report was concurred in.
Mr. STARK. I desire to be allowed an oppor-
tunity fo record my vote on the question just
taken, if tire Senate will grant me the privilege.
I wish to vote upon the question of concurring in
the report of the committee of conference on the
confiscation bill.
The PRESl DENT/>?•<? tempore. It can be done
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMIJOLL. I believe the practice of
the Senate is not to do that, ithink it has never
been done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
done, but it is a departure from all parliamentary
rule and all propriety. Jt has been done on sev-
eral occasions, but in the judgment of the Chair
it never ought to be done.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I was misinformed. I did
not recollect its being done, and I thought the
practice of the Senate was not to allow it to be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is theio any
objection to the Senator from Oregon having his
name recorded on that vote? ["No objection."]
The Chair hears no objection; (he Senator will
answer.
Mr. STARK voted in the negative.
.irmeiAL circuits.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I itiove to
postpone the consideration of all other questions,
and take up House bill No, 524.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spccial
order is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move the
postponement of the special order and all other
business for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 524, prohibiting the confinement of persons
in the military service of the United States in the
penitentiary of the District of Columbia, except
us a punishment for certain crimes, and to dis-
chaige therefiom certain convicts by sentence of
courts-martial, and for other purposes.
Mr. WRIGHT, i rise to a privileged question.
I call up fur consideration the report of the com-
mittee of confeience on Senate bill No. 89.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair re-
gards the report as before the Senate. It will be
lead.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two flou-e* fo the bill (S. No. 69) to amend the act of
the od of March, 1637, entitled "An act supplementary to
the act en titled 1 An act to amend the judicial sy&tem of the
United States.,'having met, after full and free conference
have agteed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, a.s lolinws:
That the liouf' recede fioin all its amendments to said
hill except tho^e m which the Senate heretofore concurred.
That the House concur in the Senate's amendment
amended as follows, to wit:
The districts of Louisiana. Texa«, Aikansas, Kentucky
and Tennessee shall constitute the sixth circuit: the dis-
tiicts of Ohio and Indiana shall constitute the seventh cir-
cuit; the districts of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois
shall constitute the eighth circuit; and the districts of Mis-
souri, Iowa, Kansas, and Minnesota shall constitute the
ninth circuit. J- UOLLAMETL
JOSEPH A. WRIGHT,
JOHN C. TEN EYCK,
Managers on the part of the Senate'
JAMES F. WILSON,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
E. MALLORY,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 am opposed
to the arrangement of judicial circuits in the man-
ner agreed upon by the committee of conference
on the part of the two Houses, and I will briefly
slate the reasons of my dissent from this arrange-
ment. I remarked yesterday that I did not intend
that a snap judgment should be obtained against
my State and the other States interested in this
bill as it originally passed the Senate; and that
remark seemed to give some slight offense to the
Senator from New Jersey. I regret that very
much, for I certainly intended no offense, nor do
I think that my remark was chargeable with any
discourtesy to that Senator. 1 did, however, feel
a little dissatisfied that the committee of confer-
ence should have introduced such essential changes
in the bill as it passed the Senate and as it passed
the House, without resorting to that which is
usual, 1 believe, en sucli occasions, and consult-
ing the members of the Senate and membuis of the
House whose States are immediately interested.
In point of fact, I was not consulted; my colleague
in this body w;is not consulted; we had no knowl-
edge even of the manner in which the committee
of conference had been constituted; and I am told
that no member of the House of Representatives
fiorn Michigan was in any way consulted by the
committee of conference in referenceto the dispo-
sition of these judicial circuits. 1 thought, and I
think still, that, to say the least, it would not have
been out of place if m so impoi tanta mattei some
of us had been consulted by the committee, and
our views ascertained. W^ had no notice of the
fact while it was pending in the hands of the com-
mittee, nor had I any notice or knowledge of it
until the report was made to the Semite. What
1 wished for was a fair opportunity to be heard
upon the subject of the new arrangement of the
judicial circuits.
I desire to call the attention of Senators to the
status of this bill. On the 3d uf July the Senate
passed the bill, and arranged certain judicial cir-
cuits in this form:
The district" of Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana -shall con-
stitute llie ^eventli ciienit; tile districts ol ICentucIo , Illi-
nois, ami Wisconsin, shit!! constitute the eighth cneilit;
and the di.stiiel.s of lUissom i, Iowa, Kansas, andIVXl!ilie.sOta,
shail constitute the ninth circuit.
That was the mode in which these Stall's wete
divided into judicial circuits by the bill as it passed
the Senate; and with that division I should have
been content, bccausc I confess that one great ob-
ject which I have in view, and have had in view
all along, is that my State should remain as it has
been for long years, in connection with the State
of Ohio, unci within the judicial circuit to which
Ohio belongs. A great reason for it is, that there
is the utmost intimacy, both social and commer-
cial, between the people of my State and the peo-
ple (>f Ohio. We are, in fact, one and the same
people; our commercial connections aie very in-
timate; our codes of legislation are very similai;
our modes of practice m courts of justice are al-
most identical; and the intimacy which exists, and
which has so long existed, ought to be permitted
to continue, and we should be permitted to re-
main in the same judicial circuit in which we have
been since wo have been a State.
Of course I could make no objection to Indi-
ana remaining in the same circuit. Indiana and
Illinois and Ohio and Michigan have, for the last
ten years, I believe, constituted the seventh judi-
cial circuit; and we have got on very harmoni-
ously,justice has been administered by a very able
judge now deceased, and no complaint has arisen
m consequence of that connection. But, sir, what
arrangement has the committee of conference made
of the western and northwestern States in refer-
ence to judicial circuits? They recommend to us
as follows:
That the districts of Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, shall constitute the si\tli ciicnit;
tile districts of Ohio and Indiana shall constitute the seventh
circuit; the districts of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois,
shall constitute the eighth circuit; and tiie districts of Mis-
souri, Iowa, Kansas, and Minnesota, shall constitute the
ninth circuit.
It will be seen that while the eighth circuit lies
entirely on the east side of the Mississippi river,
that circuit consisting of Michigan, Wisconsin,
and Illinois, the ninth circuit, consisting of Mis-
souri, Iowa, Kansas, and Minnesota, lies west of
the Mississippi. The leading idea of the com-
mittee of conference seems to have been that there
should be a division of judicial circuits upon the
Mississippi river. I do not know what reason
there is for that; nor can I conceive of the propri-
ety of the governing principle by which the com-
mittee were guided, or seem to have been guided,
in their action. Two circuits lying on the east
side of the river and onecircuitlying on the^west
side of the river, are provided for; but it will be
seen, on looking into the amendment recom-
mended by the committee of conference, that they
violated this principle in the arrangement of the
sixth circuit, which is to consist of Louisiana,
Texas, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
That circuit is very strangely shaped, indeed, arid
the Mississippi river runs directly through it.
The Slates of Kentucky and Tennessee lie on the
cast side, while Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas,
lie on the west side, the two parts of the circuit
being connected only by a tongue of land lying
on the river, of about seventy-five miles in length,
according to the map. I see no necessity what-
ever for adhering to this geographical division
upon the line of the river in the arrangement of
the more northern circuit#; indeed, I do not like
it. in times like these 1 am getting a little dis-
tiustful of geographical divisions. We do not
know what a day or even an hour may bring
forth in the midst of the trials and shocks which
the nation is now undergoing.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the very singular geographical and numeri-
cal arrangements which the committee have rec-
ommended for the States on the upper Mississippi.
1 will begin with the seventh circuit, consisting,
according to this report, of the States of Ohio and
Indiana. And first, as to the population. The
population of Indiana and Ohio united, was, ac-
cording to the census of 1860,3,700,000. The area
of these two States is only 76,000 square miles.
The eighth cii cuit, according to their programme,
consists of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois; and
these States, according to the same census, had
within their limits a population of 3,200,000 and
a geographical areaof 157,000 square miles, more
than twice the geographical superficies of the sev-
en tli circuit. The ninth circuit, consisting of Mis-
souri, Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas, had, accord-
ing to the same census, a population of 2,166,000,
while its geographical area amounts to 488,700
square miies, more than six times the geograph-
ic,il extent of the seventh circuit, and more than
three times the geographical extent of the eighth
circuit, as arranged here.
/Ill these inequalities and disproportions are in-
troduced into the report of the committee of con-
ference for the purpose of carrying out the idea
that there must be a separate circuit on the west
side of the Mississippi river. Why it is, I do not
know; but it seems to be a very odd and a very
strange arrangement. Look at the eighth circuit,
consisting of my own State, Wisconsin, and Illi-
nois, a most misshapen circuit, more resembling
in its form an Indian tomahawk than anything
else, as you will discover if you look upon the
map—Illinois forming the handle, and Wisconsin
and Michigan the blade, presenting a most sin-
gular appearance upon the map.
Now, sir, why is all this? Why is this attempt
made to revolutionize all our ideas on the subject
of these judicial circuits? We need in our State
and in Wisconsin a very able admiralty judge;
and let me say to the Senate that no mediocre law-
yer, no lawyer who has not had experience in the
administration of that branch of the law, will be
likely to satisfy the people of that Circuit. While
Ohio has a lake coast of only about one hundred
miles lying within the seventh circuit, the State
ofMichigaivhas a coast upon Lakes Erie, Huron,
Michigan, and Superior of nearly two thousand
miles. Illinois has only about fifty miles of coast
upon the southern border of Lake Michigan; In-
diana lias about as much; and I undertake to say
that the amount of admiralty business alone which
must necessarily be transacted in our circuit will
be double, treble, and even quadruple that which
will be transacted in the seventh circuit as arranged
by the committee. In order to dispose of this busi-
