334:
THECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
declaratory of the purpose of Congress to impose a
tax, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
owner of the British ship Perthshire.
OBITUARY 01? SENATOR BAKER.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submit^d the follow-
ing resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the proceedings
of the Senate on the occasion of the announcement of the
decease of the late Senator Baker, be printed for the use of
the Senate.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill (S. No.
26) to provide for the confiscation of property be-
longing to rebels; the bill (S.No. 28) to suppress
the slaveholders' rebellion; the bill (S. No. 29)
for the confiscation of property of persons m re-
bellion against the Constitution and laws of the
United States; the bill (S. No. 35) for the punish-
ment of conspiracy and kindred offenses against
tho United States, and for the confiscation of the
property of the offenders; the bill (S. No. 78)
for the confiscation of the property of rebels and
giving'freedom to the persons they hold in sla-
very; the bill (S. No. 134) declaring certain per-
sons to be alien enemies, forfeiting their property
to the United States, and creating a lien on said
property in favor of loyal persons, to indemnify
them for such damages as they may have sus-
tained by the existing war of rebellion; a joint
resolution (S.No. 23) to provide for the confisca-
tion of the property of rebels, or insurgents, and
to satisfy the just claims of loyal persons thcre-
fi*om; and divers other resolutions and memorials
upon the same subject, report them back to the
Senate, and ask to be discharged from their con-
sideration. The committee also report an original
bill to confiscate the property and free the slaves
of rebels.
The bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property
and free the slaves of rebels, was read a first time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the motion be put to
discharge the committee from the other bills?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is un-
necessary. The papers follow the bill, and go on
the files of the Senate, and come back with the bill
reported by the committcc.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the bill reported
will go upon the Calendar and be printed, as a mat-
ter of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will, under
the general rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the purpose of having
the bill go on the Calendar m proper shape to be
acted upon when we reach it, I ask that it be read
the second time.
The bill received its second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution,
(S. No. 31,) tendering the thanks of Congress to
Lieutenant A. D. Harreil, commander of the Uni-
ted States steamer Union, and the officers and sea-
men under his command, for destroying a rebel
schooner m Quantico creek; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
HOUSE JOrNT RESOLUTION REFERRED,
The joint icsolution, (H. R. No. 32,) declara-
tory of the purpose of Congic-ss to impose a tax,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia to report
back the bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase
of the clerical foice in the offices of the Adjutant
General and of the Paymaster General. The bill
was amended and recommitted to the committee, j
for theporposeof puttingit inform. Thechanges I
that have been made are simply to carry out the
view of the Senate, and I desire to put the bill on
its passage.
Mr. COLLAMER. You give the appointment
to the Secretary ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; that is all.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well.
- There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee ofthe Whoje, proceeded to consider the bill.
The amendment of fhe committee is to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu
thereof:
That in addition to the clerical and other force now au-
thorized by law in the War Department and its bureaus,
the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to appoint as fol-
lows : in the office of the Secretary of War, four clerks of
class one; in the office of the Adjutant General, eighteen
cleiks of class one and two messengers ; in the office ofthe
Quartermaster Geneial, ten cleiks of class one and one mes-
senger; in the office of'the Smgeon General, two clerks of
class one and one laborer ; in the office of the Paymaster
General, eight clerks of class one and one messenger ; in
the office of Chief of Engineers, one clerk of class one ; in
the otDcc of the Chief of Ordnance, three clerks of class one ;
in the office of the Commissary General, three cleiks of class
one and one laboicr; and the Adjutant General is author-
ized to employ in his office anyiiumbe),not exceeding ten,
of non-commissioned officers, to be selected by him from
the Army, in addition to his present clerical foice.
Sec. 2. Jhiibe it further enacted, That the chief clerk of
the War Depaitment may be appointed disbursing agentof
the Depaitment, and may receive the salary affixed to that
office by the act of March, 1853, in addition to his pay as
said chief clerk.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that there be added to
the bill a section authorizing the employment of
four additional clerks in tlie Navy Department. I
will state that these clerks arc needed in the Bu-
reau of Pro visions and Clothing that has the super-
intendence of the paymasters. It is known to the
Senate that there has been a very great increase
in the number of those officers. Every paymas-
ter and assistant paymaster that is created imposes
additional duties upon that particular bureau with
whom they are obliged to have all their transac-
tions; it requires the opening of a new account.
The clerical force in tile Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing is no greater now than it was during the
time of peace; and yet we have had an addition—
I do not know the precise number, but I think of
at least a hundred per cent.—to the corps of pay-
masters and assistant paymasters. My purpose
is to give the Bureau ©f Provisions and Clothing
these additional cleiks. It is necessary.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa, who
is a member of the Committcc on Naval Affairs,
I suppose, understands the needs of his Depart-
ment; and therefore I do not oppose the adoption
of the amendment he has suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa has been prepared
by the Secretary, and will be read.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Jind be xb further enacted > That the Secretary ofthe Navy
be authorized to employ four additional clcrks of class one
in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
Mr. GRIMES. I prefer it should be il in the
Navy Department." It may not be necessary to
employ them all m that bureau. I think it will;
the chief of that bureau told me it would; but I
should like to have the provision general so that
the Secretary can employ one of them, if he sees
fit, in some other bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be modified by striking out the words
u in the Bureau ofProvisions and Clothing."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, its title was
amended so as to read: " A bill authorizing an in-
crease of the clerical force in the War and Navy
Departments."
TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up joint
icsolution No. 29, which was reported yesterday
by the Military Committee, but was laid over at
the suggestion ofthe Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Saulsbuiiy.]
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 29) to promote theefficiency ofthe
troops serving m the department of Kansas, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Itau-
thorizes the commander in the field of the United
States forces now being or hereafter to be concen-
trated in tlie State of Kansas, while marching with
all or any portion of his command through the
Indian or surrounding country, to detail an officer
or officers to muster into the United States service
such persons as may present themselves for that
purpose, and organize them therefor, to remain
therein such length of time as, in his opinion, the
exigencies of the service may require, at the end
of which time, if worthy thereof, they are to be
honorably discharged; but such mustering in is
not to cause to the United States any other ex-
pense than that of the subsistence ofsuch persons
while so in service, and ofthe compensation ofthe
mustering officer, until the muster-in rolls of such
persons have been first submitted to the Secretary
of War, and his consent to their complete equip-
ment and pay has been had, which the joint res-
olution authorizes him to grant, if, in his opinion,
the necessities of the service require it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is that joint resolution
disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not yet
disposed of. It is reported from the committee,
and is now before the Senate, and is still open to
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has it ever been printed ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised that it has been printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the New
York Tribune of yesterday, in calling the atten-
tion of its readers to this resolution, said that it
would occur to the observant reader that it meant
something. It struck me yesterday before the ad-
journment, when it was about to be called up by
the Senator from Kansas, that it did mean some-
thing. It not onlymeans something, but it means
a great deal. It proposes the establishment of a
policy which, in my judgment, is fraught with
great danger to the people of this whole country;
a policy which, if I read aright the message of
the President of the United States, is condemned
by him; a policy which, I believe, is condemned
by a large majority of all the conservative people
of this country who are in favor of the preserva-
tion of the Federal Union. What does it propose*
sir? It proposes in effect, first, to take from under
the charge of the War Department of this Gov-
ernment and the Piesident of the United States,
and by act of Congress to vest in the commander
of the troops in Kansas powers which are given
to no other commander in the field; and this im-
portant measure, only reported to the Senate yes-
terday from the Committee on Military Affairs,
now comes up for solemn decision by this Sen-
ate. If this resolution is adopted, it invites to the
Federal standard every free negro and every run-
away slave that may choose to resort to it for the
purpose of being armed in the prosecution of this '
war. It invites also the savages of the West to
the American standard to aid in suppressing this
rebellion. In my judgment, such an invitation
and such cooperation by such people would have
precisely the contrary effect.
Why, sir, I presume there are few men in this
country who believe, unless you have or can de-
velop what is called a Union sentiment in the
South, that you are going to suppress this rebel-
lion. Without that, I apprehend, the task of sup-
pressing this rebellion will be a labor too great for
this Government. What tendency will the adop-
tion of this resolution have to build up such a sen-
timent in the South? If there be a lingering attach-
ment to the Federal standard; ff there be a single
lingering hope that theUnionformed by our fat here
shall be preserved; if there be a latent desire on
the part of any man in any southern State to coop-
erate with the people of the free States in the pres-
ervation of this Union, the adoption of this joint
resolution will be a death-blow to every such hope.
I may be told, sir, that the southern people have
slaves in arms; I may be told that they have In-
dians in arms. A curse upon the southern confed-
eracy, so far as I am concerned! I have no part
or lot in it; I neither learn morals nor patriotism
from it; but being'in the Federal Union, where 1
expect to be while I live, and for the preservation
of which every aspiration of my heart and soul
goes forth, I condemn this policy as destructive of
the last hope that remains for the preservation of
this Union—to arm the slaves, arm the free ne-
groes, arm the savages of the forest to fHn the
battles which free Americans are able to light, or
which cannot be fought successfully at all.
Sir, this resolution brings up now the great
question which has been for some time agitating
the public mind. The terms of the resolution
