M56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
icy of the President. You can show me no pos-
sible way by which emancipation can be effected
without colonization. If you do not carry with
emancipation colonization at the same time, if you
emancipate these eighty-seven thousand slaves in
"the State of Maryland," making one hundred and
seventy-five thousand colored people to remain
there, one race or the other will ultimately perish;
and scenes of blood and carnage that we have little
idea of will result from it. With the free negroes
wc have now in the State of Maryland, we have to
encounter the prejudices^and worst passions of a
large class, in order to prevent laws violent and
inhuman in their operations upon them. You say
you will not receive them; that when this policy
shall be adopted they will not be allowed to remain
with us. That is a fixed purpose on the part of
the people of the State of Maryland. In making
that remark, I will say here that there is not a
gentleman on the northern side of the Chamber
who has a higher consideration for this class of
oppressed people than myself; indeed, sir, I will
say more:! challenge any gentleman in this coun-
try, or any abolitionist in this country, to prove,
that he has as much sympathy for them as 1 have.
Mr. President, from the character of the vari-
ous measures of this class which have been pro-
posed to Congress from time to time, deemed as
necessary to putdown the rebellion—measuresof
more than doubtful expediency as well as consti-
tutionality—I fear that my worst anticipations
will be realized over my hopes for the perma-
nency of ourinstitutions. We are certainlyatthe
culminating point of the crisis. I had hoped that
in this struggle for the Constitution, the forms of
our Government might at least survive the shock
of revolution; I had hoped thatafter the storm had
swept away, the blight spirit of these once beau-
tiful stars of the morning would again shine out
and open up a new pathway to a higher and more
durable national glory, but, sir, I confess the
faith that was within me is fast giving way when
I sec measures like the present pressed against the
remonstrance of all the States alone affected by it,
but especially m disregard to the deep interest
Maryland has at stake, and whose position has at
least a claim upon the magnanimity of the con-
trolling majority m this Congress. In the pain-
ful and anxious scenes of last winter we lelied
upon the assurances of honorable membeis of this
majority that we should icceive full consideration
and acknowledgment for our good faith and de-
votion to the cause of the Union. Wc have stood
by the Union under all circumstances. We relied
fnrthei upon the broad and emphatic pledge of the
President in his inaugural, that he meant to ad-
minister this Government in a spirit of justice and
equality to all the Slates, that no rights should be
assailed, that he meant to uphold, maintain, and
defend the Constitution. I trust lie is firm in his
purpose to do so still. We relied upon assurances
of this Congress, in its solemn declaration of last
July, that the rights of eveiy Slate should be le-
tipcctcdy ami that none should be assailed. Wc
met at this session amidst the roar of cannon and
the din of battle, still hunting that the honest
pledges of your President would prevail over the
spiritofsectional partisanship, which itseems now
must be appeased by the inauguration of a sec-
tional policy, which, if established, must finally
involve this unhappy country in one wild carni-
val of fratricidal blood and universal ruin, and in-
stead of restoring the Union to its original grand-
eur and powoi, it will be but the beginning of a
revolution which may enact such horrors in this
once happy country as those of the French revo-
lution weie but the lype. God grant we maybe
saved from such a fate.
Sir, I am constrained to submit to the people '#?
Maryland, if this measure passes, how far good
faith has been kept with their trusting confidence;
how far their honor and devotion to principle has
been respected in the taunts and low flings which
have been made at various times in both branches
of Con gicss against their loyalty to constitutional
obligations, i do not desire to deal in recnmina-
tion. I do not desire to offend the sensibilities of
any one. I barely claim the right as a Senator on
this floor to express my contempt and disgust at
the low means that have sometimes been resorted
to to bring discredit upon my State to effect par-
tisan purposes. Sir, I may speak warmly, for I
feel deeply. I feel that whatever of consideration
my Stale has had heretofore she has lost it; that
no respect or consideration is given to the very
weakness of the position she holds m this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, may I not, in conclusion, ex-
press the fear that while we of Maryland avoided
the rock of secession, still clinging to the Consti-
tution upon which wc were embarked, we may
find ourselves fast drifting into the dark and over-
whelming whirlpool of a relentless, unyielding,
and reckless sectional policy, which will end for-
ever, in my humble judgment, the last hope of
bringing together the dismembered and broken
ties that bound this great and prosperous nation
in one fraternal bond of union and power? In the
name of my State I protest against this measure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my intention to
go into the discussion of this question at present;
I may have something to say in reference to it be-
fore the discussion closes; but I will remark now
that if this bill passes it is to pass by the votes of
Senators from the non-slaveholding States, gentle-
men representing States that are not afflicted with
the great curse of a free negro population. I wish
to relieve this city, if this bill should pass, from
what I consider one of the greatest curses that can
afflict any people—a free negro population; and I
rise now to propose an additional section to the
bill with a view that this District may be relieved
from that curse, and that the gentlemen whose phi-
lanthropic feelings are so great as to induce them
to pass this bill may have an opportunity of tak-
ing the persons libei ated to their own keeping. I
now offer the following amendment to the bill. It
is to insert as a new section:
.find he if: further enacted. That the {-aid persons liber-
ated undei tlm act shall, within thirty tla> ^ after the pass,ige
of the sam", be icmoved at the expense ot the Fedeinl Gov-
ernment into the Stat on ot'IVI.urn*, New II amp- biro, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Inland. Connecticut, Vcimont, New Yoik,
Pennsylvania New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, town, Wisconsin, Minne^ua, Kansas. Orison, and
California, and that said per-onss -.hall be distributed to and
anion? said States pro rata accouling to the population of
the same.
I ask for the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The "Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Chair is informed there is no
quorum voting, and that I here aie seveial Senatois
in the Chamber who have not voted. The Chair
will then-fore direct the call of the absentees, to
ascertain who are not voting.
Tin1 Secretary proceeded to call the names of
the Senators who had not voted.
Mr. KENNEDY, when his name was called,
voted m the affirmative.
Mr. POWELL, when his name was called, said:
1 would vote fortius mnendmcntif I did notthink
it contained a feature that is unconstitutional. I
do not think we have any constitutional power to
take money out of the Treasury to buy negroes.
I really think that gentlemen in the free States who
free them ought to receive them; but believing it
is unconstitutional in that respect, I shall have to
vote u nay/'
The result was then announced—yeas 2, nays
31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Kennedy and Saulsbury—2.
NAYS—Mcsms. Anthony. Jhownmg, Carliie, Chandler,
Claik, Davis. Dixon, Foot, Grimes, Italian, Hams, Hen-
derson, Howaul. liowe, King, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Mouill, Pomero\, Powell. Shi mian, Sunk, Suninet, Ten
Eyek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson. Wihnot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, Wihon of Mi^oun, and Wnaht—31.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quoium voting; and the business of the Senate
must be arrested for the want of a quorum.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask leave to introduce a bill
with a view to refeience, and then I shall offer an
amendment to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No business
can be transacted, a quorum not being present.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn-.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine there is a quo-
rum in the looms about the Capitol. Certainly
there has been a Quorum about the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
UtljMr! TRTTMRULL. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Delaware whether he wishes to
speak on this question to-morrow.
No, sir; not at ail.
I desire to submit some
Mr. SAULSBURY.
Mr. WILKINSON.
remarks on this bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am willing for the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to take floor. Perhaps I
may say something before the discussion closes;
but I do not propose to do so to-morrow. What
1 shall say will be very short.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carliie, Henderson, Kennedy, Latham,
Peaice, Saulsbury, Wade, and Wilson of Missouri—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Hrowmng, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Foot, Ginnes, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Mom!!, Pome-
loy. Powell, Sherman, Staik, Sumnpr, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull. Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wn'ght—27,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum now-
being present, the question will return on the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us vote
on this amendment and dispose of it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Secretary
call the roll now of absentees, to see whether there
is a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is necessary
to call the roll again on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, and that will show the pres-
ence or absence of a quoium.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I beg to inquire what is
the pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware, which will
again be read.
The Secretary read it, to insert as a new section
the following:
d be it further erupted, That the said persons libeiatcd
under this act '-hall, within thirty days attur the passage ot
the tame, be removed at the expense ot the Fedeial Gov-
ernment into the States of Maine, New Ilampshne, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Inland, Connecticut, Veimont, Now York,
Pennsjlvatua, New* Jeisev, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois Mich-
igan, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, Oiegon, and
Cahloinia, and that said pet sons shall bo dbtiibua d to and
among the said States } o rata accoiding to the population
of the bainc.
Mr. SAULSBURY. While I speak in support
of that amendment, I will simply say, to befiank
with the Senate, that I intend to vote against the
bill in any shape in which it can be presented. I
offer this amendment, however, upon the princi-
ple adopted by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] yesterday, of perfecting the bill, as far as
I can, before the final vote; and I do think that it"
gentlemen who are not interested in this question
will persist in freeing the slaves in this District or
elsewhere, they ought to be willing to take them
among themselves; that they ought not to throw
this class of persons, idle and vicious and worth-
less, as we know they will be, upon this District,
which already, I am told, has a population of
eleven thousand free negroes. If they should per-
sist in setting the additional number of three thou-
sand free, the nineteen free States ought certainly,
having so few among themselves, to be willing to
share the burden with the people of this District,
by dividing the freed slaves among themselves,
still leaving this District with the burden ofeleven
thousand free persons of color. It would be one
of the most sublime examples of philanthropy I
have even seen. I have read in the newspapers
recently that missionaries have been sent from the
free States to Port Royal, and that such was the
happiness of those missionaries from the free States
at meeting the persons of color who resorted to the
Federal Army, that they actually embraced them
and called them brothers and sisters, and de-
clared that they were their equals and as free as
themselves. If such be their love for the liberated
slaves of South Carolina, why should they have
less love for the liberated siaves of the District of
Columbia?_ By your fiuits you shall be known.
If it is a spirit of philanthropy and a love of free-
dom that pi ompts you, gentlemen, to set these three
thousand slaves in the District of Columbia free;
render that philanthropy and that love of freedom
sublime in the sight of all human kind, by taking
