1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into your own embracc, in your own midst, the
slaved thus liberated. Prove that you are sincere.
If you will adopt this amendment, you will give
practical evidence to the people of this country,
both North and South, that it is a genuine spirit
of nhilanthropy and a genuine love of freedom
that governs your counsels and dirccts your ac-
tion; but if you arc unwilling to receive them to
yourselves, if you are unwilling to take them in
your own midst, why should you force this class
of people upon an unwilling population?
But, sir, I will not discuss this question. I
thought at one time, when the former vote was
taken, that I should be alone. I recollect that
Cicero once said, he never was less alone than
when alone. Fortunately my friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Kennedy] came to my rescue. I can-
not hope that my amendment will be adopted, but
I offer it for the purpose of enabling gentlemen,
if they are really governed by a love of freedom
and byaphilanthropic spirit, to give evidence to
the world that it is genuine.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I regret very
much that Senators depart so far from the pro-
prieties, as I consider it, of this Chamber, as to
make the allusions they do. It is done merely to
stimulate a prejudice which exists against a race
already tiampled under foot. 1 refer to the allu-
sions to white people embracing colored people as
their brethren, and the invitations by Senators to
white men and white women to marry colored
people. Now, sir, if we were to descend into an
investigation of the facts on that subject, it would
bring the blush to the cheeks of some of these
gentlemen. I once had occasion to direct the at-
tention of the Senate to an illustrious example
fiom the State of the Senator who inquired if any
of us would marry a greasy old wench. It is his-
tory that an illustrious citizen of his State, who
once occupicd officially the chair that you, sir,
now Sit in, lived notoriously and publicly with a
negio wench, and raised children by her.
Mr. SAULSBITRY. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman a moment. Does he refer to any citizen
of Delaware ?
Mr. HARLAN. I referred to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr Davis.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I beg your pardon.
Mr. MARL AN. I referred to a gentleman who
held the second office in the gift of the American
people; and I never yet have heard a Senator on
this floor denounce the conduct and the associ-
ation of that illustrious citizen of our country. I
know of a family of colored or mulatto children,
the children, too, of a gentleman who very re-
cently occupied a seat on the other side of the
Chamber, who are now at school in Ohio. Yes,
sir, the children of a Senator who very recently,
not to exceed a year since, occupied a seat on this
floor, a Senator fiom a slave State.
I do not desire to consume the time of the Sen-
ate and of the country in calling attention to these
facts; it is humiliating enough to know that they
exist; but if Senators who represent slaveholding
States will perpetually drag this subject to^ the
attention of the Senate and of the country, let them
take the logical consequences of their own folly,
and bear the shame which an investigation of
facts must inflict on themselves and their con-
stituents.
1 know there is a newspaper slander—written,
printed, and published as a slander—on those who
went down to South Carolina for a benevolent
purpose, at l>>ast a desire to look after the welfare
of those who had been cast off by their masters
and had no means of support, the armies of the
Republic furnishing them no protection, and, as
it is said, actually lobbing them of the scanty sup-
plies left them by their absconding owners. Be-
nevolent gentlemen have gone, as it is said, and i
believe truly, to furnish them temporarily with
food and raiment,and also employment, to enable
them to provide, in part at least, by the labor of
their hands,for their own wants. 1 confess 1 can
perceive nothing objectionable m this; nor do I
believe that the Senator himself who drags up that
subject, as it seems to me, unnecessarily, in the
discussion of the provisions of this bill, can point
out any thing improper in it. Does he desire that
those persons who have been deserted by their
masters should be left theie to starve and die like
brutes? i know he does not. Then what other
means cari he devise for their protection and sup-
port; or doee he desire the President to withdraw
the Army and permit the rebels, who arc now
striking at the life of the nation, to return to their
possessions under the folds of a rebel flag, reas-
serting their ownership over their deserted slaves ?
If he desires the armies of the Republic to push
forward until the supremacy of the laws of the
Union shall be acknowledged, under the protect-
ing folds of the stars and stripes, to its utmost
limits, what does he propose to do with these des-
titute people? Does he propose to support them
directly from the national Treasury ? Would this
be more wise than to permit benevolence to pro-
vide for their temporary wants, and to permit the
labor of their own hands to supply their neces-
sities for the futuie?
I do not deem it proper on this occasion to enter
into a labored investigation of the probabilities of
amalgamation of the white with the negro race if
the negroes should all be set free. How is it in
point of fact? Do you find white gentlemen and
white ladies marrying the free negroes that are
now in this District? Do you find them marrying
the negroes that are now free in Maryland, and I
understand the Senator says there are over eighty
thousand of them in that Stale? Do Senatots find
that the amalgamation of the white and the negro
race is in progress in the States they represent?
And if so, does it progress more rapidly in the free
than in the slave States? And in the slave States
does it progress more rapidly among the fiee
negroes than among the slaves. I have known of
but three cases in my own State, and all three of
those men married to wenches have been residents
of slave States, where, I doubt not they acquired
their tastes. [Laughter.] Liberating the negroes
carries with itnoobligation to marry their wenches
to white men. Gentlemen may follow their tastes
afteiwaids as now.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
so,:] has furnished me with the figures showing
thi' exact number of free negroes in the States of
Delaware and Maryland. In the former there are
19,723 free negroes, and but 1,798 slaves, and m
Maryland 83,718 free persons of color, and but
87,700 slaves. If the white population of Mary-
land does not intermarry and amalgamate with
the 83,718 free negroes now in the State, would
theii tastes in that regard be changed if more of
them were liberated? If the people of this city,
the capital of the nation, are not now insulting
our delicate sensibilities by intermarrying with
nearly twelve thousand free negroes here, would
their tastes be changed in that regard by the liber-
ation of about fifteen hundred others, for 1 un-
derstand on consultation with the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia that there
are not now probably to exceed fifteen hundred
slaves in the District. There were when the census
was taken but a trifle over three thousand.
This is merely a fling intended on the. part of
those who use it to arouse a prejudice that they
know is deep-seated in the minds of the people of
the free States against association with the colored
population. They know what I know and here
state, that there is m all the free States a deep-
seated prejudice against an association with the
colored population—a prejudice that does not ex-
ist in the slave States. There you find this asso-
ciation together, not in the social circle, it is true.
You find them, however, at work together in the
same shop, at the same bench, on the same farm,
in the same buildings, at the same kind of toil.
You find their children on the same playgrounds,
at the same games, at the same amusements, not
unfrequently eating, sleeping, quarreling, and
fighting with each other without reference to color,
if is so in this Distiict. We all observe itevery
day we live. Any man who will take the trouble
to walk up Pennsylvania avenue at this moment
will see the white hackman and the negro stand-
ing side by side, whip in hand, waiting for a job.
He will see the white man and the negro on the
cioss streets, sitting on wagon or cai t, side by side,
waiting for employment. Go into the hotels,and
you will find them there, white men and negroes,
white females and colored females, in the employ-
ment of the same landlord-* Go into the Govern-
ment woikshops, into your own navy-yaid, as I
doubt not all have done, and as I have done,and
| you will see black men and white men working
j side bv side, swinging the same kind of hammer,
J forging the same piece of iron.
j It is here in a slave District and in the slave
I Slates that men learn to associate familiarly as la-
borers and mechanics with the colored population;
and as a result of that familiar association at the
daily toils of life, there is less shrinking away
from them; less reluctance at receiving them into
their embracc, so handsomely described by the
Senator from Delaware but a moment since. No,
sir; if you inquire for those willing to receive col-
ored persons into their embrace, you will find .a
large majority of them born, brought up, and edu-
cated in the midst of a slaveholding community;
and as a result of this familiar association, you •
will find in every slaveholding community a much
larger number of mulattoes than in the free States.
But, then, what is to be done with these fifteen
hundred liberated slaves ? If they are to be liber-
ated we are told they must be expatriated; they
must be sent into some other country, into a
strange community, and there compelled to pro-
vide in a land of strangers for the supply of their
dailywants? Where are they now ? Inthebosom
of the families of this metropolis. They are the
house servants and the field hands of those who
now claim to be their owners. Whence, then, a
necessity for expatriating them? It does not in-
crease their number to liberate them. If their la-
bor is now necessary for the industrial purposes
and comfort of the people of this District, will it
not be as necessary after they shall have been lib-
erated ? If they are now needed as house servants
and hotel servants, laborers and mechanics, in
shops and fields, will they not be as necessary
afterwards? The only change in this regard that
I can perceive is that after their liberation, and
those who now enjoy their laborgratuitously will
then, if theii services are continued, be compelled
to pay them reasonable compensation, the Gov-
ernment paying them a bonus of $300 each to re-
linquish the supposed right to their labor without
the payment of wages. This is the only wrong
that will have been inflicted on those who now
own them. They now employ them, and give
them food and raiment and shelter for their ser-
vices, without reference to their own wishes, coer-
cing obedience with the lash when found neces-
sary. Afterwards they will be compelled to consult
the will and wishes of the employed, and to pay
them probably stipulated wages, with which the
servant will pi ovide his own supplies. No injury
is inflicted on society, no change is wrought on
its organization, and no change is made in the po-
litical condition of the emancipated. They will
have acquired no political rights or franchises.
They will have acquired simply the right io enjoy
as they choose the proceeds of their own labor.
But if you confer this right on fifteen hundred
moie negroes now slaves in this District, we are
gravely warned by Senators, in most eloquent and
paiheiic strains, that we will thus inaugurate a
war of extermination between the white and black
race! Yes, if you confer on these fifteen hundred
poor negroes the right now enjoyed by more than
eleven thousand of their colored brethren nowliv-
ing in the District, allow them to collect and use
the wages of their own labor, you will incite a
spirit of wholesale murder! Rather than pay them
just compensation for their services, their former
masters, who have lived on the proceeds of their
unpaid toil, will take down their rifles and shoot
them! A war of extermination is to arise ! Sir,
I have understood that it was murder now in this
District to kill a colored man; that so far from
justifying the indisci iminate murder of those poor
people who are now free, you regard it as a very
grave offense against society to shed his blood,
and would arrest, indict, try, and hang the felon
who would perpetrate it in a single case. I in-
quiie if it is not also a felony now in Maryland?
I inquire of the Senator from Maryland, who pre-
dicts a war of extermination immediately on the
liberation of the slaves in this District, why ithas
not heretofore commenced; and if it would not be
murder to shoot or otherwise maliciously destroy
the life of a free negro of his own State under the
laws of Maryland as they now exist?
Mr. KENNEDY. If the honorable Senator
desires to answer, 1 will say in a very few words
that there is now a bitter antipathy between the
laboring white people and the free blacks, and that
it has been so strong heretofore in the State of
Maryland that we have had great difficulty in re-
straining: the passage of what weeonsider inhuman
laws. The antipathy is very strong between the
two classes of people, and I do not know ho_w far
they might be excited to deeds of violence, if the
