1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2317
spikes, two doliais per ton: Provvled, That bars, rods,
bunds, hoops shorts, platen, nails, and spike*, manufac-
tured horn non upon winch ihe duty of $150 has been
levied and paid, shall be subject only to a duty of fii'tv cents
*P"r ton in addition thereto, anything in this act to the con-
tuuy iiotvy tlwtandmg. On stoves and hollow warn, $1 50
pei ton ot two thousand pounds; cast iron u^ed foi budges,
building, oi other perinauont <ti uctures, one dollar per ton :
Proi jth'il, Tiiat bar iron u^d tor hkf purples ^hall be
cliar<i°d no additional dutv beyond the specific duty im-
posed by tins act. On steel m ingots, bars, sheets, oi wne
not less than one fourth of an inch in thickness, valued at
seven ccnt**per pound oi lcs<, four dollars per ton ; valued
at above seven cents pot pound, and notabove eleven cunts
per pound, eight dollars pei ton; valued above eleven cents
par pound, ton dollar per ton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by inserting in the one
hundred and seventy-fourth and one hundred and
seventy-fifth lines, the words, "on railroad iron,
rerolled, seventy-five cents per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On paper of nil description^, including pasteboard and
biudeis' boaui-, three per cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out this item.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state, as an expla-
nation to the Senate, that they will find a.good
many of these articles stricken out entirely. The
reason is to avoid repetition. There is a clause
at the end of the section which puts upon all man-
ufactures not enumerated, three per cent, ad val-
orem. It therefore was not necessary to specify
them here. The reason it came to be so was this:
as the bill was reported by the committee to the
House, specific duties were put on these articles;
but the House amended it by putting the duty
at three per cent, ad valorem instead of striking
them out, and leaving them to come under the gen-
eral clause. We strike them out, because they
are provided for in another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On soap, ca-tiK palm oil, eiaMve, and soap of all other
descriptions, whil'j or colored, e.xcept soft soap and s oap
otherwise piovided for, valued not above throe and a half
cents per pound, one mill per pound ; valued above tlnce
and a half cents per pound, five mills per pound.
Oil .-oap, fancy, scented, honey, cream, transparent, and
all deseupiions oi toilet and shaving soap, two cents per
pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committeepro-
pose no amendments to these items. The next
will be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Oil salt, foui cent" per one hundied pounds.
The.VIOEPURSIDENT. The eommitteopro-
pose to amend this item by striking out " four,"
and inserting " six."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate wil! not
agree to that amendment. I moved it in commit-
tee, but 1 hayo become satisfied it ought not to be
made. It would be very oppressive to the man-
ufacturers of salt.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On pickles and pieserved fiuits, and on all pieserved
meuu, fi'ii, and sheiMUh in cans oi air-tight packages:, live
per cent, ad iuiorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment be-
ing proposed by the committee to this item, the
next will be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On blacking and pa«te. usually called ^hoe oi hoot black-
ing, ot all descriptions,^hree pei cent, ad lalorem.
The VIC E PRESIDENT. Thecommittee pro-
pose to strike out this item.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that included in the gen-
eral clause '
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before pioceeding fur-
ther, I will mo\e to teeonsider the vote striking
out lines one hundred and ninety-six and one hun-
dred and ninety-seven, on a suggestion that has
been made to me. Those lines aie the following:
On paper of all descriptions, including pasteboard and
binder:/ bo.ud~, tlnce p';i cent, ad laloi^tn.
On looking at the clause to which I referred, at
the end of the section imposing a duty of three
per cent, ad valorem on manufactures not enu-
merated, 1 xind that tlu* manufacture of paper is
not included, and there is no duty on it at all, not
even this three percent, ad valorem. I therefoie
move to reconsidcrthe vote striking out those lines.
I think they should stand in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have my doubts about that.
I doubt whether there will be any considerable
income obtained from that tax; and it will he in
its character a sort of tax on knowledge. Those
taxes have been very much discussed in Europe,
and they are now beginning to be exploded; they
are passing away; and I think we should hesitate
long before we take them up.
Mr. POWELL. This is a tax on pasteboard.
I did not know that that was a tax on knowledge.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is on the knowledge
box. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUAINER. The item reads, " On paper of
all descriptions, including pasteboard and binders'
boards, three per cent, ad valorem." Pasteboard
and binders' boards, of course, would include the
binding of books, and would be a tax therefore
on books. My impression is, we had better put
that off, at least for the present. I should like to
put it on cigars and whisky and such things, and
take it off books.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we could each of us
follow our own particular inclinations and tax
according to our own appetite or want of appetite,
it would be a very convenient thing; but we arc
merely looking to raise revenue, and we do not
consul t knowledge or the knowledge box, or make
any particular exceptions in those cases, except
putting all things as nearly upon a level as possi-
ble. There was no reason in the world that we
could see why there should not be a tax on paper
as well as other articles. If, m the course ot time,
it turns out from experience that under a change of
eii cutnstances we can raise the necessary amount
of money on luxuries, and not on what \vr call
noee&silics, we can change it. At present it is
■ experimental, and we have not information to en-
able us to decide. There is no tax on books at all,
or any thing of that son. This material is used in
a great many othr r different ways and purposes.
AIi\ DOOL1TTLE. The next line contains a
tax on soap, which would be a tax on cleanliness.
[Laughtei.j 1 think it will hardly do, therefore,
to strike out rill these taxes.
Mr. SUMNER. I must oppose this tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will sec on
page 98j that printed books, magazines, pamphlets,
newspapers, reviews, and all other similar printed
publications aie expiessly excepted ftom any tax.
That is as large an exception as we ought to make
in favor of knowledge.
Mr. SUMNER. But then the Senator will per-
ceive that paper enteis into whatis called the man-
ufacture of the printed book.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Then he would not tax
printers' ink, I suppose. All sorts of laboi enter
into it. Everything entersindircctly into the man-
ufacture of the printed book, even the clothes the
printer wears. If we except the books, I think
we make as much exception in favor of the Sen-
ator's specially—I believe that is the word—as I
think we can affoid.
Mr. SUMNER. I say nothingof nny specialty.
The question is one ot public interest. I undm-
stand thei<i is no trade that has suffered more by
this wai than the book tiade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We except the books.
Mr. SUMNER. But then paper, as I said,
enters into the manufacture of books; and besides,
not much, it seems to me, would be gained by the
tax. It is not a very large item to the Govern-
ment, but it would be of issential benefit to the
manufacturer of books. I therefore hope the
amendment will not he reconsideted.
Air. FESSENDEN. Then why not except
also the cloth used in binding?
Mr. SUMNER. That is going too much into
detail. 1 hope, therefoie, the amendment repoi ted
by the committee to strike out these lines will be
allowed to remain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question again on the amendment, as reported
by the committee. The question is on the amend- j
ment to stnke out lines one hundred and ninety-
six and one hundred and ninety-seven, as follows:
On papei of all descriptions, including pasteboard and
binders' hoard--, thiee per cent, ad tcuorciti.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary lead the next items, as follows:
On glue and gelaune of all description^, in the solid state,
five nulls per pound.
On glye, and cement made wholly or in part of glue, to
be sold m the liquid state, twenty-five cents per gallon,
On patent or enameled leather, five mills per square foot.
On patent japanned split, used for dasher leather, four
mills pei Mjuare loot.
On patent or enameled skirting leather, one and a halt
cent per square foot.
On all sole and tough or harness leather, made from hides,
nnpoitcd east oi the Cape of Good Hope, and ail damaged
leather, five unlU per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to the items. • "
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance why it is
that there is a less tax on sole leather made from
hides that are brought from east of the Cane of
Good Hope. ^
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is much cheaper leather.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On all other sole or rough leather, hemlock tanned, eight
mills per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by striking out " eight,"
and inseiting "and harness leather, sevenso
that it will read, "on all other sole or rough
leather, hemlock tanned, and harness leather,
seven mills per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On all «ole or rough leather, tanned in whole or in part
with oak, one cent per pound.
On all finiMied oi curiu'd upper leather, except calf skins,
made from leather tanned in ihe irrteiest ol the patties fin-
ishing or currynui such leather not previously taxed in the
rough, one cent per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee hav-
ing proposed no amendment to these items, the
next will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
On bend, but, arid harness leather, one cent per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittee pro-
pose to amend this item by inserting the word
" and" after the woid " bond," and striking out
the words "and harness;" so that it will read,
" on bend and but leather, one cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On offal leather, five mills per pound.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to this item, and the next will
be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On tarred oi oil di ct,<-ed leather, two and a half cents pei
pound.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this item by striking out the words
" tarred or," and also the words " two and half,"
and inserting " and deei skins, dressed or smoked,
two;" so that it will lead, " on oil diessed leather
and deer skins, dressed or smoked, two cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to. 1
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On tanned calfskin-:, «ix cents each.
On morocco, goal, kid, or Miuep skins, euuied, manu-
faetuied, oi finished, torn per cent, nil valorem • Provided,
That ihe price at which such i-krns are usually sold shall
determine tin ir value.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thccommitteepro-
pose no amendments to these items. The next
will be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows;
On buck sLin^, tanned or dressed, two dollars per dozen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike- out thih item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secietaiy lead the next item, as follows:
On doe skins, tanned and dieted, one dollar per dozen.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Thecommittee pro-
pose to stuke out thihitem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie Secretaiy read the next item, as follows:
On deer skins dieted and smoked, s\\ cents per pound.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to stnke out this item.
Tile amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
On liorsc and hog ,-kin-; tan nod and diessed, four per cent.
ad rctlorcm.
On American patent cn!f - km-, five per cent, ad valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendments to these items. The next
will bo read.
