L-862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
ness, which is to increase from year to year very
rapidly and in an important ratio, it'wiil be ne-
cessary that we should have an expert, a learned,
a ready, and a sound admiralty judge. The pres-
ent incumbent, Judge Sway ne, who holds his court
in my district, and also in Ohio and in Indiana,
is, in every way, as I am informed by the barlf
my own State, entirely acceptable to the State.
He will administer this important Branch of the
law, I have no doubt, with skill and ability, with
a higher degree of these invaluable qualities than
we have any right to expect will be furnished to
us in the shape of some other judge who maybe
picked up in some other part of the Northwest.
I do not understand why this radical change
has been introduced. Why not adopt something
more simple, more rational, more easily under-
stood than this complicated system embraced in
the report of the committee of conference ? If I
might be allowed to make a suggestion to Sena-
tors, I would say—and I think this would meet
entirely the views of the Senator from Indiana—
why notcomhiue Ohio and Indiana and Michigan
in thesame judicial circuit? These States furnish
a geographical area of one hundred and twenty-
six thousand square miles, and a population, ac-
cording to the last census, of about four million
and a half; but they are all comparatively old
States,and population in those States is increasing
by no means so rapidly as it is in the more west-
ern and northwestern States. Then why not,as
another circuit, include Illinois, Missouri, and
Kansas, with a geographical area of two hundred
and twenty-eight thousand square miles, and a
E resent population of a little over three million,
ut rapidly increasing. That population will in-
crease in the course of ten years to four or five or
five and a half million souls. I would suggest
that the next circuit be constituted of Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota- There there is ageograph-
ical area of three hundred and sixty-seven thou-
sand square miles, and a population of nearly two
million; but this population in the course of ten
yeais will undoubtedly bodoubled,und even more;
for it is a general rule, I behove, which prevails
throughout the new western States, that theirpop-
ulation doubles in about ten years.
Now, sir, for these reasons, because thcie are
great and unnecessary inequalities and dispropor-
tions in the circuits as arranged by the committee
of conference, because this report separates my
own State from Oiifb, and sends us into a circuit
and connects us with States with which we have
comparatively little commeicial connection, and
comparatively ft:w commercial transactions, I op-
pose this report. 1 desire that my State may re-
main connected with Ohio for judicial purposes.
We have no fault to find with our sister States of
Illinois and "Wisconsin; but in point of fact our
commercial interests connected with those States
are comparatively small, while they are great and
constant and constantly increasing with the State
of Ohio> I shall, therefore, move that (his repoit.
be nou-comau led in, and ask for another commit-
tee of conference upon this subject, so that we
may arrive at something that shall be reasonable
:md satisfactory, as I have no doubt the plan I
have sketched would be to all the people and all
the States of the Northwest; and I thank my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittlk] mosLsineerely
for the suggestions he has made, and the aid he
has rendciud me in my endeavors to bring about
an arrangement of these circuits in the manner I
have indicated. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe the population
of Wisconsin ten years ago was about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand. Now it is seven hun-
dred and seventy thousand. That State has trebled
its population in ten years; so with the State of
Iowa. So undoubtedly it will he with the State
of Minnesota. By the end of the next ten years
the pi obability is that Wisconsin, Iowa, and Min-
nesota will be very nearly as populous as either
of the other circuits; and more than all that, there
is Dakota lying west of Minnesota, which will have
to come m wuhin the next ten years and be an-
nexed to a circuit, and very probably Nebraska,
which lies adjoining Missouri and Kansas, and
which miglu be annexed to that circuit, and which
bojore the ten years elapsed would make a cir-
cuit, composed of Illinois, Missouri, and Kansas,
with Nebiaska attached,as populous as Ohio, In-
diana, and Michigan. So, tpo, would the circuit j
of Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, and Dakota, if
that come in, be as populous as either of them,
probably. \
.Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan, it seems, desire
very much to remain together in one circuit. Their
businessand theirussociationsbind them together.
So, too, with Illinois, Missouri, and Kansas; their
railroads and .-their interests bind (hem together.'
A man from Missouri or Kansas, if lie goes east
to New York, passes through Illinois. So, to a
very great extent, it is with Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, and Iowa; our railroads run together; we
are the same class of people; we live in much the
samelatitude; we have the same kind of business,
and more than that, we have precisely the same
practice in the courts. I have not the slightest
doubt that if Kentucky is to go with the southern
circuit, as recommended by the committee, and
you are to make up your three circuits north of
the Ohio and west of the Mississippi, the circuits
as proposed by my friend from Michigan would
be the best. Laying aside all questions about who
is going to be judge or anything of that kind, and
coming right down honestly to the business trans-
actions of the people, there is no doubt that the
States clustered in this way would be best in form-
ing the circuits; Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana ly-
ing together, with a little over four million people;
Illinois, Missouri, and Kansas, which within ten
years will have the four million, when the State
beyond, Nebraska, will be admitted. Wisconsin
has trebled its population in ten years, and so has
Iowa, and Minnesota doubtless will, and with
Dakota next upon the west, which must come in
in the course of ten years, that circuit will be
equal to the lest in population. In the courts of
the United States in Michigan and Wisconsin, the
admiralty business is very large indeed. I am dis-
posed to favor the views expressed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is to he regretted that we
have so fow Senators present to settle a question
of so much importance and interest. This ques-
tion has to bo met, and I am sorry that my friend
from Wisconsin has introduced the subject of
judges, lie cei tainly dues not design any pai t of
that to apply to Indiana, whose delegation on this
door and in the other i louse are u nan i mo us in fa-
vor of remaining with Ohio where there is a judge.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. I am willing that you
should.
Mr. WRIGHT. There ought to be a solid vote
for this report; but there is a mystery about the
opposition to tliis measure which I wish Senators
to explain to me. The bill passed the Senate with
only live dissenting votes, making Ohio, Indiana,
and Michigan one circuit. I believe one, if not
both of the Kentucky Senators voted for that. For
some reason the members in the lower House from
Kentucky, and a portion from Illinois, opposed
the arrangement made by the bill. The Senator
from Michigan knows that 1 was perfectly willing,
as I am, to have his State remain with ours m the
same circuit, but I can tell him the reason why it
could not be so. In thatciicuit there are four and
one half million people, while you have only ten
million to divide into three circuits. My venera-
ble friend from Vermont was one of the commit-
tee of conference, so was the Senator from New
Jersey, and it was the unanimous vote of the com-
mittee that you must divide this population; that
you could not be governed by territory. I was
anxious to place these three States together, and
1 voted to keep Michigan with us; but you cannot
do it when you have ten million people to divide
among three circuits. You cannot get any fair
committee, who, taking these ten million foi tlnee
circuits, will put four million and a half in one
circuit. Then the question comes up, how will
you settle it? if you reject this report you will be
at sea again, and it may be hopeless to expect the
bill to pass.
So far as the action of the Senate and House of
Representatives is concerned, there was one thing
agreed upon by both—that the four States west of
the Mississippi river, Missouu, Kansas, Iowa,
and Minnesota, should go together. Now, it is
proposed by the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Wisconsin to divide these Slates,
to take Missouri and attach her to Illinois. If
we do that, we shall get into another row. Lot
me tell Senators that they get this bill or none.
There are four States that have never had a cir- j|
cuit judge, Minnesota, Kansas, Wisconsin, and I;
Iowa. This question has been upforsix months;
and you have had a .committee of conference that
now makes a unanimous report. • I must correct
my friend from Michigan in one thing-. He cer-
tainly could not have meani to say that h,e had a .
right to go before the committee of conference.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not say so.
Mr. WRIGHT. I certainly conversed, with
the Senator three days ago, and so did the Senator
from Vermont, and we told the members of the
committee that Michigan was opposed to this'ar-
rangement; but we could not make any compro-
mise that would place her with us.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from In-
diana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WRIGHT. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask the Senator
from Indiana at what time and by whom was I
ever informed of this arrangement of the judicial
circuits. I deny that any human being ever com-
municated to meanythingwhateverrespecting the
scheme of division whichis embraced in this report.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator does not under-
stand me. I did not know until the 'committee
met what they wanted.
Mr. HOWARD. But the Senator speaks of my
having been called upon by himself and by the
Senator from Vermont, and that I conversed with
them aboutjt.
Mr. WRlGHT. I understood that the Sena-
tor was opposed to this arrangement. I was will-
ing to keep his State in with Ohio and Indiana,
but the committee took the ten million population
in the northwestern States, and did not see any
way of dividing them fairly so as to keep these
three States together. They have done what is
best, making a division which gives my circuit the
largest population, because it is composed of the
oldest States.
This bill cannot be passed, in my judgment,
with any divisions which are now suggested. Such
are the elements of opposition to it either in the
other House or here, that any other division than
that contained in the report will be defeated. The
question has been pending for six months; both
Houses have acted; here is areport of a commit-
tee ufiei a fioe conference, a unanimous report,
proposing to include in the cncuits States which
have never had a circuit court. The question is,
shall they have them? I should be perfectly will-
ing, as 1 have already said, to put Michigan in
our circuit, but the committee decided otherwise;
the House decided otherwise; and now the ques-
tion is, whether you shall have any bill at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I am myself less easily dis-
couraged than the Senator from Indiana in refer-
ence to this matter. 1 believe that we can pass
this bill in the manner suggested by me, or in some
manner which shall be satisfactory to all the States,
and the people of all the States concerned, by a
littjp consultation. By a little exchange of views
between one and another, getting together and
talking n over, I think we can come to an arrange-
ment, and that speedily, if we are only courageous
and have confidence in ourselves and confidence
in those with whom we are associated here. I do
not think Senators or Representatives from the
west side of the Mississippi arc so perverse as not
to listen to those who come fiom the east side of
the river, nor do I think those who are from the
east side will refuse to listen to the reasonable re-
quests of those who reside on the west side of that
father of waters. We are neighbors, we are friends,
socially and commercially, and we intend to re-
main so.
But I do object to this unreasonable division of
tenitoiy. The Senator ftom Indiana tells us that
the basis of this report is the existing population
of about ten million souls, that that population has
been divided by the committee, and that their re-
port embraces the division. Now,sir, such a divis-
ion upon the actual existing population is an un-
reasonable division; because he knows as well as
I, as well asevery gentleman here knows, that the
population m the new States, either east or west
of the Mississippi, is perpetually and rapidly in-
creasing, and that the population of to-day is by no
means the population of next year, or five years
hence, or ten years hence; and he sees or must
see as plainly as I that these circuits, lying the
one east of the Mississippi, including Illinois, W is-
consin, and Michigan, will in a lew years very
gieatly outnumber in population Ohio and Indiana
united, probably double that population; and he
must see that the population of his ninth circuit,
