1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
: proportion of free blacks that now exists was
greatly increased.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for his explanation; and yet I beg
leave very respectfully to differ from him in rela-
tion to the fact which he has stated. In my opin-
ion, these feelings are not excited by the laboring
men. I see laboring white men standing side by
side with laboring negroes in the District seeking
for jobs, for employment 
Mr. KENNEDY. The Senator will allow me
to say light there that I employ both classes, and
one of the troubles that I have is to restrain that
very feeling. I speak from experience.
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think that
any improper results which might grow out of
this prejudice could be readily controlled by that
part of the community enjoying high social and
official position, like the Senator from Maryland
and the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Delaware, who has spoken to-day. What
is the inference to be drawn by the less reflecting
from this statement made in this discussion. They
declare " if you liberate slaves, allow them to be-
come fiee, the frSe white people will rise and ex-
terminate them;" and, is not the inference legiti-
mate that it would, in the opinion of the speaker,
be proper for this to be done? Is it not indirectly
saying to every laboring white man of Maryland,
" you may murder indiscriminately those that
come in conflict with your interests, in competi-
tion with you in the various avocations of life?"
You say to them " you will do so;" you say to
this entire population in this District, " you will
arise and murder the free colored people if we set
a few more free;" anil this statement thus far has
not been accompanied even with so much as a re-
gret at the supposed existence of such vindictive-
ness. Sir, the slaveholders of Maryland control
its legislation; those that hold slaves in nearly all
the slave States control the legislation of those
States, and they control, to a fearful extent, the
Opinion of the masses; and they can as readily
give to public opinion the right as the wrong di-
rection; thejr can as readily conform it to the plain
principles of a christianized humanity as to de-
grade it to the standard which controls the policy
of communities in a savage condition.
Why, sir, I know a people not many hundred
miles from my own home that are to-day engaged
ill a war of extermination. The Chippewas and
the Sioux never meet each other on the plains,
but to murder and massacie each other. A war
of extermination with all the vmdictiveness and
atrocities common to savage life, is in progress.
They meet only to imbrue their hands 111 their
brothers' blood.
Mr. KENNEDY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make to him a single statement in
further answer to the question he put iust now?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. One of the worst riots we
have had in Baltimore for many years arose from
the fact that free negroes were employed in the
ship-yards as caulkers. They came in competi-
tion with a class of men who had before aone
work of that sort, who determined to diive them
out of those yards, and from that cause a tremend-
ous riot ensued. I do notcven now know whether
a single free negro is allowed to work in the ship-
yards. I here is a feeling against them on the part
of a class of people who regard them as interfer-
ing with their own exclusive privilege to do work
of that sou themselves.
Mr. HARLAN. And in that I see an expla-
nation of the suggestion I made. Of course the
Senator's knowledge of fact?? existing in his own
State, and in the metropolis of that State, is better
than mine. I will not dispute the truth of his
statement; but he winds it up by saying thateven
now he does not know that a " free negro " is per-
mitted to work in the yards of that city; and why?
Because the owners of the slaves cultivate this
prejudice for the purpose of driving out the free
negroes who come in competition with their own
slave hands, so frequently hired out for wages to
be placed in their owners' pockets.
Mr. KENNEDY. The slave interest of the
Stale of Maryland, I may be allowed to say, is a
very small one—seventeen thousand altogether.
That interest does not prevail anywhere >n Mary-
land except in the tide-water counties. The Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken in supposingthat it pre-
vails in Maryland. It is in a minority.
Mr. HARLAN. As to the fact, of course the
Senator's knowledge is more peifect than mine
could be. I have in my hand, however, a state-
ment furnished me by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, which gives the number of slaves in
Maryland as eighty-seven thousand one hundred
and eighty-eight.
Mr. KENNEDY. Yes, sir. _
Mr. HARLAN. I know the institution isgo-
ing down in Maryland; it is sinking under the
quiet influence of emigration from the free States
and enlightened public opinion; but even in Ma-
ryland the slaveholding portion of the community
controls its legislation, controls public opinion,
and stimulates and sustains the savage doctrines
which we have heard advanced on this floor from
their Senators—I use the word with respect; but
I illustrate it by the example I have just cited.
As I have said, among the savages on our west-
ern plains, wars of extermination are going on
day by day; these tribes are melting away by this
vindictive and savage strife, which they keep up
between bclligeient tribes. Now, is it possible
that Senators will teach the Senate and the coun-
try and the Christian world that the people of
Maryland are not elevated in civilization above
the condition of the Chippewas and Sioux; that
there, too, we have hundreds of thousands of sav-
ages with white skins who will immediately com-
mence a war of extermination—on whom? On men
with whom they have lived their lives through,
men who were born with them on the same soil,
men who were brought up with them under the
same roof, who played with them in childhood on
the same grounds; who did not accompany them
to the same schools for they have been excluded
from the means of mental culture, who did not
accompany them to the same church for they
have been excluded also from a high order of re-
ligious culture.
Mr. KENNEDY. Dops the honorable Sena-
tor mean to apply that remark to Maryland?
Mr. HARLAN. I am applying to Maryland
the doctrines the Senator has advanced to-day.
He says that in Maryland, if the slaves be set free,
the white population will arise and massacre the
entire colored population. If the people of Mary-
land will do this savage act, they are not to-day
elevated above the condition of the Chippewas and
the Sioux; no, they are below the civilization of
those savages, because they murder theirenemies,
not their friends, their servants, and the people of
their own households.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to make a statement.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. I think the Senator entirely
misapprehends the scope of my remarks, and I
desire to say here now, that we have some of the
best regulated and best established churches and
schools for negroes in the city of Baltimore that
are to be found in the United States. We have,
further than that, highly educated men who were
slaves who are preaching to the free colored peo-
ple of Baltimore. I have this day in my family a
manumitted slave who has the privilege of teach-
ing school. A manumitted slave of my own fam-
ily is with me now, and is a teacher of a school.
There is no restriction whatever in Maryland
upon education of any sort in regard to the col-
ored population.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire at the heel
of that remark of the Senator if lie has any dis-
position to murder them?
Mr. KENNEDY. None whatever; but there
is a natural opposition that exists between two
antagonist races of people; and the colored race
has been protected by the well ordered and well
regulated people of my State, men, like myself
and other gentlemen who represent the State, who
are struggling everywhere to prevent the domi-
nance of a rule that might be exercised by an
antagonistic class.
Mr. HARLAN. And if the Senator does not
feel a savage disposition to murder his freed man,
does he say that the mass of the slaveholders of
his State are less civilized than himself?
Mr. KENNEDY. Not one particle more than
the people of the gentleman's own country seem
disposed to murder the white people of my sec-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. Then, if neither he nor his
fellow-slaveholders in Maryland now entertain
such a disposition, I apprehend that no such cruel
result will flow from the liberation of slaves that
do not live in his own State, but live under a dif-
ferent jurisdiction. No, sir; these Senators have
misrepresented their own people; they are not the
savages they have portrayed on this floor. I
doubt not they are in possession of all the ele-
ments of humanity, a humanity that has been
cultivated highly, cultivated well, and that they
would be as far from murdering colored men,
merely because they are free, as would I or the
people whom I represent.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me a
word ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman certainly miscon-
ceives or misrepresents the argument that I made.
The position I assumed, and which I endeavored,
to sustain by argument was this: that if slaves
were liberated in States where they exist in great
numbers, without colonization, it would give rise
to a war of races that would lead to the results
which the gentleman is now deprecating; and I
maintain that that is a true position.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that that might possibly
be brought about through the teachings of such
gentlemen as those who now represent these States
on this floor. They declare on the floor of the
American Senate in the face of a Christian nation,
in the face of two hundred millions of Christians
now living on the earth, that if men are to beliber-
ated from a slavery that is more gallinganddegrad-
ing than any that has ever existed on the face of
the earth from thecommencement of time down to
this moment, their people will rise and murder the
poor freed men. They say so without express-
ing so much as a regret. They declare it as a
prophecy. They thus inculcate its rightfulness.
They thus teach their people, that in their opin-
ion this wholesale murder would be right, or at
least, the result of a weakness to be tolerated.
They thus approve and justify this savage feel-
ing—if it exists; but, sir, it does not exist; I will
defend the people of Kentucky, of Maryland, of
Delaware, and of this District, from any such
slanderous aspersion. They entertain no such
purpose on their part as the indiscriminate murder
of the colored population, if they should become
free. I doubt not but that the public sentiment that
now exists, induced by the slaveholders them-
selves, in the States to which I have referred, is
bitterly opposed to the liberation of the slaves; but
if these slaves should be set free, it will be effected
by their own Legislatures; and if thus set free, no
such savage war would arise. Nor is it probable
that their liberation by the exercise of arbitrary
power, of which there is not the slightest appre-
hension on the part of these Senators themselves,
could such an historical anomaly be produced.
The Senator from Massachusetts very aptly
inquired of Senators who have rung the changes
on this supposed calamity, to inform the Senate
when such a wholesale murder ever commenced
between members of the same community on ac-
count of race? Can any Senator put his hand on
the page of history that records it? None have,
and none can. You say that if two races are
thrown together as freemen, they will necessarily
engender a war of extermination. Such a war
never did commence between two races of free
people; and until the laws of the human mind and
the human heart change, never will. You cannot
point to any great people that has ever existed
that has not been composed to a greater or less ex-
tent of, so called, different races. You may refer
to any of the great empires of antiquity—the Chal-
dean, the Persian, the Assyrian, the Grecian, and
the Roman empires, and you will find that they
each embraced people of every kindred, tongue,
and race, and from every clime. It has been so
of every highly enlightened and prosperous peo-
ple since civilization dawned. It is so now of the
most polished and powerful nations of Europe
and Asia. In proof, I need but cite the British and
French empires. To say that men of different,
so called, races are natural enemies to each other,
and will commence and wage a war of extermi-
nation when brought into contact, is a libel on
humanity. It is a libel on the Author of the hu-
man race. The Almighty never implanted such
feelings in the human heart. They never have
been cultivated by an enlightened people. Wars
of extermination exist only among savages; and
with them only between belligerent tribes.
But I was drawn away from the argument of
