836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
Mr. HARLAN. I would not be misunderstood
as proposing or advocating the propriety of arm-
ing slaves indiscriminately, and turning them on
to even rebel society, to destroy unarmed citizens.
If used they should be governed. I perceive no
good reason for excluding them from the provis-
ions of this bill. If employed,they should be
regularly mustered into the service—they should
be organized, officered, and subjected t<^ military
discipline.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 9 The Senator
from Iowa will suspend his remarks. The morn-
ing hour having passed, it is imperative on the
Chair to call for the consideration of the special
order of the day.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone it for the pur-
pose of disposing of this question.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust not. I hope this thing
will stop for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in relation to the Kansas
contested scat. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire moves to postpone that 
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion, as that
seems to be the desire of the Senate.
SENATOll FROM KANSAS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That James H. Lane is not entitled to a seat
in this body.
Resolved, That Frederic P. Stanton is^entitled to a seat
in this body.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Clarktoamend thefirstresolution by striking
out the word l< not."
Mr. SUMNER. As this discussion is going on
I wish to call attention to two cases which it seems
to me bear positively on an important point. I did
not refer to them the other day when I addressed
the Senate; I wish now simply to refer to them as
supplementary to what I then said. The question,
it will be remembered, was when a person became
a member of this body, so as to create an incom-
patibility with another office, it being argued that
General Lane became a member of this body as
soon as he had been elected by the Legislature of
Kansas, to which I replied that he did not become a
member until he had appeared and qualified him-
self by taking the necessary oath. 1 now call atten-
tion to two cases; the first that of Charles Ham-
mond vs. Samuel Herrick,ofOhio,in the Fifteenth
Congress, firstsession, which will be found in the
volume of Contested Elections, page 287. The
marginal note is as follows:
" Tlic sitting member was elected to Confess in Octo-
ber, 1816, being then in commission as dbtiict attorney of
the United States; on the 29th of November, 1817, lie re-
signed Ins office of district attorney, and on the l.«t day of
December following took his beat in Congress. It was de-
cided that he was not rendered incapable of being a member
of the House bv reason of his having held saufoffice aflet
the 4th ot March, and until the 529th of Novembet, 1817.
The next case is that of Elias Earle, of South
Carolina, which will be found in the same volume,
page 314. The marginal note is as follows:
" Continuing to execute the duties of an office under the
United States aftei one is eleetcd to Congress, but bcfoio he
takes his seat, is not a disqualification; such office being
resigned pnoi to the taking of the seat."
Mr. STANTON. Mr. President, if it is en-
tirely agreeable to the Senate, I will now take ad-
vantage of the privilege that has been given mo of
addressing the body m defense of my light to a
seat on the floor. I understand that I have that
privilege at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The gentle-
man is entitled to the floor under the vote of the
Senate.
Mr. STANTON. Although, Mr. President,
in the view which I take of this case, I was enti-
tled some months ago to occupy a scat as a mem-
ber of the Senate, lam not the less profoundly
grateful for the opportunity which the Senate has
given mc to appear at the present time, and that
obligation will be greatly increased if individual
Senators will do me .the favor and the justice to
lisfen attentively to the brief exposition which I
shall endeavor to make of the facts and the law of
the case, as I understand them.
It has been argued by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] that, in spite
of the clause in the Constitution prohibiting any
officeholder under the United State from being a
member of either House of Congress, a member
elected, after his election may accept an office,
and hold it until the time of taking his seat in
this body; and it is argued that such a person is
not a member of the body until after he has been
sworn and taken his seat. I have studied all the
precedents in reference to this point. They go
to the extent of th.ose read by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and no further, that a person
holding an office under the United States may be
elected a member of either House of Congress;
for it must be noticed that the language of the
Constitution is, " no person holding an office un-
der the United States shall be a member of either
House;" not that a member of either House may
not be appointed to an office, but thathe shall not
be a member of the House while he is an officer.
The precedents go to this extent, that an office-
holder being elected to Congress, his membeiship
is in abeyance until he declines the office held by
him, and accepts the membership of either House
of Congress. To that extent they go, and no
further; but there is no authority, no case, no
precedent to the effect that a member elected, es-
pecially after having chosen to accept the position
to which he is elected, can be appointed to an
office under the Government of the United States
without affecting the membership which has been
conferred upon him by the election.
It is said that a member elect has the privilege
offranking;and it is admitted in this case that that
privilege was exercised by the sitting member.
What does that imply? Not that he had been
sworn and taken his seat, not that he had all the
rights of membership, but the use of the franking
privilege necessarily implies that he had chosen
to be a member ofthe Senate to which he had been
elected. He has made his election, and as the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has shown,
having once made the election it is made fovever.
I refer to this privilege of franking or^y for the
purpose of showing that the Senator elect who
exercises that privilege has made the election to
accept the office of Senator. If he afterwards
accepts another office incompatible with it, he ne-
cessarily declines the character even of a member
elect. After being elected a member, taking an-
other office, he can no longer even have the priv-
ileges of a member elect; he is a member for no
purposes whatever.
Now, I put it to the honorable Senatoi4 from
Massachusetts, whether, in the discussion and
decision of this question, all consideration of the
objects and purposes for which that provision of
the Constitution was adopted is to be overlooked ?
What was the object of that provision of the Con-
stitution? It is admitted on all hands to be the
exclusion of the influence of executive patronage.
Suppose, then, that the President of the United
States, immediately after the election of members
of the Senate, who may sometimes be elected one
or two years before they take their seats, should
exercise the power, in spite of this clause of the
Constitution, to confer office, emolument, power
upon them; that in the interim between their elec-
tion and taking their seats, from the 4th of March
to December, they may be clothed with this power
and patronage at the hands of the Executive, and
lay it down only when they come to take their
seats in the Senate of the United States; 1 ask, sir,
whether this proceeding would not be directly in
the teeth of that provision of the Constitution, if
you are to take into consideration the design for
which this principle was adopted?
Mr. President, I proceed to other points in this
case, and it presents itself in two general aspects;
the one refers to the private, individual rights,
privileges, and advantages of the sitting member;
and the other to the rights and interests of the
public, the people, and Government of the United
States, and ofthe State of Kansas. The princi-
ples which apply to the case in these two aspects
arc entirely distinct,as I shall endeavor to show,
but not at all conflicting, as I think I shall be able
to demonstrate in the course of my remarks. I
suppose it will not be denied that every member
of this body has an individual personal right to
the advantages which belong to his membership.
Thry are his property; they belong to him as an
individual. Although I admit that "public consid-
erations are also to be taken into consideration,
and to have an influence in the decision of this
question, yet if it be true that the member has any
personal individual rights in his'membership, all
the principles which apply to cases between man
and man as to rights of property or any other kind
of rights apply as well in this case as to those. If
this proposition be true, then, sir, it is perfectly
plain that when a member of this body assumes to
take upon himself an office under the United States,
represents himself to be an officer of the United
States, acts as an officer of the United States, upon
every principle of law he is estopped from after-
wards denying that he was such an officer and
acted in such capacity. He is equally estopped
from denying the validity of his appointment or
the existence of the office which he assumes to
exercise, which he represents himself as actually
possessing. I will not undertake to quote author-
ities for a principle so plain as this. Every man
who knows anything of law will admit it without
hesjtation as to the mere personal and individual
rights of the sitting member of the Senate.
In order to show the application of this prin-
ciple in the peculiar facts of this case, I must be
permitted to refer to thp circumstances and to re-
count the facts as they took place, not merely with
a view to make the argument which I shall pred-
icate upon them, but also to justify myself in the
course which I have taken throughout this whole
contest.
I was engaged, sir, about the 1st of July lastin
business altogether of a different character. I was
about to go to a distant part of the country. I
had paid my passage in the stage, and was then
traveling on my way to meet the stage, when the
Governor of the State met me and presented to
me the proclamation, signed with General Lane's
name as brigadier general, that which was read
during the remarks of the Senator from Connec-
ticut, commencing with the declaration that he
had been appointed a brigadier general by the
President of the United States, and calling upon
the people of the State to enlist in the Army for
the defense of the country. The Governor sug-
gested to me that the acceptance of this office by
the sitting member vacated his seat in the Senate.
I at once assented, and he tendered to me the
appointment which I have presented here. I re-
quested the Governor, however, to defer action
until I could ascertain the truth of the statements
contained in that proclamation. Accordingly, I
immediately telegraphed to the Secretary of War
to know the facts, and in a few days received his
reply, which I will be obliged to the Secretary to
read to the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
United States Military Telegraph.
Received July 1,1801, from Lawrence, J une 28, via Leav-
enworth :
To Hon. Simon Cameron :
Is Lane appointed a biigadier general ? Has he accepted
it? It is importantX should know. I await your answer.
FBEDEltIC P. STANTON.
I certify that the above is a tiue copy of paper on file in
the office ofthe Secretary of War.
WILLIAM B. LEA,
Clerk, War Department.
Washington, July 2,1861.
To F. JP. Stanton, Lawrence, Kansas,via Leavenworth:
Lane is appointed, and has. accepted.
SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.
I certify that the above is a true copy of paper on file in
the office of Secretary of War.
WILLIAM B. LEA.
Cleik, War Department.
Official copy of original.
Attest, JAMES LESLEY, Jr.,
Chief Clerk, War Department.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. President, it was not
until I had been assured through the telegraph by
the Secretary of War that General Lane had been
appointed brigadier general in the volunteer forces
of the United States, and had accepted that ap-
pointment, that I consented to accept the commis-
sion which the Governor of the State tendered to
me. I state here to the Senate now that I had not
the slightest expectation of finding General Lane
in his seat in the Senate when I started from Kan-
sas. I had not seen any statement in the papers
to that effect. If I had supposed that I was com-
ing here to undertake the long contest in which I
have been engaged, I should have declined to have
anything to do with it, whatever might have been
my opinion in reference to the circumstances of
the case; and, sir, I have no hesitation in saying
now, as I said at the last session, that if when I
came here General Lane had distinctly repudi-
