1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
should have the benefit of the drawback upon it
when it was exported in a manufactured state. I
do not know but that that would be the best way
to accomplish the purpose. It is for the Senate
to judge. If the Senate conclude to put a tax on
cotton, they will of course agree, I presume, that
there shall be no drawback on the raw cotton ex-
ported, and they will agree, too, that there shall
be a drawback on that same cotton when manufac-
tuied,inorderto protectourselves. Toimposethis
tax would violate the piinciple of the bill, and per-
haps it may be advisable to violate it in this par-
ticular instance, as the House of Representatives
did. It is for the Senate to judge. I confess it
is a matter about which I have had very great
doubt.
There is another thing to be considered in ref-
erence to the political state of the country. The
raising of cotton will be for some years, I sup-
pose, in rather a bad condition after we succeed in
getting back the cotton States, and they return to
their allegiance. The business of cotton raising
will be in rather a depressed condition for some
years, probably, until it gets up to its former
standard; and therefore it was thought advisable
not to put any particular burden upon it at the
present time. The Senate will judge how far this
consideration has any force.
These, I believe, are all the considerations that
apply to it. We ought not to burden the raw ma-
terial of our manufacturers, and at the same time
give foreigners the advantage. That is very evi-
dent. If we put this duty on we must not allow
the drawback on cotton when exported in its raw
state. The Senate will see precisely how the ques-
tion stands. It is not a matter which I feel dis-
posed to argue at length.
Mr. ANTHONY. I judge from what the Sen-
ator from Maine says, that the committee saw no
constitutional difficulty m imposing a tax on cot-
ton and not allowing a drawback on its exporta-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should think that would
be the best mode of disposing of the subject, for
then we should make foreign countries pay a very
large portion of the interest on our debt, and some
of them certainly ought to do so.
Mr.TIKJMBCJLL. I certainly hope this amend-
ment will not prevail. I think, of all other articles,
we should tax cotton. There are several reasons
for it. We produce that article more cheaply in
this country than in any other. It is true, a good
portion of the cotton crop is exported, but the lay-
ing of a small tax upon it will not prevent its ex-
portation. We can afford to do so, and I think
there is no such constitutional difficulty as was
suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island. It
seems to me very clear that we may lay a tax
upon cotton and it will not be an export duty,
because we lay the tax not upon the cotton that
is exported simply, but upon all cotton, and the
duty has to be paid, of one cent per pound, I be-
lieve, as the bill passed the House of Representa-
tives. That one cent a pound is to be paid whether
the cotton is exported or not; it does not depend
upon the exportofit; but ifit wasonc centa pound
upon such cotton as was exported, that might be
an export duty. This is not a tax for the pui-
pose of obtaining a duty from the export of the
article, because the same revenue is paid whether
it is exported or not. Nor is cotton, in the shape
that it is spoken of in this bill, exactly a raw ma-
terial. We tax twisted tobacco.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not tax the leaf
tobacco.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is twisted tobacco ?
Just the leaves dried, and the stem taken out and
twisted by hand.
Mr. ANTHONY. Cotton is ginned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cotton is ginned. It goes
through, I think, a much greater process to pre-
pare it for market. In fact, this ginningis done
by machinery. There is realiy a manufacture of
the raw material to prepare the article formaiket,
and I think a manufacture to a much greater ex-
tent than that of tobacco in the twist form. You
simply take out the stem of the tobacco after the
leaves are in a certain state, and twist it up by
hand; whereas to prepare your cotton it has to be
ginned and baled before it is ready for market.
1 think we might state with propriety in this
clause, in case it should be retained in the bill,
that a tax of one cent a pound should be laid upon
all "ginnedcotton held or owned by any person
or persons,"&c.
Now, sir, of all the provisions in the bill, I
should regret most to see this one imposing a tax
upon cotton stricken out. It is the very article,
it seems to me, for a thousand reasons that might
be given, upon which the burden of taxation
should fall.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would you allow a draw-
back?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be opposed to a
drawback upon cotton, and I am opposed to it
upon tobacco too. I would not allow a drawback
upon any article which is exported, unless it be
one that we cannot export in case the tax is levied
upon it before it is exported. In such a case,
where an article was raised in this country which
entered into consumption in other countries and
was exported to a considerable extent, which was
also raised in other countries, and where the ex-
port trade would cease in case it was subjected to
any burdens here, there would be a reason for al-
lowing a drawback; but I do not understand that
to be the case with tobacco, and I am quite sure it
is not the case with cotton. Therefore, I trust that
this provision of the bill will not be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think with the Senator
from Illinois we ought to keep this tax in. I voted
for it in the committee. I believe we were about
equally divided there, and therefore the report of
the committee amounts to nothing as indicative of
the sense of the committee. Cotton is really a manu-
factured article just as much as whisky. In the pro-
cess of separating the seed, of ginningit, of baling
it, and preparing it for market, there is just about
as much labor bestowed upon the article of cotton
after it is produced as there is in converting com
into whisky, so that I think you may tax cotton
upon the principle of considering it, when baled
and prepared for commerce, as an article of man-
ufacture. It is true, it is a vegetable production,
and so are very many articles that you have taxed
in this bill; and the processes gone through in
changing the article from its etude state, ginning
it, baling it, preparing it, I think make it fairly a
manufactured article,so thatit may be fairly taxed
as a manufactured article without discriminating
against it or selecting cotton as a raw production,
in one sense, too, it is a raw production, for there
is no foreign substance mixed with it; but yet it
is a tnanufactuied production, because after it is
taken from the field it must be worked over, must
be ginned, and passes through two or three pro-
cesses.
When our country is restored, as I hope it will
be after this war is over,the annual production of
cotton will probably be increased rather than di-
minished, because the stock on hand is almost
exhausted. Last year the amount of production
was three million one hundred and twenty-seven
thousand five hundred and sixty-eight bales,
equal to twelve hundred and fifty-one million
twenty-seven thousand two hundred pounds. A
tax of one cent a pound on that would yield
$12,510,272. It is about the only tax that will
be paid in the southern States. All the rest of
these taxes are in the nature of taxes on manu-
factures, which will be paid chiefly in the north-
ern States, or taxes on whisky and tobacco and
agricultural productions of the western States,
and I never could see any reason why there
should not be a reasonable tax put upon cotton.
1 would not select out the productions of the
southern country simply because it is in a st te
of rebellion now, and tax them oppressively; on
the other hand, I would rathei avoid putting any
taxes on them as the cotton States are not repre-
sented here: but we are bound to legislate for
them, and legislating for them as I would for my
own constituents, I think it but right to say that
their productions shall yield the same revenue as
our own, and I see no objection to this tax.
In regard to the difficulty with respcct to our
own manufacturers, there must be an amendment
made to the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives, so as to refuse the drawback on
expoited cotton; otherwise it would be a discrim-
ination against our own manufacturers to the
extent of one cent a pound. But that can very^
easily he provided for by the simple insertion of
a word m a section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have to go further
than that. You have to allow them the duty on
law cotton as well as on everything that goes into
the manufacture; not only the three per cent, that
is put on the manufactured article, but the addi-
tional cent a pound on the cotton as a drawback.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would put the
American manufacturer on a precise footing with
the foreign manufacturer if we inserted the words
"except cotton," in section one hundred and
eleven, so as to make itread, " thatfrom and after
the date on which this act takes effect, there shall
be an allowance or drawback on all articles ex-
ported except cotton." I think that puts them on
a footing of equality; then both our own manu-
facturers and the British manufacturers would pay
a tax of one cent; and then with such modifica-
tions of the tariff law as will be necessary in order
to make the foreign manufacturer pay on the man-
ufactured articles a corresponding duty with the
tax imposed by this bill on domestic articles, I
think it will leave the foreignand domestic manu-
facturer on precisely the same footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In conversation with a
gentleman who is perfectly familiar with this whole"
subject, I learn one great difficulty in this matter,
which is a difficulty in reference to the manufac-
tures of cotton in the eastern States. He says that
if you lay this duty in these terms, it will operate
very unequally, and so unequally as to stop what
are called the coarse manufactures; for though the
duty is the same on all cotton, the cotton is of
very different degrees and different values and
different prices, and it requires a larger quantity
of some cotton than of others to produce a yard.
From coarse cotton they manufacture coarse
goods, which they sell for six or eight cents a.
yard. Out of other cotton they manufacture much
finer goods, which command a higher price. The
resujt of this duty would be, in practice, that on
coarse goods which sell for a low price, the tax
would be fifteen or twenty per cent., while on the
finer goods it would be a very small percentage.
That is the judgment of the gentleman to whom
I refer; and I have no doubt it is given with entire
honesty. He would not give any but a correct
opinion, such as he really entertains. A very large
number of the mills in New England are engaged
in making coarse cotton goods, and the effect of
this tax would be that they could not stand the
competition. They could not continue to manu-
facture and sell, for they could not make the ad-
dition to the price that would be necessary to
compensate for the tax, and the burden would be
so heavy as to entirely stop their operations, if
this tax is put on in addition to the three percent.
That is the argument;and the Senate will sre that
the tax is one cent a pound without reference to
the quality.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That could be remedied
by having it one cent a pound on cotton of the
value of twenty cents, if you please, and one and
a half on that of thirty cents. That would obviate
the objection so far as there is a difference in the
quality of the cotton.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if this provision is
retained, the bill should be altered in other re-
spects to correspond, and there should be a reduc-
tion on the manufactured cottons to correspond
with the amount of tax on the raw material. But
the provision that the Senator from Illinois sug-
gests, I think, would not meet the case, because
the difference in tax upon the manufactured arti-
cle does not depend so much upon the difference
in the price of cotton, which is not very great
considering the different grades, but the different
amount of cotton put in different kinds of goods.
Some kinds of goods have three or four yards to
the pound, and some of them have five or six or
seven yards to the pound. That would be the
difficulty. But I think that if this clause is re-
tained, there should be a reduction on the tax put
upon cotton goods to correspond with the amount
of tax that our own manufacturers have to pay on
the raw material.
Mr. COWAN. I have simply a word to say
in regard to this matter. I diflVi entirely with
iny honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
as to whether this is a raw material or not. I
think there can be no question about that. You
might as well say that potatoes when dug out of
the ground, corn when taken out of the husk,
wheat when it was thrashed, was not a raw mate-
rial as to say that cotton ginned is not so, and
therefore to tax it as raw material is, I think, vio-
lative of one of the very first principles of taxa-
tion. No commodity should be caught at that
