1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senator from Delaware, that if the fifteen hun-
dred slaves who are now the chambermaids, and
the bootblacks, and the barbers, and the hostlers,
and the wood choppers and wood sawyers, and
coal carriers, and cart drivers, and carriage driv-
ers, and laborers on tho gardens and grounds that
surround this magnificent palace shall be liberated,
somebody will commence a wholesale murder.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I said no such thing. If
the gentleman is alluding to me, I did not say a
word about it. '
Mr. HARLAN. I am most happy to hear the
Senator recant the doctrine I have attributed to
him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not recant anything.
I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. HARLAN. The negroes then will be
saved. There is 110 danger of this wholesale
murder.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will reply to the gen-
tleman when he is through.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no danger of this
war of extermination, at least in the streets of
this capital; and the fifteen hundred slaves now
laboring quietly under the control of their masters
will probably not be murdered by their former
owners if they should be liberated. I would al-
most guaranty that the liberated slaves will not
murder their masters if their masters will not mur-
der them. The mere fact of their liberation could
hardly incite them to such a diabolical course of
conduct. Why should it? If they prefer to live
under tho shelter that their masteis have provided
for them, and to labor day by day without wages
for the gratuity they may receive from tho hand
of their former owner, their legal freedom will
not compel a severance. I will not vote for a law
to compel them to leave. The Senator desires
us to do so; he proposes an amendment to this
bill that will compel these poor men to leave
their kind masters, to go homeless and penniless
and friendless into a land of strangers. I voted
against his proposition. I am disposed to leave
them where they now are, and let them work on
for their masters; if their masters choose to pay
them for their labor, all well; and if they decide
to work on without pay, be it so. 1 perceive no
motive that can arise out of tiie removal of the
legal shackles that bind thein, calculated to stimu-
late a disposition to murder and destroy. They
would be anomalous human beings if the mere
act of liberating them would convert them into
savages and murderers.
If neither then- masters nor they are disposed
to engage 111 such stiife, I apprehend there is no
great danger. I never yet have met a white man
or white woman in the District who manifested
this species of vindictiveness against the colored
people. I am glad for the sake of humanity that
it is so. Why should they ? Do you answer be-
cause they are poor and ugly and ignoiant and
feeble. Is it possible that an American Senator
will teach here to-day that because the white lace
is said to be more poweiful and more highly en-
dowed, and has acquired a high position 111 the
scale of civilization, he may with impunity tram-
ple on the feeble and the defenseless? Tho ad-
vancement of such a dogma ought to mantle the
statesman's cheek with the blush of sheme. It is
at war with every manly impulse. Why, sir, 1
have occasionally in passing through the rough
society which sometimes congregates on the fron-
tier, observed a strong, powerful man stepping
into the ring in the midst of a broil " to pick up
the glove," as it was called, in defense of a gray-
haired man, or a boy, or a feeble person, about to
be assailed by some thoughtless person of superior
physical strength, with the declaration, " sir, if
you must have a fight take a man of your inches,"
and such an act never failed to seciji'c the applause
of the crowd. This is true humanity; it is moial
courage; it is a kind of natural religion, superior
to much we hear from the pulpit. It is true courage;
it prompts to personal sacrifice in the defense of
the feeble. And I have never yet witnessed a
crowd of frontiersmen, however rough and uncul-
tivated, who could be induced to applaud the victor
in a contest with an inferior. This principle of
humanity it is thought by many was illustrated
on a grand scale when the English nation and the
French people stepped in between Russia and the
Turks. Here was a great and powerful nation
attempting to crush out a feeble people. The con-
test was unequal; it was the athlete champion with
iron muscles in deadly strife with the child or de-
crepidage, and two other powerful nations stepped
in between them and commanded peace, and took
up the glove in defense of the weaker. I suppose
this element of humanity to be the foundation of
that manly pride that most men experience when
they stand in defense of their own families, in de-
fense of their wives and children and parents.
They stand between the feeble and the strong,
and peril their existence in defense of their rights.
As a nation we act from these generous and manly
impulses in our intercourse with the children of
the prairies and forests. They are comparatively
a feeble people, incapable of taking care of them-
selves, and you organize a bureau under the Gov-
ernment and appoint a Commissioner and appro-
priate millions of dollars year by year to pay
agents to stand between them and your own citi-
zens who might be stimulated by avarice to be-
come their oppressors. And this policy usually
receives the applause of Christian men. it is but
another illustration of better impulses of an en-
lightened humanity—a powerful nation stretches
out its strong arm to protect the feeble.
Here is another feeble people, a race of men
that are inferior to us, not equal to us in beauty,
not equal to us in symmetry of body, not equal
to us possibly in original mental and moral capa-
cities or endowments. They are supposed not to
be as capable of taking care of themselves as the
Anglo-Saxons or others of the Caucasian race;
and on that account you tell me they are to be
trampled under foot. You arc to trample them
into the earth because they are feeble! Do you
treat your own feeble people in this way ? I have
sometimes stepped into a probate court, and 1 have
seen a judge sitting on the tribunal of justice ap-
pointing a guardian for the persons and property
of orphan children, and requiring him to give bond
and security for the proper execution of the trust.
They have neither father nor mother; those nat-
ural guardians have been called hence. They may
become the victims of avaiice or malice. The
officer of the law steps in for their protection. You,
sir, see this evidence of a Christian civilization !
And two hundred millions of Christians scattered
up and down in the earth unile in applause. Ora-
tois and statesmen chime in with the axiom, the
very object of the organization of civil society is
the protection of the weak from the aggressions
of the strong.
Now if this be so in relation to every other
people, in relation to weak members of your own
uiee, would it not be equally humane to provide
for the jaotection of feeble colored people that
have been bom in our midst without any fault
surely of their own; who have been cast here, you
may say, as waifs 011 society, by an act of Provi-
dence' Are we to crush them with the iron heel
of a civilization that brings only blessings to all
otlicis ? And if their shackles shall be stricken
off, are we indeed doomed to witness their indis-
criminate muuler because they are weak, because
they arc less capable of providing means ot their
own defense than we? This is an illustration of
what is sometimes styled the superior civilization
of the slave system, and a conception of an en-
lightened humanity that I could not have believed
a few years since would have been exemplified on
the floor of the American Senate; because a peo-
ple are weak, therefore you have a right to oppress
them, and if the hand of humanity does obtrude
for their protection, then you have a right to mur-
der them, murder them indisciiminately, murder
them en masse, only because they are no longer
slaves.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Iowa reminds me very much of ati an-
ecdote I once read 111 the papers, of a good brother
ill a church who had a most inveterate habit of
responding to everything which the minister said
by a hearty, whole-souled "amen;" and this
" amen" was very frequently put in at a not very
appropriate place. Bemgcautioned by thepreacher
1 one day not to be so free in his responses of
" amen " to anything that might fall from his lips,
he held his peace for awhile; but on one occa-
sion, feeling a disposition to say it, he hallooed
outinchureh, " amen at a venture." [Laughter.]
I have been at a loss to discover whom it is that
the Senator from Iowa has been replying to.
When he first commenced, he alluded to some-
thing that I said. My only solution of thatques-
tion is, that he has been making a speech " at a
venture," and without replying specifically to
anybody.
In the few remarks I made I alluded to a news-
paper account of the joy which was manifested
by certain persons who had gone down from the
free States into South Carolina, and to their em-
bracing, in their joy, negroes who had there con-
gregated, and telling them that they were now free
as they were, and calling them brothers and sif-
ters. 1 used the word 1! embrace." The Senator
takes up the word " embrace"—a word innocent
in its meaning—a word innocent in its significa-
tion; and lo and behold, he entertains the Senate
with a long tirade in reference to the subject of
amalgamation. The word "embrace" has no
criminality in its meaning; and it was not referred
to by me 111 any such sense. My reply, there-
fore, to all the Senator has said upon thatsubject,
is simply this: " evil to him who evil thinks."
Mr. President, I said nothing in reference to the
war of raccs that must ensue from a general sys-
tem of emancipation in this country, although the
philosophic student of history will not fail to dis-
cover in her teachings that a deep and powerful
and solemn warning voice comes up to the Amer-
ican people in this hour of the agitation of this
question, and tells them in reference to that, even,
" beware." Never have I been on the floor of the
American Senate fighting the battles of slavery,
although I am one of those men who dare say,
in the face of the American Senate and the Amer-
ican people, that, as the system of American sla-
very had an existence in this country withoutour
fault, and as it now exists, it is far preferable to
both races that those who are slaves should con-
tinue to be slaves, even to the end of time, than
that they should be released and thrown broad-
cast upon society, free men, to disturb the har-
mony and the peace of the communities in which
they may be placed.
Sii, I say further, that so far from fighting this
question simply as the advocate of slavery, I
should be perfectly willing this day to see the few
slaves in my State liberated and go free, provided
the gentlemen who are in favor of that policy
would only take the free negroes off our hands.
The Senator from Maryland has alluded to the
large free negro population which Maryland has.
Sir, wc are not so large a State as Maryland; we
have not so many white people; we have not so
many negroes; but in proportion to the white
population, the State that I have the honor to rep-
resent has a larger free negro population in it than
any State of this Union. More than one fifth of our
whole population are free negroes. £ say to the
Senator from Iowa that I speak of what I know,
I speak of what I see; I speak of what I have felt.
He speaks simply of that m reference to which
he speculates. There is the difference. 1 was born
in a slave State; I presume ho was born in a fice
State. My ancestors weie slaveholders; and if
there is any sin in being one, I am a small one
myself; and let me tell that Senator that we in the
slave States know this fact, however much it may
contradict his theory, that the worst species ot
population with which any people can be afflicted
is a free negro population.
The gentleman professes to know something on
this subject. 1 wonder how many free negroes
there are in his State. What sources ofinforma-
tion has he? The State of Iowa talking about
the character of a free negro population, the State
of Iowa talking in reference to the character of a
slave population,and she has notgotfree negroes
enough to make milestones along one of the pub-
lic roads within her limits, perhaps! Why, sir,
official duty for five years caused me to be well
acquainted in my State with the character of this
population. For five years it was my lot to pros-
ecute in all the criminal courts of that State. Isay
to-the Senator that the criminal courts of my State
are occupied constantly with trying these persons
for every grade of offense, from murder even to
the lowest upon the criminal calendar. We know
what it is to suffer from an excessive free colored
population. My amendment was offered notbe-
cause I intend to support this bill under any cir-
cumstances, but to benefit the city of Washing-
ton, where I hope, notwithstanding the present
unfortunate condition of the times, the American
capital may ever remain,and remain as the capi-
tal of the whole nation, Nurth, South, East, and
West, ltis to free the people of this Districtfrom
tho blighting curse of a powerful free riegropopu-
