1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
lation within their limits* that I have offered this
amendment*
The Senator asks what I would have done in
South Caiolinaif I object to their missionaries
going down there. I do not object to their mis-
sionaries going down there. In my schoolboy
days 1 learned an old maxim, de gustibus non dis-
putandum est. Those who have a taste for such
a calling are welcome to pursue it. But while I
have no quarrel with them in reference to that, I
tell theSenator what I would have them do. When
rebellion raises its head in this Government, when
the patriotic heart of the country is stirred from
one end of it to the other, when the old love of the
American heart is reanimated and clusters around
the old national flag which the Senator and those
who think with him profess so much to honor,
when the very continuance of your Union is not
onlyendangeredbutrendered doubtful, when men
of all political parties are rushing to the field, I
would havebutonespiritanimate them all; I would
imye but one spirit animate the members of the
American Congress, and that is, the preservation of
the American Union by strictly observing the Con-
stitution and the constitutional rights of thepeople
in every section of this country, North, South,
East, and West; for, sir, it is only by the pres-
ervation of the constitutional rights of the people,
North, Nouth, East,and West, that you ever can
preserve the American Union; and he—1 refer not
by the word " he" particularly to the Senator from
Iowa, but that man wherever he exists within this
Union—who would make the emancipation of the
slave population a paramount consideration to the
preservation of his country is a disloyal man, and
lie cannot cover up his disloyalty under the cry of
Union, or by wrapping around himself the Amer-
ican flag and thanking God that he is not as other
men or even as these poor slaveholders. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr.SAULSBURY. Sir, if when this battle for
the preservation of theUnion commenced the dom-
inant party in power had given assurance to the
people of this country everywhere that they were
invited to fight for the preservation of the Union
and Constitution of their fathers; if yon had not
invited them to join in thisgencral crusade against
the institution of domestic slavery; if you had
guarantied to them thattheir rights under the Con-
stitution and in the Union should be preserved
from all assaults, whether they came from south-
ern secessionists or northern riisunionists, who are
constantly preaching this doctrine of abolition, to-
day there would have been but one heat t animat-
ing the whole American people in every section of
this country, and this Union never would have
been allowed to be destroyed. Hut, sir, what have
we seen? We have found gentlemen differently
circumstanced from you, raised under different
influences, brought up under a different state of
society and in dilferentassociations—because they
have dared, amidst the tumult of civil war and the
violence of revolution, to raise a voice in defense
of the preservation of their constitutional rights
and the constitutional lights of the people every-
where, we have seen them dragged from their fam-
ilies under the pretext thatthoy were secessionists
and disunionists, and cast into loathsome baxtiles.
On the other hand, we have seen a man hailing
from a northern State but recently coming to the
Federal capital, getting up in the lecture-room of
an institution devoted to the propagation of sci-
ence and learning and declaring that for nineteen
or twenty years he has been endeavoring to dis-
solve this Union, and to drag nineteen States out
of the Union; we have seen that same man, con-
trary to the rules of the Senate, walk into tins
Senate Chamber, and he, proclaiming himself a
disumonist and that the labor of hi* life has been
to dissolve the Federal Union, is allowed to goat
large; and this day peaceful, quiet citizens, wlio
never dreamed of harm or thought a wrong to the
Federal Government, even in my own State and
from the capital of my own State, have been
dragged from their homes and their families by
Maryland home guards—I beg the pardon of the
Senators from Maryland; I do not mean any of-
fense to them—who wdl fight on Maryland soil
but will not fight off Maryland soil—dragged by
them, glorious patriots as they are, from their
homes and their families within the limits of the
State of Maryland and confined there.
Senators, abandon now at once and forever
your schemes of wild philanthropy and univer-
sal emancipation; proclaim to the people of this
whole country everywhere that you mean to pre-
serve the Union established by Washington and
Jefferson and Madison, and the fathers of the
Republic, and the rights of the people as secured
by that glorious instrument which they helped to
frame, and your Union never can be destroyed;
but go on with your wild schemes of emancipa-
tion, throw doubt and suspicion upon every man
simply because he fails to look at your questions
of wild philanthropy as you do, and the God of
heaven only knows, after wading through scenes
before which even the horrors of the French rev-
olution 44 pale their ineffectual fires," what ulti-
mately may be the result.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
"Mr. MORRfLL. Oh, no; I want a vote on
this question.
Seveial Senators. There is no quorum.
Mr. MORRILL. I think there is a quorum
present.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 25, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a list of the number and names of
persons employed in the Coast Survey for the fis-
cal yeai ending the 30th of June, 1861, with the
expenditures made by the direction of the Super-
intendent in that time; which was laid upon the
tab!*1, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House, a
report of the Adjutant General, embracing the
names of all chaplains which appear upon the
rolls on file in his office; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in response to a resolution of the House,
the ro(>ort of Major Grncra 1 Wool, of the num-
ber, age, and condition of the Africans in his
department; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication of the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a detailed statement of the expendi-
ture of tile contingent fund of the Navy Depart-
ment; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
FRIGATE CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and put on its pas-
sage Senate bill No. 244, to provide for the equi-
table settlement of the accounts of the officers and
crew of the frigate Congress, and of other vessels
destroyed at Hampton Roads.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to move the following
amendments:
Insert in first section, after the woids "officers and
crews," the wurdh '••>ailort- and marines ;"and add as an
additional section the following:
Be it farther enaded, That the Secretary of the Navy bo,
and lie'i- hereby, authorized to furm>h to the sailors:, ma-
rines, :md eiewH ot any of the vessel* engaged ni the naval
actions in the foregoing section mentioned, the beddinir,
elothinsr, or other propeity lost oi desuo\ed therein, with
<m .linounl sufficient to cover then lo^es. not exceeding
<ixty dollars to t-aeh man, to he p.nd in kind or in money
at the di^cietion of the flag officei of the Noith Atlantic
MHiadion.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is it cus-
tomary to make good the losses of officers?
Mr.*SFJ)GWICK. It does not provide for the
payment of any losses to officers.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. To whom,
then?
Mr. SEDGWICK. To the common sailors.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is that
according to the established usage of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand it to be so.
The Department recommended that this provision
should be made.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SEDGW [CK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY, ETC.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra copies
of the iepoitof the Supeuntendent of the United States
Coast Survey for the year 1861; three thousand of which
shall be for distribution by the Superintendent, and two
thousand for the use of the House.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, also, from the
same committee, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
five thousand extra copies of tiie report of the Seeietaiy of
War, dated Muich 0,18G2, on the purchase of arms.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. On behalf of the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad I move to postpone
the special order of to-day, which is the consid-
eration of House bill No. 364, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line to the
Pacific ocean, for one week, and that it be the spe-
cial order at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. It. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the following para-
graph of the bill to be under consideration:
16. Theater* shall pay $100 for each license. Everyplace
or edifice wlieie dramatic or operatic representations, play?,
or peifoimanees are exhibited shall be regarded as a theater
undei this aet.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshiie. I move
to amend by inseiting after the word u edifice,"
the words, " not including halls or rooms rented
and used occasionally for concerts or exhibitions."
I understand the Committee of Ways and Means
have no objection to the amendment
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend by adding
the following to the clause under consideration:
And all saloons of enteitainmont, by sniping or dancing,
and all lager beer saloons and ice cieam gardens shall pay
a licence often dollais.
Mr. COX. I move to amend that amendment
by adding the following proviso:
Pro tided, That the performances" of thi* House be not
included und< r this section, nor under the subsequent sec-
tion v. ith reference to " aciobatie sports.''
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment to the
amendment having reference to the Mouse, and
this being a committee, the Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to amend by-
adding to the paraguph the following:
Transient touipanie* shall pay a license of five dollars
for each performance, or ten dollars lor one week.
The question being put, and no quorum vot-
ing—
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. White of Indiana, and Mr. Cox,
as such tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
