338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
arid the acts of that officer in his name continued
from July to September, has suffered me to build
upon his premises, his seat in the Senate, and
having misled me by these representations, though
they may be false if he chooses to say so, it is not
in his mouth, according to the language of the
books, to deny them.
Sir, the Supreme Court of the United States
have said in the case of Van Rensselaer us. Kear-
ney, (11 Howard, 336,) that this doctrine of estop-
pel, when properly applied, is founded upon the
highest principles of morality, for they say:
"It is a doctrine, therefore, when properly understood
and applied, that concludes the punciple in ordei to pi event
fraud and falsehood, and imposes silence on a party only
when in conscience and in honesty he should not be allowed
to speak."
Sir, it is not necessary that there should be an
office or an appointment in order to make a party
responsible for his acts as such an officer and his
representations that he was duly appointed.
Now, sir, 1 pass to other points—the public
considerations. I admit that they stand upon
different grounds; but, as I have already said, not
in the least degree conflicting with these private
considerations, and the principles of law as appli-
cable to-them. No citizen of the United States
more thoroughly approved than I did of the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States
issued on the 3d May last. I was committed in
every way, publicly and privately, m approval of
that act of the President, and I believe to-day that
it was his solemn duty to do whathe did. I ap-
proved his acts; and I think the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has shown, by
an unanswerable argument, which 1 shall not at-
tempt to repeat here to-day, that the President
had authority to make the appointment which he
did make. As early as July 19, in an argument
which I presented to the committee, I stated:
" If the President had authority to call out the militia, he
had authority to govern them by proper officers appointed
for that purpose."
And that I understand to be the substance of
the argument made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. President, it will be remembered that not
only the sitting member in this case but that sev-
eral other distinguished gentlemen had similar ap-
pointments, in precisely the same words, in pre-
cisely the same form, and that those gentlemen
went into the field and led the armies of the coun-
try; General Schenck, General Pope, General
Lyon, and other generals carrying on important
military operations under precisely the same au-
thority long before Congress had passed any act
of ratification whatever. The battle of Bull Run,
in which some of these officers participated, was
fought on the 21st of July—before any act of rat-
ification was passed.
Now, sir, 1 understand the honorable Senator
from New York to say that these distinguished
officers who fought the battles of the country, who
led the armies of the United States and took the
lives of lebel citizens, were not even officers de
facto. Why, sir, 1 believe if in that emergency
the Presidentof the United States had created, not
a brigadier general, not a major general, not a
lieutenant general, but a general, a generalissimo,
if you please, to lead the five hundred thousand
citizens of the United States, and that officer had
gone in the field leading the armies of the United
States, he would be an officer de facto, he would
have been legally an officer, and the Government
of the United States would have been bound by
his acts. Suppose he had made an armistice with
the enemy, is thorn any man on this floor who
would have dared, in (he face of the world, to dis-
regard it? Would not foreign nations have looked
upon him as the proper officer of the United States,
and treated with him as such? Sir, it is preposter-
ous, in my judgment—I hope I shall not be consid-
ered disrespectful; I would rather say, however,
that it is unreasonable, and cannot be sustained
by any valid argument, to maintain that an officer
under such circumstances was not an officer de
facto, and the Government ofthe United States was
not bound by his acts.
Sir, what is ail officer de facto ? I refer you to
5 Wendell; the case of Wilcox us. Smith, page
i234, in which the court uses this language:
" It will be "bsei ved that these ea^es do not go upon the
ground that the claim by an individual to bo a public offi-
cer, owl his acting a.  >uch, is meidyfacie evidence
that he is an officer dejure ; but the principle they establish
is this: that an individual coming into office by coloi of an
election or appointment, is an officer de facto, and his acts
in relation to the public or third persons are valid until he
is removed, although it be conceded that his ejection or ap-
pointment was illegal. His title shall not be'inquued into.
The mere claim to be a public officer, and the performance
of a single or even a number of acts in that character, would
not, perhaps, constitute an individual an officer de facto.
'There mi^st be some color of an election or appointment, or
an exercise of the office, and an acquiescence on the part
ofthe public for a length of time which would affoi da strong
presumption of at least a colorable election or appoint-
ment."
Now, Mr. President, it does not even require
the color of an election to make an officer de facto.
It is sufficient that he acts, and that the public
acquiesce. Did not the public acquiesce in these
de facto officers, even supposing that the President
had no authority to appoint them? Did not every
department of the Government, and every loyal
citizen of the country recognize them as the real,
legal, rightful officers ofthe people of the United
States ? The Government in all its Executive De-
partments recognized them. Congress afterwards
recognized their acts. The whole people recog-
nized them. It will not do to say that they were
not even officers de facto.
But I understand the honorable Senator to make
a point upon the language of this appointment;
that the sitting member was appointed a brigadier
general in the volunteerforco ordered to be raised
by the proclamation of the 3d of .May. I under-
stand him to argue that these words—" in the vol-
unteer force"—constitute a part of the definition
of the office, and make it a different office from
any known to the law; but it seems to me that
that is not a reasonable interpretation of that com-
mission. These words are not descriptive of the
office, but only of the servicc in which these offi-
ceis were to be employed; and this interpolation
is rendered, to my mind, perfectly plain by the
law which was afterwards passed ratifying these
appointments. The act of July 22 enacts:
" That the President shall he authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for tiic com-
mand of the forces piovided tor in this act, a number of
major generals not exceeding six in number, and a num-
ber of bugadier geneials not exceeding eighteen ; and the
other division and brigade officers required for the oig.m-
ization or the:-e foices."
So that hero they are called brigadier generals;
the act having firstprovided that for the organiza-
tion of these forces the President shall appoint so
many brigadier generals, recognizing these officers
whom he had previously appointed as brigadier
generals to be employed in leading the volunteer
forces called out under the proclamation of the 3d
of May.
But, sir, it may be that the honorable Senator
considers that these ww offices of brigadier gen-
eral, not being authoiized by law, were, in that
sense, offices unknown to the law; not that the office
was of a character unknown to the law, but that
these particular places filled by these individuals
were not existing offices. Well, sir, that would not
prevent them from being officersdc facto; for here
i find a case in 19 Connecticut Reports,page 489—
the case of Douglass vs. Wickwire—m which a
township, being authorized to appoint six grand
jurors, appointed seven; and the seventh one
brought a citizen befoic a justice's court, and had
hnn recognized to appear afterwards; and when
he came into court, the accused put m the plea
that this greend juror was tlie seventh grand juror
chosen, and was not a proper officer:
"On the trial befoic the superior court the defendant
claimed that the iccognizance was void; and to show thw
lie ofteied evidence to prove that at the preceding annual
town meeting of the town of Canaan six grand juiors weie
successively chn^n; that said Ferns was chosen aftcr-
waids ; and as the statute does not authorize the appoint-
i rnent of moie than six giand juioi<to serve for the name
year in any town, it was churned that tiie appointment of
Mr. Feru& as a seventh grand juior was unauthorized and
void. The couit decided that as Mr. Ferns pn>fe?t,ed to
act by viitue of such appointment he wa-i a giand juror de
facto, and the defendant could not, m this action, avail
himself of the alleged inegulauty in his appointment."
If the law authorized the appointment of eight
brigadier generals, and the President of the Uni-
ted States appointed a ninth, although there was
actually no office for him to fill, and the public
might have known that the eight offices were all
actually filled, still the officer, upon this authority
and others which I might quote to the same effect,
would be an officer de facto. I have an authority
much older than that, which I shall not quote at
length. It is in Crokc's (Elizabeth) Reports, page
699—the case of Harris vs. Jays. It is said there:
"Acts done by a king, an usurper, are good; so if one
being created bishop, the former bishop not being deprived
nor removed, admits one to a benefice upon a presentation,
or collates bv lapse, these are good and not avoidable. Quod
curia concessit; for the law favors acts of one in a reputed
authority; and the inferior shall never inquiie if his author-
ity be lawful."
Why, sir, when a legitimate dynasty is set
aside, or that which claims to be legitimate, a
dynasty of kings, and an emperor establishes his
power upon the throne, the form of Government
is changed, and a form of government adopted
not recognized by the law; but although the office
of emperor is one not recognized by the laws, yet
he is to all intents and purposes always consid-
ered a de facto emperor, and his government a de
facto government, by which the nation is bound.
But, Mr. President, I pass all these things by;
and I rise to still higher considerations. I say let
it be true that these officers were neither de facto
officers nor officers de jure; let it be that they were
plain, palpable usurpers—mark you, sir, this is
not my argument; I am only arguing it on the
basis assumed by the gentlemen on the other side,
that this act of the President was a plain usurpa-
tion—now I present this proposition to every gen-
tleman in this body who has any respect for the
Constitution, what was the object of this provis-
ion in the Constitution ? it is admitted on all
hands to be to prevent the exercise of Executive
patronage to influence the members of the two
Houses of Congress. Why, sir, look at the Van
Ness case, read by the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Foster,] in which a member having taken
the mere nominal appointment of major in the
militia of the District of Columbia, without any
emolument whatever, and without any duties of
any consequence, was deprived of his seat by the
unanimous vote of the House of Representatives.
Read, sir, what is said in the case of Hammond
vs. Ilerriek, (Contested Elections, p. 296,) by the'
committee that reported that case:
« No dependant on the Executive can take a seat in this
House. It any member becomes such his seat is vacated;
his power leturns to the people. IJy a faithful "and intelli-
gent excrcidc of it, they may coirect errors and punish de-
linquency. This is the legeneiating principle of the Con-
stitution. If this remedy fail, it will be in vain to look for
another."
Now, let me ask the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] with all his
learning, with all his ability, with his great Amer-
ican and European reputation, whether, in con-
sidering thisprincipleof the Constitution, the ob-
ject for which it was adopted, the spirit and soul
which give it ali its worth, are to be utterly disre-
garded? If it is not, if some attention must be
paid to the purpose for which such a principle
was adopted, then let me ask the gentleman if he
can in candor say that an office usurped by a Sen-
ator on this floor, by a conspiracy with the Pres-
ident of the United States, accepted from the Pres-
ident of the United States by usurpation, would
be a smaller disqualification under that clause of
the Constitution than if the office had been legally
conferred; whether this establishment of the prin-
ciple does not give a premium for usurpation and
violation of law; whether, if the President confers
a legal office upon an individual, the giving him
an illegal one is not a Jortiori & violation of tkat
principle of the Constitution ?
Why, Mr. President, look at this case and see
what consequences it brings in its- train. The
silting member is recognized as a general by the
appointment ofthe President of the United States,
by his letter to the Secretary directing him to be
appointed. He is recognized by the Secretary of
War on the 2d of July, m the telegraphic dispatch
in which he informed me that General Lane had
been appointed, and had accepted. He is recog-
nized on the 10th of July, when the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the United States, while General Lane was
sitting in the Senate, at his instance gives an order
so far modifying the jusual provisions of law as
to authorize his men to be mustered in before the
companies were full. He is recognized as a gen-
eral for the purpose of issuing proclamations,
gathering forces, making requisitions, as the re-
port of the committee shows, upon the quarter-
master's department, and drawing money from
the Treasury of the United States; recognized as
a general for every purpose except for the pur-
pose of being disqualified by the Constitution for
a seat on this floor. You repudiate his acts for
no other purpose. You repudiate them only that
you may violate the spirit, and, as I believe, the
letter of the Constitution, by keeping an officer
appointed by the President ofthe United States,
