2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
stage of production and subjected to a burden
which it is obliged to carry through a great many
processes, and the worst part of it is, though, that
this one carries it when it comes out, because we
have already taxed the manufactured product.
Now, if we tax it again, what is the result? Why,
Mr. President, m looking at the sources of our
revenue it will be discovered that it is raised prin-
cipally from the poor rather than from the licli.
The bulk of it is raised from articles like cotton,
of necessity, and of prime necessity very often.
The poor use as much of certain commodities as
the rich, or very nearly so. For instance, the
poor of this country are accustomed to have and
are entitled to have their tea and coffee and sugar,
and I suppose it is no reflection on them to say
that they are as fond of whisky and tobacco and
beer—all the great sources of revenue—as the rich
are; and having been accustomed to the enjoyment
of them, they will desire them heieaftei. Now,
what, is the effect of taxing this raw material of
cotton? It is simply a tax upon the poor man's
shirt. Cotton is as much a necessity to him as
anything else; it is actually a prime necessity
now. Then, what is worse about it, the proposed
tax of one cent per pound is two or three times
as much upon the poor man's shirt as it is upon
the rich man's.
I think we had better stand by first principles,
let the raw material alone, let it go through all the
vauous processes of production until it comes to
that point when it is About to pass from the whole-
sale dealer into the hands of the retail dealer, or
when it is about to be distributed among the peo-
ple. There we catch it en masse, and may collect
the tax with great ease, cheapness, and facility;
and there, too, is the place where it can bear the
burden. At that point the burden is on the back,
not tied about the limbs to clog and hamper it in
its progress towards perfection or fitness for con-
sumption. 1 think the nearer the point of con-
sumption a tax can be levied, without endeavor-
ing to follow the article in its distributive details,
the bolter. It would be better, perhaps, to tax the
article immediately upon its consumption, if you
could ; but that, it is evident, would be utterly im-
possible; the cost of collection would perhaps be
more than the revenue you would raise. But if it
be taken at the point when it leaves the whole-
sale manufacturer to be distributed generally, that
is the point; and before that time, I am opposed
to the imposition of any kind of burden upon these
commodities. I hope, therefore, the bill will be
amended as the committee ha\e proposed in this
respect.
Air. CLA11K. I was a little surprised and a
little amused at the aigument of the Senatorfrom
Ohio that cotton was a manufactured article. Not
a bit more so than wheal; you have to thresh
your wheat as well as «ui yom cotton. Not a bit
idoii: so than Indian corn; you have to shell your
com befoie it goes to maiket. They uie products
oft ho earl!) prepared for maiket, not manufactured.
I want to call the attention of Senators a little
moie to the inequality of this tax. 1 will illustrate
it by citing examples. Tin re is in my town a
manufacture of cotton into bags which go hugely
to the West for the purpose of bringing gram to
the eastwaid. It takes a poundof cotton to make
one of these bags, and they are sold for about
eighteen or twenty cents a bag, so that this tax
would be about live per cent, ad valorem. Eveiy
bag w"II pay a cent. There is m the same city a
m umfaeture of cotton into lawn, and one pound
of fiiiu cotton will make from ten to fifteen yaids
of iawn. Win n cotton i.s mnniuactuied into bags,
you impny.' a duty of one cent on every twenty
cents, or five pm cent, ad valorem; and when it is
manufactun d into lawn, which is wroth seventy-
live eents a yard, you only impose one cent upon
$7 50, so that you permit the people who wear
the iuxut lous lawn to escape the tax almost en-
tirely while you take it from the farmer who buys
a bag to put his grain in That is an inequality
which should be guaidcd against. I do not know
what is the bcht way, because I have not given
my attention to it, as the Committee on Finance
have. lam only stating what would buthepiacti-
cal result, from my knowledge of Uie cotton man-
ufacture. So in regard to the heavy dulling. So
in regard to the denim. So in regard to the heavy
siieefnig. You impose a larger tax, a heavier
burden on those which the laborer wears. The
laborer weais a laige quantity of denim. It is
blue cotton drilling. He is obliged to pay a heavy
tax on that, while the finer articles all compara-
tively escape.
I suggest to Senators that some modification
ought to be made of this provision. If striking
it out because it cannot be adjusted, is the best
way, then let it be stricken out. It certainly should
not stand as it is. The manufacturers of coarse
cottons think the better way is to stiike it out; I
do not know but that all the manufacturers agree
on that, because they pay so largely on the man-
ufactured articles. I am told by gentlemen who
have gone into the calculation that if the cotton
manufactories in my State were to run at full,
manufacture as they have heretofore, those man-
ufacturers would pay an annual tax of $500,000.
That will compare with the whisky establish-
ments of the West. We do not complain that
we are obliged to be taxed; we are willing to pay
the tax; but we desire that it should be equalized,
and that the saddle should be put upon the hoise
so that it will not gall. I suggest to the Senate
the necessity of having some way to equalize this
burden; perhaps it may be in diminishing the duty
on cotton.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not enter into the dis-
cussion as to whether this is a manufactured ar-
ticle or not. I am not prepared to say that it is,
but I am prepared to say that it is the one product
in the world the profits upon which are so enor-
mous as to enable a few thousand men to monop-
olize it, to own four millions of persons, and em-
ploy them in the production of it, and it is a
product the profits of which arc so enormous as
to have induced the few individuals who monop-
olize it to suppose they could control this conti-
nent. It is the one product the profits upon which
are so enormous as to have induced that same
class of dreamers to believe that they could with
it and by it subsidize the world. And it is the
one product, the profits upon which have induced
this wat, the necessity for this whole system of
taxation, and it is the very last product which
ought to be exempt from the buidens of this tax-
ation.
For these reasons I opposed in committee, and
shall vote here against striking out this clause.
I do not believe this tax is to he paid by the man-
ufacturer; I do not believe this tax is to be paid by
the consumer; but paid by one or the other, the
Government wants so much money and must have
it, and all the rest of your taxation falls upon the
consumer; and the consumer,<( the poor man,"
to use the language of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, I take it, is quite as willing to pay the tax
on his shi. t as to pay it on his coffee. You only
want so much, and admitting that it must come
upon him, which it will not, he would just as soon
pay it on the one article as the other.
Mr. COWAN. I have a single word to say in
answer to my friend from Wisconsin. I think
his aigument would bo valid if he could establish
that the cotton giower would pay tins tax; but it
is a very bad argument when the truth turns out
that we pay it. The people of the North are the
people who will eventually pay it, not the cotton
grower. If you tax his cotton a cent, he is wise
enough to put the cent immediately on it, and our
manufacturer has to pay it, and we have to pay
hun, and we ha\e not only to pay that cent, but
we have to pay interest on it through all these
processes until it comes to the ultimate consumer.
I should think there was at least one hundred
times as much cotton worn in the North by free-
men as is worn in the South by slaves, and I think
it is undeniable, too, that the consumer must
l eventually pay every tax. This adjusts itself; it
I adjusts itseif by a regular lateral law which we
j cannot overrule m any way. There is no use to j
| war with it. If it were true that when you tax
j an article you tax the producer of it, theie would
i be more force and justice in my fnend's reason-
| ing; but when it is, on the contrary, true that the
, tax always falls on the consumer, is one of the ele-
| ments in the price, then you must look to the con- j
j sumcr.
Now, T say it is true that the poor people of I
: the North are as willing to pay their tax on their \
i shirts as on their tea and coffee; they are willing j
1 to pay their taxes, and perhaps more so than the j
j lich people; hut 1 say it is unjust to impose on i
i them now all the heavy buidens of the nation. It '
: is unjust to make them the great source of revenue, |
i especially at the very time when they are leaving I
their homes and families to fight the battles of
their country. I do not want them to pay a tax
on everything, and especially I do not want to
make them pay a tax on everything which is of
prime necessity. I would be glad to reach the
luxuries of life if possible, and yet the Senate re-
cently has struck out the tax upon wine, the bev-
erage of the rich, the beverage of the gentleman,
the beverage of the man who has his vineyard
upon the stde of his hiUsand who has his wine
press and his wine cellar, and who, I suppose,in
accordance with a very ancient custom, when one
cask is empty, immediately taps another. I think
that we had better let the raw material alone. If
we impose our taxes, impose them as this bill
imposes them, upon the ultimate product and ad
valorem, and then we accommodate ourselves to
all cotton of the various qualities and grades and
prices, and leave the burden equal, and that is
enough. Three per cent, on the manufactured
product is quite enough, especially when we re-
flect that ou r people have to wear it, not the negroes
of the South.
Mr. WILMOT. It strikes me, sir, as four fifths
of our cotton is exported, that certainly our con-
sumers will not be called upon to pay the tax on
that portion of the crop which is exported. Now,
suppose the argument of my colleague is admit-
ted, that the tax falls upon the consumer—and I
am disposed to concede it; I believejhat in all
cases the tax falls upon the consumer—yet here
the consumption of four fifths of the cotton crop
raised in this country is abroad. Now, shall we
forego this rich source of revenue and exempt the
consumer abroad from the payment of four fifths
of the tax which we impose on cotton? 1 agree
with the argument of the Senator from Wisconsin:
this is the one southern product; it js a rich source
of revenue; and it does seem to me that, consid-
ering the wants of the Government at this time,
there is no more proper subject upon which to im-
pose a tax. It is true there is some difference be-
tween the coarse and the fine fabric, and the tax
will fail relatively heavier on the coarser article;
and yet it is too slight to be worthy of considera-
tion, or if it be worthy of consideration, we can
discriminate and impose a tax of one centa pound
on cotton of a certain quality, and a tax of a cent
and a half a pound on cotton of a superior qual-
ity, and thus equalize the taxation. I am very
much in favor of the tax on cotton. It seems to
me, as I said before, that it is the one great source
of revenue to be derived from the products of the
South, and I can understand and conceive of no
sufficient reason against it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in favor of putting some
tax upon cotton, but I am satisfied that there ought
to be a discrimination, and in oider that we may
have time to deliberate it, I propose to the Senate
that we pass over this provision and let it stand
until some future occasion.
Air. FESSENDEN. It can be passed over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be puisued if there be no objection.
Mr. COWAN. Before that is done, I wish to
make a remark in reply to the ground taken by
my colleague. However forcible his argument
may be, it is still a very bad one, because he bases
it upon an evasion of the Constitution. If we arc
to tax cotton because four fifths of it is exported,
let it be done directly; let the tax be imposed upon
it as an exportduty; and then where are we ? Di-
rectly in the teeth of a constitutional provision
against it.
Mr. WILMOT. A large portion of the tobacco
crop is exported.
Mr.vCOWAN. Very well, suppose it is: we
tax the manufactuied tobacco and nothing else.
Mr. CLARK. I am somewhat acquainted with
the manufacture of cotton, but i certainly cannot
agiee with the gentleman's constitutional aigu-
ment that we cannot tax cotton here for our own
necessities without regard 
Mr. COWAN. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I did not say that we could not tax it, but 1 said
that we could not tax it in oider to avoid the con-
: stitulional prohibition against laying an export
duty upon it, and that was the gist of the argu-
ment of my colleague.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator's design was to
meet the argument of his colleague, it may be one
thing, but if it was designed to act practically on
the Senate, it is another thing. I desire that this
