THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MAY 26, 1862.
New Series No. 146.
section may be passed over for the present, be-
cause I think we can arrange it.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. This clause will be
passed over, and the Secretary will read the next
item.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On all manufactures of cotton, woo!, tilk, worsted, flax,
hemp, jute, India rubber, gutta peicha, wood, willow, glass,
potteiy ware, leather, paper, lion, steel, load, tin, coppcr,
zinc, brass, gold, silver, horn, lvoiy, bone, bustles, wholly
or in part, or of other materials, not in this act otherwise
provided for, a duty of three per cent, ad valorem: Provided <
That in estimating the duties upon articles manufactured
when removed and sold at any other place than the place
of manutacture, there shall be deducted from the gross
amount of sales the freieht, commission, and expenses of
sale actually paid, and the duty shall be assessed and paid
upon the net amount after the deduction* as aforesaid: Jlnd
■provided furthery That printed book*?, magazines, pam-
phlets, newspaper, reviews, and all other similar printed
publications; boaids, shingles, and ail other lumber and
timber; staves, hoops, headings, and timber only partially
wrought and unfinished for chairs, tubs, pails, snathes,
lasts, shovel, and fork handles ; umbrella stretchers; pig
iron, and iron not advanced beyond slabs, blooms, or loops;
the lep.iir or rerolling of railioad iron; plaster or gypsum ;
malt; burning fluid ; printers' ink ; flax prepared for textile
or felting purposes, until actually woven or fitted into fab-
rics for consumption; all flour and meai made from grain;
bread and breadstuff's; pearl barley and split peas ; buttei ;
cheese; concentiated milk; bullion,in the manufactuie ol
silverware; brick; marble ; slate; building stone; copper,
in ingots or pigs ; and lead, in pigs or bars, shall not be re-
garded as manufactuies within tho meaning of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is pioposed by
the committee to amend this clause by inserting-,
after the word u provided," where it first occurs,
these words:
That on all cloths dyed, printed, bleached, manufactured
into other fabrics, or otherwise prepared, on which a duty
or tax shall have been paid befoie the same weie t>o dyed,
printed, bleached, manufactured, or prepared, the said duty
or tax of three per cent, shall be assessed only upon the
incieased value thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to insert "lime,
Roman cement," between " biick" and "mar-
ble," in the three hundred and thirty-seventh line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Another amendment
should be made in consequence of an amendment
that has been made in a previous part of the bill.
In the three hundred and thirtieth line, the words
the repair or rero'hng of railroad iron" should
be stricken out, as we have laid a duty on iron
rerolled in a previous part of the bill. I move
to strike out those words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to move the insertion of
a single word. I believe, however, it is not ex-
actly in order now, but it is as much so as the
last amendment. 1 move to insert the word " al-
cohol," after " burning fluid," in the three hun-
dred and thirty-first hue, so as to exempt that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that should
be done. Alcohol is a manufacture, and it only
bears a duty of three per cent.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not press the amendment
now, if the chairman objects to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt the expediency
of it. I would prefer that it should be moved at
another time.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the proposition.
The Secretary commenced reading the seventy-
second section, which relates to auction sales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is opening a new
subject; and if we are to meet to-morrow, I think
it is time to adjourn.
Mr. CLARiC. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 23, 1S62.  
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 1
by Rev. L. G-. Olmstead. i
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
FARRIS-EL-HAKIM.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
146
milting a communication from the Secretary of
State in reference to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 18th instant, requesting in-
formation in regard to the indemnity obtained by
the consul general of the United States at Alex-
andria, Egypt, to Fan is-el-Hakim, agent of Amer-
ican missionaries; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
BALTIMORE POLICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting estimates of General Dix for pay of spe-
cial police force; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
WAR DEPARTMENT ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting estimates of appropriations for the War
Department for the current year, and for the year
ending June 30, 1863; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
1 PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. McPHERSON asked the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to furnish the House of Representatives with a statement of
the public debt up to this day, with the various items com-
posing it, together with the average rate of interest paid on
the entiie debt.
Mr. OLIN. I object, for the reason that such
resolutions do no good, and involve a large cost.
They are required at the Department to employ
about fifty additional clerks in furnishing such
information.
PRINTING OF HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALTON", of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printtng, reported the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
five thousand copies of tho act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain.
PRINTING OF REPORT ON DISLOYALTY.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The Committee
on Printing have instructed me to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
committee on the diMoj ally of employes of the Government
be printed for the u*e of the House.
I desire to state that the Committee on Printing
were indisposed to rcpoit this resolution. The
report to which it refers has been, in great pait,
printed. But it appears that many of the employes
of the Government, against whom charges of dis-
loyalty have been made, upon further examina-
tion have been entirely exonerated, and it is a
matter of justice to them that the full report he
published.
The resolution was rejected.
PURCHASE OP DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am also in-
structed to report back the memorial of Gales &
Sealon, with a resolution to purchase the Annals
of Congress and Registerof Debates. I move that
themcmortaland resolutionbc printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have printed an
amendment which I propose at the proper time to
submit to House bill No. 471.
No objection being made, the order to print was
made.
PAY OF NEBRASKA CONTESTANT.
Mr. LOOMIS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, repot ted the following resolution, and moved
its adoption:
Rcsoh ed. That the usual compensation, without mileage,
fiom and ai'ter the 2.">th day of'July, 3 So I, to and including
the 7th day of May. 1SJ2. be paid to J. tireihng Morton, con-
testant lor the seat ot Hon. Samull O. Daily, Delegate
from the Teuitory of Ncbiaska; and that ihe tame be paid
by the Clerk out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. LOOMIS. This resolution is in Compli-
ance with what has been the universal practice of
the House, to pay compensation to the unsuc-
cessful contestant whetc the committee believe
that the contest was bona Jide. The whole matter
is obvious upon the face of the resolution, and I
demand the previous question.
Mr. FRANK. If it is in order, I desire to ob-
ject to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was reported
on the regular call of the committees.
Mr. FRANK. I ask the gentleman from Con-
necticut to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. LOOMIS. I will withdraw it.
Mr. FRANK. I simply wish to sfate that the
contestant has already received $2,600 from this
House during the Thirty-Seventh Congress, as a
contestant from Nebraska, and as I understand
this resolution, it proposes now to give him nearly
$4,000 more.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask my
colleague what this contestant would receive in
the shape of mileage if computed strictly in ac-
cordance with law?
Mr. FRANK. I cannot at this moment give
the exact amount.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. About how much?
Mr. FRANK. My recollection is that he re-
ceived before about $1,580 as mileage.
v Mr. F. A. CONKLING. How much was he
entitled to in accordancc with the law, to be com-
puted by the usually traveled route?
Mr. FRANK. 1 cannot say precisely. I will
state that the reason of my calling the attention of
the House to the subject is, that the contestant has
already received $2,600 for one contest during the
present Congress. He now asks, as f understand
it, for nearly $4,000 more, and if he shall choose
to make another contest at the next session, I
suppose we would be called upon for still another
amount of compensation and mileage.
Mr. LOOMIS. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Frank,] I will say that it has been the practice
of this House to pay an unsuccessful contestant
mileage and compensation up to the time when
his case was finally disposed of on its merits. The
Committee of Elections heard this case on a pre-
liminary matter at the last session. It was then
heard on the question whether Mr. Morton, the
contestant, who came here with the certificate of
the Governor of Nebraska, should be allowed to
occupy the position of sitting Delegate m this
House during the pendency of the question as to
the merits of the case. The question was decided
against the contestant, Mr. Morton, by the House.
Then the contestant proceeded to test—as he had
the right to do—the merits of his case, that is, to
determine who, by the votes of the people of Ne-
braska, was entitled to represent that Territory
upon this floor. The contestant had a perfect
right to test this matter on its merits. Indeed, he
came hero not as the contestant. He came here
with the same certificate that every member brings
here, to wit, the certificate of the Governor of the
Territory, who was authorized to give it. The
Committee of Elections were unable to dispose of
his case on its merits during the short time that
they had at the extra session of Congress. It was
inevitable, therefore, that his cause should be
postponed upon us merits to this session.
In regard to what the gentleman from New York
says of the amount the contestant drew at the last
session of Congress, J will admit that there was
a resolution adopted to pay him mileage and com-
pensation up to that time, which amounted in all
to about twenty-five hundred dollars. This in-
cluded his compensation up to the 25th day of July
last, and the gentleman is mistaken ni regard to
the amount now proposed to be added. We ex-
pressly exclude nil mileage for this session of Con-
gress by the terms of the resolui ion, and only pro-
pose to pay his monthly compensation from the
25th of Jaly up to the 7th day of May, the day
on which his cause was finally disposed of by the
action of the House. I think he isentitled to com-
