1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
and exercising high functions, as a member of
this body.
But, again, that Senator sat on this floor during
the whole of the last session of Congress. He
voted for supplies; he voted to ratify the act by
which he was appointed a brigadier general; he
voted to ratify the authority by which his agent
in Kansas was raising forces; and he voted for
the organization of that army which he afterwards
led in the field; for, sir, upon this point I have
omitted to say that among the papers is one of
his proclamations dated on the 19th of September,
in which lie calls himself the " commanding gen-
eral." lie voted for alt these objects; he, at that
time, occupying a position equivocal, or at least
uncertain, (for I do not wish to use any word that
might be considered in the least degree disrespect-
ful to him or anybody else,) in reference to this
appointment from the President. Why, sir, here
is a member of the Senate of the United States
with an appointment in the Army held over his
head for six months for his acceptance, and he
voting upon his own pay, voting upon every
measure connected with the organization of the
Army into which he may at any time step and
occupy ahigh and honorable command. Isitnot
so ? Has not that been the condition of the sit ting
Senator from the time I made my appearance here
in July last down to the present moment?
Now, sir, suppose the President of the United
States had been impeached for this usurpation, as
some gentlemen seem to consider it. I beg, how-
ever, to repeat again that I have never said it was
a usurpation,and do not so consider ltnow—but
suppose the President of the United States had
been impeached for this exercise of illegal author-
ity; the sitting member, if he was entitled to
continue to occupy a seat on this floor, was au-
thorized to vote upon the question of impeach-
ment, to be ajudgeof the President of the United
States for the very act by which lie profited, or
might have profited, or might then afterwards
have profited. Now suppose that every member
of this body, or a majority of the members of this
body, should occupy the position which the sitting
member has occupied for six months past, what
would be the condition of the Senate? The Pres-
ident conferring upon them illegal appointments,
they voting to ratify and confirm them, and hold-
ing open still the question of their acceptance,
voting-the appropriations by which they are to be
paid, by which power, honor, command are to be
conferred upon them. Sir, do you see no impro-
priety in this? Do you see no violation of the
spirit and meaning of the Constitution ? The King
of Great Britain has power to create peers of the
realm, and in this way to control at least one branch
of Parliament. The Prosidentof the United States
has no power to create Senators; but if he can
make them generals without authority of law, and
they can hold the office without authority of law,
what is the difference between his power and that
of the King of Great Britain? The Emperor of
Fiance makes Ins own Senate, prescribes their
powers, and even the limit of debate; but recently,
in his financial difficulties, he has had the manli-
ness to admit that excess of power has misled
him, and he agrees to place a new restraint upon
his own authority. Shall the Senate of the United
States, so far from limiting the authority of the
President and its own authority within the pro-
visions of the Constitution, reverse all the princi-
ples of republicanism, and enlarge the powers of
the President and of themselves at the same time?
The rebel government sought to be established
at Richmond has adopted this provision in its
constitution, that members of the icbcl congress
may be appointed by the executive to office, be-
cause, as everybody knows, they are disposed to
reverse the principle's of this Government, to es-
tablish a despotism instead of a republic. Mr.
President, if we are to adopt the same principle,
if we are to follow the example of the rebel gov-
ernment, if we are to approach the principles
which are maintained in foreign despotisms, let us
at least do it in a manly and open way; let sumo
member of the Senate propose an amendment of
the Constitution by which this provision shall be
stricken from it; but let it not be trampled under
foot by a usurpation on the part of the President,
according to the supposition of gentlemen here,
and an aequicsecneo m it on the part of the Senate.
Mr. President, I confess that 1 have been am-
bitious to occupy a seaton the floor of the Senate,
for I have heretofore considered it the most august
legislative body in the world, representing the
power, the dignity, the greatness of our Govern-
ment, and at the same time the independence of its
legislation. If the ambition which 1 confess were
a bad and unscrupulous one, I would desire no
better field than the Senate of the United^ States
for the gratification of such ambition, if this prin-
ciple is to be adopted by which a Senator may
conspire with the President of the United States
for the creation of an illegal force for his benefit,
and may occupy it without vacating his seat in
the Senate. Sir, the Senate may take a different
view of this question from that which I have pre-
sented. I may be disappointed in the expectation
I have entertained. I shall consider it a misfor-
tune to myself; but there will remain at least this
consolation, that I shall not participate in the act,
nor be responsible for the consequences of estab-
lishing so mischievous and dangerous a precedent.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, had I not been
a member of the committee by whom these reso-
lutions were reported, I should have forborne to
take any part in this debate. I stand, in regard to
the individuals, perfectly unbiased with .reference
to it; and I look upon the case, not as of so much
importance as rcgaids the particular case, but as
regards the construction of the Constitution, and
the precedent which is to be set. If the Senate
will bear with me for a short time, therefore, with-
out seeking to controvert the arguments of others,
I will express the views which governed me in the
conclusion at which I arrived, because they have
not been as exactly expressed as they occur to my
own mind.
It is not necessary to recite the facts of the case.
They are familiar to the Senate. The clause of
the Federal Constitution under which the whole
question of the case arises is the last clause of the
sixth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion. The previous portion, that—
"No Senatoi or RepiP^ont.itive s*hall, durinstlio trim for
winch 111' was elected, be appointed to any civil office un-
der the, mtliority of the United States which shall liavo boon
created, 01 the emolument:* wheicof shall have been in-
creased, duiing such tunc-'—
is of course wholly immaterial to the present ques-
tion. Then follows the other provision:
"And no person holdin^any office under the United State?
shall be a member of either iioiw during his continuance
in office."
In order to give a construction to the whole of j
that portion of the section—the last clause as well
as the first—I piesume that the true principle is
to look to the objects with which we must sup-
pose the ilause was insetted; and to give such a
construction to the words, if they are capable of
bearing it, as will reach the evil which it was ne-
cessary to remedy by such a clause. What, then,
let measli, must have been the object of that clause
which says that no person holding any office un-
der the United States shall be a member of either
House during his continuance 111 office ? I musk
look to the form of our Government for that. If
I have not read public law incoirectly, the great
principle which seveis a free Government from a
despotic Government is the division ot the poweis
of "'ovci nmcn t between three coordinate bra nches,
thi? judicial, the executive, and the legislative—■
the legislative being the primary, the most ex-
tended, and the most indefinite power. So says
Montesquieu; and in the Federalist you will imd
that the whole structure of our Government, as a
free Government, is based upon the intent and
purpose of keeping these different blanches as sep-
arate as they possibly can be in the performance
of their lespective functions, and of severing the
agents who are to perform the duties under each
great branch of Government wli ich is indicated by
the Constitution. That was the great purpose of
this clause, and it was inserted as essential to con-
stitute ours a free Government as distinguished
from a Government of will. At the same time that
the leading purpose is to sever the agents who are
to cairy on the three great blanches of the Gov-
ernment, and to forbid a man to be a legislator—
which is the higher power—and at the same time
to pcrfoim executive or administrative functions
as an oilicer of the Government, there is the fur-
ther intent to prevent the Executive authority from
having an indirect influence over the legislative
body by that bias which would arise if he had
the power to confer upon members of Congress
office with its emoluments, or without emoluments
I with its authority.
The Constitution, then, in my judgment, meant
to sever the functions of these departments 00 ac-
count of the character of the Government itself, and
meant also to preclude Executive influence over
the legislative power. If that be the object, are
we to give a technical construction to this clause?
Are we to say that a position must be technically
'' an officethat if a man is appointed as brigadier
general of volunteers, and is sworn in as brigadier
general of the Army, he therefore does not hold
any office under the authority of the United States?
I11 my judgment, if he is exercising a public duty
of an executive or administrative character—and
army duties of course are of that character—under
the authority of the United States, he comes within
the scope and intentof the provision. Itismeant
to preclude the agent from being a legislator and
at the same time an executive officer, military or
civil, under the Government of the United States.
The fact that a man made a mistake, and sup-
posed he could justly hold both offices, cannot
alter the question in a constitutional aspect.
Jf I am right in my principle,let me apply it to
the facts of this case. General Lane, or rather
Senator Lane—for, as was said by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] that is the
proper term to apply while he is a member of this
body—was duly electcd in April last, by the Le-
gislature of Kansas, to the Senate of the United
States. Being a member of the Senate, (although
he had not been sworn in,) whose tenp commenced
011 the 4th of March, 1861, he was, on the 20th of
June, appointed by the President of the United
States a brigadier general, if you please of volun-
teers, or what you will, but still a brigadier gen-
eral in the Army of the United States, because I
hold it to be certain that whether a man is a vol-
unteer, a militiaman, or a regular, if he is mus-
tered into the service of the United States he is in
the Army of the United States, and holds office
under the United States.
Being so appointed under those circumstances,
the next question is, did he accept the appoint-
ment > Certainly the President cannot deprive any
gentleman of his position as a legislator by ten-
dering to him an office which he does not choose
to accept; but hero the Senator was sworn as a
brigadier general. He was, therefore, 1 suppose,
mustered into the service of the United States.
He became liable when that oath was taken to Lhe
military rules and regulations governing the Army
of the United States. He became, 111 my judg-
ment, an officer of the United States, incapable of
holding a seat 111 the Senate of the United States
while he retained that office. I shall notice only
two of the leading objections that have been made
to this position. Most of the objections, it seems
to me, are merely technical; but there is one which
I am free to admit is a subject on which men may
well differ, and I can only arrive at the conclusion
that my best judgment leads me to on a fair con-
struction of the Constitution, in view of its intent
and purpose.
One objection—stated, I think, and argued at
length by the honorable Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark]—was that Mr. Lane, having
been appointed on the 20th of June, before he was
sworn 111 as a Senator, the disqualification cannot
apply, because he was not a member of the Sen-
ate till he was sworn 111. 1 shall not discuss that
point; but I think it might well bo argued that, as
the Constitution intended to sever these agencies,
the disqualification applies the moment the term
of service begins. In most of the States members
are elected to the House of Representatives before
the term of office commences; so arc Senators gen-
erally elected before the term commences; but the
term is a fixed, determinate term, which cannot
be altered. It was fixed at the very origin of the
Government, when the Constitution first went into
operation. The term begins oil the 4th of March.
A person elected antecedently may hold any office
up to that, undoubtedly; and if it were necessary
in this case to argue the question whether a mem-
ber elect of the Senate or House of Representa-
tives could hold an office after the 4th ot March,
and yet retain his right to be sworn in as a mem-
ber, I should think it atleasta doubtful question.
He certainly has, under your laws, certain rights;
he may have duties to perforin. He is allowed,
under your franking law, the right to frank from
the time his teim commences; he is allowed to
receive his pay, after the regular session com-
mences, from the time that his term began. He
