340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
is, therefore, in some sense, certainly a member
of the House, though he may not be able to per-
form the duties of the place until he is sworn in.
The clause of the Constitution, however, uses the
language " no person holding an office." Does
not a man hold an office, I may aslc, if he has au-
thority to exercise functions beneficial to himself,
to receive emoluments for himself during a period
of time in which he is holding thatoffice ? It seems
to me there can be no doubtupon this point when
you look at the clause of the Constitution and con-
sider its object. If you think I am in error as to
the object, you may give a different construction
to the clause; but if the question was necessary to
be met, I should incline to give the construction
to it, that, from the time the term—which is a
fixed term—commences, the party is incapacitated
if he retains the office, and cannot take his seat in
Congress. On this point, however, we have had
authorities cited from the House of Representa-
tives. I do not know of any in the Senate, though
they may even exist here; for I have not exam-
ined that question, for a reason which I will state
presently. These authorities go to this extent,
and no further: that where the party is a member
elect and not sworn, he is not within the clause
of the Constitution, and lie may hold his office up
to the time of his being sworn in as a Senator or
Representative. That is the principal of the de-
cisions that have been cited; and the language
used in them* is, that, if he resigns before he is
sworn in, he may then be lawfully sworn in,
though he has held the office, and performed its
duties and received its emoluments up to that time.
Then, how is the case here? The Senator ac-
cepts an office on the 20th of June, performs func-
tions under it, makes requisitions 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire now to cor-
rect the facts of the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield the lloor to the Senator
from Kansas?
Mr. BAYARD. Of course I yield. I should be
very incapable, intentionally, of misstating a fact.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think this is a good
opportunity to state it. The two appointments
were handed to Colonel Weeron the 20th of June.
On the next day 1 called upon General Scott, hav-
ing heard in the morning an intimation of an opin-
ion that it would interfere with my senatorial seat;
that way after Colonel Weor had started for Kan-
sas. I could not get an interview with General
Scott on the 21st, but on thc22d [ did. He then
told me that he could not recognize me as a brig-
adier general unul I resigned my seat in the Sen-
ate. I then told him expressly that I could not
accept the appointment. On the bamu day I in-
formed the Piesidentand the Secretary of War that
I could not accept it, for the reason that General
Scott had cxpiessed the opinion that it interfered
with my sent on tins lloor.
I say here, now, that I shall be able to show to
the Senate that there has not been one single act
performed by me under that appointment, after
Colonel Weer left this city with the body of that
proclamation drafted, unsigned by me; and the
heading of it, to which gentlemen have alluded,
was not to the proclamation then; it was the mere
body, the rough draft.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr, President, I, of course,
have no desire to dispute any declaration made by
the honorable Senator; but I must take the facts
as they appeared before the committee and are
proved in the ca.se. I know of no proof whatever
that the honorable gentleman sent'any notice to
the Secretary of War that he would not accept
tlm appointment; but on the face of the papers
before us, the pioof is, that as late as the 26th of
June, requisitions weie made by him. I care not
whether those requisitions were signed by him as
brigadier general or signed simply with his name;
that is perfectly immaterial. When the President
of the United States sends us a nomination, he does
not sign the title of his office, but merely appends
his own individual signature. The mere affair of
putting the title of office after the name does not
alter the question of assumption of authority.
Whalevet the Senator may have said to General
Scott, or what may hu\e been General Scott's
opinion makes no difference. The question is
whether or not these requisitions were not drawn
as late as the 2Gth of June, and recognized and
acted upon by the Quartermaster General of the
United States? And how could he do it if the
honorable gentleman was not in the service of the
United States? On what principle could General
Meigs have obeyed these requisitions if there was
no authority on the part of the party making them,
as a military officer, to make them in accordance
with the previous order of the Secretary of War
and his own appointment?
I submit, then, that it is perfectly immaterial
what was the intent of the party. 1 have admit-
ted that the gentleman believed he could perform
these functions without being in the service of the
United States as an officer, and at the same time
hold his steat in the Senate. I think not. That
is a matter of opinion; and if he erred in opinion,
of course he must take the legal consequences of
the error, as must every other man who commits
a similar error. His acts were inconsistent.
Then, again, as 'regards this proclamation, I
believe the facts stated are, that it was drawn by
Senator Lane, though he did not sign it, but Col-
onel Weer signed it with his name; and that came
to his knowledge subsequently. The proclama-
tion authorized the mustering into the service
of the United States of troops by the authority of
James H. Lane, as a brigadier general. I take it
for granted that that is some evidence at any rate
of his continuance in the performance of the du-
ties of brigadier general. I go further. It appears
on the testimony—and that answers in my mind
the whole argument as to the alleged resignation
of the office before he was sworn in as a Senator
—that as late as the 10th of July, after he had
been sworn in, and was certainly a member of the
Senate, an act was done by him, or at his request,
which could not have been done except on the
presumption that he was a brigadier general in the
service of the United States. I refer to the testi-
mony of Mr. Thomas, by which it appears that
an officer was detailed on the 10th of July "to
muster in General Lane's brigade. The compa-
nies will be mustered in as presented, even though
less than the standard, and will be filled up after-
wards;" and he says that it was "at the request
ot General Lane" that this order was given.
How can it be said that the office was resigned,
when he requested that his companies should be
mustered into service, whether they weic full or
not, and when an order to that effect was given?
Was not that an official act? It makes no differ-
ence to me whether there was a formal order
drawn in writing or not; it is enough for me to
know that the party acts m an office into which
he has been previously sworn. He was sworn
m by the oath subjecting himself to the Army
"rules and regulations on the 20th of June. He
continued in the performance of the functions of
the office up to the 10th of July, at any rate.
There is no evidence of resignation in any way;
and certainly the presumption is that if the party
accepts and acts under an appointment to office,
,hc continues in the office until he resigns it; but
here the evidence seems to me to be the other
way; and so far from there having been a resig-
nation, the acts done clearly show a continuance
in office. I put aside entirely the declarations
made by the honorable Senator to General Scott,
or what was General Scott's opinion. He was
recognized by the Adjutant General's department;
he was recognized by the Quartermaster General
as in the service of the United States as late as
the 10th of July; and that on his own request.
Then can it be said that lie had resigned the office ?
He was sworn in. The oath is conclusive as to
his having been mustered into the service, because
that oath shows that he was bound to obey the
rules and regulations for the service of the Army.
I hold, therefore, that up to the 10th day of July
he was an officer in the Army of the United
States, if there be no other ground on which you
can say that he had ceased to hold that office.
I come then to the other question, which, as I
have already said, is one on which gentlemen may
well differ. I shall merely state my own views
in regard to it. Beyond the precedept, I care noth-
ing about the decision in this particular case; but
I am bound to follow my own judgment as to the
proper construction of the Constitution. 1 agree
in the definition of an office, read by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, from Bacon:
a it is said that every man isapublic oflioei who hath any
duty concerning the public.
I think that is the trtfe principle. The question
of technicalities, in my mind, is entirely aside
from this. The question is, has he accepted, and
is he exercising authority under the United States ?
If so, the evil that was intended to be remedied by
severing the administrative and legislative func-
tions, and forbidding a man being a member of
the legislature at the same time that he was per-
forming functions of an administrative character,
whether in the Army or in civil life, requires that
you should give an exposition to the Constitution
without regard to the regularity of the appoint-
ment. Surely it would not be contended for a
moment that if a man was an officer de facto irreg-
ularly appointed, he was therefore not an officer
within the intent and meaning of this clause of
the Constitution, though he might subsequently
be removed,from his office by quo warranto, or in
any other way. The objection on this point is
from the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris.] I mean to state it fairly, and give what
I think is the answer to it. The honorable Sen-
ator says that there must be an office, and that if
there is no legal office, the principle of holding an
office de facto does not apply.
But, Mr. President, there is such an office as
brigadier general in the armies of the United
States; it is known to the laws of the United
States. Whether one man is irregularly appointed
or not, does not affect the question in my mind;
the point is whether he has been appointed by the
appointing power, which, in the recess of the Sen-
ate, is the President, the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy. If he has been so appointed,
and accepts the appointment, even on the princi-
ple of estoppel I should hold that he could not
assume the authority under the appointment and
afterwards escape from the consequences of that
assumption when it might conflict with his views
or interests in other respects. This principle Sf
estoppel, allow me to say, is not a technical one
at all; it is not one which the courts frown upon.
The law of estoppel as to matters by deed is a
technical principle, and as to that judges have con-
stantly said it is to be strictly construed and not
to b*e favored; but the law of estoppel arising
from acts of the party, or matters in pais> is fa-
vored in law, because the principle of it is that a
man shall not be allowed to do inconsistent acts.
Let me illustrate by a single case. A man claims
from another, and makes a demand of goods that
he has in his possession. The other claims the
entire right of property as the owner of those
goods, no more. The ease has occurred in the
State of New York, and perhaps in other States.
The party brings his action of trover or replevin,
as the cas§. may be, to recover the goods; he is
not allowed on the trial to set up a lien that he has
on them, because that would be bad faith, and
would be inconsistent with his former claim. That
is the principle of estoppel in pais. I might go
on and give fifty illustrations of the doctrine. The
doctrine of estoppel in pais is a doctrine founded
in reason and justice. The estoppel in this case
is that the party having, by his assumption *of
authority under the appointment given to him,
done acts under it, cannot be permitted now for
any purpose, when the effect of those acts may be
disagreeable or disadvantageous to him, to ques-
tion his own admission arising from the accept-
ance of the office, and his acts under it.
That would be a sufficient answer to this point,
in my judgment; but there is a further answer.
If the office is known to the law, the fact whether
one man or another holds it properly or improp-
eily is immaterial. The question is, does he hold
it? Does he exercise its functions ? Or are you
prepared to say that the President of the United
States having withoutany law called men into ser-
vice as volunteers for three years and appointed
officers for them, those officers have no semblance
of authority; in other words, that if they gave any
orders, all those who acted under them were tres-
passers, and that if they made use of their arms
by which a man was killed, they were all guilty
of murder, because there was an entire absence
of authority? I think not. I think as the ap-
pointing power is in the President, and the office
is an office known to the law, and the office being
filled—no matter whether your laws say you shall
have one or a dozen or twenty or any other num-
ber of brigadier generals—if the party has been
appointed a brigadier general by the President of
the United States, and enters upon the perform-
ance of its duties, he holds the office de facto, and
to a certain extent acts done under it will be
justified.
