1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to insert after the
word " circus," the word " menagerie."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has been
moved and voted down.
Mr. EDWARDS. I beg leave to differ from
the Chair. The motion that was voted down was
to insert the words " menagerie or caravart."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order. Does the gentleman
appeal ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Oh, no; I should be unwill-
ing to appeal upon such a subject.
The nineteenth paragraph was read, as follows:
19. Confectioners shall pay ten dollais for each license.
Every person who sells at retail confectionery, sweetmeats,
comfits, or other confects, in any building, shall be regarded
as a confectioner under this act.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to amend that paragragh
by inserting after the word "building" the fol-
lowing:
And who has a stock therein of any of the articles afore-
said of §200 or more,
Mr. Chairman, there are many retail establish-
ments throughout the country where they keep a
small assortment of confectionery in connection
with other articles which they sell at retail, such
as dry goods and groceries, for instance; and it
seems to mo that it would be wrong to compel
those persons, who keep these articles for the
mere purpose ofaffording variety, to pay a license
often dollars per annum, which would, in many
instances,' exceed the amount they had invested
in confectionery.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman will find that
his amendment is provided for in the sixty-third
section, on page 55.
The CHAIRMAN. It applies to confectioners
whose stock exceeds $1,000.
Mr. ALLEN. I insist upon my amendment.
I think that those persons who keep but a small
stock of confectionery should not be taxed. In
the rural districts, as we all know, there are many
places where a person would not be justified in
keeping confectionery alone, or groceries alone,
and where it is necessary that they should unite
the two.
Mr. Allen's amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend the nineteenth paragraph, by adding the
following words:
But wholesale and retail dealers, having taken out a li-
cense therefor, shall not bp requned to take out a license
as confectioners, anything 111 tins act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
This is the same amendment that has been
adopted to the other paragraphs by the consent of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to strike
out the nineteenth paragraph, as amended, as fol-
lows:
19. Confectioners shall pay ten dollars for each lieensc.
Every person who «elU at retail confectionery, sweetmeats,
comfits, or other confncts, m any building, shad be regarded
as a confcctioncr nndei this act. iku wholesale ami tetail
dealers, having taken out a license therefor, shall not be
required to take out a license as confectioners, anything in
this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend by,strik-
ing out of the paragraph the words 4t who sells,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the words 14 whose
business it is to make and sell." I do not under-
stand that a confectioner is a person who merely
sells, but is a person who makes and sells the
articles in which he deals.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr Rice's motion
to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, withdrew the
motion.
Mr. HOOPER. I move the following as an
additional paragraph:
Livery stable keepers shall pay ten dollars for each li-
cense. Any pcuson whose occupation it id to keep horses
lor hire or to let, &hall be legaided as a livery stable keeper
under this act.
The amendment was adopted.
The twentieth paragraph was read, as follows:
SO, Horse dealers shall pay lot each license the sum of
ten dollais, Any person whose business it is to buy and
sell horses and mules shall be regatded as a horse dealei
under this act.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what, in the estimation of that committee, is the
meaning of this paragraph? I know that, in my
State a large number of men who are commonly
called farmers or graziers are engaged very ex-
tensively in the business of buying and selling
horses and mules. The phraseology of this para-
graph might include them. I wish to know whether
that is the intention of the Committee of Ways
and Means?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the paragraph does
not include the raisers of stock, but simply those
who are professional buyers and sellers of stock.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to amend the paragraph
by inserting before the word "business" the word
" exclusive*," so that it will read, "any person
whose exclusive business it is to buy and sell,"
&.c-
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the para-
graph by adding as follows:
Provided, That if such dealer shall have taken out a li-
cense as a livery stable keeper, no new license shall be
lequned.
In country places these two branches of busi-
ness are almostmvariably united. There is hatdly
a livery stable where dealing in horses is not con-
nected with it to a greater or less extent. I do not
think that it should be the policy of the committee
to duplicate licenses. I suppose that their inten-
tion is to classify business, as nearly as may be,
into wholesale and retail dealers, and to let one
license cover, as far as possible, all the business
earned on under it.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
tiie twenty-third paragraph, by striking out after
the words "sell as aforesaid," the words "at
wholesale, "and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" dry goods, foreign or domestic, by one or moic
original packages or pieces,at one time to the same
person;" so that the paiagraph will read:
23. l'eddlern shall be classified and rated as follown, to
wit. when traveling with moio than two hoi-es, the fust
class, and shall pay twenty dollar foi each license ; when
tiavelmg with two hordes, the second class, and bhall pa>
fifteen dollais fm each licence; when tiavoling with one
horse, the thud cla^, and shall pay ten dollars for each
lioon^e; when traveling on toot, the lointh clas-s. and shall
pay five dollais for each license. Any pei?on who -,dUoi
oflVi> to M.-II at retail, goods, ware1?, 01 other commodities
tiavehng fiom place to place in the stieet, or throujii dif-
fcieut patts of the country, shall be legaided a peddlei
nndei this act: Ptovided, Th.ir any peddler who «:ell^, 01
ofiVrs to sell, as atme-iaid, diy goods, foreum 01 domestic,
by one or moie oilginal packages or pipce-.,at one time, to
the same poison, shall pay titty doliaus for each license.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment. to come in at the end of the twenty-third
paragraph:
Pro tided further, That street venders of newspapers,
magazine^, or peuodical publications, matches, apples,
or<u ees,oi any de^ciiption offresh fruits, or confectionery,
or nuts, who sell such commodities at ceitain stands upon
the stieet, 01 by perambulating the htiects, whose gioss
receipts s-hall not exceed §1,000 per annum, <<liall not he
deemed or taken to be peddlers, within the intent and
meaning of this act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following amendment, to come in between the
twentieth and twenty-first paragraphs:
Cattle brokers shall pay for each licensc the sum of ten
dollars. Any person whose business it is to buy and sell
and deal m cattle, hogs, and s-heep, shall be regarded as a
cattle broken
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. I-ItCKMAN, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following amendment as a new para-
graph, to come in after the seventeenth:
Ju«?lois shall pay i<M paeh license twenty dollars. Any
person who performs by slight of hand, or feats of preslidigi
tation, shall bo legaided as a juggler under this act.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend the defi-
nition so as to make it. include everybody who
owns a jus:. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following as a new paragraph to come in after
the twuutiuh:
Dog dealers biiail pay foi each license the sum of one
dollai. Any pctson who keeps a dog of any kind shall be
resided as'a dog dealer undei this act.
I am informed, Mr. Chairman, that during the
past year there have been seventy-five thousand
sheep killed bydogsin the State of Ohio. Although
the amendment may excite the mirthfulness of
members, yet I regard it as a very important prop-
osition. A very large tax might be raised from it,
and we would be taxing a very useless animal.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that his amendment would
come in more properly on page 76, schedule A,
under the heading of "slaughtered cattle, hogs,
and sheep."
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that if he puts a tax of one dollar on each
dog, instead of on each dog holder, I will vote
for it.
Mr. BLAKE. I think that we can get a tax
much easier from the dog holder than from the
dog.
Mr. STEVENS. Buta man may keep ten doga
under this amendment, and pay but one dollar.
I think he should be made to pay a dollar for each.
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw my amendment for
the present.
Mr, JOHNSON. I move to amend the twenty-
third paragraph, by adding the following proviso:
Provided fin t her, That breweis and bottlers or manufac-
ture! s ot m'tnetal wateis who deliver then goods and wares
to then customeis shall not be deemed peddlers withm the
meaning of this act.
We already tax brewers in several ways. I
desire by this amendment to prevent the taxing
of their wagons which go about the streets to de-
ll liver goods to their customers. To guard against
|i difficulty on that score 1 offer this amendment,
ij Mr. &IORRILL,uf Vermont. The gentleman
1! will see on looking at the sixty-fourth section that
11 this paragraph docs not apply to persons who sell
jj their own productions.
!| The amendment was rejected.
;j Mr. TRAIN. I move to strike out all after the
ij word " shall" in line one hundred and seventy-
!' five, down to and including the word " shall" in
line one hundred and eighty-one, so that the par-
agraph will read, peddlers shall pay five dollars
for each license." We have already imposed a
tax of fifty dollars on every wholesale merchant.
Mr. Stewait, the eminent New York merchant,
pays fifty dollars a year, and does a business of
$10,000,000. It is the same with Mr. James M.
Beebe, of Boston. A peddfer who runs a couple
of wagons and does a business of $10,000 a year,
has to pay, under the bill, twenty dollars. In
New England it is not always the man who owns
the goods who peddles them; but merchants em-
ploy men who own wagons and horses to sell
goods for them by peddling. These merchants
have regular lines of customers in this way, as
well as the men who do business in regular es-
tablishments. For instance, a manufacturer of
cigars has a line of customers whom he supplies
through the agency of peddlers. And so with
confectioners, and so with stationers, and with all
the various classes of business that such men
would do. Their whole business would not amount
to $50,000 a year, yet under this provision of the
bill you would require such an establishment to
pay a license of eighty dollars. My proposition
is, that such an establishment shall pay five dol-
lars for every man whom they employ to drive a
peddler's wa^on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say a single
word to show the injustice of the amendment'of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Hereisaman
who is only able, from his own means, to fit up a
peddler's wagon, which he drives himself; and
here is another man who is able to fit out twenty
wagons, which he employs persons to drive. Now,
docsnotjustice require that he should pay as much
in proportion to the amount of business done by
him as the poor man pays for his one wagon r I
see no impropriety in requiring these men to pay
for their licenses in proportion to the amount of
business they do. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to insert in the one
hundred and eighty-second line, after the word
I "license," these words:
| Provided, That any peison who bhall pay An any license
1 in tins paragraph mentioned, shall not he liable to pay for
[ any license in the same of k,e>j puce.
| Mr. Chairman, I do not suppose the intention
| of the Committee ol Ways and Means, in drawing
j this amendment, was to require peddlers to pay
j two licenses, and it may be that the paragraph
i will bear the construction intended. I think, how-
