2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
pensation up to that time, in accordance with the
rule established by the practice of this House. If
any better rule can he adopted for future eases, I
will be among: the first to support it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut will allow me to sajr a word. These
cases appeal merely to the discretion of the House.
I think that every case of contest for a seat upon
this floor ought to be deckled on its own merits,
and I can see no good leason why we should pay
compensation and mileage to the contestant in
every case, whether he is successful or not. In
the last Congress I was a member of the Commit-
tee of Elections, and I tried to get a different rule
established. I am aware that the custom of the
House has been to grant compensation and mile-
age to all contestants; but, as is evident to every
member of this House,
*' ft is a custom
More honored in the breach, than the observance."
Thepracticeisnotajustone,either to the sitting
member or to the country. Where the contestant
cornea from a far-distant State, like California or
Minnesota, the mileage is enormous, and he ought
to be satisfied with <1 rawing that mileage without the
monthly compensation. If wc continue the sys-
tem that has been in operation heretofore we only
invite contests from all of those remote Statesand
Territories. Why, sir, ever since Nebraska has
been organized into a Tenitory there has been a
contestant at every Congress for the seat upon this
floor. Contestants have made their appearance
as regularly as one Congress has followed an-
other.
It seems to be growing up into a regular busi-
ness of contesting seats upon this floor. A law-
yer, instead of practicing at the bar, can do bet-
ter by coming here, and making a contest for a
seat. Whether successful or not, he would draw
mileage and compensation. It is therefore a thriv-
ing and lucrative business. Now, sir, by con-
tinuing this system, I would not encourage men
to come to Congress for the purpose of contesting
the seats of members and Delegates. They come
here with prima facie cases, and whether success-
ful or not, we give them all compensation and
mileage.
I think that Congress ought to establish a dif-
ferent rule in relation to these cases. Where a
man comes here, and makes a contest, and the
committee are satisfied that he had a fair case, let
them report the facts, and then let the House adopt
a resolution giving him a fair compensation, but not
the regular mileage and compensation. We ought
to give the contestant, who has a fair case, a rea-
sonable compensation; say §500, $800, or $1,000,
or enough to pay for his board and expenses
while he was here and coming here to prosecute
his contest. I hope that the House will estab-
lish some such rule at tins time. I trust that the
Committee of Elections will take the matter into
consideration, and report a lesolution on the sub-
ject.
Mr. DAILY. I hope the House will indulge
me in making a few remarks. I do not rise for
the nuipose of uiging the adoption or the rejection
of the pending resolution. My design is simply
to correct some statements which I made when
the merits of the Nebraska contested-election case
was before the House. I was right in the state-
ment that Mr. Morton, the contestant, received
more mileage than I did. The exact amounts will
be shown by the papers which I send to the
Clerk's desk to he read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office House of Representatives
United States, May 22, I8S2.
Sir; In answer to your iiiquuv, a-? to the amount oi
money paid Air. J. s. Moiton, as contestant for a seat as
Delegate in the House ot ilepie«;entativu«, I have the honor
to inlorm you that, mulct a tevolution ot the House, there
was paid to Mr. Motion for salary liom 4th March, 18GI, to
the 25th July, 1862 *1,180 40
Mileage " J ,308 00
Total  90.688 -10
I am, very respectfully,
EMERSON' ETHEIIIDGE,
ty r, Clerk oj the House of Representative*.
Hon. S. G. Daily. 1
Ofnch Sergeant at-Arms, Ho. of Reps.,
Washington, May SI, 1882.
Sir: In reply toyonrmqmiy made oi tm  thibday I have
the honor to state that tli*  Committee on Mileage have al
lowed you one thousand M ven hundred and uim-ty-two
miles travel, the compensation for which is ,$1,433 60, which
is the sum I paid you for mileage.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD BALL, Scrgeant-at-Jlrms.
Hon. S. G. Daily.
Mr. DAILY. The difference is not so great as
I stated it. I did not then refer to the papers to
find the exact amount. The difference is seventy-
five dollars. *
I want to place myself right on another point.
It has been said that since Nebraska has been or-
ganized as a Territory, there has been a contest-
ant at every Congress for the seat of Delegate. If
there is any system in that Territory to get up
these contests, I wish to say that I have nothing
to do with it. I want to clear myself from any
imputation of that kind.
I have the papers referred to in regard to the
loyalty of the contestant, Mr. Morton. They arc
from his political friends, and they say that they
do not believe him to be a loyal man. I believe
him myself to be no more disloyal than the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] who de-
livered a speech upon this floor day before yes-
terday.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the gentle-
man from Nebraska to^rder.
Mr. DAILY. I ask that the letters be read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. FRANK. I was mistaken in saying that
this resolution would give the contestant, Mr.
Morton, the sum of $4,000. It pays him the com-
pensation alone; not compensation and mileage,
as I at first understood it, and will amount to over
twenty-three hundred dollars. This amount, in
addition to that paid him at the Julysession, will
give him about five thousand dollars. The cus-
tom as to pay of contestants by this House, is
wrong, and should be corrected. I say so not
only as regards the present case, but I wish my
lemarks to apply to all future contested-election
cases.
I havea joint resolution, whichitismy intention
to offer at the proper time, restricting the amount
to be paid contestants who fail to obtain their seats,
to $1,000. Something of the kind ought to be
passed, as we are paying a very large sum each
Congress to contestants; m many cases more than
is right. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McKnight] has well said that it is a profitable
business to contest a seat for Congress. During
this present Congress a gentleman from Oregon
has received over $7,000 for compensation and
mileage, and failed to obtain his seat. In the Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress we paid in the case of William-
son against Sickles more Chan $4,700. In that of
Crisman against Anderson over $2,000, and in the
Nebraska case of that Congress, $2,350. In this
Congress we have also paid Kline, who contested
the seat of Mr. Verrce, $3,112. We also paid
Butler, the contestant for Mr. Lehman's seat, over
$2,700. It is time that these enormous sums were
stopped being paid to contestants; and as Mr. Mor-
ton, in the case now before us, hasalready received
nearly $2,700, I think it sufficient, and hope the
resolution will not be passed.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word in relation to the statement made by
the gentleman from Nebraska. He has evidently
endeavored to create the impression that he had
only drawn the amount of mileage as read at the
Clerk's desk. He drew for the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, $2,160 for each session. He now draws
$1,433 60, which the Committee on Mileage has
compelled him to take. At the last session, he
diew $2,100 as mileage on his own motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I only want to say further
that Mr. Morton only drew $1,400 and odd.
Mr. LOOMIS resumed the floor.
Mr. FRANK. 1 ask the gentleman to yield to
me a moment.
Mr. LOOMIS. I think I ought not to yield
any further.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire the opportunity to say !
a few words. j(
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con- It
neeticut is entitled to the floor, and declines to !|
yield.
Air. BLAKE. I have a communication here j:
m which Morton's loyalty is impeached, and I i!
want the House to know it. .j
Mr. FRANK. I ask the gentleman from Con- ii
necticut to yield a moment, to allow me to say a
few words in reference to this matter of mileage.
Mr. LOOMIS. I must decline to yield. I call
the previous question.
Mr. FRANK demanded tellers upon seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loomis and
Robinson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-three; noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BLAKE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE called the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 61, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alrlucli, Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Baily,
Biddle, Fiancis P. Blaii, Jacob B. Blair, Wilham 6.
Brown, Calvert, Clark, Colfax, Corning, Cox. Cravens,
Crisfield, Crittenden, Dawes, Delano, Duell,Dunlap, Eng-
lish, Gooch, Glider, Hall, Johnson, William Kellogg,
Knapp, Lazear, Learv, Loomis, MaHory, Menzies, Mitch-
ell, Noell, Nu<ren, Odell, Pendleton, Feiry, Timothy G.
Phelps, Price, Alexander II. Rice, Riddle, ltobin&on, Sar-
gent, Scgnr, Sheffield, Sliiel, Smith, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fianeis Thomas, Ttaiti, Tumble, Vallandigham, Vibbard,
Vooihces, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, and Woodtuff—01.
NAYS—Mcs-.is. Alley, Babbitt, Baxter, Samuel S.Blair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chrtniberhn, Frederick A.
Conklmj, lloscoc Conklmg, Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wauN, Eliot, Ely, Fentun, Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot,
Ftank, Goodwin, Gianger,Gurluy, Hale, TIamson, Hooper,
Ilorton, Julian, ICilhnger, McKniglu, McPherson, May-
nard, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, OI in, Patton, John S. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Portei, Potter, John II. Rice, Edward II.
Rollins, Sedgwick, Sloan, Spaulding, Stratton, Trow-
bridge, Van Ilom, Van Valkenbuigh, Verree, Wall, Wal-
lace, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Wilson,and Worcester—58.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the call of the roll—
Mr. GRIDEel stated that Mr. Harding was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 329) for
the relief of John Goulding; when the Speaker
signed the same.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. FRANK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Beitresolvcd, <$*c., That hereafter whenever cither House
of Congress shall decide adversely upon a claim to be ad-
mitted to a scat therein, it shall not be lawful, in any case,
for Mich House to allow to such unsuccessful applicantfor
a seat a greater sum for pay and mileage than $1,000.
Mr. COX. That is not in the nature of a law.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to it.
The SPEAKER resumed the regular order of
business, being the call of committees for reports
of a private nature.
JAMES POOL.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with an amendment, a bill (S.No.
220) for the relief of James Pool.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to James Pool the sum of
§1,987 10 out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; provided that $487 50 of
said amount shall be paid out of any annuities or
moneys payable to the Seneca and Shawnee In-
dians, if there be any, and if none, then the whole
sum to be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out " $1,987 10" and insert " $1,267 10."
Mr. NOELL. As I ask to put this bill upon
Us passage, I will state that the amount contained
in the Senate bill is composed of three items: one
for a lut of com fuinish"d, by order of the proper
authorities, by this individual for a tribe of In-
dians; that was $487 50 Another item is for scr-
vict-s rendered ay blacksmith to the Seneca tube
oi Indians; and another for extra allowances for
services rendered the Treasury Department,
wherein this person was employed in a double
