1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
ever, from the reading of it, a construction may
be given which would require a single peddler to
pay every license the paragraph provides for.
The bill reads:
23. Peddleis shall bo classified and rated as follows, to
wit: when tiaveiius with more than two horses, the first
cla-5N,atid shall pay twenty doilais foi cacli license; when
tiaveliruj with two hoises. the second cla^, and shall pay
fifteen dollars tor each license; when tiavelmg with one
hoise, ihe thicd clasx, and shall pay ten doilais tor each
license; when traveling on foot, the fourth class, and shall
pay five dollars for each license.
Now, the same peddler may a portion of the
year travel with four horses, another portion of
the year he may travel with two horses, another
with one horse, and perhaps another portion on
foot. I am not sure that this provision, as it stands,
would not require him to pay the license attached
to each class of peddlers. To make the provision
more definite, therefore, I hope this amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is any doubt on that
subject, the gentleman's objcct could be better
accomplished by inserting in the clause providing
for the second class the words " when not travel-
ing with more than two horses," and so, in the
paragraph relating to the third class, insert" when
traveling with not more than one horse.55
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot see the
difficulty the gentleman from New Hampshire
suggests i  comprehending this section as it stands.
The licenses upon peddlers are rated according to
the class within which they come. Now, if a man
pays for the highest license, of course he would
not be called oil to pay anything further. I see
no necessity, therefore, for the amendment, and
hope it will not be adopted-
Mr. EDWARDS. Suppose he travels a por-
tion of the year with two horses, and then travels
with four horses, will he not have to take out
new licenses for the different class within which
he brings himself*
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think, if he
desires four horses any portion of the time, he
ought to pay the highest license.
Sir. EDWARDS. But he ought not to pay for
two licenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If he pays the
highest license, that is all he will have to pay.
The amendment was disagieed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend by add-
ing a fifth class, namely: " any person who ped-
dles jewelry shall pay twenty-five dollars." My
reason for offering this amendment is that a great
number of persons who travel with three or four
horses-—as some of them do in New Hampshire
—carry stoves, and cauy very little in value. The
Jew who travels on foot, and peddles jewelry;
may cairy goods of much more value, and they
can a great deal beLler afford to pay a large licensc
than the person who may drive four horses. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert in the one
hundred and eighty-second line, after the word
" persons," the words " excepting persons ped-
dling newspapers." I do not think we ought to
tax the newsboys.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move to amend inline one
hundred and eighty-four, by striking out after the
word "place, "the words "m the street, or through
different parts of thecountry." The clause now
reads:
Any person who «-elN or ofleis to moH5 at lotaii, good1*,
wait1-*. <>t oth<*i ooinmodifio.-, tiavelmg fioin place to place,
in the --tret, or tluough dilfrient pails of the countiy. ^hali
be icgai ded.i pcddlei undei uu* act.
As i understand the section as it now stands, a
peddler may ereeta booth, or may go into a build-
ing, and thus evade the requirement that he shall
pay a license, because he does not come within
the definition traveling " through different parts
of the country." I desire to provide that wheie
ever ho is he shall pay his license. If gentlemen
will look at the section as it stands they will see
that the construction I place upon it is light. A
peddlei may come into a town with his establish-
ment, and by selling m a booth or building evade
the leqmrement of the law.
Mr. .STEVENS. If he evades the payment of
a peddler's license by that means, he will have to
pay a retailei's license.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph, as follows:
Provided farther, That any person who lias a licence as
wholesale dealer, may employ peddlers to sell his goods
without further or other license.
I desire to say in answer to what has been said
by some member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that, this bill does not undertake to charge
men for licenses in proportion to the amount of
business done, or capital employed by them,be-
cause wholesale dealers or wholesale merchants
doing a business of five or ten millions of dollars
do not pay in proportion to the amount of their
business; but it is for carrying on a certain busi-
ness, whether more or less is done by them.
Now, the wholesale merchants who pay fifty
dollars license under this bill, and send their clerks
through the country from one end of the yeai to
the othei, selling goods by sample, selling hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars worth of goods, pay
no more than if the goods were sold at the counter
to their city customers, yet the man who instead
employs a peddler with a wagon and two horses
to sell the goods themselves, although he docs not
sell a hundredth part as much as the clerk who
goes about the country selling goods by sample,
must pay live, ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars in
addition, in the shape of an additional license. I
therefore hope this qualification will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from New York is entirely mistaken in the illus-
tration which he gives. In the fourteenth para-
graph it will be seen that any person who receives
orders for unbroken packages is charged a license
of fifty dollars, in section-sixty-four it is pro-
vided that the manufacturer shall not be compelled
to take out a Iiccnsc for the sale of his goods, but
it is entirely unreasonable that the wholesale dealer
should fill up the whole country with as many
peddlers as he shall see fit.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The paragraph to which
the gentleman refers relates to a description of
commercial brokers, which does notat all describe
the class of pet sons who go about the country
selling goods by sample; it describes an entirely
different class of persons.
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of enabling
me to say a woid, I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " persons." Mr.
Chairman, we require the country merchants to
take out licenses every wheie, and if these peddlers
are to be permitted to come into competition with
them fkom the large cities, and do the business
which they ought to do, it seems to me that we
should bedoing a great injustice. In the States
almost evei y where peddlers are taxed. 1 think
that peddler's who come into the country from the
large establishments in the cities to mterfeie with
the regular business of the country ought to be
required to pay a license. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Sedgwick was
disagreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to add the follow-
ing:
And any pcddlei of a lowci cla^ may, during any yeai,
have licence foi a hiiihei class by paying the diffeience in
the licenses lor the two classes for the residue of said yeai.
If we are to legislate in relation to peddlers, I
think that we ought to legislate consistently and
justly, as we would so far as any other class is
concerned. Jf they change their business during
the year, they ought not to be compelled to pay
fur the different licenses under the several classi-
fications in this bill. It seems to tne to be equi-
table to charge them only the difference between
their present licenses and the ones they may de-
sire to exchange for. The Government will not
be the losci under my amendment, and justice
will be done to this class. They will pay the dif-
ference between the amount of the license they
hold and the amount of the one thuy desire for the
remainder of the year. I hope the amendment will
be agiei d to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The object, or at
least the effect of the amendment, is to permit ped-
dlers to take out licenses for less than a year.
Mr. EDWARDS. No, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
may not intend that, but that will be_ the effect of
it. The peddler may change his license if he
changes his business. If he increases his business
then he can change his license. If he only had
two horses he can changc and take out a license
for four horses. Now, I am against this whole
thing; and I do especially object to this class of
peddlers. They pursue an illegitimate kind of
traffic, and I think that they are taxed too low in
the bill. I would tax them heavily. They are
mostly a class of sharpers, who go out into the
country with an inferior stock of articles, which
they impose upon all whom they can overreach-
I mean the clock peddlers, the peddlers of pinch"
beck jewelry, and so on. They swindle all they
can, and they ought to'be made to pay the.heaviest
tax, even if it were to destroy them altogether. -L
do not think that they deserve any consideration
at our hands. If there be any who favor the ped-
dlers of wooden clocks and nutmegs, I want the
committee to know that there are none" such in
Illinois. I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, and I hope that
it will be rejected.
On a division there were—ayes 20, noes 60; no
quorum voting.
Mr. EDWARDS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwarids
and Crisfield were appointed. . .
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 17, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. ED WARDS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. There was an exception
from the action of this paragraph in favor of the
dealers of newspapers, and I desire to have ex-
cepted another class of benevolent persons—I
mean the colporteurs of Bibles and religious tracts.
They do not go upon the principle of compensa-
tion. If they cannot sell their Bibles and religious
works, then they give them away. Theyare the
agents of Bible societies and other religious asso-
ciations. I do not think that this class of persons
ought to be taxed, and I therefore move to except
them from the operation of this paragraph.
Mr. BIDDLE. The word colporteur is the
French for peddler, or any one who carries articles
for sale suspended around his neck, and I suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky the use of Eng-
lish words. I move to amend his amendment by
inserting the words " tracts or other religious
woiks," which will cover all that the gentleman
designs to accomplish.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I presume that the word
colporteur is as well understood as any other word
in our language. It meaus those who are em-
ployed by Bible societies to go around the country
for the purpose of distributing Bibles and religious
tracts. They sell their books if they ^an, and if
they cannot, then they give them away. They
are known everywhere as colporteurs. Butl am
willing to adopt any language that will carry out
the object I have in view. 1 want all of those ex-
cepted from the operation of this paragraph who
are engaged in distributing copies of the Bible and
religious tracts. They generally are the agents
of Bible societies.
Mr. BIDDLE. My amendment to the amend-
ment is to insert the words " Bibles or religious
tracts."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment, as amended, was
adopted.
The twenty-fourth paragraph:
24. Apothecaries shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Eveiy peison who keeps a shop or building where medi-
cines are compounded or prepared according to prescrip-
tions of physicians, ami sold, bhall be regaided an apoth-
ecary undei this act.
Mr. ROLLINS,ofNew Hampshire. I move to
add the following:
But wholesale and retail dealers bavin? taken out a ii-
cense tlieiefor shall not be inquired to take out a license as
apothecary, anything in tins act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-fifth paragraph:
2o. Manufacturers shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Any person or pfr«ons, firms, companies, or corporations,
who shall manufacture by hand oi machinery, and offer foi
sale any goods, waic?, or merchandise, exceeding annually
the sum of $1,000, shall be regarded a manufacturer undei
this act.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out u $1,000," and m lieu of it to insert
" $3,000." These small manufacturers may not
be able to pay the tax of ten dollars for a license,
mid I think that it will be seen that my amend-
ment is a proper one.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me
that the whole paragraph ought to be stricken out,
