1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B283
from the slave States, and without any regard to
them ? It would have been regular to do so on the
principle now contended for, because he would
have called all the members that were then elected
to convene in Congress by his proclamation, and
if they attended, all the members elect would be in
attendance, and they would be a majority of the
whole House. But on both occasions the Execu-
tive did not convene the House as it was consti-
tuted by the elections that had then taken place".
On the contrary, measures were taken to have
special elections in all the slave States for the pur-
pose of filling up the full number of the House, and
giving all the States of the United States a chance
to elect members to the House of Representatives
and those members the opportunity of attending.
That is, to my mind, an argument, and a strong
and persuasive argument, in favor of that construc-
tion of the Constitution.
Last year, notwithstanding all the exigencies
by which we were surrounded—with the rebel-
lion upon our hands, with all the advantages
which the insurgents had in the contest—with the
start they had taken in seizing the arms in the
fortifications of the United States when they began
the war; when we had a perfect disorganization of
our Navy and of our militia system, and the
standing Army had run down to a point where it
had no efficiency whatever—when that was the
condition of things, the President, instead of con-
vening'the House of Representatives, as it would
have been constituted by the members then elected,
postponed the called session, to which ho sum-
moned the two Houses of Congress, some eighty
or ninety days, in order to enable all the States
to be represented in the Congress. It may be
urged that that was an argument of justice—that
a consideration ofjustice required it; but that was
a consideration of a very temporary and fleeting
duration. There was another, higher, and more
imperative consideration than that; and it was to
assemble Congress immediately together, in order
that the proper and energetic war measures might
be immediately passed for the purpose of putting
down the rebellion,and saving the Constitution and
the Government. Notwithstanding the extreme
urgency of this consideration, the other, which
was constitutional in its character, was found, in
the judgment of t^he President and of his Cabinet,
to be paramount; and in obediencc to this requi-
sition of the Constitution, the session was post
poned to a day that would enable every State to
be represented.
The argument offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Foster] is perfectly unanswerable
to my mind. The view taken by the honorable
President of the Senate is equally conclusive and
unanswerable, and is sustained by nearly all the
precedents. None of the gentlemen who have
spoken have shaken either of those arguments,
and in my judgment they cannot be shaken by
constitutional knowledge or by logic.. When the
Constitution speaks of a quorum of the Senate U
speaks of something that is known, that is fixed,
that is definite, that anybody who takes the pains
may ascertain exactly by inquiry, But on the
principle embodied in the resolution, would there
be anything so fixed and oeitaiu in relation to the
Senate? Surely not. In the case put by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, there might be. vacancies
in the Senate from the distant Pacific States while
the Senate was in session, while the Congress of
the Un ited States was m session, passing laws fi om
day to day. In passing those laws, it would be
nccessary to know what the quorum was,and how
would you ascertain that quorum ? Suppose there
were two vacancies in the State of Oregon and two
in the State of Califoi nia, m but one in each, how
would you know, when Congress was satins* fiom
day to day, when those vacancies occurred, and
the Governors of those States respectively had the
power to fill them by appointment, how would you
know when they were filled? Indeed, how would
you know when they happened? Suppose those
Senators were kept at home by indisposition or
any other cause, or died.
Air SHERMAN. I can answer my friend
frton Kentucky, at least to my satisfaction, if not
to 'as. The Journal shows when members pre-
.si-ni then ciodentials and aie sworn Asa matter
of course, no person can sit here and vote until
he has been sworn and taken his seat. The rec-
ord of the Senate itself shows the number of Sen-
ators who have been duly elected and qualified.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not been happy in making
myself understood by the honorable Senator. I
have not presented my point distinctly. It is
this: a Senator has left here for California, after
he has been qualified and sworn, the Senate being
in session. Suppose he dies?
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is that
by parliamentary rule we do not know of the va-
cancy until the successor comes here and pre-
sents his credentials, which establish the fact of a
vacancy, and that it has been filled. Then, and
not till then, the death of the previous Senator is
announced. The death is announced by his suc-
cessor, who brings credentials from the proper
authority of the State, presents himself, and is
sworn. Then we know that a vacancy has oc-
curred, and that it has been filled.
Mr. DAVIS. He is to be counted, then, for
no purpose until he qualifies?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the constitutional
rule and the parliamentary law.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think that is the Con-
stitution at all. The dead man or the vacant seat
would be counted until his successor was quali-
fied. But I was going to put a case which sortie
of the older Senators in the Chamber will remem-
ber; the honorable President of the Senate will
remember it. In the State of Virginia, a fgw
years ago, there was no election.for two sessions
of the Legislature of that State, because they
could not ag *ee to give a majority of votes to any
gentleman, artd from that cause there was a va-
cancy in the Senate. If that Senator, from that
State, had been present in his seat, the quorum of
the body might have been one way, while, when
he was not present, it might have been the other
way, and that very fact might have affected the
passage of bills of the most vital importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the time ofa Senator
expiies there is a vacancy, and that was the case
in Virginia. The attempt to elect was to elect a
i)ew Senator to fill a new term. As a matter of
course, when the term of a Senator expires, our
record shows the fact and shows the vacancy. If
a Senator dies during his term of office after he has
been elected and qualified, we do not know of the
vacancy until his successor comes here and pre-
sents his ciedentmls.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I desire to call attention to
a clausc of the Constitution that, I think, has
escaped gentlemen, or, at all events, has not been
brought out in this discussion, that may have a
very important bearing on it.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I refer to the last amend-
ment of t he Constitution, which provides the mode
of electing a Presidentand Vice President in a cer-
tain ease.
Mr. SUMNER. I quoted that.
Mr. DAVIS. It was brought up by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In that case it is provided
that there shall be a special quorum; not a mere
quorum consisting of Representatives Aom a ma-
jority of States in the House of Representatives,
but from two thirds of the States.
Mr. FOSTER. One member or more from two
thuds of the States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Constitution provides
that a special quorum for the election of President
! by the House of Representatives shall u consist
ij of a member or members from two thirds of the
. States." If the election of Vice Prcsiden t comes
•\ to the Senate, "a quorum for the purpose shall
!; consist of two thirds of the whole number of Sen-
'! utors;" not simply that there shall be a Senator
■ j from two thirds of the States, but two thirds of
^ the whole numbei ofSenators, including two Sen-
! atota from each State; not Senators elected, but
i Senators from States, for this is a body where
/ States are represented.
i Mr. DAVIS Precisely.
'{ Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will indulge
;i me a moment further, I will reply to a s.de remark
b of the Senator from Ohio, who says that we talk
' about Senators that do not exist. It is to be pre-
t sumed that people who live under the Constitu-
; tion know what it is, and that the States under
' the Constitution expect to be obedient to the Con-
1 stitution, and to elect Senators, and it is no more
j proper for us to presume the extieme case thatall
i the States do not or will not do it than to presume
that a majority of States will not do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, my friend does not
presume that Mississippi has not elected Senators
here, but he presumes that she has elected Sen-
ators, and that they stay away for some reason
or other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not presume that; but
if the time shall come when even one third of the
States do not elect any member to the House of
Representatives, I ask, how can you count the
votes for President?
Mr. SHERMAN. The people elect him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But how can you count
your votes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not examined that
question; it has mo reference to this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the election of Vice
President comes to the Senate, how can you count
your votes, unless two thirds of the Senators are
here ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Two thirds of the Senators
elected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Constitution says,
" two thirds of the whole number of Senators."
Mr. SUMNER. But that raises the same ques-
tion that is raised on the term " House.99 THe
phrase " whole number of Senators" is obviously
an equivalent for the phrase " a House," which
is used two or three times in the Constitution.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. My friend cannot deny
that when the Constitution in the last amendment
speaks of the quorum of the House necessary, it
requires that there should be a member or mem-
bers from two thirds of the States.
Mr. SUMNER. That my friend understands
is in the single case of balloting for President of
the United States; anditisobviously because that
balloting is on the basis of States; the vote is by
States, as he is aware.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I say is that there
is a special quorum requiring two thirds of the
States to be lepresented for that purpose, whereas
for ordinary business a simple majority consti-
tutes a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to the Senator from
Wisconsin for reproducing the argument presented
the other day by the honorable Senator from Con-„
noetic,ut, and 1 will make an application of it now.
Suppose at this very time the House of Repre-
sentatives were m the act of electing a President
of the United States 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will allow me
to suggest that I was detained from the Senate
some days by sickness, and I had not the pleasure
of listening to the argument of the Senator from
Connecticut. Ifl had been aware thatithad been
brought up before, I should not have repeated it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to you for doing it,
for it gives me another view in Connection with
this subject. Suppose the House of Representa-
tives were now in the act of electing a President,
the electoial college having failed to do so: upon
the argument of the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Massachusetts, aside from the ex-
press provision of the Constitution, a majority of
the States represented in the House might go on
and make a President. They cannot do that; and
one reason for it is that the Constitution itself de-
fines what shall constitute a quorum for that par-
ticularbustnesis. The Constitution having defined
m the matter of electing a President what is a
quotum to do that act, leaves the common defini-
tion of quorum to regulate the business and the
duties of Congress in relation to every other mat-
ter, and that is a majority of the whole number ot
the Senate. The Senator from Massachusetts
might avoid even the express constitutional pro-
vision m relation to two thirds of the States being
required to be represented in voting for President
upon his principle that so many States have abdi-
cated and ceased to be members of the Union and
Stag's in the Union, that he would regard those
who had not abdicated as constituting the whole
Union, and that a majority of two thirds of that
number could make the election.
riiesnnpIesMiglequestion is this: whatisaquo-
rum undei the Constitution ? Theargument, to my
mnid, is conclus. ve that nothing short ofa majority
o{ the whole number of the Senate can be consi-
dered a quorum. What is a quorum ? A majority
of the Senate, as constituted by the Constitution,
two members representing each State, and that ma-
jority of the whole number of members must be rep-
resented by two members from a mojorityofStates,
to constitute a quorum of the Senate. When this
