842
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
United States, which are of a public nature, involv-
ing a public duty. ^ p .
Holding these opinions, which I have endeav-
ored and I am only sorry I could not do it more
briefly—to express to the Senate, I shall be com-
pelled to vote in this case for the adoption of both
the resolutions reported by the committee. I shall
be perfectly satisfied with any decision the Senate
may make in the matter; for I admit that the case
is one in which gentlemen may well differ from
me as to the proper construction of the Federal
Constitution. I have endeavored to give my con-
struction according to the great general principle
asserted in this clause of the Constitution, whieh
I suppose to connect itself with the very found-
ation of the Government; and giving it that con-
struction, I feel myself compelled to vote for the
resolutions reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the point on
which this discussion is likely to turn has been,
I think, fairly presented by the Senator from Dela-
waie, but was previously stated quite as clearly
by the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] and
the Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] some
days since. If there was no office at the time the
appointment is supposed to have been made,, no
otlicer could have been created. The Senator from
Delaware seems to think that the President of the
United States can create a brigadier general, be-
cause the office of brigadier general was known
to the Army, and, as I infer from his reply to my
interrogatory, may at his option create an unlim-
ited number of brigadier generals or major gen-
erals. If so, he may create other officers. He
may as well create an additional judge of the Su-
preme Court, or several additional judges of the
Supreme Court, and m the recess of the Senate
thus control the judicial decisions that that tribu-
nal may be called on to render. I had supposed
that we were living under a Government of law,
and that the laws of the country clearly defined
the offices that were to be filled; that if the brig-
adier general that is supposed tohave been created
was a brigadier general of the regular Army, he
could not have been appointed and inducted into
office unless under the law there was a vacancy
to be filled. I believe,however, it is not pretended
that he was appointed as a brigadier general in the
regular Army, but as a brigadier general of vol-
unteers. ft is admitted on all hands, I think, that
at that time the President was not authorised by
law to appoint any such officers to commandthe
volunteer forces or the militia of the States, and if
so, the office did nQt exist at the time the com-
mission was given, or if it did exist it existed by
virtue of the power of the President to create an
office.
Believing that the President has no power to
crcate an office not contemplated by the laws as
they exist, I consequently dissent from the whole
tenor of the argument of the Senator fiom Dela-
'ware, as well as of the Senator from Kentucky,
who addressed the Senate a few days since on the
subject, and who, in support of his views, quoted
one precedent which lie says was based on a pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
which he then read, which I will again recite:
u The President shall nominate, and by and with the ad-'
vice ami oonsontof the Senate,shall appoint embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and ail otluu officeis of the United States whose ap-
pointments arc not heicin othetwisc provided for'"—
and the Senator ought to have added, " and which
shall be established by law." A very important
clause of the Constitution to his argument, it seems
to me, was omitted by him m the quotation which
he read to the Senate. The President has power
to appoint the officers herein named as ministers,
consuls,judges of the Supreme Court, and "all
other officers of the United States whose appoint-
ments are not herein otherwise provided for, and
which shall be established by law." Now, if this
office of brigadier general had not been authorized
by law, then by the very terms of the Constitu-
tion of the United States the President had no
power to make the appointment; and if no power
to make the appointment under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, the appointment
was void.
The statement made by the contestant now oc-
cupying the floor of the Senate, to illustrate his
argument, it seems to me was equally unfortunate.
If A propose to build a house on B5s land, and B
stands by and consents thereto', he is estopped
from coming in afterwards and claiming the title
to the premises. Nov/ for the application. He
proposes to occupy a seat oft this floor. The Sen-
ator elected by the Legislature of Kansas stands
by and protests from the very beginning. The
moment the question of his title to a seat is called
in question, he notifies the President and other
high officers of the Government that he cannot
consent, in making his election between the two,
to vacate his seat in the Senate of the United States.
It was said by the Senator from Kentucky a few
days since, that after the election has been made
the party is estopped from coming in and making
a new election. Grant it; the party has made his
election; he elects to be a Senator and not a brig-
adier general; so that if both offices had been ten-
dered him, still exercising his right of choice be-
tween the two, he has decided to be a Senator and
not a brigadier general. x
I have thought proper to make these remarks
in justification of my own vote.
Mr. COWAN. I have listened with great pleas-
ure to the learned and elaborate arguments in de-
fense of the report of this committee, and I may
say that I am exceedingly sorry that they leave
me just where they found mp, because, from the
beginning, I have been desirous, if possible, to
have the contestant here as a Senator, for I believe
he would make a respectable and useful member
of this body; and I have also been desirous to
have General Lane as a general, because 1 believe
that he will makeamostexcellcnt general. But,
Mr. President, it is not a question of inclination;
but one of power, of right.
It is alleged that General Lane has forfeited his
seat in this body because he was appointed to and
accepted an office under the United States. Now,
sir, a forfeiture is never to be enforced unless in
the clearest case'; and it must strike any one here,
after listening to the debate upon this case, that
it is by no means a clear one. Gentlemen differ
upon it in all its aspects and all its bearings. I
do not know that I can add anything to what has
been said by the Senator from Iowa who last
addressed the Senate, because he has put it as
clearly perhaps as it can be presented, and so have
others.
It is said that General Lane was appointed to
an office under the United States by the President,
and that that office was that of brigadier general
of volunteers. The first question, then, to be de-
termined is, was there such an office? because if
there was not such an office there could be no such
appointment. There might be a pretended ap-
pointment; there might be such an appointment
as actually took place m this and many other cases
under the pressing emergency in which the coun-
try found itself in the early part of last year; but
that pretended appointment, under the circum-
stances, could confer no authority upon General
Lane; it could impose no "duty upon him, even
though he had accepted it—though he had done
everything that he supposed necessary to its ac-
ceptance—yet it being a nullityand void from the
beginning, he could have no rights to perform, no
duty under it. He could exercise no authority
under it, because nobody was bound to obey him.
The essence of an office is that the officer be
obliged or be able to perform some duty, that he
be able to exercise some authoiity, and that he
be able to compel obedience to that authority.
But, sir, how was it in this case? Nobody was
bound to obey General Lane if he had issued
orders, basing them upon this appointment, be-
cause the answer was obvious: "Sir, your ap-
pointment is a nullity. The President cannot
appoint you to be a brigadier general until that
office is established by law, and it is not estab-
lished by law: therefore you have no authoiity."
This office carried no emolument with it; he could
not have drawn any pay under it; he could have
made no requisition under it which need be hon-
ored by the War Department; and therefore it
just amounted after all to nothing at all, and being
nothing from the beginning, except so far as cit°
izens, influenced by like motives with General
Lane, and all others yielded obcdiencc to it, it is
nothing sufficient to forfeit his scat as a member
of this body. That is the point, and I take it the
simple point, because it is not necessary to inquire
whether General Lane accepted this appointment
or not, for if there was no office there could be no
appointment to an office, and there could be no
acceptance of it, there being nothing to accept.
Stilt, if a majority of the Senate should be^ of
opinion that there was an office, even then I think
it is exceedingly doubtful whether General Lane
accepted it or intended to accept it. The distinct
understanding at the moment this appointment,
or whatever it was, was tendered to him, was that
a brigade should be raised in Kansas, and that in
case that brigade should be raised and the men
should choose him for their commander, in that
case, and in that case only, would he accept the
appointment. In the meanwhile, I suppose, Gen-
eral Lane and everybody else supposed that that
which then existed merely in anticipation would
be established by the Congress of the United
States, and that then he could accept it, and ac-
cept it in such a way as to vacate his seat in this
body; but I think, from all the evidence, it is per-
fectly clear that he never intended from the begin-
ning to accept this office if it interfered in any way
with his seat, in the first place until that Kansas
brigade was raised, and next until that brigade
had chosen him for its leader.
I think that everything in connection with this
case has been sufficiently elaborated; and that
every part and parcel of it is well enough under-
stood by every member of the Senate, so as to pre-
clude the necessity of any further debate, at least
upon my part.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I would sa>^ &
very short word, especially in reply to a point
made by the gentleman from Iowa and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. The position assumed
by the gentleman from Iowa is, that no office can
be filled unless it be established by law of Con-
gress. Now, I would inquire of my honorable
friend what law of Congress is there establishing
the offico of envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary to France or to England? What
law is there establishing the office of charge to
any of the Governments of the world?
Mi*. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will state to him what I
suppose is a very clear and marked distinction be-
tween this case and the case which he puts. The
President is authorized by the Constitution to ap-
point ministeis and consuls; it is not by virtue of
any law of Congress. But the President is not
authorized by the Constitution to appoint a brig-
adier general, unless the offico is established by
law.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the distinction made by
the gentleman from Illinois is a distinction with-
out a difference; and I will show why I think so.
Suppose the President is authorized by the Con-
stitution to appoint embassadors, public ministers,
and consuls expressly; suppose by the Constitu-
tion and a law of Congress he is expressly author-
ized to assemble and to conduct, as Commander-
in-Chief, an army of the United States, for the
purpose of putting down rebellion or enforcing the
execution of the laws whore the execution of the
laws is resisted. Although the power in the latter
case toappointand todesignate the necessary gen-
eral for the purpose of conducting the operations
of the Army would bean implied power, it would
be just as legitimate a power and as legitimately
exercised as the first power which the gentleman
concedes of appointing foreign embassadors and
consuls.
But I was replying to the position assumed by
the gentleman fiom Iowa. 1 hold that it is not
necessary that Congress shall create and establish
all offices, in order to enable the President to fill
them; in other words, that his designation of an
officer in some cases creates the office and fills the
office at the same time'? This Government has
never had a full minister to the court of Greece.
Suppose the President of the United States this
evening or to-morrow were to nominate to this
body a minister plenipotentiary and envqy extra-
j ordinary to the court of Greece; suppose in the
i vacation of the Senate he had made such a pro
, tempore appointment; I ask the gentleman if the
I office would not have been created and filled by
! the same act of the President? We have never
had a consul, if I am correctly informed, at Tim-
buctoo. Suppose in the vacation of the Senate
the President of the United States had appointed
the Senator from Kansas consul to Timbuetoo,
and he had accepted it, would not that appoint-
ment of the President have created the office and
have filled it? And if it had been, according to
the premise of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
