3284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12.
matter was under consideration in the Convention,
the inconvenience of requiring a majority of all
the membeis of both Houses, as the Houses were
constituted, was considered, and considered at
some length. The inconvenience resulting from
the principle of requiring a majority of both
Houses, as they were constituted, by the Consti-
tution and the laws, to be present, was treated of
at great length. There were various propositions
made to lessen the quorum, and to-constitute a
quorum less than the majority of both Houses,as
organized by the Constitution and the laws to
form a quorum. Every proposition of the kind
was steadily voted down, and that body, upon
full consideration and argument, adhered inflexi-
bly to the position thata majority of both Houses,
as constituted find organized by the Constitution
and the law, alone was a quorum; and they could
not be, and were not driven from that position.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is very evident to my
mind that this subject wili occupy (he whole of
the day, and inasmuch as it is a privileged ques-
tion and can be called up at any moment, I desire
to move to postpone this and cd! pnor oiders for
the purpose of taking up the bill I had up this
morning, (S. No. 376, j and Senators between now
and Monday moi mng can make up their minds on
this subject, without taking up the whole of this
day upon it.
Mr. POSTER. I hope thatmotion will prevail.
I also have a few bills on the Calendar which could
be disposed of in a very little time if this matter is
postponed, and then on Monday gentlemen can he
heard upon it at any length, ami 1 presume wuh
great patience. I hope the motion of the Senator
from xWisftouti will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the hope that on Monday
we shall have a vote on this subject without any
further debate, I will not now oppose a motion to
postpone.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We are so near the end of
the session that the discussion of this question will
necessarily take up some considerable time, and it
has no practical effect whatever. If the view taken
by the Senator from Ohio is correct, that a major-
ity of those elected consututeaquorum, it can just
as well be decidid when the exigeney arises as to
be decided now, and tin time spent in the discus-
sion now will be lost. [ therefore desire to amend
the motion by moving thai this matter be indefi-
nitely postpone d.
Mi. SllKRM AN. I am perfectly willing for
the Senate to t:tke a vote on that proposition
Without further debate.
Mr. KING. That is a final vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 know it; but if Senatois
have made up their minds deliberately that, in all
time to come, thirty-five Senators must be here to
transact any busiiu ss, and will look at the future
full in the face, and so vote, let it be so. i am
peifectly willing to take the vote without further
debate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I sincerely hope this
resolution will not be postponed indefinitely. I
have not made up my mind on the subject. I am
not prepared to say that if one or two States shall
take their Senators from this body, the Senate is
destroyed. However, 1 have been of the impres-
sion that it required a majority of the Senators
from all the States, considering all the States as
in the Union; or, as long as we consider them in
the Union, I have been of the impression that it
requited a majonty of the whole. The Constitu-
tion says:
u Tee Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senatois man each State."
I believe that is the only provision of the Con-
stitution on the subject. It requires two Senators
from each Slate to make the Senate. The subse-
quent words, £- chosen by the L'-giskituie fheieof
for six years," m my opinion, only have reference
to the maimer of choosing them, and have noth-
ing to do with tho determination of this question.
However, I have not made up my mind on the
subject; und I hope the matter will go over at
least until Monday when Senators may examine
it for themselves, and not use up the whole of this
day, at the close of the session, in the discussion
of the question. I make the motion to postpone it
with a view to take up the bill [ have indicated.
Mr. POSTER. I hope the Senator fiom Mis-
souri will a'low ins mo "ion to stand as he made it;
that is, that this subject and all prior orders be
postponed: leave it general.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is my motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will withdraw my mo-
tion. I did not, in making it, desire to have it
made a test question, but simply to let the subject
pass over, to give it the go by, because it can just
as well be determined when the exigencies arise
which make it necessary to determine the ques-
tion. It is not necessary now.
Mr. HOWE. I do not like to acquiesce in the
view that this question can be just as well determ-
ined with a few Senators here as with many. I
regard it as a question which must have great
piactical importance and great consequence in
reference to the present and to the possible future
of the country. I desire to have the question de-
termined in the fullest Senate we can command,
and know what the deliberate judgment of so
many Senators as we can command the attendance
of really is upon this question. I do not wish to
oppose the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Perhaps the decision of this question to-day is not
of any vital importance, but 1 have very distinct
convictions upon this question myself,and I want
to know what the convictions of the Senate are,
and the fullest Senate we can get upon it. If the
Senate is disposed to postpone it until Monday I
shall not object to it; but I want then a vote upon it.
.Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri moves to postpone the pending
and all prior orders with the view to take up the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to this
resolution going over until Monday; but I give
notice that I shall call it up on Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. IstliK motion double, to
postpone a resolution and take up a particular
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Air. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
postponement of this question; but I object to take
up the bill indicated. 1 believe it is the bill in re-
gard to the payment of troops in Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; it is not In re-
card to the payment of Missouri troops, but it is
to pay Missouri what she has actually expended,
the same as the other States,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same bill we had
under consideration this morning. 1 am opposed
to taking up that bill; but I am not opposed to
this question of a quorum going over until Mon-
day. I ask that the vote be fust taken on the post-
ponement. The Senator moves to postpone wuh
a view to take tip a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is suscepti-
ble of division.
Mi.DAViS. I will remark, that if the bill
'which thi. Senator from Missouri desires to take
up be taken up, I shall withdraw the amendment
I pi oposed to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I hope, under that
view of the case, there will be no opposition to my
motion. The bill has gone to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and lias been examined and re-
ported back, and I desire that it shall be passed.
II is a matter of justice to my State; and now that
all extraneous matter has hern wuluhawn, I hope
there will be no objection to its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois insist on a division of the mo-
tion p
Mr. FOSTER. I submit that the motion is not
divisible. It is one motion, and I believe has been
so ruled by the Chair frequently.
The PRESI DING OFFICER- If it has been
so ruled, the Chair will fed bound by that tilling.
The Chair was under the impression that the mo-
tion was divisible.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I think it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut informs the Chair that the ruling
has been otherwise.
Mr. FOSTER. I will appeal to the President
pro tempore on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Of course the |
Chair will follow the decisions that have been I
heretofore made. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. If such has been the rul- J
ing, of course I will acquiesce in it, but my im- !
pression was that it was not so; that it comprised !
two questions: to postpone all prior orders, and •
then to take up the subject indicated. The ques- '
nou hpre is to postpone all prior ordeis and take 1
up a particular bill. I understand that to be two
propositions: first, postponing everything m the
way, and then another question as to what you
take up.
Mr. FOOT. The motion is most usually made,
when a Senator desires that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of some particular bill, to
postpone all prior orders with a view to take up
the bill which he indicates. What is the mean-
ing of that? It is a motion followed with an ar-
gument—not with another motion, not with an-
other proposition, but simply an assignment of a
reason for that motion. What does it signify?
A motion to postpone the pending and all prior
orders. Prior to what? Prior to the bill that [
desire to be acted upon. It is not necessary to
couple that with a motion and make it a double
motion; and it is not so to be regarded. It is sim-
ply an assignment of a reason, an argument for
the postponement that he desires that bill to be
taken up. It is not necessary to move then or at
any subsequent time that, it be taken up, for the
reason that if all prior orders, that is, all orders
that stand before that are postponed, then his
proposition comes up as a matter of course as first
in oider upon the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone ail pending and prior orders with a
view of taking up the bill indicated by the Sena-
tor from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr.SHERMAN. Now, I ask the Senator from
Missouri to allow me to report back from the
Committee on Finance the resolution to lix the
day of adjournment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will do so. It is a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the resolution
with an amendment, and I wish to have it acted
upon now.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved^ (the Hou^e of Representative concurring.)
That the l'lrcidpnt of the Senate and the Speaker of the
iloiive of Representative* do adjourn then respective Houses
on .Monday, the Mill of .July, instant, at twelve o'clock,
lnfiichan.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was to strike out " Monday, the 14th," and to
insert " Wednesday, the 16th."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
adopt any such proposition.
Mr. OOLLAMER. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
asks me what it is. It is a proposition for an ad-
journment next Monday. I do not think in the
present state of the country that the Senate ought
to adjourn, and for one I desire to enter my pio-
test against it, and I ask for the yeas and nays
that I mav make it of i  coi d.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment reported
fiom the committee. Does the Senator ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; on the amendment
and at every stage of the proposition.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator will
not insist on the yeas and noys on the amend-
ment. I suppose the Senator is opposed to ad-
journing at all, either on Monday or Wednesday,
and yet he desires the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion to extend it to the latter day.
The yeas and nays were oiderod; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 6; as follows:
YLAS—Mew*. Anthony, Biownina, Cailile, <.'1 irk.Ool-
lniupr, Cowan, Uavj,. Duniutle, Fc-^sMuh-n. Foot. Fo-ter,
Oh lines. Hale, Hail,in. [I"nd> i -on, ilowai.i, Ho-.ve,
Kennedy, Lane or IiHiiana. Lane o! Kansas, McDouL'ali,
i>oaieio\. I'ow* II, Rice. Saul Inuv, Shenna'K Simnioih,
Staik, Ten Eyck, Wihnot, WiLon of Mi^ouii, a:id
Wi i<jht—H3.
N King, Sumner, Trumbull, WcuIp, Wil-
kinson, and WiHej—1>.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recuis un the resolution, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. On that qu< suon I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordemd.
Mr FESSENDEN, I wish simply to observe
