3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
we have had at three several times, I believe, a
resolution fixing- the day of adjournment—so far
as they are concerned, they will not stay. If a
majority of that body has determined that it is not
necessary for us to stay here, that there is no oc-
casion for it, and will not stay—and such seems to
be the tenor of their votes, and they certainly have
as much right to their opinions as we have to ours—
it is perfectly useless for us to contend and refuse
to adjourn, for the result would be that we should
do no business if we did stay. If Senators should
choose to go away, which I am warned they will
do, and undoubtedly they can give a reasonable
excuse for it, we know perfectly well we have no
power to send for them; that we cannot compel
them to return. That has been repeatedly ruled
in this body. We have no law which will enable
us to do it. The privilege which we have under
the Constitution has been ruled to be the privilege,
if we have not a quorum, of requesting the at-
tendance of absent members. Under these cir-
cumstances, 1 deem it entirely useless to contend
against what seems to be the general wish for an
adjournment at an early day.
With regard to the argument of the honorable
Senator from Illinois that it will be in the power
of a few factious individual's to prevent our acting
by too much talking or in any other mode, I am
compelled in justice to say that up to (his period
I have seen no disposition of that kind on the other
side of the House, if we may say there is another
side of the House, and it is not to be presumed
that there is any factious minority on our side who
would talk against time to prevent the passage of
necessai y measures. I bolie\e,so far as tho Senate
is concerned, we have nothing to complain of the
gentlemen who are not properly of the Republican
party, either of absence from their places or adis-
positjon to talk against time, which is not so ap-
plicable, to say the least of it, to our side of the
House; and I say it in justice to gentlemen who
have been acting on these questions. Nor do I
apprehend anything of the kind in the future, from
what gentlemen have said and from my belief of
the views of gentlemen. If they are in a minority
they will yield gracefully as a minority, I dare
say, and are quite as likely to yield gracefully as
I should, or anybody else, to the majoi ity and take
the measures as they come. If, on the contrary,
a majority stays here to do business until Wednes-
day, as I presume they will when we fix that day,
and Congress finds that there is such a disposition
to prevent the passage of measures, the same ma-
jority that passes this resolution can unmake itand
vote to sit longer; hut I apprehend that gentlemen
on the other side of the House would not resort to
any unworthy course to prevent business being
done,ifthere were any measures leftofimportanee
to the country. I certainly should have to change
my opinion of all the membeis of the Senate before
I could believe that there is any one who would
resoit to any such expedient as that. I therefore
remainDf my onginal opinion about it, that it is
useless to contend, if we have any difference of
opinion, against what seems to be the settled de-
termination, as stated by my friend and colleague
on the Committee on Finance, of the members of
the House. I understand it is almost the universal
opinion there. A great many members have al-
ready left, and a great many more are ready to
leave; and I am assured it is very doubtful whether
they will stay unless we do 13"x this day.
Mr. KING. Entertaining tho opinion that it is
better that Congress should remain in session un-
der the present circumstances of the country, and
that it is not advisable to adjourn at this eai ly day
or to fix a day of adjoui nment at this time, I shall
vote against this resolution,
Mr. SUMNER. It is essential to proper legis-
lation not only tiiat the Senate should vote, but
that it should consider the measures on which it
votes; and the consideration must be in propor-
tion to the importance of the measures. Allusion
has been made to oue measure on which the Sen-
ate has not voted—that which is in chaigo of my
friend the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the
admission of West Virginia as a now State. Per-
haps no question of greater importance has ever
been presented to the Senate. It concerns the
whole question of slavery; it concerns also the
question of State rights; it concerns also the re-
sults of this war. Look at it, therefore, in any
aspect you please, it is a great question; and yet
the idea of Senators anxious to adjourn is, that
this question is to be hurried to a vote without
any proper discussion.
There is another question which is not less im-
portant. It is the bill which the Senator from
New York [Mr. Harris] has in charge, involving
the question of provisional governments for the
rebel States; a question of transcendent import-
ance, and I submit, also, of piactical interest at
this very moment; for it involves precisely this
inquiry: whether you are to allow a system of mil-
itary governments or congressional governments.
It is a question between the military and civil
power.
Then we have the Army bill, which my col-
league has in charge. Very few matters of greater
importance have ever been piosented to the Sen-
ate. It involves nothing less than the organiza-
tion in our country of a system of conscription,
so well known on the continent of Europe, but
thus far happily unknown to us; and yet, sir, this
question also is to be hurried to a vote without
any adequate discussion. Then, we have exec-
utive business, to which I can only allude in a
general way, but of vast moment, which cannot
be adequately consideted without days, and I
j might say weeks. Then we lkive, also, the whole
Calendar, to which the Senatoi from Illinois has
referred, which ought to occupy us for weeks.
There are, then, at least, these five important
matters: West Virginia, the provisional govern-
ments, the Army bill, the executive business, and
the whole Calendar—all of them yet open to con-
sideration; and yet, su, Senators propose to go
home; Senators are weary; Senators would like
to find a retreat, away from these legislative cares.
I can enter into that feeling. Sir, I should bo glad
to beat home. I suppose the gallant soldiers on
the James river, on the Chickahominy, would
also be glad to be at home. They are notexcused;
they have not a furlough; and yet we Senators
propose to take our furlough.
Now, it is known, in fact, that formerly when
Congress was paid by the day, it never thought
of adjourning;at this time. One of the most im-
portant bills on your statute-books bears date the
18th day of September, 1850; and for some years
immediately after that, Congress did not adjourn
until late in August. I think I have sat myself
once into September; but when I mentioned this
fact the other day the Senator from Ohio reminded
me that then Congress was paid by the day;
whereas now it is paid by the year. Has it come
to this, that Congress could sit here content when
it was paid by the day, and now that it is paid by
the year it leaves all its important business cither
to be neglected entirely or to be hurried to a vote
without tint discussion which it ought to receive5
Sir, I hope the Senate will not consent to fix any
day of adjournment. I hope it will sit here in or-
der to proceed regularly with all the business
which is now on its Calendar, and to meet any
contingencies which in the present state of the
country may arise. There is a duty which is cast
upon Congress, and which ought not to be slighted.
It is to see that the Republic receive no detriment.
Solemnly this duty now addresses itself to all of
us. Let us not neglect it. For the sake of the pub-
lic business, and for the sake of those duties which
from their very uncertainty atthiscrisis, are vast,
I ask the Senate to continue here.
Mr. CLARK. Allusion has been made to the
soldier upon the banks of the James river, that he
can have no furlough to go to his home, but must
remain to light; and a contrast has been drawn
between him and the Senator who desires to go to
his home. Now, let me make a suggestion, that
there are already Senators who have gone to their
homes, not for rest, but for the very purpose of
raising reinforcements and soldiers to go to the
banks of the James river for the purpose of ena-
bling those soldiers to fight. I have had m my pocket
for a week a request from the Secretary of War
to proceed to my State for the purpose of enabling
them to raise troops. I have been solicited by the
President to go, but asked not to go if it endan-
gered a quorum of the Senate; and I desire to go,
not for rest, but for the purpose of arousing the
people of my State, that they may put into the
field her quota to aid the soldiers now upon the
James river, and that we may crush this rebellion
in a better way than we can do by sitting herein
our chairs and legislating or firing paper bullets
at the enemy. Sir, this rebellion is not to be put
down by acts of Congress. When we hare given
the Government the necessary means, we should
go to thefields,to the workshops, and to the farms
in our States, if we cannot go into the ranks our-
selves, and raise the men who will go and with
bullets and bayonets put down the rebellion. I
hope I shall not hear from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts any such invidious distinction as that.
Let him go with me, and I will go to the banks of
tho James river with him, and expose our bosoms
to those bullets. If he will go with mo I will re-
sign my place and go to the field. I will give my
body to the country as well as my services here
in this Hall. Sir, it was no want of patriotism,
it was no want of love of country that induced me
to say the Senate had better adjourn on Wednes-
day next when it had finished its business.
Mr. GRIMES. All these declarations of patri-
otism are very nice and very satisfactory, but it
seems to me that the place for Senators to perform
their duties is m this Chamber, and I propose to
remain here to perform my duty as Jong as I be-
lieve there is any necessity for my remaining, or
so long as I believe there isany probability of my
being of any benefit to the Government, Now,
sir, I do not believe that soldiers are to be raised
by Senators and Representatives going home and
making speeches to them, or proposing to lead
them to the battle-field. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] the other day, took the right
position in regard to this subject. He said that
the public sentiment at home must be giatified in
the way in which this war is to be conducted here-
after, and I am m favor of gratifying it. We have,
in some measure, I think, satisfied that public sen-
timent by the passage of a confiscation bill here
Jo-day; but is it a law? No, sir. Ithasnotbeen
signed by the Presiding Officer of either branch
of Congress. It will not be signed to-day. Prob-
ably it will not be sent to the President tiil Mon-
day or Tuesday. Will he approve it? Itiustso. .
I do not know whether he will or not. He may
find some constitutional objection. Some of the
objections that have been urged against it by gen-
tlemen on this floor may seem substantial to him
If so, what are we going to do? Are we going to
be without any law upon these vital questions; or
shall we then take up the bill which is in some
respects objectionable to him, and answer his con-
stitutional objections by passing another5 This
is a question of very vital importance, I think, in
the proper conduct of this war, and 1 want to
know what is going to become of that confiscation
bill which we have passed through this body
to-day.
I might go on and enumerate a great many other
measures of very vast importance to this country.
I want to have the country put in some sort of a
state of defense against any contingencies that
may arise with foreign Powers. I introduced a
bill to-day looking to that effect. It was objected
to by the Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
and goes over until next Monday. Then it will
be taken up and probably discussed a day or two.
We adjourn on Wednesday; and who knows
whether we shall have an opportunity to get it
through this House or the other?
The argument that the House of Representa-
tives is going to adjourn is no argument at all.
Whether they do their duty or not, they must be
responsible to their constituents. The question
with us is, what is our duty? Every Senator must
judge that question for himself. I choose to re-
main here under the circumstances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been suggested to
me that a later day in the week might be fixed,
and the Committee on Finance certainly have no
sort of objection to that, if any gentleman thinks
another day or two is of consequence. If gentle-
men think we had better change it to Thursday
or Friday, I am perfectly willing to agree to it.
["Oh, no."]
Mr. FOSTER. I think it had better be earlier
—Tuesday, rather than Wednesday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As there is no response
to that suggestion, of course I will make no mo-
tion with regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution, as amended,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bi owning, Larlile, Clark, Coi-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Dooh'ttlo, Fe?sendcn, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane afindiaim,
