Mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the right to appoint pro tempore brigadier generals-,
and General Lane having thus been appointed by
the President, and clothed at least with the color-
able right to this officio, and having undertaken
its execution, as no candid man I think can doubt,
he is concluded now from denying that he filled
the posmon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, Mr. President, I concur
with the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
that, in arriving at the conclusion to which my
judgment has come, it has been against the lean-
ings or the inclinations or the wish which 1 have
entertained in this case, and for the reason which
he stated. With both these gentlemen my per-
sonal relations have been very kind; but 1 agree
with him that I could have wished that General
Lane had been in the field as a brigadier general,
and that Mr. Stanton had been in the Senate per-
forming the duties of Senator here. I feel callcd
upon to sfty—and I do so with all respect both to
the living and to the memory of the dead—that I
am utterly opposed to the attempt on the part of
Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives to be, at one and the same time, both
members of Congress and officers in the Army.
Sir, this vaulting from the Senate into the saddle
is a beautiful expression in oratory, and it is a
beautiful dream to human ambition; but when you
reverse it, dismounting from the saddle to come
into the Senate, booted and spurred, to take part
in the deliberations of this body, which is inde-
pendent of the Executive, at the same time that
the individual is under the command of the Pres-
ident, does not meet my approbation.
I have felt callcd upon to say this much in rela-
tion to that matter; and I will say one thing fur-
ther, that I do regret most sincerely that the hon-
orable member from Kansas had not been in the
field from the very beginning of the war in Mis-
souri. 'Sir, if he had been at the head of the Kan-
sas brigade in season, in my opinion Mulligan
would never have surrendered; Price would not
have dared to appear at Lexington, or if he had
he would have b«±en vanquished. I say this, sir,
not to cast any reflections upon anypeison,or to
question for a moment the patriotism of anybody;
for ) believe that all, and I certainly believe that
the honorable member from Kansas has been act-
uated only by patriotic motives in all that he has
said or done.
_ But, Mr. President, to come at once to the ques-
tions which are involved in this case; there are
three, in my judgment: first, whether General
Lane was, within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, a member of this body
at the time when it is alleged that he received an
appointment as brigadier general from the Presi-
dent of the United States. If this were an ori-
ginal question, I believe that I should agree that
from the very moment of his election his office
would commence and date back to the period fixed
by law for its commencement, the 4th of March.
But I do not understand it to be an original ques-
tion. It has arisen in the House of Representa-
tives and been decided the other way, for, in my
judgment, the cases in the House of Representa-
tives establish that where a person, after being
elected to Congress, still continues to act in the
capacity of district attorney of the United States,
or postmaster of the United States, if the office is
resigned before he takes his seat, it is not incom-
patible, and does not disqualify him. Therefore,
upon the authorities, (although upon original con-
sideration I think I should have been inclined to
hold that the member elect should not be allowed
to take, accept, or exercise the duty of any other
office under the Govern mentof the United States,)
I believe it has been decided the other way, and
I must acquiesce in the decision.
The second question is, was there any office to
which he could be appointed ? Upon that subject
I feel compelled, in view of the Constitution and
the law, to say that there was no such office. It is
true, as has been said by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, that the President may appoint
consuls and embassadors; but it is because the
Constitution expressly clothes him with that
power; and we have no further control over the
number of consuls and embassadors that he may
appoint than that we can cut off the pay, and
thereby restrain the appointments; but when you
come to military appointments and civil appoint-
ments, it is only because these offices are created
by law that the President can fill them; and the
President is not authorized to create these offices,
nor to fill an office which has not already been
created.
But a third question is raised, and that is a ques-
tion of some considerable importance, raised by
the contestant himself. It is this: if there be no
such office, shall the President of the United States,
with a member elect or a member upon the floor
of this body, unite to appoint a member of the
Senate to an office which does not exist? In short,
shall it be permitted for the President to usurp the
power to appoint, and the member elect to usurp
the power to accept, an office which does not ex-
ist; violating the law, in the first instance, in as-
suming to create an office, and, in the second
instance, violating the clause of the Constitution
which forbids him to hold a seat here and at the
same time to hold any other office under the Gov-
ernment of the United States. This raises a ques-
tion which, under certain circumstances, I would
aifmit might be a sufficient reason for expelling a
member of this body, or denying to a person claim-
ing a seat here a right to his seat; but, in my judg-
ment, it must depend upon the facts and circum-
stances of the case, and go to the intention of the
parties, both of the President and the person ac-
cepting the office. If the circumstances were such
as-to show that the President intended to usurp
the power to create an office, and that the Senator
claiming a seat here intended to accept an office
which the Constitution forbade, I would vote for
his expulsion. Why ? Not because he had held
an office, but because he was a usurper. That
goes to the question of intent. Now, were the
facts in this case such as to raise a question as to
the purity of the intention both of the President
and of the person taking the seat? I think not.
The whole matter, stripped of all verbiage, is sim-
ply this: the President of the United Stales pro-
posed to appoint General Lane a brigadier gen-
eral; he proposed to accept the office; but all the
while upon the condition that Congress should
create the office and ratify the act afterwards. I
understand that Congress did, by its act of the 6th
of August, ratify the acts of the President; on the
2 2d of July it did create brigadier generals of vol-
unteers; but before the act of Congress did this,
General Lane refused to accept the position of
brigadier general under the law of the United
States. Having refused it before the office was
created, it ends the case, in my judgment.
I know that a very ingenious argument is made
by the Senator from Kentucky. He says the Pres-
ident is authorized to call out the militia to put
down the rebellion. So he is. If the militia is
called into the field the President is the Command-
er-in-Chief, says the Senator, and if the officers are
not already appointed to command it, he may de-
tail persons to take charge of brigades or columns
or divisions. So he may. He might detail one
of the colonels who came up with the militia to
do it; he might, in my judgment, take a private
from the ranks, and direct him for the time being
to command that whole army; but that would not
make him an officer; that would not create an
office.
Mr. President, I have said thus much simply
to state the grounds on which I place my vote.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is the amendment moved by the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] to
the first resolutio-n of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to strike out the word " not."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President. I do not
propose to discuss, by way of argument, any part
of this question; but to a certain extent, to my
mind, it is a very simple case, and governed by
laws that have not been dispu ted m any high forum.
I think the conclusion, to a certain extent, rests
almost in simple legal syllogisms; and if I can
make myself understood, I think my conclusions
will not be disputed by any one who recognizes
law as governing. There is such an office as brig-
adier general of the United States known to the
law. The power to appoint and commission that
officer belongs to the Presidentof the United States.
He may clothe him 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator yield the
floor for the purpose of considering executive
business?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly, with the priv-
ilege of resuming.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I make the motion, then, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 15, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BRIGIIAM YOUNG'S ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the In-
terior Department, relative to the accounts of Brig-*
ham Young, as superintendent of Indian affairs
for New Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS MILITARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. CONWAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to promote the efficiency
of the troops serving in the department of Kan-
sas; which was read a first and sccond time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY POST.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to provide for the establishment of a mili-
tary post at or in the immediate vicinity of Evans-
ville, in the State of Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call for the regular order
of business.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. BAKER. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the regular order of busi-
ness to enable me to report a resolution from the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will hear the gentleman's
resolution.
There being no objection,
Mr. BAKER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That tlie Secretary of War be directed to as-
cei tarn and icpoit to tins House as> early as practicable what
arrangements can be made, and tlic terms of the same, with
the raihoad corporations on the line between Washington
and New York, by the way of Baltimore and Philadelphia,
for the construction of a side tiack between Bristol and
Chester, in Pennsylvania, tlnough West Philadelphia; and
also for the construction ot a side track fiom Back river to
the Relay House, in Maryland, through west Baltimore,
and also for the construction of another track between the
Relay House and Washington, &o as to form and open a
speedy and direct communication between the said cities
of New York and Washington; and furthermore, that he
be directed to invite piopositions for the construction of a
distinct and direct road from New York to Washington.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from tho Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed, without amendment,
a bill of this House (No. 152) for the relief of the
owner of the British ship Perthshire.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (No.
137) in regard to the administration of criminal
justice in the District of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate, in the absence of the
Vice President, have chosen Hon. Solomon Foot
President of the Senate pro tempore.
DIRECT TAX.
Mr. CORNING,from the Committee of Ways*
and Means, by unanimous consent, reported a
joint resolution declaratory of the purpose of Con-
gress to impose a tax; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved,fyc., That in ouier to pay the ordinaly expenses
of the Government, the interest on the national loans, and
have an ample tanking fund ior the ultimate liquidation of
the public debt, a tax shall be imposed, which &hali, with
the tariff on imports, secuic an annual revenue of not lc s
than $150,000,000.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before I yield the
