1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
of that feeling exists unresisted and uncontrolled
in the States which still claim to be loyal to the
Government.
And these are the men, too, who, when, to the
glory of our cougtr.y and the admiration of the
woild, we have abolished slavery in this District,
rather than spend their time in enacting whole-
some laws for the vindication of the Government
and the restoration of its peace, think it is more
honorable to turn this District of Columbia, which
wc have made free, into a hunting-ground for
slaves.
And I class in the same category any man who,
forparty purposes or personal ambition, to restore
a dead dynasty or establish a new one, comes into
this House, or in any other public or responsible
place, and decries the credit of the Government or
exaggerates its indebtedness, or depreciates its re-
sources, and thus weakens*instead of upholding
the arm of the Executive.
Now, upon what terms shall we have peace,
fpr that is the end of all war ? The purpose of the
war, upon the one hand, is to perpetuate slavery,
to extend it over the Territories, and obtain for it
new constitutional guarantees; the utmost com-
promise offered was that proposed by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] that we
should divide the country by a geographical line,
and guaranty, by constitutional amendment, sla-
very on one side of that line. I staid the object of
war on one side was to perpetuate and extend sla-
very, and obtain for it new guarantees. What is
the opposite of that? If peace had continued, they
might have sought by lawful means any consti-
tutional guarantees they please, and we should
have been powerless to resist, if the majority willed
it; and we had, and claimed, no authority to legis-
late against the institution in their States. The
converse and the opposite of that proposition is,
that as this institution is the cause of the war;
that, as by sympathy and a supposed common
interest it holds men together in hostility to the
Government faster than with hooks of steel, and
binds every slaveholder, in the spirit which I
have described, within its grasp, we will break it
down, destroy it, and overthrow the institution,
if the laws of war, under the Constitution of the
country, give us the authority, as I most sol-
emnly believe they do. I will have nodisguiseof
my opinions or intentions. My stand upon the
subject is open to all observation. I am for de-
stroying this hostile institution in every State that has
made war upon this Government; and if wc have
military strength enough to reduce them to pos-
session, I propose to leave not one slave in the
wake of our advancing armies; not one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The debate was continued by Messrs. MAY-
NARD,and BLAIR of Missouri. [Their speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
The hour of five o'clock having arrived, the
House took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, Mr. Aldricii occupying the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
Speeches were made by Messrs. SPAULDING,
SARGENT, and HOLMAN.' [Their speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BENNET. I have not during my term
of service here detained the House with any ex-
tended remarks on any subject, nor do I expect
to on this occasion. 1 do not think that it is the
province of Delegates of Territories to say what
this House ought or ought not to do in regard to
questions of general policy, when they are denied
the high prerogative of casting votes and of de-
termining that policy. If I have not spoken, how-
ever, it is not because I do not feelan interest, nor
because my people do not feel an interest in the
measures which are now and which have been
pending before this Congress. I have sought
quietly to labor for the interest of my constituents.
My business has been with the committees of Con-
gress, and I believe that I have not neglected any
measure for their interests. It may be that some
of my constituents will think that I have done but
little unless I send them a speech. Therefore I
ask the consent of the House for leave to hand to
the reporters and have printed a spcech, not on the
subject of confiscation, but on subjects in which
my people are interested.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SPAULDING. The gentleman ^constit-
uents ought to give him the credit for the passage
of the bill giving a mint to the Territory of Col-
orado.
Mr. SARGENT. With other members of the
House I can bear testimony to the attention with
which the gentleman from Colorado has watched,
and the energy with which he has prosecuted the
interests of that Territory.
Mr. HOLMAN. I bear my willing testimony,
as well as the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, to the fidelity with which the gentleman
from Colorado has attended to the interests of his
constituents.
Mr. BENNET. I thank the gentlemen for the
testimony which they have borne in my favor.
My speech, which I will present hereafter, will
not refer to this question of confiscation. My
people are on the side that will not be affected by
this confiscation to any great.extent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution for reference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the order of
the House no business is in order during these
night sessions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move then that when the
House adjourns to-night it be to meet on Monday
next.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That would be
against the general understanding of the House.
Mr. SARGENT- Could it not be done by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It might.
Mr. ELIOT. But I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. As it is a very warm night,
and as no member seems desirous of taking the
floor for the purpose of continuing this debate, I
move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Several members
who arc desirous of being heard on the pending
question will be here in a few minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT. I suggest that the Chair give us
the conclusion of his speech on the Red River of
the North. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. I have left my
notes at home. [Laughter.]
DISLOYALTY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. POTTER. 1 make the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House rejected the
resolution of the Committee on Printing, ordering
the printing of extra conies of the report of the
select committee to investigate the alleged disloy-
alty of Government employes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion will
be entered.
CONFISCATION—AGAIN.
The debate on the confiscation bill was then
continued by Messrs. LOOMIS, ARNOLD,
JULIAN, ASHLEY, and SHANKS. [Their
speeches will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. JULIAN, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes after nine o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 24, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LATHAM presented two petitions of res-
idents on a certain tract of land situated in the
counties of Napa and Solona, in the State of Cali-
fornia, commonly known as the "Soscol Rancho,"
praying that this rancho of Soscol be exempted
from the operation of the general preemption
laws, and that each purchaser under the grant be
| allowed to buy of the Government at its mini-
| mum price the lands respectively claimed, with-
j out icgard to Government lines; which were re-
! ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of John F.
Towner and others, citizens of Maryland, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Berkleysville, in Baltimore county, to Hampstead,
in Carroll county, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, some time ago
I offered to the Senate a petition calling for eman-
cipation under the war power, signed by upwards
of thirteen thousand women of the United States.
I now ofieranothcrsimilarpetition,with the same
prayer, signed by nearly eight thousand women
of the United States. I ask that it lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial ofMary
H. Barnard,representing theFallowfield Monthly
Meetingof Women Friends/'prayingthatslavery
may be abolished throughout the United States
in order to restore peace and prosperity to our dis-
tracted country;" which was ordered to lie on the
table.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have instructed me to report back House
bill No. 413, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the bounty authorized by the sixth sec-
tion «f an act entitled "An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing tho
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22,1862, and for other purposes, with several
amendments. The bill appropriates $5,000,000 for
the payment of bounties, and makes some other
provisions, and I should like very much to have
it passed early I will let it lie on the table, and
call it up on Monday morning.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution to print one hundred thousand copies of the
preliminary report of the eighth ccnsus, to report
a resolution for printing fifty thousand. The
amendment is to strike out all after the word " re-
solved," and insert:
That there be printed and bound for the use of the Senate
foi ty-seven thousand five hundied copies of the preliminary
report of the eighth census, and two thousand five hundred
copies for the use of the Department of the Interior] and
that tho !^amc ho piintcd at the Government printing estab-
lishment under the supervision of the Superintendent of the
Census.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
HOUIt OP DAILY MEETING.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution :
RcsolvcJ, Th.it on and after Monday, the 26th of May, the
daily hour of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock,
a. m., instead of twelve, m.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over under the rules.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 328) to legalize and confirm
the act of the President in accepting the services
of volunteers under the act approved 22d July,
1861, and to authorize the acceptance of two hun-
dred thousand men in addition to those authorized
by that act; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military AfTairsand
the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 329) to
amend an act approved September 18, 1850, en-
titled "An act to amend and supplementary to
the act entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from
justice and persons escaping from the service of
their masters,' approved February 12, 1793;*'
which was read twice by its title, and ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
330) for the relief of Hayne M. Salomon; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
HORACE M. IIIESKELL.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
oiders and take up the bill granting lands to agri-
cultural colleges.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to yield for one moment. I am afraid his bill will
take up all the morning hour. There is a little
bill in favor of a paymaster of the Navy, whose
stores, accounts, and money wer  burned on the
