1862.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287.
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Powell, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Ten Eyck, Wiltnot, Wilson of
Missouri, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler,Grimes,Harlan,King,Pome-
roy, Sumner,Trumbull, Wade,Wilkinson, and Wiliey—10.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE TROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk,announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) declar-
ing the meaning of an act to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States in certain cases to take
possession of railroads and telegraph lines, and
# for other purposes, approved January 31, 1862,
and to repeal a part of said act.
The message also announced that the House had
agreed to the reportofthe committee ofconference
on the bill (S. No. 89) in relation to the claim of
Carmack & Ramsey.
The messagealso announced that the House had
concurred in the resolution of the Senate to sus-
pend the 16th and 17th joint rules during the res-
idue of the session.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
ofthe HouseofRepresentatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 93) for changing the place for
holding the September term of the district court of
the United States in the district of Maine;
A bill (S.No. 98) to amend an act entitled " An
act to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and
intoxicating drinks in the District of Columbia in
certain cases," approved August 5, 1861;
A joint resolution (S. No. 94) to change the
name of the schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean
Eagle;
A bill (S. No. 319) grantmgan invalid pension
to Hugh H. Howard, of Hockingport, State of
Ohio; and
A bill (3. No. 270) concerning the courts of the
United States m and for the district of Michigan.
RECESS.
Mr. "VVADE. I will ask the Senate now to take
up House bill No. 437, to extend the territorial
limits of the Territory ot Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a bill
before the Senate, which was laid aside to take up
the resolution ill regard to an adjournment as a
privileged question. The bill (S. No. 376) to allow
and pay to the State of Missouri the amount of
money expended by said State in the arming and
paying of troops employed in the suppression of
insurrection against the laws of the United States,
is now before the Senate us in Committee of the
Whole. „ ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the consent of the
honorable Senator ftom Missouri, I will make a
motion winch I think will be necessary. As we
have fixed the day of adjournment, 1 think now,
as is customary on all such occasions—I know it
has been ever since 1 have been a member of Con-
gress—we ought to meet m the evenings, espe-
cially as we have a good deal of executive business
to dispose of, and with a view that wo may pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business
this evening, I move that at five o'clock the Sen
ate take a recess until seven.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Say half past seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; half past
seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will ad-
here lo Ins original motion—seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I will say seven
o'clock. That will give us two hours.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess from five till seven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will keep
on with its work without a recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot do that. Wi
shall find ourselves without a quorum and then
we shall have to adjourn.
Air. SUMN ER. But there will be no quorum
in the evening—that is the point. We shall come
here and find no quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is oil the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION CONFISCATION BILL.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to make a personal explanation or statement. I was
called to the War Department this afternoon upon
business of importance. During my absence the
Senate took a vote upon the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing vote of the
two Houses on whatis known as the confiscation
bill. I was necessarily absent at the time that vote
was taken. I do not suppose it is of the slightest
consequence to the country how I should have
voted if I had been in my seat; but it may not be
improper for me to state, for the information of the
few friends who may take an interest in my course
here, that I should have voted to concur with the
report of the committee if I had been in my scat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state thatone Senator
had his .name recorded after the vote was an-
nounced; and I suppose now that the precedent is
set, if the Senator desires it, he could record his
vote.
Mr. CLARK. I hope he will be allowed to
do so.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate will indulge me so
far, I should like to have it done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was done in another in-
stance. The Senator from Oregon voted after the
■esult was announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent that his
vote may be recorded on the vote agreeing to the
■eport of the committee of conference on the con-
fiscation bill. The Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Howe,
and he voted " yea."
Mr. FOSTER. I concur entirely in the consent;
but I would suggest that this is a very dangerous
:>reccdent. It may have been established and may
lave been allowed; but in some cases it would
change the result, and, of course, then it would not
be admitted. 1 do not think it is a good practice
now, but still I will not make any objection; but I
would suggest whothcr we had not better consider
it a rule hereafter to make objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall always object in
all cases hereafter.
Mr. CLARK. And so shall I.
MILITARY EXPENSES OF MISSOURI.
Mr. WADE. Is there, anything before the Sen
ate >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a bill
before the Senate called up on motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Hknderson.]
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 376)
to'allowand pay to the State of Missouri the amount
of money expended by said State m the arming
and paying of troops employed in the suppres-
sion of insurrection against the laws of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
pending is the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
And be it farther enacted, That the provisions ot"the_act
entitled " An act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Wesleindopartment, or department ot Mis-
souri, their pav, bounty, and pension," approved March 2o,
1862, are hereby extended and made applicable to the ofll-
cei s and men emplo> ed in any other military department of
the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The Senator from
Kentucky gave notice that he would withdraw
that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then there is
no amendment pending.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
TERRITORIAL LIMITS OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 437.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear what
the bill is.
Mr. WADE. It is a bill to extend the territo-
rial limits of the Territory of Nevada. It is a
House bill to which there seems to be no objec-
tion anywhere.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 437) to extend the ter-
ritorial limits of the Territory of Nevada. It di-
rects that all that part ofthe territory oftheUnited
States included within the following limits,name-
ly: beginning at the point of intersection of the
forty-second degree of north latitude with the_
thirty-eighth degree of longitude west from Wash-~
infton; thence running south on the said thirty-
eighth degree of west longitude until it intersects
the northern boundary line of New Mexico;
thence due west to the thirty-ninth degree of longi-
tude west from Washington; thence with said
thirty-ninth degree north to the intersection of
said forty-second degree of north latitude; thence
east with said forty-second degree of north lati-
tude to the place of beginning, be attached to and
made a part of the Territory of Nevada, subject
to the limitations, restrictions, and provisions of
the act organizing the Territory of Nevada.
The bill was reported to the, Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WITNESSES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 167. Itisabill
that was prepared by the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and recommended in a letter from the head
of the Department. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary some time since, and the
committee proposed a very slight amendment.
The Secretary of the Treasury thinks it is im-
portant in regard to the revenues of the Govern-
ment, or rather in regard to suits where the reve-
nues ofthe country are concerned; and I think it
is not liable to objection from any quarter. It will
take about two or three minutes to read the bill,
and then I think it will pass without objection.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S.No. 167) to authorize the examination
of parties to suitsin the courts ofthe United States,
and for other purposes. It provides that when-
ever any party to any suit or proceeding nosv or
hereafter pending in any of the courts ofthe Uni-
ted States shall desire to examine, under oath, any
other party to the same proceeding, the court in
which such suit or proceeding s-hall be pending
shall have power to compel the party whom it
shall be desired to examine to appear before such
court, or a commission to be designated for that
purpose, and to answer, under oath, all questions
which may be propounded to him, pertinent to
the matter in controversy. Suchexamination may
be had as well after judgment, decree, or final order
m such suit or proceeding as before, and for the
purpose of discovering any fact necessary or ma-
terial to the enforcement of such judgment, decree,
or final order; and especially for the purpose of
discovering any property of the party so exam-
ined, which of right ought to be applied to the sat-
isfaction of such judgment, decree, or final order;
or any equitable interest winch he may have in
any real estate, as mortgagor, mortgagee, or other-
wise; or any interest he may have in any banking,
bridge, turnpike, or other joint stock company; or
any interest he may have'in any money contracts,
claims, orchoses in action due or to become due to
him, or in any judgment or decree; or any money,
goods, or effects which he may have in the pos-
session of any other person; and the court before
which such proceedings are had may cause any
property or other thing so discovered, not exempt
by law, to be applied to the satisfaction of such
judgment, decree, or final order.
If a sale of any property or thing so discovered
shall be necessary, the same is to be conducted by
the receiver, who may be appointed by the court
as hereinafter provided, or other proper officer,
under the order of the court, as nearly as may
be in accordance with the regulations in lorce for
the time being, for the sale on execution of the
like or similar propertyor thing. The court is to
have power, if tile same shall be deemed neces-
sary, to appoint a receiver to take possession of
any property or thing so discovered, and to sell
the same or otherwise dispose of it under the order
of thecourt, for the purpose specified, who shall,
before entering upon the discharge of his duties,
give bond, with security, in such sum as shall be
