1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
floor to the gentleman from New York for that
purpose, allow me to express the hope that all
measures relating to finance may be re'poited at
the earliest practicable moment, and then post-
poned to a fixed day ahead, so that ample time
may beallowed for their consideration. Forgreat,
sir, as this civil war is, imminent, too, as the
danger of foreign complications, they are, both of
them, as nothing in comparison with the daily
accumulating and most disastrous financial em-
barrassments which are pressing now upon us on
every side—not for the present moment only, but
for a century, it may be.
The war must come to an end, sooner or later,
and in one way or another our foreign compli-
cations will be adjusted, with or without a war,
which could not last long; but the crrors-or crimes
of financial contrivances and embarrassments of
.to-day, and their results, will endure to the third
and fourth generation of those who shall come
after us.
While, then, we ought to begin this work at once,
let us not hurry over it. For twenty-six years
the pestilent and cxecrablc question of slavery, in
every form, has been debated in this House for
months in succession. Abolition petitions, the
Wilmot proviso, the compromise of 1850, the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, the Kansas troubles, and the
Lccompton constitution, each in turn consumed
the time of the House for weeks together. And
even now, wi th a public debt already o( some seven
hundred millions of dollars, increasing, too, at the
rate of $2,000,000 a day; with an empty Treas-
ury and no means to replenish it; with every source
of revenue nearly dried up, and even that last re-
source of the inevitable bankrupt—borrowing—
cut off; with all these things staring us full in the
face, nevertheless the objects of the war, the con-
duct of the war,emancipation, confiscation, Ball's
Bluff, the Trent almir, Government contracts, the
cooly trade, the Coast Survey, the franking priv-
ilege", or whatever else may happen to be the par-
ticular " goose question " of the hour—I beg par-
don, sir, but is not that now a classic phraser—
all of them highly important, certainly, and worthy
of due consideration, are debated tor days at a
time, and even the best abused man the House
finds no difficulty in obtaining tin audicnce.
Let us prepare, then, at once for the great ques-
tions of finance which are before us; but let a
time be fixed, and let us debate them day after day,
at length, and not wait to the last moment, and
then hurry them through, as two bills upon the
same subject have already been, without a mo-
ment's consideration. The count*y will be con-
tent if they only see that we have gone at the busi-
ness m earnest, and will not grudge to us an hour
spent m legitimate debate. E«etthe people undci-
stand truly and .honestly the real character and
tiue extent of the huidens we impose upon them,
and know and feel that we have faithfully and
diligently done the best possible every way to
protect their inteiests, and the diead specter of
repudiation will never be evoked. Let us waste
no time in this business; but let us, at the same
time, ad vance slowly, understanding every step of
our journey, and then there will be no steps to re-
trace. Sir, this is immeasurably the most mo-
mentous of all the questions which aie before us;
and whoever fails to meet and grapple with it
boldly, and to the full extent, is a disunionist;
for bankruptcy is disunion and dissolution in the
worst form, and will bring to an instant end the
war, not as 1 would have it, by adjustment, fan*
compromise, and a restoration of the Union, but
by immediate, eternal, and ignominious separa-
tion. It is not now any longer a question of the
'' vigorous pi osecution of the war, as the ph i ase
goes', but absolutely one of simple financial sal-
vation. Taxation, heavy taxation, butupon sound
principle and in the light way, can alone now
save us. * .
I hope I am not giving aid and comfort to the
enemy. I know, of course, sir, that I cannot have
the ear of those who think that "110 good can
come out of Nazareth." But 1 address mysel to
wiser men, and T express again the hope that
these measures of finance may be introduced at
once, but postponed to a day certain, distant
enough to allow the amplest examination of them
in advance; and that afterwards they may be con-
sidered and discussed at length, and as their im-
mense magnitude and importance demand. If we
are not competent to this task, and arc expectcd to
take just whatsoever the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the one hand, or the banks upon the other,
or both combined, may choose to submit, let us
resign and go home, to the end that abler and
fitter men may be sent here to fill the scats which
we dishonor. But the work will be more .than
half done whenever we shall have boldly, man-
fully, and honestly taken hold of it.
I move to postpone the consideration of this
resolution to this day week. It presents the whole
question of ways and means fairly and to its full-
est extent for general debate.
Mr. IIORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am very happy
to agree in general with my colleague in the re-
marks which he has just made in lelution to this
resolution. My object in addressing the House
is to call the attention of members for one moment
to the object of the resolution, in order that they
may vote understandingly. The purpose of the
resolution is to notify the country that we are at
work with a settled purpose, that the people may
rest until we can have time to mature the meas-
ures of finance that we are engaged upon; and that
they maybe satisfied, although there is a great deal
of talking in the House, that there is a great deal
of wot k being done in the committee room. I ask
members of the House to vote for this resolution
with the knowledge that the Committee of Ways
and Means are at work as constantly as it is within
their power, in order to arrive at a financial policy
that will, to the best of their ability, subserve the
best interests of the public. As soon as the meas-
ure can be matuied it will be presented to the
House. I agree with my colleague to give it the
fairest consideration at the earliest day; and I am
willing, so far as I am conccrned, to devote the
time of the House to work and not to talking, to
vital and not to side and unimportant issues. 1
hope that the resolution will pass unanimously,
and in order to have a vote upon it at once, I de-
mand the previous question.
Mi. BINGHAM. I hope that my colleague
will not insist upon his demand for the previous
question. 1 will renew it if my colleague will with-
draw it, to peimit me to speak to the resolution.
Mr. IIORTON. I yield with that condition.
Mr. BINGHAM. X wdl renew it when I have
concluded.
At the request of Mr. Horton, the resolution
was again read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am for this
joint resolution, which oitleis the enactment of a
bill to supply to the Treasui y for the common de-
fense,by taxation direct and nidiicct,$l;)O,OO0,OOO
annually. I hail such legislation as iesponsi\c to
the living issue of the hour—the suppression of
the lebellion which strikes at the nation side. It
is, in my judgment, the duty of the Representa-
tives of the people to provide the ways and means,
and to declare by law the power which shall be
employed by the Executive for the unconditional
suppression of this rebellion, unparalleled m all
the past, whether you consider the territory and
resources which itcommands, the numbers which
it summons to its standaid of revolt, or the great
interests and immortal hopes which it stakes upon
the issue. . ..
That this rebellion should be suppressed, all
good men agree; that it can be suppressed only
by the dread arbitrament of battle is now no lon-
ger an open question; that it shall be suppressed
speedily and forever is the stern decree of that
great people whose sublime uprising m defense of
their nationality this day excites the wonder and
challenges the admiration of the woild. Tins
decree of the people can only be executed by force,
authorized, oiganizcd,and governed by law. Xo
tins end Congress should legislate, the Executive
should act, and the mighty-legions of the people
should strike with that ten ible power with which
Omnipotence clothes a nation's arm for the ic-
dress of wiong and the vindication of justice.
The Republic, sir, has the right to live and to
maintain us separate place among the Powers of
the earth, until that right shall beforfeiled by ciimc.
The life of the Republic depends upon just laws,
their acknowledged supiemacy, or their rigid en-
forcement. The rebellion, organized and power-
ful over half the national domain, declares the
Republic dismembered, its Constitution and laws
repealed, and its authority defied. This rebellion
must be put down; and you, sir, and all of us, must
bylaw provide for its suppiession, or the Repub-
lic dies. The supremacy of its laws is the bieath
of its life. The Republic can no more live with-
out its supreme law duly obeyed or duly enforced
than can its citizens who compose it live without
air.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, will the gen-
tleman from Ohio permit me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit the necessity of
making immediate and adequate provision to sus-
tain the public credit and to carry on the war, but
I would inquire of the gentleman from Ohio, who
is a distinguished member of the Committee on
the Judiciary, whether, in his opinion, it is not
as necessary to provide by law for depriving the
rebels of the "sinews of war;" in otner words,
to confiscate their property and free their slaves;
and I would respectfully inquire why the Judi-
ciary Committee have not reported apracticaland
uniform measure of that character?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer my friend
that, without censuring others, it is no fault of mine
that such a law is not already enacted. Of the
right and duty of this House so to legislate I shall
presently speak. I was saying when interrupted
that the Republic could not live without its su-
preme law duly obeyed and duly enforced.
What is the supreme law of this Republic under
which, youngest born of the nations, it came to be,
and only by the maintenance of which and the
care of the Infinite it can continue to be? Upon
this question there is no room for doubt; it was
answered by those great spirits whom God taught
to build the majestic structure of our civil institu-
tions. In your matchless Constitution they have
declared:
" Thin Constitution nnd the law? of the United States
which shall lie made in pui«iiance thereof, and all treaties
made or winch shall be made under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supiome law of the land."
These shall be the supreme law of the land,
"anything in the constitution and laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding;" they shall
be supreme in every State of the Union, in the
Carohnas as well as in distant Oregon; they shall
be supremo over every officer, civil and military,
in- every department of Government, State and
national; supreme over every citizen and cveiy
stranger within your gates; supreme over every
ship bearing your flag in every sea beneath the
whole heavens; supreme over your Army and
Navy and the mighty legions of the people them-
selves when they rush to the lescue of a violated
Constitution. To-day this supreme law is defied
and cloven down by the red arm of lebelhon in
eleven States extending from the Potomac to the
Ilio Giande. To lift up over all that vast region
the fallen ensign of the llepublic, and reassert and
enforce its supreme law. is the first duty and fixed
purpose of the people; and allow me to add, the
first duty, as I trust it is the fixed purpose, of the
people's Representatives. In the discharge of this
patriotic duty, in the execution of this sublime
[impose of saving a nation's life by enforcing a
nation's laws, what are the rights, poweis, and
duties of the Government of the United States?
Sir, answering this question, now upon every
tongue, standing upon the Constitution, not dar-
msfto look nor desiring to look beyond its grants
of power or its limitations of power, 1 affirm that
the Government of the United States may and can
authorize and by force do against these traitors,
whatever, in consonance with natural justice, may
be necessuiyto the speedy and complete suppres-
sion of this rebellion.
I repeat it, sir, that whatever is necessary to be
done for the common defense and the maintenance
of the nation's life, may be done, and is required to
be done by the very terms of the Constitution.
And vet, sir, with a " sickly sentimentalitywe
have "been admonished upon this floor and else-
where that necessity is the plea of tyrants. Do not
gentlemen know that it is only by wrongfully
at rogating and assuming the rightful powers of
good government, that tyrants rule ? Tyrants en-
force their assumed authority and unrighteous de-
ciees by arms: does it thence result that a just and
beneficent Government wrongfully and wickedly
assailed and threatened with ovcithrow, may not,
if need be, protect and preserve its own existence
by arms? Why, sir, it is an accepted maxim of
the common law of nations—the growth of centu-
ries,the gatheied wisdom of a thousand years—
that whatever is necessary to the preservation of a
State is just, with this limitation—that what is in-
