346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
herently unjust is never necessary. _ When a na-
tion is driven to the assertion of its rights by war,
the end of which is to obtain justice by force,
when not obtainable by any other method,it has
the right to do against the enemy whatever it finds
necessary for the attainment of that end. " Right
goes hand in hand with necessity and the exigen-
cies of the case, but never exceeds them.5' That is
the accepted law of the civilized world, recognized
in the courts of every civilized State, and uttered
by all the great writers on international law.
War, then, is the necessary assertion of a na-
tion's rights by force, authorized by law; or the
wrongful invasion of a nation's rights by force,
and without authority of law. The one is just,
the other unjust. War may be international or
civil, foreign or domestic; that is, it may be waged
against one nation by another separate and inde-
pendent nation, or war may be wrongfully levied
by citizens of a State against their own Govern-
ment. This last is the war which to-day shakes
the Republic,and of wjiich the Constitution speaks
when it declares " that treason against the United
States shall consist only in levying war against
them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them
aid and comfort.5' In the suppression of this civil
war—this treasonable war, waged by rebel citi-
zens against the Constitution and laws—the Gov-
ernment, by law, may authorize and by force do
not only all that is sanctioned by the law of na-
tions in cuses of international conflict, but it may
rightfully and constitutionally do more; it may
inllict death upon conviction, m accordance with
its statute, upon every person owing allegiance to
it who has levied or shall levy this unnatural war
against it, or who has adhered or shall adhere to
these rebels, giving them aid and comfort, either
within the United States or elsewhere. I cannot
and do not agren with what I have heard inti-
mated here—that because Great Bntain has pro-
claimed herself neutral as between the United
States and these insurgents, that the treason of the
insurgents is thereby legalized; that your statute
against treason is thereby repealed; or that these
traitors are thereby clothed with the rights or en-
titled to the immunities of the subjects of a bellig-
erent but sovereign and independent State. No, sir;
all the foreign Powers 011 God's earth cannot by
proclamationsof neutrality and recognition of these
insurgents as belligeients invest them with sover-
eignty or absolve them from the dread penalty of
their crime. To suppress this rebellion and pun-
ish this treason, which has for its object the over-
throw of the Constitution and laws, is the right of
the Government, resting upon and declared by the
express provisions of the Constitution. The Pres-
ident shall u take care that the laws be faithfully
executed," and shall " solemnly swear" that he
" will faithfully execute tin1 office of President of
the United Stales," and " to the best of his ability
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution."
The duty enjoined upon the President to execute
the laws of the Union—the supreme laws of the
land—neoessanly implies, inasmuch as the Con-
stitution does not. execute usclf, that he shall be
invested by the law-making power with the au-
thonty needful to that end.
What are the law-making poweis of the Gov-
ernment, and what department of (he Govern-
ment is authoi ized to exercise them; Look again
to the Constitution, the o i-eat charter of the nation's
rights—the written expression oft he people's will.
That installment provides that '* all legislative
powers heiem granted, shall be vested in a Con-
gress of the United States, which shall consist of
a Senate and [-louse of Representatives." Of the
legislative powers therein granted i deem it only
necessary to my present purpose to enumerate
the following:
vC_The Congress shall have power to levy and collect taws,
duties, imports and excise-*, to pay the debt* and piovtd^
tortile common dtfense llud general welfare of tilC
United States:
•'To bmiow and coin money, and regulate commerce
" r^° COllx{llu,<' Iribunnis mfct 101 to th" Supreme Com t •
'• Io dehuc ami piuu<h piraeu^ and felonies committed
on the hiyh Mjas and ollenses agaimt th" law of nations .
•• 1 o d' riaic wai, cium b,tt<,id ofinaiqiu* and repi .sal, and
make uile- concerning eaptmes by Umd and watci:
"To ini-eand fuppoit <>rimoi,.
"To piovid" and maintain a mm :
•'To mak'' ruic-i Sbr the gave; uinent and 1 ovulation of the
land and innaf fntec - •
<* To pio\ ide hu ea'iimr fotth th" militia to execute the
laws of ihe Union, -supptc^ nirmnrction?, and icpel inva-
sions :
'•To provide for oigamzing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such part of them as may be em-
ployed in the service of the United States:
a To declare the punishment of treason :
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for eariywg into execution the foregoing powers and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States, or in any department or officer there-
of." -
Thus have the people by their Constitution in-
trusted to Congress, in order to provide bylaw for
"the common defense," these highest powers of
sovereignty, in the exercise of which are involved
theissucs of liberty and property, of life and death.
Surrounded by this wild storm of rebellion, in
these clear grants of power to provide by law fully
and completely not only for its suppression by
force, butfor its fit punishment, I see that the fear-
less men who framed that instrument were taught
what is so essential in all human affairs, " the
righteousness that there is in right understand-
ing." With the far-reaching vision of the seer,
they perccivcd clearly and provided fully for every
possible national exigency. The comprehensive
wisdom of the Constitution stamps its authors as
possessing in full measure that highest quality of
man—the large discourse which looks before and
after. I neither forget nor seek to conceal the fact
that there are special guarantees to States and per-
sons in the Constitution, and special limitations1
upon the powers of Congress, and that the author-
ity of the Government is limited to its delegated
powers, express or implied. But, sir, a careful
examination of that wondrous instrument in the
light of its contemporaneous construction, will
convince any one that the great powers conferred
by the Constitution upon Congress " to provide
for the common defense," arc only limited in the
extent of their exercise by the public necessity and
the eternal rules of right and justice, obligatory
alike upon men and nations.
Sir, in all that I have said, or may say, touch-
ing your unlimited power to legislate "for the
common defense," I do not mean to ignore that
highest law, whose voice is the harmony of the
world, and whose seat is the bosom of God—the
low, not of material, but of human life; that life
which is more than breath, or the quick round of
blood; that life which is a great spirit and a busy
heart, which is thought incarnate, mind piecip-
1 itated,and which we designate by the strong word
f man—by whom is made the great living woild of
human thought and human feeling and human
J action. Nor when I speak of your unlimited power
J to legislate for the general welfaie, do I mean that
] you may rightfully legislate to the hurt of the gen-
eral welfare, or in wanton disregard of those rights
of human nature, to protect which all good gov-
ernment is ordained. I admit, sir, that civil gov-
ernment, with all its complex machinery of civil
polity, ia but a means for the attainment of a more
important end—the protection of individual man,
' the development of his deathless faeulucs, of his
genetous affections, of the immortal sentiments,
hopes, and aspirations of Ins being.
But, sir, it is a part of the essential economy
of good government, that individual interests and
individual rights must subserve, atwhatevercost,
the public good. No man lives for himself alone,
but each for all. Some must die that the State may
, live; individuals are but for to-day; the Com-
[ monwealth is for ail time.
! J reaffirm my proposition that you are intrusted
I by the people with the unlimited sovcieign power
\ to make all laws just and needful " for the com-
j mon defense." What limitation is there but the
I public necessity upon your power to lay and col-
! loot taxes in the manner prescribed, to contract
| debts and borrow money, to declare war, raise
\ armies and navies, and make rules for their gov-
! eminent. The limitations of the Constitution may
; be cited:
| "No person shall be depnved of life, hbeity, or property,
j biU by due pioce^s of l.-nv.1'
1 IN or shall private property be taken "for public
! use without just compensation."
I '• Jnail eiiimnal piosoeution* the accused shall enjoy the
i ught to ar-peody and public hj.il, l>v an impaitial jury of
i the State and dwnct whcicin the eilme committed.
i When, to pro vide for the common defense, you
levy a tax, as recommended by this resolution,
j upon the ^private propcity of the citizen, and in
; default ol its payment distrain, sell, and transfer
, his property to the stranger, not by the process of
j your eout ts, but by the sunimaiy action of asscss-
! ors and collectors, you take private property for
public use by due process of law, but without
compensation. Why is this? Because it is ne-
cessary for the general welfare; because the safety
of the Republic is the supreme law; because every
citizen, by the very constitution of Government,
holds his property and life in trust for the com-
mon defense. When you declare war, and raise
armies and navies, and call out and organize the
militia, and make rules and articles for their gov-
ernment, and thereby subject the citizen to the
trials of the camp, to the destruction of the pesti-
lence which walketh in darkness and wasteth at
noonday, to the slaughter of battle, and the re-
straints of military discipline, and the death pen-
alties of a court-martial, you deprive him of life
and liberty by due process of law, and condemn
and punish him as a criminal without a "trial by
an impartial jury of the State and district." When,
by your prize statutes, you provide, as you have
provided, for the capture and sale 0f private prop-
erty for public use, you take private property by
due process of law, but without any compensa-
tion. So, also, when by statute you provide for
the seizure and forfeiture of goods imported in
fraud of your revenue la\vs,and pay the proceeds
thereof into the Treasury, you take private prop-
erty for public use by due process of law, but
without compensation. In short, sir, thatexpres-
sion of the Constitution, due process of law, means
only the law of the land.
Enough has been said to show that these great
grants of power to be exercised for the common
defense are vested in the national Legislature with-
out any special limitation. But lest some ques-
tion might be made whether the people had given
the power to provide by law for laying the life
and libei ty and property of the citizen under con-
tribution, when the common peril and the common
defense made it necessary, they added the compre-
hensive grant—
Congiessshallhave power to make all iaws necessary
and proper" * " * * "for carrying into
execution all powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-"
emmentof the UnitedStates,orin any department or officer
thereof."
What room is there for doubt or equivocation
here? First, the legislative department, Congress,
shall have power to lay and collect taxes and pro-
vide for the common defense of the United States;
to make war, raise armies and navies, and call out
the militia to suppress insurrection and repel inva-
sion and to make laws for their government; next
the executive department, the President, shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed; and finally
Congress shall have power to make all laws ne-
cessary and proper for carrying these powers,
thus granted to the Legislature and the Executive
into execution. What words could be plainer or
more comprehensive ? Congress shall have power
to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying
into execution all the powers gianted to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or to any department
or officer thereof. The words " necessary and
proper" are here used in their most general and
unlimited sense. Congress is the sole judge of
what legislation is " necessary and projJfcr"for the
common defense, the suppression of insurrection,
the repelling of invasion, and the defense of the
Constitution.
The word necessary as used is not limited by
the additional word " proper," but enlarged there-
by.
CjIf the woid necessary were used in the strict, rigorous
f-eurfc, it would be an e.\h aordmai vdcp.irtmo from the usual
course of the human mind, as exhibited in solemn instiu-
ments, to add another word the only possible effect of which
is to quality that stnet and li^oiuu* meaning, and to pie-
sent eleaiiy the idea of a ehnn-e of means in the eoursc of
legislation. If no means are to be lesorted to but such as
are indispensably neeessaiy, there can be neither sense nor
utility in adding the other word ' pioper;' for the mdispejisa-
blc necchbitxt \\ ould shut out from view all consideiation of
the pi 0in lety of the means.'''—3 Story's Commentaries, sec.
The character of the clause forbids its interpre-
tation as a restriction 011 the powers of Congress.
It is placed among the express grants of power,
and not among the express limitations of power.
It is inconceivable that the framcrs of the Consti-
tution should have disguised a restriction upon
the powers of Congress under the form of a grant
of power. (McCnlloughrs.Maryland,4 Wheaton,
4£0.) That the word is used without any limit-
ation, deliberately and intentionally, is apparent
from the fact that when intended to limit the same
word " necessary" employed in the tenth scction
