3288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
prescribed by the court appointing him, and to be
approved by the clork thereof, conditioned for the
faithful discharge of" his duties as receiver, and lie
will also be required to take an oath to the like
effect. He will receive such compensation as may
be allowed to marshals and other officers for like
services, to be taxed as costs in the case, the col-
lection of which, and of all other costs and ex-
penses arising in such proceedings from the party
or parties who ought to pay the same, may be
enforced by order of the court. If any person
shall disobey any order lawfully made in pursu-
ance of this act, and duly served, such person may
be punished as for contempt. No person, 011 ex-
amination pursuant to tins act, is to be excused
from answering any question on the ground that
his examination will tend to convict him of a
fraud, but his answer istiot to be used against him
in a prosecution for such fraud. The court before
which any such examination may be had, may
compel the production of any books of account,
or other books or papers, which may be in the
possession or under the control of any party so
examined, and which may be deemed material to
the proper conduct of such examination, or which
may contain any evidence concerning the subject
of such examination or the matter in controversy;
and, if necessary, to compel the delivery thereof
to the receiver or other proper officer of the court,
to he used as the exigencies of the examination or
proceeding may require. When the party to he
examined is a corporation, its answers are to be
made, on oath, by such officer or officers thereof
as tile court, 011 motion of the party asking for
such examination, whall order. The severiil
courts of the United States may direct, by stand-
ing rules, that any power by this act conferred
upon such courts may be exercised, in vacation,
by any judge thereof within his proper district.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment in section six, line two,
after the word "be," to insert the words "re-
quired to answer any question, if the answer will
tend to criminate him; but no person shall be;"
so that the section wilt read:
That no person shall, on examination pursuant to this
act, be required to answer any question, if the answer will
tend to criminate hun ; but no' person shall be excused from
answering any question on the ground iliat Ins examination
will lend 10 convict him of afiaud i but bis answer shall
not be used against him in a prosecution for such fraud.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. If it be in order, 1 will move the
following amendment as an additional section to
the bill.
Jliid be it further enacted, That hereafter any person who
shall adhere to the government of the so-called confederate
States ol' America, or do 4ny act to carry on or sustain the
same, or shall adhere to the existing hisiurection against
tiie United States, or {,'ive it aid or comfort, or shall advise
any person to join it, or give any money, property, 01 othur
thins whatever, lo any purson to induce bun.to join said
insiiricction, or to any person who lias joined, or is about
to join said insurrection, wilh the intent to give aid or as-
sistance to such person in said insuirection, or shall eater
Into any consultation or conspiracy to promote or aid the
present insurrection, shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor
against the United States, and shall he subject to line or
imprisonment, or both, the fine not to bo more than $'1,000
nor less than $100; the imprisonment not to exceed ten
years nor be less than one year, at the discretion or the jury.
Mr. FOSTER. I really hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not press that as an amendment to
this lull. If itshould bo pressed, the consequence,
of course, may be foreseen. I will suggest to him
that I will go with luin heart in hand in"punishing
what he is properly so anxious to punish; but cer-
tainly it would be improper to put it on this bill,
winch is simply altering some of the rules of evi-
dence in courts of the United States in regard to
revenue cases.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment. I
shallasktheSenate, though, to take itup as a sep-
arate proposition.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MARGAKET BAILEY,
Mr. SHEjtMAN. I desire, what I have jiever
asked to be done before, the passage of a small
private bill giving a pension to a widow, and i
hope it will be done. It will take but a moment
to pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a public bill, or a
resolution, rather, which is of some importance to
the Government. I have addressed the Chair at
least twenty times this afternoon in order to get
it presented.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to discharge the
Committee on Pensions from the consideration of
House bill No. 527.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a private bill it
seems, and in a committee, and not yet reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the assent of the
committee. It has been acted on by the House,
and I am sure if the Senator will hear the report
he will not objcct to it. 1 move to postpone all
prior orders,and that the Committee on Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Committee on Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H. 11. No. 527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth
regiment of Virginia volunteers.
The motion was agreed to, and the SenatP, as in
Committeeofthe Whole, proceeded toconsiderthe
bill. I tdirccu that there be paid to Margaret Bailey,
widow of George B. Bailey, late acting lieutenant
colonel in the ninth regiment of Virginia volun-
teers, one month's pay of a lieutenant colonel, for
services rendered by her husband as lieutenant
colonel and surgeon, prior to November 10,1861,
when I10 was killed in battle at Guyandotte, Vir-
ginia. The Commissioner of Pensions is also
directed to place the name of Margaret Bailey on
the pension roll, at the rate of thirty dollars per
month.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I th'ink that is setting a
very bad precedent.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will hear a
statement of the case, he will not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the widow of a lieutenant colonel is ever pen-
sioned at the rate of thirty dollars a month.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; that is the rule.
Mr. FOSTER. That is the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better be
passed over,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator had read the
report or heard a statement of the case, lie would
not make, an objection. This man was appointed
a lieutenant colonel and served as such, but before
he received his commission anil was mustered into
the service of the United States, he was engaged
ill battle, distinguished himself, and was killed.
The simple reason why it is necessary now to pass
this bill is, that he was not mustered into the ser-
vice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire if this bill
gives nothing but what the widow would be en-
titled to by law if he had been mustered into the
service?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not a cent, as I understand
the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator is right as to the
law, that this widow would be entitled to thirty
dollars a month; but I suggest to him and the Sen-
ate that the bill should be amended in this; it does
not direct the Commissioner of Pensions from
what date to place this widow's name on the pen-
sion roll, nor docs it fix the period that it shall con-
tinue there, through widowhood, as the general
law does. It neither fixes the time when it shall
begin or end.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it, it will begin with
the passage of the law.
Mr. FOSTER. The time ought to be fixed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have
to fixing it is on account of the great difficulty.of
getting a bill through the House of Represent-
atives, or having an amendment acted on there.
Mr. FOSTER. It ought to be limited during
widowhood, because that is the general law. If
we give this widow all the benefits of the general
law, it is as much as ought to be asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is all 1 ask; but this bill
passed the House in this form, and I trust it will
not be sent back, whore it may be lost. This lady
is very poor.
Mr. FOSTER. I go with the Senator from
Ohio in favor of the bill. It is a meritorious bill,
and ought to be passed, and if it had been in the
hands of the Committee on Pensions over two
days it would have been reported, bjut it was only
referred yesterday. I have looked at the bill, and
I am saiisficd it is butsimple justice to this widow;
but still I think it ought to conform to the general
law and apply only during widowhood. That is
the general "Jaw, and it has been put upon every
pension bill that has been passed this session. I
do not believe there would be any difficulty in the
House in concuning in the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks that
it will not create opposition in the House 1 have
no objection to the limitation. I do not want to
make an exception in this case.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course the Senator is more
competent to judge of the action of the House
than lam. I "know there is a very kindly feeling
ill the House towards this bill; but still I cannot
agree to it without these amendments. I believe-
it would be assented to in the other House.^
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senator if we
could not amend it by a supplemental bill at the
next session. This lady is very poor, I believe.
I know nothing of her-; but I hope the bill will be
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut moves the following amendment
to the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator state at what
time it shall commence?
Mr. SHERMAN. From the passage oftheact.
Mr. FOSTER. Say " the 1st of July, to con-
tinue during widowhood."
Mr.SHERMAN. Very well. I will ask, how-
ever, if it ought not to commence from the date
of the death of her husband. Isnotthatthe usual
course?
Mr. FOSTER. From the time the proofis made
out is the rule. I think if it is put at the 1st of
July, it will be as early as could be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; that will answer
probably.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut, to add at the end of the bill these words:
" from the 1st day of July, 18G2, to continueduring
her widowhood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred 111 and ordered
to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
CUSTODY OF MONEY IN FKIZE CASES.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 97) in relation to the law of prize;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for the consid-
eration of that joint resolution now, after the read-
ing of a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
which will explain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the joint resolution atthe pres-
ent time.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read through first that
we may see what it is.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
directs that hereafter all moneys received from the
sale of property under the prize laws of the Uni-
ted States, whether under interlocutory or final
decrees, shall be paid by the marshal into the
Treasury of the United States for safe-keeping,
within twenty days from the day of sale, instead
of the register of the court, less the costs and dis-
bursements, sworn to by the marshal and taxed
by the court; and every clerk of a Uniled States
court now having any such moneys in hand is to
immediately pay the same into the Treasury of the
United States, less the costs and disbursements, to
be sworn to and taxed; and upon a final decree of
condemnation or restitution it is to be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and he is author-
ized, to pay over the same upon the order of the
proper court.
Mr. HALE. Let me state a fact to my friend
from Illinois. That very subject has been under
consideration, and a section covering that very
matter is agreed to in a bill which has just been
completed in a committee of conference of the two
Houses. That very matter has been considered
by them, and a similar provision is agreed to in
the bill, that this money shall be paid over,
