1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
How many of ihe States under the provisions of
your bill could take their quota of the lands under
the bill, within their own borders?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know the exact
number, hull suppose several of them could. Iowa
would, and so with Wisconsin, Minnesota, and
Florida, if it were a loyal Slate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, IunderstandnotMin-
nesota.
Mr. HARLAN. Arkansas, I have no doubt,
would. I am notcertain whether Missouri would
or not, but I think Missouri would select her pro-
portion within her own limits.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I think not, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; you have the
graduation bill in force in Missouri.
Mr. HARLAN. But the graduation act only
entitles settlers on public lands that have been in
market during the period specified in the law, to
buy them at the graduated price. They are not
subject to sale at graduated prices, except for set-
tlement and cultivation. Non-residents and land
speculators cannot purchase at these prices. The
minimum price for all others, except actual set-
tlers, is 25 per acre.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understand that the
provision of this bill does not allow the States to
take graduated lands.
Mr. HARLAN. There is nothing in the bill
that would prevent a State from selecting gradu-
ation lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to have an
understanding with the Senatorfrom Iowa. I may
misunderstand the bill. Missouri has her lands
graduated. She will under the provisions of this
bill be entitled to 300,000 acres. Can she under
the bill take the twelve and a half cent land in that
Sutc, oi is she likely to do so, for what is coming
to her under the bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I can only give my opinion.
I think the bill is so framed as to enable her to take
the lands within her own limits, if she chooses to
do so, from lands subject to sale at graduated
prices.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not so under-
stand it. *
Mr. HARLAN. But, if not, I am inclined to
the opinion that there is enough public land, which
has not been graduated in Missouri, to satisfy the
conditions of the bill, and if so she would not go
outside of the limits of the State to make her se-
lection; but as to the fact, I am not prepared to
inform the Senator. The Senator stated in his
remarks a few days since on this subject, that if
this bill should become a law the probability was
that the most of the scrip that would be issued to
the States that have no public land would be lo-
cated in his State, and that if so it would cover
the entire area of Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot allow that
statement to be made. I said that if would cover
all the valuable lands of Kansas, or most of them.
I refer the Senator to my printed remarks. I said
that the scrip would cover most of the valuable
lands of Kansas, and I still say so.
Mr. HAR.LAN. There are in Kansas, in the
entire area of the State, 5*3,043,191 acres. I infer
from my general knowledge of the character of
the Slate, that the entire 10,000,000, if so much
should be granted under this bill, might be located
in that State, and an immense amount of valuable,
land still remain. There is, however, no proba-
bility of any very considerable proportion of this
scrip being located in Kansas more than other
landed States. Although it is a beautiful State,
and the land is excellent, yet it is no better than
the land in Minnesota, m Iowa, and probably in
Nebraska and other .landed States and Teriito-
ries.
Tliisbill proposes to grant to the States less than
10,000,000 acrcs. We now have, of surveyed and
unsold lands, over 134,000,000 a ores. About sixty-
fivo millions of acres of these lands have been ex-
posed to sale at public outcry, and are now sub-
ject to sale at private entry. The remaining
surveyed lands will soon be in the same condition.
Deduct the entire grant contemplated by this bill,
and ihcre will remain of the surveyed public lands
more than 124,000,000 acres. But, sir, I find by
the table to which i referred a few minutes since
that the total unsold and unappropriated public
lands belonging to the United States, offered and
unotfered, on the 30th day of September, 1861,
amounted to 1,046,290,093.16 acres—more than
1,000,000,000 acres of public lands. This bill pro-
poses to take less than 10,000,000 of that more than
1,000,000,000 and give it to the States, as trustees,
to be used for the education of their agricultural
people. The comparative amount is trivial. The
object is certainly commendable. And the new
Slates will derive an advantage from the expendi-
ture of the proceeds of the sale of these lands
within the old Slates; for we will receive a very
large per cent, of the active young men that are
to be educated in the colleges contemplated by this
bill. And it is as well that they should be edu-
cated at home before they emigrate.
The only injury that the new States can possi-
bly suffer from the passage of this bill is, that large
quantities of the land scrip issued to the old States
may be procured by land speculators, and located
on large bodies of land in the new States and held
for large prices, thus retarding settlements and
improvements. This is the only possible injury
that the passage of the bill can inflict on the new
States. And this evil brings with it an inevitable
advantage: as soon as the title passes from the
United States, the land will be subject to taxation.
Before it is entered it cannot be taxed. In this
respect the location of this scrip in any new State
will be an advantage to its tax payers, as it will
augment the amount of taxable property.
But what inducement would land speculators
have to purchase this land scrip and locate it on
public lands? None whatever; unless the scrip
should sink in the market below the minimum
price of lands per acre when purchased with coin.
For he may now, under existing laws, purchase
land without limit with cash. He may even com-
pete with the settler, other than preemptors, in the
purchase of his homo. There is nothing in ex-
isting laws to prevent it. Hence the argument,
when sifted, is an argument against cheapening
the price of the public lands; and this needs no
refutation.
As I said in the outset, representing aland State,
I do not feel a strong desire that this bill shall be-
come a law. I think the advantages and disad-
vantages that would result in my own State are
newly equally balanced. And I do notbelieve that
any new State will be materially damaged by the
bill. It is a just bill in its provisions to the old
States, and, considering that the new States have
received such laige grants of land from the Gen-
eral Government under the various acts of Con-
grffls to which I have alluded, it is not unreason-
able, as it seems to me, that the new States should
acquiesce in the passage of this bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say something
on this bill before the vote is taken on its passage,
but I do not desire to interpose any unfair obsta-
cles to its consideration; and ! I hen-fore move that
it be postponed until next Wednesday, at half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maine whether he will agree that this debate may
go on, or whether it interrupts seriously his cal-
culations with regard to the financial bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot agree that any-
thing shall interpose after the morning hour, until
the tax bill is concluded.
Mr. WILKINSON. I shall not want probably
more than twenty or thirty minutes.
Mr. GRIMES. Will not Monday do?
Mr. POMEROY. If the bill is to go over, I
should like to offer an amendment, that it may be
printed.
Mr. WADE. I do not know any time to which
we can reasonably postpone this bill. I cannot
tell when the tax bill will be out of the way—
probably not in all the next week.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am willing that we shall
go on with this bill in the morning hour, at half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Then why not fix it for Mon-
day? If you have not got your mind made up
on this subject now, I am sure you ought not to
oppose the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. My mind is made up, but
I wish to look over some data. I will modify my
motion, so as to fix Tuesday for this bill.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from Minnesota as moving to make this
bill a special order?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object to its being
made a special order.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that we had better
make it a special order, for that saves debate on
getting it up, because then it will come up of
itself.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be made a special
order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If it be put after the
tax bill, 1 shall have no objection to its being a
special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not interfere "with
the tax bill, while it is confined to the morning
hour.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to submit an amend-
ment, in order that it may be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is the sense of the Senate
that this bill is to go over, I desire also to submit
an amendment, and to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
can be received informally. There is already a
pending amendment, and the amendments now
proposed cannot be strictly in order until that
shall have been acted upon. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone the'further consid-
eiation of this bill until Tuesday next at half past
twelve o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask that the amend-
ment which I propose be printed with the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All these amend-
ments will be printed, if there be no objection.
The order to print was made.
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has not quite expired, but as it is very near the
time for the special order, the Chair will, if there
be no objection, now call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. /
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The Secretary read the seventy-second section
of the bill, as follows:
•Auction Sales.
Sec. 7H. be it further cnactcd, That on and after the
1st day of May, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on all sales of goods, wares, merchandise, aiticles, or
ihJnjr^ at auction, including all sales of blocks, bonds, and
other sofMu itU's, a duly of one tenth of one per cent, on the
gios& amount of such sales; and eveiy auctioneer, making
such sales, as afoioaid, shall. at the end of each and eveiy
month, or withm ten day*s iheiealtor, make a list or return
to the a-^istant assessor of the distiiet of the gross amount
ol such --ales, made as atoie-aid, with the amount of duty
which hap accrued, or should accrue thereon, which lUt
•shall have anm xed thereto a declaration under oath or af-
fiimation, in form and manner asmay be prescribed by the
Commissionei of Internal llevenue, lhat ihe same lsttue
and coircet, and shall at the <-ame tune, a* aforesaid, pay
to the eolleetoi or deputy collector the amount of duty or
tax theieupon, as afoiesaid, and in dolault thereof shall be
subject to and pay a penalty of In all cases of de-
Istiqucney in making said list or payment, the assessment
and collection shall be made in the''manner preseiibed m
the general piovi^ions ot tins act: Provided, That no duty
shall be icquucd to he paid under thte section upon any
sale5! not included in the provisions of the second subdivis-
ion of section sixty of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose, in the second line of this section, to strike out
" May" and insert " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT The committeealso
propose to strike out the proviso in thefollowing
words:
Proiidcd, Tuat no duty shall be required tobe paid under
this section upon any sales not included in the piovisiona
ol the second .subdivision of section sixty of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That no dutv shall be levied under the provis-
ions of this section upon any sales for which no liccnse is
required by law.
The amendment was agreed to
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next section
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Carriages, Watches, Piano Foitcs, Billiard Tables, arid
Plate.
Sec. 73. And be it fmthcr enoctcd* That from and after
the l&t day ot May, 1S62, there shah be levied, collected,
and paid by any person or persons owning, possessing, or
keeping any carnage, watch, piano forte, and billiard table,
the several duties or sums of money set down in figures
