1862,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there is no occasion
for this joint resolution if another bill covers it.
■ Mr. HALE. I am sure it does. It directs the
money to be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, instead of to the clerks of the courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator knows, I
sup'pose, what the trouble is. The marshals are
charged with the custody of this property; they
make the sale; the judge directs the proceeds to
go into the hands of the clerk; and the Secretary
of the Interior says there are millions of dollars
that may be held there for years while all this
thing is in litigation. It ought to be corrected;
but if it is done already, there is no use for this
resolution now.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over. I know what the
section is in the other bill, for 1 have examined it
within an hour; and I will submit it to the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not ask for its con-
sideration under the circumstances. Let it lie for
the present.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will lie on the table.
NAVY RATION.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a report from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which I have neg-
lected to make heretofore, owing to the fact that
the papers were mislaid. It is a joint resolution
which 1 am instructed to report, and I think when
the Senate hear it read they will pass it without
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask the present consideration of the joint res-
olution?
Mr. HALE. Lotit be read, and if there be any
objection to it I will not ask it.
Flu* Secretary read the joint resolution, which
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to substi-
tute the Sawyer-Crimean soup for the preserved
meat and desiccated mixed vegetables now issued
as part of the Navy ration, if, after proper exam-
ination, lie shall deem the change advisable.
Mr. HALE. It is simply authorizing the
change if the Secretary thinks it advisable. A
great many gentlemen think it is, and this gives
him the discretion on the subject.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 96) changing the Navy ration, was read
three times, and passed.
PIIKEMPTOKS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
84) for the relief of the preeiriptors on the home
reservation of the Winnebagoes, in the Blue-earth
region, in the State of Minnesota, have directed
me to report it back without amendment, and to
ask that it may be put on its passage now.
Tliere being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Certain individuals having memorialized
Congress, setting forth that they were bona fide
actual settlers, under the preemption laws of the
United States, in the tract of country known as
the eighteen-mile-square home reservation of the
Winnebagoes, in the Blue-earth region, Minne-
sota, at a period of time when the Indian title had
been extinguished, and prior to the setting apart
by legal divisions of the Indian home reservation,
under the second article of the treaty of the 27th
of February, 1855, and that by reason of the set-
ting apart of the reservation they were forced from
their settlements and subjected to loss and damage
by the destruction of then* improvements; the bill
therefore provides that it shall and may be lawful
for each of such settlers, within three months from
and after the passage of this act, to file his declar-
atory statement with the proper register and re-
ceiver, descriptive of the tract so settled upon and
improved; and under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior he is to
oe permuted to establish his claim by the produc-
tion of testimony showing compliance with all the
requirements of the preemption law up to the pe-
riod when he was ousted by reason of the premises
falling within the Indian home reservation. The
testimony required under this act is to be the
affidavit of the claimant himself, taken before the
register and receiver, showing the date of the com-
mencement and the period of continuance of his
improvements, the extent of the same, size of his
habitation, the time and labor required in its con-
struction, extent of other improvements, and the
cost to him and value of the same, and value of
crop derived from the same; the affidavit to be
corroborated by disinterested testimony.
Upon the return of such testimony to the De-
partment, it is to be the,duty of the Secretary of
the Interior finally to adjudge the validity or inva-
lidity of each claim; ana in regard to those shown
to be bonajide underthe preemption law, to report
a list of the same, with all the testimony, to Con-
gress, stipulating such award as should be paid as
damages growing out of the loss and destruction
of such improvements by reason of the appropri-
ation of such settlements to the Indian reservation;
but the land officers of the local land office are not
to receive any additional pay or fees for the ser-
vices required of them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
five o'clock having arrived, the Senate will now,
in accordance with an order previously made, take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that is done, let me ask
that the Committee on Foreign Relations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a peti-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is t >o late.
The recess has been ordered.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p.m.
LAKE SUPERIOR, LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. CHANDLElt. I move that the Committee
on Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration nf House bill No. 496, to enlarge
the Lake Superior land district, in the State of
Michigan. The chairman of that committee and
the committee desire that this course be taken, and
I ask tiiat the bill be put on its passage. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office has recom-
mended it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
asks unanimous consent that that bill be put on
its passage at the present time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information.
The bill was read. Itprovidesthat all that por-
tion of the present Cheboygan distiict lying west
of Lake Michigan and south of the line dividing
townships forty-one and forty-two north, includ-
ing St. Martin's and the adjacent islands near the
entrance to Big Bay de Noc, shall be attached to
the Lake Superior district, and the lands therein
be subject to sale and entry at the site of the land
office for that district.
. Mr. CHANDLER. During six monthsofthe
year there is no travel cxcepton snow shoes be-
tween the land office as now located and this part
of the State.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I recommend that the thanks of Congress be given to the
following oIIkti-. of tlx; United rftate  Navy.
Captain James L. L.miner, for meritorious conduct at the
battle ot Pott itoyal and distinguished t-ervieesou the coast
ot the United States ag.unn the enemy.
Captain dialled Homy Davi-s, for distinguished services
in conflict with the enemy at Foit Pillow, at Memphis,
and loi successful operations at other points in the waters
oi'ilni Mississippi uvei.
Commander John A. Dahlgren, for distinguished seivice
in the line ot his profusion—•mipiovements m ordnance,
and zealous and elhcient labors m tlie oidnance branch of
the •service.
Commander Stephen C. Rowan, for distinguished ser-
vices in the waters of Noith Carolina, and partieulatiy in
the cftpimc of Newborn, being iu chief command of the
naval forces.
Commander David D. Porter, for distinguished services
in the conception and preparation of the means used for the
capture of the forte below New Orleans, and for highly mer-
itorious conduct in the management of the mortar flotilla
during the bombardment of Forts Jackson and St Philip.
Captain Silas H. Sfringham, now on tin: retired list, for
distinguished services in the capture of Ports Hatter as and
Clark. AUKAHAM LJNCOLN.
Washington, D. C., July 11,1862.
The message was, on motion of Mr. GRIMES,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
OFFICERS OF REVENUE SERVICE.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No
561) in relation to commissioned officers of the
United States revenue cutterservice,have instruct-
ed me to report it back, with two amendments. I
reported precisely the same bill from the Commit-
tee on Commerce three or four days ago, supposing
it would originate here. This is a duplicate, word .
for word, of the bill on the files of the Senate. I
ask that it be put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. There are two amendments
which 1 ask may be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe I shall object to
that bill. I do not wish it to pass without further
consideration.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn,and
the bill (H. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
sioned officers of the United States revenue cut-
ter service was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the commissioned offi-
cers of the revenue cutter service shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and that no officer not so nomin-
ated and confirmed at the en^l of the next session
of Congress shall be considered an officer of the
service. The grades of engineers are to be chief
engineers, first and second assistant engineers,
with the pay and relative rank of first, second, and
third lieutenants, lespectively. The wages of petty
officers and crew are not to exceed the average
wages paid for like services on the Atlantic and Pa-
cific coasts, respectively, in the merchant service.
Officers ofthe revenue cutter service, when serv-
ing in accordance with law, ns part of the Navy,
are to be entitled to relative rank as follows: cap-
tains, with and nextafter lieutenants commanding
in the Navy: first lieutenants, with and nextafter
lieutenants in the Navy; second lieutenants, with
and next after masters in line in the Navy; first
lieutenants, with and next after passed midship-
men in the Navy.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce was in line five of section one,
after the word " Senate," to strike out " and no
officer not so nominated and confirmed at the end
of the next session of Congress shall be consid-
ered an officer of the service."
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee strike that
out so as to leave all officers now in service there,
and all in future are to be appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of section four, the following
proviso:
Provided, That no change of rank by this bill shall in-
crease the pay to which such officer is now entitled by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
MILITIA LAWS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 394) to amend the " Act call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions," approved February 28, 1795, and the acts
amendatory thereof, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr, GRIMES, from the Committee on Nava!
Affairs, who were instructed by a resolution ofthe
Seriate of June 30,1862, to inquire if the Superin-
tendent of the Naval Academy, or any of the offi-
cers connected with the government or instruction
thereof, have allowed or countenanced in the young
men under their charge any manifestation or ex-
