1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
of the first article of the Constitution, the framers
were careful to prefix a word of limitation, as
follows:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any imposts 01 duties 011 imports or expoits, except what
may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspec-
tion laws."
If any such restriction as what is absolutely ne-„
cessary, or indispensably necessary, had been in-
tended in this general grant of power to Congress,
such word of limitation would have been used.
" When the Constitution was upon its deliver-
ance before the people," says Justice Story, "no
one, in or out of the State conventions, ever
dreamed of or suggested" that this clause " con-
tained a restriction of power. The whole argu-
ment on cach side of attack and defense gave it
the positive form of an express power." Away,
then, with that morbid, carping spirit of false
construction and lurking treason which would
strip the noblest structure of human government
ever devised by man of the lawful means of its
own defense and preservation, and make it a de-
lusive phantom of sovereignty; a splendid bauble,
the sport of every traitor. Whatever legislation,
then, is necessary for the common defense, and to
suppress insurrection, and secure the faithful ex-
ecution of the laws, and is not inconsistent with
the humane spirit and declared objcct of the Con-
stitution, it is the right and duty of Congress to
enact, that the Government may live, and that the
supremacy of the Constitution may be maintained
in accordance with the law of the land.
I pray gentlemen not to mistake me as intima-
ting that the condition of war confers upon Con-
gress any new.powers of legislation, but only as
claiming that the condition of war makes the occa-
sion for the exercise of the powers expressly
granted " for the common defense." In my judg-
ment, no wiser or truer word was ever uttered on
this floor than the declaration of the " old man
eloquent"—John Glumcy Adams—when he said:
u Theie am two classes of powcts ve^tpd by the Consti-
tution of the United States in their Confess and execu-
tive Government; the poweis to bccxeiei&ed in tune of
peaco and the powers incident to war. That the powers
of peace are limited by the provisions within the body of
the Constitution itself, hut the powcis of war are limited
and icgulated only by the Jaws and usages of nations, and
ate subject to no other limitation."
To the same point I cite the opinion of that
illustrious jurist and upright man who, in the
purer and better days of the Republic, shed the
light of his luminous intellect upon your judicial
decisions, and the construction of your Constitu-
tion.
Says Chief Justice Marshall:
" That war gives to thesoveieigii the full right to take the
persons and confiscate the property of the enemy uhacicr
*ound irf conceded."
But that the declaration of war does not of its
own force authoiize the seizure and condemnation
of the enemy's property, he says—
Jh fairly dcducible tiom the enumeration of power-*
which accompanies that of declaim? wai."
" a Oongie.-^fdiallhcive powci " v * "to
ctant ietteis of maique and leprisal, and make rules con-
cerning captures by land and watei. It would be restiaimng
this clause withm'nanowcr limits than the woids them-
selves impoi r, to say that the power to make lules concern-
ing captures on land and water is to be confined to captuics
cxtra-reiritonal. What s-hall be done with enemy propeity
in out countiy * * * * " ia a question of
policy ptoper foi the consideration of a depaitment which
can modify it at will. It is piopei for tlie consideration
ot the Legislature, not of the Executive or Judiciaiy.-'—
Broten v&. United State?, 8 Cranch, 102-1-23.
No formal declaration of war is necessary to
the exercise by Congress of these war powers of
legislation; it is enough if actual hostilities exist.
(Talbot vs. Seaman, 1 Cranch, 28; Bos vs. Tmjey,
4 Ddli., 37.)
Nothing, sir, marks more clearly the difference
between our Constitution and the constitutions of
monarchy than this: that under the Constitution
of the United States the power to declare war,
and all other powers essential and incident to a
state of war, die by the people intrusted to their
national Legislature. These powers of sover-
eignty ate, by the constitutions of monarchy,
placed under the discretion of the Crown.
Sir, to whatever department of Government this
great power of war is by the constitution of States
committed, in whatevei hands it may be lodged,
it is always and necessatily unlimited and unre-
stricted by the fundamental law. Even in Eng-
land, where, more than in any other Government
save our own, the liberties of the people have been
guarded against excessive authority and preroga-
tive, the fact stands admitted and unquestioned to
this hour, that the war powers of the Government,
which involve the peace, the property, and lives
of the people are unrestricted and unlimited. It
is the pride and boast of that people that by the
great revolution of 1688, resulting in the elevation
of the Prince of Orange to the throne, and the re-
strictions upon the pierogatives of the Crown, by
the great Declaration of Rights, the liberties of
the people were made secure. And yet, sir, by
that Declaration of Rights it is declared:
"That tailing or keeping a standing army within the
kingdom in time of peace, unless icith the consent of Par-
liament, is against law."
Never did the pulse of liberty beat more strongly
in the breasts of the English people than in that
great revolution; never were they more jealous of
their rights, or more strongly resolved or better
prepared than then to guard their liberty against
arbitrary invasion. And yet the very necessity
of things compelled them to admit that the power
for the common defense could not be restricted,
but must be limited only by the public exigency.
Therefore they committed the authority of main-
taining standing armies, even in time of peace, to
the •unlimited discretion of Parliament. So. the
fathers of the Republic, when they came to con-
struct a Constitution for the fabric of Amerfcan
empire, had the wisdom to foresee and the courage
to declare that there could be no safety for the
State and no security for the liberties of the people
unless a power " for the common defense" was,
without restriction, committed to some depart-
mentofthe Government. They wisely committed
this unlimited power to Congress, the department
nearest to the people, and most directly responsi-
ble to the people. Thatthispower wasconferred,
without constitutional restriction or limitation,
I ask the attention of the House to their witness,
who speak to us from beyond the grave.
Says Hamilton, who contributed by his great
intellect as much as any other to the formation
and adoption of the Constitution:
uThe authoiities essential to the cair of the common
defence are the^e: toiaihC armies: to build and equip fleets;
to pi escribe rules for the government of both; todnecr then
opciQtions; to piovido lbi their suppoit. Tlie o poweis
ought to exist without limitation ; bcc.ui.se it ik impos-
sible to foresee or to define the extent and vanety of na-
tional c\igencu>, and the 1 01 n-spondent,extent and \ .iriety
of the mean^ ncees-aiy tosati-d v them The cneum>lances
which endanger the safety of nations are infinite; and for
this icason no constitutional shackle-; can wisel\ be im
po^cd on the powei to v. Inch lilts caic of it i- committed 11
* * - * Tim power ought to he mulei the
direction of the same councils which aie appointed to pie-
side ovei Ike common defense.'1* ' VkJt
mu^t bo admitted, as a necu<s;ny consequcnce, that there
can be no limitation ot" that authonty which istopiovide
for the defense and protection ot the community m any
matter essential to its otlieaey, that i-, m any matter e-i-en-
tial to the formation, direction, 01 support ot the national
fORcrs/5
''This statement," adds Hamilton—
<'Re>N upon two axiom-;, simple as they are universal:
the means ought to he piopoitioned to the cud; the pel sou*-
i10111 whose agency the attainment ot the cud is cvpected
ought to pos^er-s the rneun? by which Jt is to he attained.'"'—
Federalist, No. 23, pp. 9.5, 96.
Says Madison, sometimes called the father of
the Constitution:
li Sccuiitv ngam«t foreign danger is one of the pi immve
objccts of civil society. It is an avowed and c^eniia! ob-
ject of the Amencan Union. The powei s requisite for at-
taining it must he etTeetualU contided to the Fedeial coun-
cils. lsthepowoi ot declining wat nlc ? No man
will answer tlo- qu"-lion in the negative. It would be -.u-
peifluou*, theiefoie, to enm into a pioot ot the atfn mative.
is the power ot lae-ing aiinies and equipping HeeH ncci s-
I s.vRY ? TIu->i- involved in the foiegomg powei; it is in-
volved m the power ot self-deien.-e. But was it necec^ey
| to give an in:di riNne powi.11 ot lai-ing tioop--, i\< well a-;
| pioviding ileet-:, and of maintaining boih in itaci; as well
a^inwAU? The an-aver, indeed, ^eom^ --o obwons and
conclusive as scaicely to justify -aidi a discussion in any
plaec. With whatcoloi ot piopnetj could the force neces-
sary for defense bo i.imitcd by tho^e who cannot limit the
force of the ollen<e A i: Tti-111 vain
to oppose constitutional baruris to the impulse of self-pics-
Civauon "—Federalist. \o. 'U, p I'M.
So spake Hamilton and Madison when the Con-
stitution was 011 trial before the people.
I adopt the strong words of Marshall:
The Government, which has a uglit t<*> do an act, and
has imposed on it (bo duly of pmioiming that act, mii-t,
aecouhng to the dictates of leason. be allowed to select the
means."—IrlcCultovgh \  . Maryland, 4 Wlieaton, -109.
The duty to pro\ ide for the £* common defense,"
and to that end to lay tuxes, boirow and coin
money, contract debts, raise armies and navies--,
and make laws for thoir government, is imposed
upon Congress; and therefore reason declares and
the Constitution provides that Congress may pass
all laws necessary to the faithful discharge of that
duty. As there is no express limitation in the
Constitution of any legislation legitimate or need-
fulto national defense, either to suppress insurrec-
tion or repel invasion, it follows that Congress
may in the premises authorize to be done what-
ever in self-defense against violence and war free
and independent nations may of right do. What
nations may rightfully do in the prosecution of a
just war in defense of their rights, or in vindica-
tion of their lawful authority, is clearly defined in
the laws of nations, and audibly attested by the
voice of the civilized world. It is the established
law of nations that necessity is the measure of
violence in war, and humanity its tempering spirit.
From all this it must be apparent that while un-
necessary or wanton cruelty to the public enemy
is forbidden by the law of nations, as well also by
the Constitution; all else essential, however de-
structive oftheir lives and property, is justifiable—
a right and a duty. If these rebels in arms against
the Constitution and laws were alien, not citizen
enemies, the Government of the United States, by
authority of Congress, could visit upon them all
these dread penalties of war, the destruction of
their lives, and the confiscation of their property,
so far as necessary to the vindication of the nation's
rights. That they are citizen enemies does not re-
lieve them from such penalties, or in any wise miti-
gate their guilt. But what is forbidden by the law
of nations towards alien enemies waging war
against us by the authority of their sovereign, is
expressly allowed by the Constitution of our coun-
try towards these rooels. Every one of them taken
in the overt act of rebellion, inasmuch as he is a
citizen of the United States, and owes allegiance
to the Government of the United States, may be
treated as a traitor, and, upon tiial and conviction,
may justly be subjected to the punishment pre-
scribed by the statute upon those guilty of the
crime of treason, and be subjected to such other
penalties for his rebellion as may be prescribed by
law. No State in the Union can legalize treason,
or absolve any of its citizens from his allegiance
to the Federal Government.
The Government is invested with the right of
self-defense and self-preservation, and, to that
end, with the power to provide by law for the
maintenance of its authority by force against all
conspiracies, however sanctioned by State stat-
utes, or State constitutions, or State ordinances of
secession.
Such are the rights and powers of the Govern-
ment. "What arc its duties, and especially what
is the duty m this hour of national peril of the
legislative department of the Government? Man-
ifestly, sir, it is the duty of Congress, it is our
duty as Representatives of the people, to pass all
laws ncccssary for the suppression of this rebel-
lion. Judging from some indications which I
have seen, I fear there are those who deem legis-
lation unnecessary, and active military opera-
tions unnecessary, to the suppression of this re-
bellion; who think that diplomacy and reason
will ultimately conquer a peace. Reason is strong;
but reason uttered by legal authority, and sup-
ported by legalized force, is stronger for the sup-
pression of wi ong.
Is it not the duty of the legislative department
to provide by law at once for the employment of
ail justifiable foieo against the persons and piop-
erty of these rebels, to the end not merely that the
avenging arm of an insulted people may fall upon
them", but that the nation may Jive, that justice
maybe established, that domestic tranquillity may
be restoied, that the genera! welfare may be pro-
moted, that peisonal secuiityand the blessings
of liberty may be forever insured. For these ends
the Constitution was ordained by the people; not
without Ruficung and martyrdom and the sacri-
fice of blood. Let not these end'? fail of realiza-
tion by any act of ours. Tit" sacred trust of pro-
viding for the common defense is 111 our hands;
let us not fail, so far as in us lies, to execute it.
"What are the laws already enacted for the com-
mon defense—do they provide all that is neces-
sary? This is an important question. It should
be fully answered. The people demand that all
. needful laws shall bo enacted and enforced.
| What are the laws on your statute-book tor
: tlu; common defense? "Vou have a statute de-
i fining the punishment oi treason;a statute authoi-
