2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
JXIll.UU UUHt'S, KCJ>t 101 U^O 
Plato of gold, kept for u->e, per ounce, troy..
Plate of stiver, kept for u>e, pei omiee, troy.
Piovidcd, TiiatMlver spoons or plate ot si
against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and
set foith in schedule (marked A) viz :
Schedule A.
Carriages, Watches, Piano Fortes, Billiard Tables, Plate.
Duty-
Cartinge,gig, chaise, phaeton,wagon, buggy-wagon, *
carryall, rockaway, or othei like carriage, the body
of which rests upon springs of any description,
kept for u e, and which shall not be exclusively
employed in husbandry oi foi the tunspoi tation
of meichandi-e, and valued at$.")0 or over, includ-
ing the harness used therewitli, when drawn by
one horse  $100
Cariiagos of like description drawn by two horses,
and an} coach, hackney coach, omnibus or four-
wheel carnage, the body of which rests upon
springs of .my description, which may be kept for
Use, lor hire, or for passengers, and which shall
not be exclusively employed in husbandry or for
the transportation of merchandise, valued at $50
and not exceeding $200, including the harness
used theiewiih,dtawn by two horses oi more.... 2 00
Carriages of like description, when valued above
§200, and not exceeding §600   5 00
Cat nages of' like description, valued above .$800.. i.0 00
Pleasure oi iaemg ve^el*, known asyar hts.whether
by sail or steam, under the value of #600  5 00
Yachts valued at above $>600, and not exceeding
$'1,000  10 00
And for each additional $1,000 in value oi said
yachts   10 00
Gold watches, kept for use  1 00
Silver watches, kept for use  50
On oigans and inelodeons, kept lor use or hire, val-
ued at $30 oi less 
Valu«d above £50, and not exceeding ,$-i00  1 00
Valued above $100...,,  \ 50
On piano foites, kept for use or hue, valued at §50
or less  50
Valued at above #.">0, and not exceeding$100.... 1 00
Valued at above $1U0, and not exceeding$200... 2 00
Valued at above $000, and not exceeding ,->300... 3 00
Valued at above.$300, and not excecdmir.^400... 4 00
Valued at above $400, and not exceedingftoOO... 5 00
Valued at above ,$300  (j (H)
Promded, That no tax shall be laid upon any m-
sttument ot music mentioned in tins section used
in chuiches of public woi^hip.
JJilhaid tables, kept (oi u«e  20 00
50
, troy  3
;ot silver, to
an amount nntcxccedinjjfoitvouiieos-, a*, aloic-aul,
belonging to any one person,"shall be exempt from
duty.
Fiom and after the l>t day of May. I8G2,there shall
be levied, collected, and paid by any pei->on oi
peisons owning, pow-^mg, oi keeping a dog of
any kind, a tax on every dog so owned ot kept.. 1 00
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommitteepro-
pose to stukeout the words "carnages, watches,
piano fortes,billiard tables,and plate," before the
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tl.ccomimttcepro-
pose to strike out " May" in the second line and
insert " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
also propose to insert the word " annually" Lie-
fore 44 levied" in the third line.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe it is understood
that the whole ot that section is to be stricken
out.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I am informed by my
friend irom Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that the com-
mittee voted at their last meeting to recommend
the striking out of the whole section. I had for-
gotten it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the committee reported
it originally, there was nothing left of the section
except the tax on billiard tables and the proposed
tax on dogs. We have thought it better to omit
the whole.
Mr. .SIMMONS. I think it was understood
that the whole section was to be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Why the whole? Theieme
certain items theie which it seems to me might be
kept in.
Mr SIMMONS. We thought it best to strike
them all out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Arcording to the amend-
ment proposed by the committee as printed, there
is nothing left but a tax on dogs and on billiard
tables.
Mr. SHERMAN. And billiard tables arc
taxed in^ another foim by a license.
Mt. t LSSENDEN. As the amendments are
punted, all there is loft of the original section is a
tax on dogs and on billiard tobies, and a license
is required in another place of every man who
keeps a billiard table. I behove the committee did
vote in favor of recommending that the whole sec-
tion be stricken out; my friend from Ohio says so.
Mr. SUMNER. Why might there not he a
tax on yachts? Yachts are included in this list.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Senator
from Massachusetts my idea about it. I would
not have any more espionage about this bill than
is necessary. I would not have any personal prop-
erty taxed at all. That was my idea; each mem-
ber of the committee can speak for himself. This
bill ought to be confined to some general principle.
We ought to exclude all real property and all per-
sonal property, and we cannot include a few
yachts and other carriages without including a
number of other articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will notice,
in regard to this list, that it creates an inquisition
upon almost every man. For many of the items
you have to go into houses and to go to every
man's person who has a watch, and it was found
that there was an almost universal opinion in all
sections of the country that everything of that
sort ought to be struck out. The odious point
about the tax bill was this going; into people's
houses to know whether they had pianos, orgoin®*
into their yards to find whether they had a car-
riage, and so on. The only objection to striking
it out was the amount which it was supposed
might be raised by it. The bill has been increased
in other particulate enough to cover that, and the
committee came totheconclusion,on whatseemed
to be the general opinion of the people in all sec-
tions of the country, that that characteristic of the
bill was particulaily odious, and would be found
to be so in the operation of the bill, and would
make it offensive. As to yachts, there are so very
few of them in the country that the tax would
amount to very little on that particular thing, and
therefore it would not be worth excepting; but
some of the committee were at first so exceedingly
prejudiced against dogs that they thought, on the
whole, it would be best to keep the tax on dogs;
some were m favor of increasing it largely. My
friend trom Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that
under another provision of the bill—which is that
whetc property is not bid for, the Government
shall buy it in—the Government would become
the owner of all the dogs in Iowa, or a large por-
tion of them, and it might be so in othei sections
of the country; and what to do with them in that
case we should not know exactly. We can hardly
use them for military purposes. [Laughter ]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary to dis-
train on dogs, is it?
Mr. SUMNER. I should never have thougfht
of the suggestion m regard to yachts, except that
I saw the article in the list before me, and 1 will
say that I agree entirely with what my friend
from Maine has said in regard to the true idea on
which the bill should be constructed. I think we
should seek first simplicity, and then to avoid
what the Senator from Ohio has called a system
of espionage.
Mr. POMEROY. I call the attention of the
chaiiman of the committee to the fact that if we
strike out this schedule A entirely, we do not pro-
vide even for a tax on billiard tables.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A man is icquired to pay
a license to keep billiard tables, so that they are
taxed in another foim.
Mr. POMEROY. " Billiard tables " is not
twice in this schedule. I do not know whether
you have named them anywhere else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have gone over the
list of licenses, and in that list every keeper of a
billiard table is obliged to pay for a license for
each table.
Mr. POMEROY. That may reach them.
Mi. HOWE. It is perhaps proper for me to
say that 1 did not concur in any of these amend-
ments. 1 do not concur in the propriety of strik-
ing out any portion of the section. I do not con-
cur m the idea that it creates any espionage. It
is manifest that your assessors must, even after
this is stricken out, go to every man, and must
go lor the purpose of inquisition, must go for
the purpose_ of ascertaining what his revenues
ate, what his income is. That necessitates an
inquiiy; that necessitates an inquisition. But so
far as these articles aie concerned there is no in-
quisition; if a man owns a yacht oi a billiaid
table or a piano forte, it is matter of common no-
toriety, and if he owns a dog it is more notorious !
still. Everybody knows it. There is no family I
revelation. I can see nothing odious about this (
tax. There is in the country much capital in-
vested in this kind of property, and itis invested
by those who are abundantly able to pay a tax
upon it, and abundantly willing to pay a tax. I
do not believe there is a man in the United States
who owns a billiard table or a piano forte or an
organ or a gold watch or a silver watch or a
carriage, but is perfectly willing to pay this tax;
and there is not a man in the country who owns
either but what is perfectly willing to display
either, and does it on all occasions. I cannot for
my life understand why it should be stricken out.
There is no more labor imposed upon yourassess-
ors; no more upon your collectors. They do not
have to travel any further. They do not have to
visit any more men. They may have to put an-
other question; but they will put no question at
all practically about these matters, because they
are things to be elicited, and they are things that
will be elicited without any question. No man
who holds this property will ever hesitate, no
man dare hesitate, if he is ever so much disposed
to do so, to put the article on his list, because
everybody knows his list is false if he does not
put it there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The dog will meet the col-
lector at the door.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, the dog will betray the
owner if the owner does not betray the dog. I
shall not occupy the time of the Senate on this
subject, but I shall vote against the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Finance
to strike out the whole section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section seventy-four, as
follows:
Slaughtered Cattle, Hogs, and Sheep.
Sec. 74. And be it further enacted, Tliaton and afterthe
1st day of May, 1862, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid by any person or persons, firms, companies, or agents
or employer® thereof, the following duties or tuxes, that is
to say :
On all horned cattle exceeding eighteen months old,
slaughtered for sale, fifty cents per head.
On nil hogs exceeding six months old, slaughtered for
sale, ten cents per head..
On all sheep exceeding six months old, slaughtered for
sale, live cents per head: Provided, That all cattle, hogs,
and sheep sluughteied by any person for his oi her own con-
sumption shall be exempt fiom duty.
Th'i VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend this section in the second line by
striking out " May," and inserting "July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the section in the seventh
line by striking out"My, "and inserting "thirty;"
so that it will read, "on all horned cattle, exceed-
ing eighteen months old, slaughtered for sale,
thirty cents per head."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the section by inserting
afterthe seventh line, "on all calves and cattle
under eighteen months old, five cents per head."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the section in the twelfth
line by striking out the words "exceeding six
months old;" so that the clause will read, " on all
sheep slaughtered for sale, five cents per head, "&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section seventv-five, as
follows:
Sec. 75. And be it further enaetcd, That on and after the
date on which this act shall take effect, an v peison or per-
sons, firms, or companies, or agents or employes thereof,
whose business or occupation it is lo slaughter tor sale any
cattle, sheep, or hogs, shall be requited to make and render
a list at the end ot each and cveiy month to the assistant
assessor ot the distuct wheie the business is transacted,
stating the ntimbei of cattle, if any, the number of hogs, if
any, and the number ot sheep, if any, slaughtered, as afore-
said, with the several rates of duty as fixed therein in this
act, together with the whole amount thereof, which list
fchall have annexed thereto a deciaiation of said person or
peisons, agents. or employes theieof, as afoiesaid, under
oath or affirmation, in surh manner and form as may be
prej-enbed l>> the Commi-siont'r ol internal Revenue, that
the same i* true and coirect, and shall, at the time ot ren-
dering said Ik, pay the full amount of dutiea which have
accmed or should accrue, us afoiesaid, to the collector or
deputy collector of the district, as aforesaid; and in case of
default in making the letum or payment of the duties, as
ateie&aid, the n^spssmeijt and collection s-hall be made as
ill the general piovisions ot this act required ; and in case
of fraud or evasion, the pai ty offending shall foileit and pay
a penalty ol ten dollaia per head for any cattle, hogs, or
