8290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
hibition of feelings or sentiments hostile to the
Government of the United States, and whether
any of the officers of said academy have manifested
any sentiments of like character, submitted a re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
PAYMENTS FOR CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. McDOUGfALL submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed
to communicate to the Senate the several amounts paid on
account of legal and other services in investigating and lit-
igating land titles in the State of California during the years
3857, 1858, 1859, I860, and 18G1, with the particular services
for which the several amounts were paid. Also, the sev-
eral amounts paid tor like services In and about the investi-
gating of said titles in the city of Mexico during the same
period.
Mr.SHERMAN. I think that information was
called for before. 1 do not want to put the officers
to double trouble.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Secretary of the In-
terior has referred mc to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for particular information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
objection) the resolution lies over under the rules.
Mr. SllERMAN. I think there is a report on
that very subject.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. There is a report of the
Secretary of the Interior,which I haveinmy hand;
but it refers to the Secretary of the Treasury for
the detailed mfortficUion.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
METROPOLITAN VOUCH.
On motion of Mr, GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 1250) to amend an actentitled " An
act to create a metropolitan police district of the
District of Columbia, and to establish a police
therefor," approved August 6, 1861.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that ail property or money, alleged or supposed
to have been feloniously obtained, or which shall
l)e lost or abandoned, and which shall be there-
after taken into the custody of any member of the
metropolitan police force, or criminal court of the
District of Columbia, or which shall come into
custody of any justice of the peace, is by such
member or justice, or by order of the court to be
given into the custody of and kept by an officer
■who is to be appointed and may be removed by
the hoard of police, known as "property clerk"
of the metropolitan police district. All such prop-
erty and money are to be particularly registered
by the property clerk in a book kept for that pur-
pose, which is to contain also a record of the names
of the persons from whom such property or money
was taken, the names of all claimants thereto, the
time of the seizure, and any final disposition of
such property and money. Whenever property
or money shall be taken from persons arrested,
and shall be alleged to have been feloniously ob-
tained, o  to be the proceeds of crime, and when-
ever so brought with such claimantanci the person
arrested before some magistrate for adjudication,
and the magistrate shall be then and there satisfied
from evidence that the person arrested is inno-
cent of the offense allege'd, and that the property
rightfully belongs to him, the magistrate may
thereupon, in writing, order such property or
money to be returned, and the property clerk, if
he have it, to deliver such pioperty or money to
the accused person himself, and not to any at-
torney, agent, or clerk of such accused person. If
any claim to the ownership of such property or
money shall be made on oath before the magis-
trate, by or in behalf of any other persons than
the persons arrested, and the accused person shall
be held for trial or examination, such property or
money is to remain in the custody of the property
clerk until the discharge or conviction of the per-
sons accused. All. property or money taken on
suspicion of having been feloniously obtained, or
of being the proceeds of crime, and for which
there is no other claimant than the person from
whom it was taken, and all lost property coming
into the possession of any member of the metro-
politan police force, and all property and money
taken from pawnbrokers as tin* proceeds of crime,
or by any such member from persons supposed
to be insane, intoxicated, or otherwise incapable
of taking care of themselves, is to be tiansmitted
as soon as practicable to the property clerk, to be
duly registered and advertised for the benefit of
all persons and parties interested, and for the in-
formation of the public as to the amount and dis-
position of the property so taken ifito custody by
the police. All property and money remaining
in the custody of the property clerk for the period
of six months withoutany lawful claimanttnereto,
after having been three times advertised in public
newspapers, are to be sold at public auction,and
the proceeds paid into the policemens' fund; but
horses and other animals taken by the police and
remaining unclaimed for twenty days may be ad-
vertised and sold upon ten days' public notice,
and all perishable property is to be sold at once.
If any property or money placed in the custody
of the property cleik shall be desired as evidence
in any police or other criminal court, it is to be.
delivered to any officer who shall present an order
to that effect from the court; such property, how-
ever, is not to be retained in court, but be returned
to tiie property clerk, to be disposed of according
to the previous provisions of the act. The an-
nual compensation of the property clerk, as also
of the clerk hereafter to be known as secretary of
the board of police, is to be $1,200 each, payable
monthly.
The second section proposes to make it the duty
of the board of metropolitan police to set apart a
.sanitary police company, to consist of not exceed-
ing ten persons, selected from among the police,
and to assign to the company such especial duties,
by the rules and regulations, as may be publicly
advantageous; and also to appoint not exceeding
seven suigeons of police, who shall receive an
annual compensation of $300, and discharge such
duties as may be required <^f them by the board
of police. The metropolitan sanitary company,
undersuch distribution of powerand duty as may
be made by the rules and regulations, may visit
and make inspection of all feny boats, manufac-
tories, slaughter houses, tenement houses, and
edifices suspectcd of, or charged with, being un-
safe, and attend tosuch other matters relating to
health as are complained of and entered upon the
complaint book kept by order of the board, and
take all necessary legal measures for promoting
the security of life or health generally, and upon
or in such boats, manufactories, houses, and edi-
fices, and to make report of inspection and action
in the premises to the board of metropolitan police.
Whenever the board shall be satisfied, by such re-
port, that any ferry boat, manufactory, slaughter
house, tenement house, or edifice is maintained,
or that any other act is being about to be commit-
ted, in a manner prejudicial to the lives or health
of the public, it will after due entry upon its min-
utes of the circumstances, cause complaint to be
made, founded upon such report and circum-
stances, before any magistrate of the police district,
who in a summary way, upon such complaint
made under oath, will issue his proper warrant,
reciting therein the name of the member or mem-
bers of the metropolitan sanitary police company,
for the arrest of the person in charge of the ferry
boat, manufactory, slaughter house, tenement
house, or edifice, or otherwise committing any
act that may be derogatory to the public health,
to the end that he may be brought before such
magistrate, and the complaint of insecurity of the
Jife or health of the public so made be duly inves-
tigated according to the law of examination into
misdemeanors. If the magistrate shall be satisfied,
on a summary hearing thereof, that the charge of
insecurity of the lives or health of the public is
founded on reasonable and probable cause, he
may, by his order in writing, command any such
ferry boat to cease running, or any business in
such manufactory or slaughter house to cease, or
impose such fine as by law may be attached to
such offense upon the person so offending, until
the cause of complaint shall bo removed to the
satisfaction of the board of metropolitan police.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the seventh line of
section two, to strike out "seven," and insert
three;5'so as to read, " three surgeons of police,
and after the word dollars in the eighth line to in-
sert "each."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These modi-
fications will be made jf there be no objection.
By the thiul section, if any member of the met-
ropolitan police,or if any two or more household-
ers shall report in writing, under his or their sig-
nature, to the superintendent of the metropolitan
police force that there are good grounds (stating
them) for believing any house, room, or premises
within the police district to be kept or used as a
common gaming house, common gaming room, or
common gaming premises, for therein playing for
wagers of money at any game of chance, or to be
kept or used as a bawdy house, or for lewd and
obscene public amusement or entertainment, or as
a house of prostitution, or for purposes of pros-
titution, or the deposit or sale of lottery tickets or
of lottery policies, it will be lawful for the super-
intendent of metropolitan police to authorize any
member or members of the police force to enter
the same, and forthwith arrest all persons there
found offending against law, and seize all imple-
ments of gaming, or lottery tickets, or lottery pol-
icies, and convey any person so arrested before
the nearest police magistrate,and bring theai tides
so seized to the office of the board of metropoli-
tan police. It is to be the duty of the superintend-
ent of police to cause such arrested persons to be
rigorously prosecuted, such articles seized to be
destroyed, and such room or house to be closed,
and not used again for such unlawful purposes.
The fourth'section confers on the boaid of met-
ropolitan police powers of general police super-
vision and inspection over all licensed pawn-
brokers, licensed vendors, licensed hackmen and
cartmen, dealers in second-hand merchandise, in-
telligence office keepers, auctioneers of watches and
jewelry, and suspected private banking houses,
and other doubtful establishments within the police
district; and in the exercise and furtherance of
this supervision they may, from time to time, em-
power members of the police force to fulfill such
special duties in the premises as may be ordained
by the board of metropolitan police. The board
may direct the superintendent to empower any
member of the metropolitan police force, when-
ever such member shall be in search of propeity
feloniously obtained, or in search of suspected
offenders, to examine the books of any pawn-
broker or his business premises, or the business
premises of any licensed vendor or dealer in
second-hand merchandise, or intelligence office
keeper, or auctioneer of watches and jewelry, or
suspected private banking house, or other doubt-
ful establishment. Any member of the metro-
politan police, when thereto authorized in writing
by the superintendent, and having in his posses-
sion a pawnbroker's receipt or ticket, is to be al-
lowed to examine the property purporting to be
pawned or pledged, or deposited upon the receipt
or ticket, in whosesoever possession the property
may be; but no such property is to be taken from
the possessor without duo process or authority of
law. Any willful interference with the superin-
tendent of police, or with any member of the police
force, by any of the persons named m this scction,
while in official and due discharge of duty, is to
be punishable as a misdemeanor.
The fifth section authorizes the board of metro-
politan police from time to time to establish stations
and station houses, or sub-stations and sub-station
houses, at least one to each precinct, for the ac-
commodation of members of the police force, and
as temporary places of detention for persons ar-
rested and property taken within the precinct. No
person holding office under this act, or the act to
which it is an amendment, is to be liable to mili-
tary or jury duty, nor to arrest on civil process,
or to service ofsubpenas from civil courts, while
actually on duty. The members of the board of
police, the superintendent, and secretary, are to
be vested with all the powers conferred by law
upon notaries public and justices of the peace in
the District of Columbia. The members of the
board of police and of the police force are to pos-
sess in every part of the District of Columbia all
the common law and statutory powers of consta-
bles, except for the service of civil process and for
the collection of strictly private debts, in which
designation fines imposed for the breach of corpo-
ration ordinances are not to be included; but the
board of police are not to enforce any law or ordi-
nance discriminating between persons in the ad-
ministration of justice.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert after the word
" time," in line two, of section five, the words
" without expense to the United States;'1 so as to
read:
The hoard of metropolitan police may, from time to time,
withoutexpensc to the United States, establish stations and
station houses. &c.
