1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
melody of virtue, and inspire their hymns of
thanksgiving to their deliverers.
Sir, if after your enactment of this statute of
liberation, the slaves of these rebel masters rise
in insurrection, it will not be bccauseby yourlaw"
they are declared freemen, but because their traitor
masters, in defiance of yourlaw, continue to deny
them their liberty. A slave insurrection, however
much to be deplored, would neither weaken your
arms nor strengthen those of your rebel enemy.
Whoever urges', therefore, such objection to this
needful and just legislation, must, whether con-
scious of it or not, assume that rebels who, without
colorable excuse, wage a cruel and exterminating
war against their fellow-citizens, should not be
deprived by the Government, against which they
have revolted, of the means by which they may
make their rebellion a success, and without which
they must ignominiously fail.
Pass this just and beneficent law as an act of
justice to the slave; pass it as an act of justice to
your country; pass it as an act of justice to your
brave army of loyal citizen soldiers who stand
this hour between you and the armed terrors of
treason in the capital; pass it and crush this slave
rebellion at once, and thereby make a like rebel-
lion for a like object forever impossible in the Re-
public.. I put the question to Representatives, is
the alleged property of these rebels in four mil-
lions of slaves, and in their lands and crops, goods,
moneys, and chattels, more sacred than the lives
of your soldiers and the life of your country?
May God hide from my eyes and fiom the eyes
of my children the day when the dying agony
of my country shall begin. By no act of ours,
cither of omission or commission, may we con-
tribute to that direst and blackest crime which can
be committed by any people—the crime of na-
tional suicide. Who does not know that he who
lias the power to prevent the crime of self-destruc-
tion and withholds or refuses its exercise, and
thereby permits the deed, is himself a murderer?
Why, I ask, m the name of eternal justice .should
the people's treasure be expended at the rati.- of
$2,000,000 a day, and the people themselves be
mangled and maimed and murdered by these reb-
els, rather than end the sacrifice of treasure and
of blood by a sublime act of justice which will
give liberty to the slave, relief to the people, sta-
bility to the Constitution, peace to a distiacted
country, and make the Republic what its illustu-
ous founders intended it to be, a temple for the
" perpetual residence of an inviolable justice," a
refuge for the oppressed, and a sacred sanctuary
for the rights of mankind?
Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment while 1 recall the
attention of the House to the resolution now pend-
ing before U.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will not insist on the demand for the
previous question, and thus cut olf all reply to his
speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I witluhaw the demand for
the previous question to hear the gentleman from
"Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the simple proposi-
tion before it, and that is m effect that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall bring forward
measures of national taxation broad enough in
their scope for the payment of the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government, the interest upon the
public debt, and to leave a sufficient fund for the
ultimate extinguishment of any probable public
debt that may be contracted. Unless we propose
to ignonumously back down from the vigorous
prosecution of tins war, I suppose every man in
this House will record hiavote in favor of the res-
olution. Under other forms of government it is
the practice of the Executive Departments to fur-
nish bills in their proper form, fortified by all the
necessary information, to be passed by the legis-
lative branch of the Government. This greatly
lessens the labors of legislative committees. But
by out custom it is the duty ot the Committee of
Ways and Means to report for action all revenue
and appropriation bills, and it involves in ordinary !
times much hard labor, and in times like thepres- 1
ent that labor is greatly augmented.
This resolution is to assure the country, which
has an impatience that is becoming chronic, that
whatever the Army may be said to be doing, the
Committee of Ways and Means have not hutted,
nor gone into winter quarters. The work this
resolution contemplates" involves a large amount
of patient investigation. It is necessary, if we
are going to command the whole resources of the
country, that wc should proceed intelligently—
that we should endeavor to obtain such facts to
base a tax bill upon as will be satisfactory to the
House, as well as to answer not only the gentle-
man from.Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] when he
gets up with his questions, but any other gentle-
man, in relation to what the proposed tax will
produce, as well as the facts upon which it is
based. That duty the Committee of Ways and
Means intend faithfully to discharge. They have
for the entire session been diligently prosecuting
the subject. Our publicarchives,as is well known,
are extremely meager in statistical information in
all that relates to the industry and resources of the
country. We have been able to procure buta lim-
ited amount of information from the Census Bu-
reau, but the lack there we mean to obtain else-
where. And I know, Mr. Speaker, that it is the
purpose at the earliest possible moment, and as
justly as may be, to report a tax upon the entire
interests and wealth of the country sufficient to
raise at least $100,000,000—mostly by the indi-
rect processes of taxation, and exclusive of the
direct tax and duties upon imports.
Mr. COX. I would like to make a suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot yield
at this time.
Mi. Speaker, there has been an impatience on
the part of the public, and on the part of a con-
siderable number of members of this House, that
this bill should be brought in at once and acted
upon. Any gentleman who has given his atten-
tion to this subject will see that, while a bill levy-
ing- this tax maybe brought in in fifteen minutes,
that it would not be, and could not in that off-hand
manner be made to be satisfactory to the House
or to the country. Time must be given for ma-
iming a bill of such pi oportions, and I take it that
it is the earnest purpose of every man in this
House, loyal to the Government, to vote to the
extent of $.100,000,000, or even more if necessary,
to maintain the credit of the country. < 1 now
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. V A L L A N DIG H A M. I ask the gentle-
man from Veimont to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, in ouler that I may make
a suggestion. If he is not satisfied with the amend-
ment I shall suggest, 1 will not insist on it. I
understand that'tlu.-. m in the nature of a pledge
to go before the country. If so, the particular
phraseology is of the last importance. There is
a limit ns to the amount, but there is none as to
the time. It seems to me that it is important, in
order to produce an effect upon the public mind,
that there should be some such limitation. 1 sug-
gest, therefore, that after the word "revenue"
there should be inserted the woids, " so long as
the same may be necessary, and no longer."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 cannot with-
diaw the ptevions question for that amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ii is unkind to the House,
and unjust to the country that the sentiments ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixg-
ham,] should be allowed to go unanswered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question then recurred on Mr. Vailaxiucj-
IIAm's motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of tin' it-solution until Tuesday werk.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then takeiT: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS— Allen, Aneona, Calvoit, Gov,Crittenden.
Fouke, Grider, Haulms, Holinan, Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Leary, Malion , Ma\, Moi nt;, Nobi--, Noi ton, UiUiat-d^on,
ltobuwm, Sluel, YaUaiidtghain, Vooihee-, Chilton A.
White, "Wood, and Wnght—20.
NAYS—Me-^r-. Allev, Arnold, Ashlev, BabbiU, Gold-
smith T Badey. Joseph n.uly, Baker, Baxter, Bcaman,
Middle, linmhnm. P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair,Samuel
S Blair, Blake, G-'oigc II. Biowns William G. Blown,
Jjullniton, Bui nliain. t 'ampbell. Ch,unb"ilni, Cl.uk, Cl< in-
cut-, Cobi>,CoHa\, Fiedenek A C'o.ikhng, Conway, Com-
ing, CrUtkld. Cutlei, I)a\i.<. Daw e;. De|,im>. Dunn. Edgor-
ton, Edwaid-, Bhot, Engl.sh, Fenton, Fe-semlen. Fisher.
Fiank, Goodwin, Gianirci,Ciinh->, llaight, Hale. llariKon,
Hooper, lloiton, flutchuis Kcliey, Fiaiuas \V. Kelh^g,
William Kellogg, iCdhngci, Lansing, Lazcai, Lenman,
Looims,Lovejoy, McKe:u),-McKnighi, Mcpherson, Ward-
ton, Maynard, Mitchell, MOoihead, Anson P. Morrill, Jus-
tin S. Moirill, Noell, Ohn, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps. Pike,
Pomeroy,Porter, Alexander H.Rice, Johnli. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargeut, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Slonn, Spauldin<r, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Strattou, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton,
Vandcver,Van Horn,Van Val ken b u rgh. Van Wyek, Verree,
Vibbard, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Waslibuine, Wheeler,Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,
WoodiutF, and Woice&tei—113.
^ So the House refused to postpone the resolu-
tion.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Smith was detained at his rooms by sickness.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill to authorize an increase of the cler-
ical force in the War and Navy Departments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
PTRECT TAXATION AGAIN.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COX said: I have already voted in the
affirmative, and I wish the permission of the House
to withdraw that vote, and to be excused from
voting. I would like to give my reasons.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. COX. While I am m favor of that reso-
lution,! cannot vote for it under the speech of my
colleague, [Mr. Bi.nuiiam.]
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman cannot ask
now to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order now to
make such a request. The Chair has frequently
stated that he will not allow the roll-call to be in-
terrupted for explanations, and he must enforce
that rule.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COX. Is n\y name withdrawn from the
yeas ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no authority
over the subject. 4
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Ahhieh, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Joseph Baily, Baket, Baxter. Beainan, Btddle,
Bingham, Fiance 1\ Blah, Jacob B. Blair,Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Geoige II. Bioune, William G. Blown, Bullinton,
Buinham, Cahert, Campbell. Cliambeihn, Clark, Clem-
ent, Cobb, Colfax, Fiedeisek A. Conkling, Ro^coe Cftnk-
ling, Conway, Coining, Cox, Ciiitield, Ciittenden, Culler,
Davis Dawes Delano, Diveii, Dunn, Edgeiton, Mdwaids
IJhot, English, Fenton, Fcssenden, Fisher, Fiank. Good-
win, Gi.in-rer, Glider, GurJcy, Ilaight, llale, llanehett,
hnidinjr, Ihmi-.on, Ilolman, fjoopcr, lloiton, fhuchnK,
Johnson, K'-llev, France W. Kellogg, William Kcllo^,
Killiegci, Lansing, Lizenr, Leaiv, 'Lehman, Loomi>,
Low'joy, MeKean, MeKnurht, iWcPhe^on, Malloty, Mar-j-
ton, M.u natd. Moime^, Mitchell, AiiMm P. Moi nil, JuMin
S. Monill, Morns Noble, Noell, Nugen, Olni, Patton,
Pendleton, Peiry, Timothy'G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, Por-
l<"i, John II Rice, Riddle,Edwaid ii. Rollin«, James ri Rol-
lui1-, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks Sheffield, Shennan,
bJoan, Spauldms, John -B. Steel<\ William G. Steele, Ste-
vens Suatton, Benjamin F. Thomas Fianciy Thomas
Tumble, Tiowbpdge, Upton, Vuliandicham, Windever,
Van Hum, Van Valkenbingh, Van Wvck, Venee. Vibbaid,
W.'llaee. Cliatles W. Walton,II. P. Walton, Waul, W.i:-h-
Imtm , W*heel"i, Whahij, Albert ^ White,_ WiKon, Wm-
dom, Woodiulf, Woreostei, and Wnght—131.
NAYri—Mi'&orsj. Alien, Robmson, Shiel, Vooihees, and
Wood—o.
So the resolution was passed.
During the calf of the roll,
Mr. WADS WORTII said: I want to vote for
the bill, and I ask permission of the House to give
my reasons.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear an
explanaiion while the roll is being called,
Mr. WADSWORT1I. 1 ask' the unanimous
consent of the House to make that explanation.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair cannot entertain
the request now.
After the call of the roll was concluded, but
before the result was announced,
Mr. WADS WORTH said: I wish to vote for
j i the resolution, if I may be permitted by the House
to give my reasons.
