3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday) July 12, 1862.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Jlev. Byron Sun-
derland, d. d.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FENTON. I ask consent to make an ex-
planation in regard to an error in the Journal of
the House for the extra session in July last, and
which error concerns me personally. On the 9th
day of July, Hon. Mi\Lovejoy, of Illinois, sub-
mitted the following resolution, namely:
" Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it is no
part of the duty of the soldiery of the United States to cap-
ture or return fugitive slaves.55
On the final vote 011 the passage of this resolu-
tion, 1 am recorded in the negative, when in fact
I voted in the affirmative. On all the preliminary
motions I am properly placed on the record. I
ask that the proper correction may be made, as
far as it can be made now, on the records of the
House.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for re-
ports of a private nature, and proceeded with the
call.
ELIZA PURCHASE.
Mr. GRIDER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, asked that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of Eliza Purchase, and that the same, with the
accompanying: papers, be referred to the Secretary
of (he Interior foradjustment, the case being pro-
vided tor by existing law.
No objection being- made, it was so ordered.
ELIZABETH COLE.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, repoited a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Cole, widow of Levi Cole, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr.OLIN. I ask the unanimous consentofthe
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 5*42) for the relief of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company.
The bill, which was read for information, ap-
propriates$I.'J,000outofany money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for reconstruct-
ing the bridges and market-house in Georgetown,
built across the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and
for raising the same, so as to open a convenient
outlet to the trade of the canal to the Potomac
river, in place of that which lias been iutcirupted
by the occupation of the aqueduct connecting the
Chesapeake and Ohio and the Alexandria canals,
as a bridge for the transportation of supplies for
the Army of the United States across the river.
The sum is to be expended under the direction of
the president of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company.
Mr. F. A. CONKLWG. I object.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman hear an ex-
planation ?
Mr. F. A. CONKLfNG. I will withdraw my
objection for that purpose.
Itfr. OLIN. Jf the gentleman vviil listen to me
for a moment, he will see the propriety of the pas-
sage of this biff. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company constructed this aqueduct across the
Potomac river at a cost of move than half a mil-
lion dollars. The Government took possession
of it, and constituted a bridge of it for the purpose
of transporting supplies. That act has already
saved the Government more than twenty thousand
dollars in transportation; but by the act of taking
possession of it the Government has rendered It
impossible for the canal company to send boats
down to Alexandria, to the navy-yard, and to
Washington city, except by passing into the basin
at the mouth of Rock creek; but between the aque-
duct and this basin, three bridges and part of a
market-house are built across the canal, too near
to its sui face for boats to pass into the basin loaded,
and return aftei being unloaded.
The Government has had this subject under
consideration, and General Meigs,Quartermaster
General, has communicated to the Secretary of
War his opinion upon the subject, in a letter con-
tained in Executive Document No. 102. '
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Let that be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, March 11,1862.
Sir : I have the honor to return tfic letter of flon. Fran-
cis Thomas, urging, on the part of his constituents, and
the public interested in the navigation of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, that a Pinal! advance may be made by the
Government for the putpose of raising certain bridges in
Georgetown which obstruct the return of unloaded canal
boats from the river.
11 appears that several of these bridges are some four feet
toolow. Loaded boats can defend the canal, but unloaded
boats, unless partially filled with water, cannot pass under
tli«j <s badges on their return.
Mr. Thomas urges that the only outlet to the river, which
is by way of Alexandria, has been cut off by the occupation
of the Alexandria aqueduct as a military bridsre. There is
no question of the great Interests injuriously affected by this
condition of the bridges, and interruption ot communication
across the aqueduct.
The removal of the«e obstructions would lower the price
of coal in ihe city of Washington, and thus be an advant-
age to the Government (which is a consuinei at the navy-
yard) rn well as to the people.
It is! supposed that tin) obstruction caused by these bridges
was intentionally created.
The only ground upon which the Government could he
e:ill<-d upon tn intct feie in the matter, in my opinion, is the
advantage which it will derive from any additional facility
in prncuimg supplies of coal, and the iuteiruption which
the Government itself has caused by occupying the aque-
duct.
Considering, however, that this interruption, which is a
miluaiy necessity, i> moie than compensated to th<* canal
by the pmteciion which the imiitn.iv operations, of which
this is a part, have afforded to other poittons of the canal
which have been sa^i'd fiom destruction by the rebels only
by the operation*, of tho aimy of the Potomac, it docs not
appeal to me that the Government is undoi obligations to
make other compensation for tiie uie ot the aqueduct as a
militaiy bridge.
At the request of Mr. Thomas, T have caused these bridges
to be examined bv an engineer of experience, who repoits
that he finds that the late chief engineer of the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company,Charles 15 Fwk, E*q..officially
repoited in 1832 that tho raiding of all these bridges in a per-
manent way might he effected for $1G,OU0, and that pioba-
bly $6,000 would ans-wet the purpose if structures of a tem-
porary character were used. From an examination of Mr.
Fiak's report, he understands, however, that even in rais-
ing these bridges in a permanent way, he intended the use
of wooden floors where there are now desirable stone pave-
ments.
He also reports that Mr. Fisk included no estimate for
raiMng the market-house, presuming, probably, that that
would be done by the corporation ot Georgetown.
The estimated cost of laismg the market-house is about
five handled dollais. 1 think that at this time, though Mr.
Fihk wiwvery careful and reliable in his estimate*, itwould
not be possible to make the change lie proposed for le>s than
twenty-live per cent, above the amount of his estimate,
which is dated hi Jmie, 1832.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Sccrctary of War.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman will see that the
case is comprised in this; that the Government
found it necessary, to facilitate their operations,
to take possession of that aqueduct, thereby ob-
structing the passage of canal boats over it. That
stops the passage of boats to Alexandria, and the
return of boats from tho navy-yard and Wash-
ington city. Boats which are heavily loaded can
pass through the canal into the basin, but as soon
as they are unloaded they cannot return on ac-
count of the bridges, which are built too near the
surface of the water.
It is unquestionably true, as stated by the Cluar-
termastcr General, that it was a military neces-
sity to take possession of this aqueduct and use
it for Government purposes, and the Government
will probably continue to use it in that way; but
it was taking possession of private property, and
the Government ought to put the canal in such a
condition as to remedy the evil.
But over and above that, there is this further
consideration-, I understand that really the whole
expenditure would benefit the Government as
much, at least, as it would the canal company,
by affording facilities for the transportation of
Government supplies, especially coal, of which
the Government is a very lara;e consumer at the
navy-yard. I think if the bill is to be acted upon
at all, it should he acted on at once.
Mr. 1<\ A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker .
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
all this debate is out of order. If the gentleman
objects to the consideration of this bill it cannot
be considered now.
. Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do objectmost de-
cidodly and emphatically.
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, bunanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
a bill making supplemental appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1863, and for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1862; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to consider this bill in the House.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
the bill have its first consideration in the House.
The bill was read.
Mr. STEVENS. . Unless some gentleman de-
sires to offer an amendment, I call the previous
question.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by adding to
the end of the bill this further appropriation:
Also, $10,000, or so much as may be necessary, for ser-
vice on &uch routes authorized hy tiie act establishing ad-
ditional post routes, a  in the opinion of the Post Office
Depaitment may be neccssary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
adding, "$6,000 for the repair of the custom-
house at Bangor, Maine."
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that amendment
ought to have been made to the naval appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It properly belongs to
the Treasury Department.
,Mr. STEVENS. Then it is all right.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would inquire whether that
appropriation is recommended hy the Committee
of Ways and Means or by the Naval Committee?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. This appropriation is
necessary to preserve the passages to the custom-
house and post office. The building is erected in
the middle of the Kenduskeag stream, with ap-
proaches built of stone several rods in length lead-
ing from two bridges across the stream, one above
and one below the building. The wall of one ap-
proach has already fallen into the stream, and the
other only prevented from so doing by props and
stays placed against it. Both approaches nie now
unsafe and inconvenient for passage, and it is im-
poitantthat they be repaired immediately while
the water is low and before the other walls fall. If
this is not done, great inconvenience must ensue,
and much greater expense incurred in the repairs
in the future. On the representation of these facts
to the Secretary of the Treasury he immediately
recommended the appropriation named in the
amendment. His letter I delivered into the hands
of the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means,who informed mc'that he would
put the appropriation into this bill. When I dis-
covered that it was omitted, 1 called the attention
of the honorable chairman to the matter, and he
said he had mislaid the letter, and therefore omit-
ted it. 1 move the amendment with his approba-
tion, and be will assent to what I have said as
regards the Secretary's letter. I trust the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw his opposition
and that the House will adopt the amendment.
I had a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
on the subject, which I handed to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but it was
mislaid.
Mr, STEVENS. I recollect the letter very well,
and T believe the proposition is all right.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. Do I understand that
the bill is open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.,
Mr, STEVENS. I desire to say that this item
was omitted on account of the communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury having been misiaid.
There was no objection to the appropriation by the
Committee of Waysand Means. It is simply to
repair the approaches to the custom-house at this
point, which is now almost inaccessible.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fessenden
and Holman were appointed.
Tho House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes 64, nays 25; no quorum voting.
Mr, HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley,Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Beamnn
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George, H. Biownc, Buffinton*
