2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. SUMNER. Where will the amendment
come in ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the one hundred
and eighteenth line to insert the words " freight
and,""before the word " passengers;" and if that
should be adopted, I shall move to strike the three
per cent, down to two and a half per cent.
The Senate will notice that the original propo-
sition of the House of Representatives is to charge
two nulls for each passenger. That would be
about eight per cent, upon their receipts for pas-
sengers. The railroad companies, by their agents,
appeared before the committee, and objected very
strenuously to that tax as being too high; but that
was not the principal objection. The great objec-
tion was, that it would be impossible to render an
account; that from the mode in which railroads
were connected together, and from their way fares,
and everything of that description, it would be
absolutely impossible to render an account. They
had no account of passengers alone which they
could give, upon which to be charged two mills
per mile; and therefore they could render no ac-
count of it with any certainty, and the result would
be mere guess work. One gentleman told us a
story of how it was made out by a certain rail-
road, where, under the laws of the State, they were
obliged to render an account in gross. The agent
put it down at a certain sum. The principal man-
ager of the road asked him how he got it. He
said,"I had to guess at it in a great degree." The
manager asked him, " Is it not too much or too
littler" I do not know; suppose we cut it down."
That is the way it would be precisely with us in
this case. It is impossible, in fact, to render an
account of the number of passengers; and that is
the objection. The same gentleman, one of the
gentlemen who appeared before us, and a very in-
telligent one, a man on whose word anybody could
rely, a gentleman from Massachusetts, said dis-
tinctly that he thought the fairer way would be to
lay a tax on the gross receipts, both for passen-
gers and freight of railroads and steamboats, and
that they could bear such a tax. The committee
asked him how much. lie said they could bear
three per cent., but it would be rather stiff. An-
oth< r gentleman thought two and a half percent,
as much as it ought to be; but they were all agreed
that two and a half per cent on the gross receipts
for passengers and freight would not beunfan;
and no representation was made to the contrary.
Well, sir, the committee gave tins matter to mo
to redraw. On looking into the subject, I thought
there would be a very great difficulty with regard
to the fteight fiom the competition that arose be-
tween steamboats and sailing vessels; you could
not put it on the freight of'sailing vessels very
readily, and it would be pretty difficult, and ex-
pose the steamboat business to disadvantage, to
put it on the freight of steamboats; and if we
were to put it on the freight of railroads, and not
on the steamboats, it would give the steamers m
certain localities great advantage over the rail-
roads. Therefore, on consideration, I drew up
a provision imposing a tax of three per cent, on
passengers alone, leaving out the freight entirely;
and in (hat shape it was accepted by the commit-
tee.
We also, at that time, decided to put the same
tax on horse lailroadsand ferry boats as on other
railroads and steamboats; but since then we have
become entirely satisfied that that will not do: it
is too much; and for I Ins particular reason: what-
ever tax we put upon them they cannot add it to
their fares. Thoie is no appreciable sum that they
can add. There is no less sum than a cent that
they could add to the fare, and one gentleman
stated to us that if they added one cent to the fare,
in order to raise a tax of $10,000, they would take
$50,000 from the community, and they must neces-
sarily do so. For that reason that was stricken
out. Theie were other reasons also equally ap-
plicable. The same rule holds in regard to ferry-
boats.
Then,in relation to this subjectof freight, when
I came to examine it further and to talk with gen-
tlemen upon it, some of whom were owners of
steamboats, they said the very gt eat advantage
which steamboats had over sailing vessels was
such that they would not be ledueed to an equal-
ity, even if you were to putatax on the freight of
.steamboats and not on the sailing vessels. They
"went oidinaiily short trips, ran a great many
trips, were subject to no uncertainties, and the
nature of their business was such that the compe-
tition would be of no advantage to them whatever.
That induced me to go back to the original idea
that was suggested to the committee, and which
1 had in moving this amendment: to put two and
one half per cent., which is the lowest sum named,
instead of three per cent., upon the receipts of
railroads and steamboats, both from passengers
and freight. That, it will be noticed, is a reduc-
tion of three per cent, on the amount fixed by the
House bill. It is live per cent, on the whole;
whereas the House, which put a tax on passen-
gers alone, put it at eight per cent.
Under these circumstances, I move this amend-
ment. Although it is an increase of two per cent,
upon what we originally reported, that being for
passengers alone, I think it ought to be adopted.
We must have money from some source. This
is an important source; and it has this great ex-
cellence about it: you can always ascertain to a
certainty what it is. They keep an account reg-
ularly of all their receipts, and there is no diffi-
culty or doubt about it in any shape or form.
Mr. SHERMAN. This tax on railroads was
perhaps the most difficult one to frame. The tax
proposed by the House of Representatives was a
very serious burden and a very unequal tax, and
1 think the committee ifnanimously agreed that it
ought to be abandoned. It was two mills on every
mile of travel. At any rate, it was an unequal
mode, and it was very easy to find arguments to
reject that mode of taxation. Then the question
arose, what should he the mode of assessment;
should you assess the capital stock ? That was
believed to be totally improper, for the reason that
the capital stock did not represent the value of the
roads. Some roads are worth more than their
capital stock, and some of them are not worth one
fifth of their capital stock. If you were to assess
the profits of the roads, the net receipts, that would
not be a correct basis. Some roads pay nothing
at all; and it would be a very uncertain basts.
After full deliberation,the presentamendment was
agreed upon, and 1 think unanimously,as it was
carefully framed by the chairman of the commit-
tee, imposing a tax of three per cent, on the re-
ceipts from passengers, excluding freight; and I
believe that is the way it ought to stand. The
amendment now is to change the assessment of
thiee per cent, on the receipts from passengers,
and make an assessment upon all the receipts from
freight and passengers. That would bear very
hardly upon the poorer roads over sparsely set-
tled portions of the country; it would add to the
cost of transporting the heavy supplies of the
country from the West to the East; and it would
very materially derange the present relations be-
tween steamboattransportationand railroad trans-
portation, by giving a discrimination in favor of
the one against the other. My own impression
is, that of all things freight on articles of con-
sumption ought to be taxed last of all; and espe-
cially freight on heavy articles of food ought to
be the last article taxed. If necessary to tax them,
I would tax them as I would tax agricultural pro-
ductions of all kinds; but it ought to be the last
tax to be assessed. A tax on passengers can be
easily levied, because the railroad companies can
very easily, under the provisions of this bill, add
that to the cost of transporting passengers. They
will add thiee per cent, to the costof a ticketfrom
one point to another. There is no practical diffi-
culty in the way. They will not have to pay it.
It will be collected no doubt of the passengers
themselves; it will be collected from the people
who choose to travel, the people best able to pay
a tax; while the consumers of the produce, who
would have to bear the tax on freight, are not the
persons best able to pay the tax. The poor man
who lives in the eastern cities, who lives upon the
flour of the West, would pay just as heavy a por-
tion of the tax on freight as the rich man, because
the rich man could eat no more than the poor man.
If isj therefoie, an unjust tax. On theother hand,
the wealthier classes, the commercial classes who
travel, and travel on business that will pay them
and justify their travel, will pay the tax on pas-
sengers. It is very different with the tax on
freight. If you put a tax of two and a half per
cent, on the gross receipts from freight and pas-
sengers of some of the railroads of Uiis country,
it will almost break them down; while, as I said
before, a tax on passengers alone will notoperate
injuriously upon the railroads, and will finally be
paid by those who ai*e best able to pay. It is a
tax easy of collection. The receipts from passen-
gers and the receipts from freight are always kept
distinct and separate. In every statement made
Out by a railroad company, you find the precise
amount received from passengers, and the precise
amount received from freights. It will not be at
all difficult for the assessor or the railroad com-
pany to fix the amount to be paid by each railroad
company. There is no practical difficulty in the
way; and 1 think three per cent, is about a fair
rate.
1 will also state that I have had correspondence
with several railroad presidents and managers of
railroads in different States on this subjcct, and
none of them complain of this mode of taxation.
They say it is right.
Mr. SUMNER. You are speaking of the tax
on passengers now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, I have heard of
no complaint about that. I have conversed with
gentlemen interested in the New England and New
York railroads, and received quite a number of
letters from railroad managers in the West, stat-
ing that they are perfectly willing to pay the amount
of tax now adopted, of three per cent, on the re-
ceipts from passengers. That was the plan pre-
pared and fiamed by the Senator from Maine; and
1 believe it is generally assented to in the country,
at least I have seen no complaint about it. It is
true we are not bound to consider the interests of
those taxed alone; but I take it, when a tax isas-
sessed that is satisfactory to those who arc about
to pay it, when it is reasonable in amount and the
mode of assessment is certain, so that we can get
the revenue, we ought to take that mode of tax-
ation. If you extend the tax to freights, you sub-
stantially add to the cost of the heavy articles of
merchandise transported from the East to the
West, and the food transported from the West to
the East. It finally falls on the consumers, as I
have shown, on those least able to pay a tax,
while a tax on passengers is not subject to that
objection. I therefore hope the Senate will adhere
to the amendment as it was first framed by the
Senator from Maine; and I shall vote against the
amendment he now offers to that amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio is not
quite correct in saying that the committee were
unanimous in supportof the amendmentas it was
reported by the Committee on Finance; but he is
near enough correct not to make issue with him.
I believe there was but one dissenting vote to it.
I myself do not agree to the amendment as it
stands.
Mr. SIMMONS. You want to strike it all out.
Mr. HOWE. The whole of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am with you in that.
Mr. HOWE. Then the Senator from Ohio will
allow me to say he is a great deal out of the way m
saying the committee were unanimous. [Laugh-
ter.] I supposed he was but slightly incorrect,
but if the Senator from Rhode Island is opposed
to it 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remark here that the
Senator from Rhode Island has a scheme of his
own, by which he intends to correct all the irregu-
larities in our bill. 1 think, however, he assented
to this mode of taxation as against the mode pre-
scribed by the original bill.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly, and so did I.
Mr. SHERMAN. I again repeat the remark I
made: thatas against the proposition of the House
bill, the committee were unanimous that this was
the better plan.
Mr. HOWE. The Scnato r is quite correct in
that proposition. The amendment of the com-
mittee is undoubtedly preferable to the proposi-
tion as it came to us from the House of Represent-
atives; but I am taken a little by surprise by the
amendment proposed here by the chairman of the
committee. I had no intimation that any such
proposition was to be submitted until yesterday.
I did not then suppose it was to be submitted so
early; and I really hope it will not be adopted. I
do not assent to the justice of laying taxes upon
the amount of passengers or the freight either. It
is not a legitimate subject of taxation. It ought
to be left free. However, I shall not oppose the
tax on the amount of passengers. As was re-
marked by the Senator from Ohio, that tax will
fall upon a class of people who can afford to pay
it, and will, I doubt not, cheerfully pay it, and I
shall not resist it; but I want to say here that I do
