1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
believe this resolution of the President covers all
which, is necessary to be done to accomplish the
purposes both of gradual emancipation and of
gradual colonization, without which, as I have
said, nine tenths of all the people within theslave-
holdipg States declare emancipation in those States
absolutely impossible. Yes, sir; nine tenths of all
the people in those States, and probably more than
nine tenths, refuse to entertain the idea of emanci-
pation within the States without the idea of col-
onizing the negroes in some country by them-
selves.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, as I remarked
the other day, I cannot withhold the expression
pf my regret that the President has deemed it to
be his duty to make such a proposition to Con-
gress at this time. I regret that any proposition
should be made in the present distracted state of
the country the tendency of which would be to
produce still further distraction in all probability.
But, sir, X find myself now constrained to express
further regret that I must differ from my friend
from Kentucky in such a matter as this. I pay
great respect and deference to his better judgment
and experience; but I simply rise to say that, as
between these propositions, I prefer the original
resolution, and must vote against (he amendment.
The original resolution distinctly recognizes the
absolute right of the States themselves to control
this whole matter. It would be a repeated recog-
nition on the part of Congress of that principle,
and I would rather see it pass in the form of the
original resolution than with any amendment that
would prescribe any conditions, any mode by
which tne States would bo expected to carry into
effect their designs in the premises. The original
resolution, as it stands, leaves the matter entirely
to the discretion of the States as to what mode
they shall adopt in the premises, as to what kind
of legislation they shall adopt in regard to slavery,
and leaves them without any difficulty of any im-
plication that might be raised hereafter in the ex-
ercise of their power in consequence of any action
on the part of Congress as to the manner in which
it should be exercised.
Sir, I shall, under the convictions of my judg-
ment, vote for the original proposition, not with-
out hesitation, not without the deepest regret,for
I fear that it may lead to consequences which may
be disastrous to the peace of the country; but I
believe that these consequences will be much less
pernicious and injurious than the results of other
measures which are before the Senate and before
the country; and if my vote for the proposition
of the President (for it is his proposition) shall
lead to its adoption, and thereby in any manner
tend to assuage the strife that is in the land, to put
down contention, to prevent or to modify distrac-
tion, I shall have accomplished a purpose that will
be exceedingly gratifying to me. I, therefore,
under the circumstances, have risen simply to say
that I regret to be compelled under these views of
the case to vote against the proposition of my
friend from Kentucky, to whose better judgment
in almost any other case I would be willing to
defer.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I expressed my views
very briefly the other day in reference to this res-
olution, its constitutionality, and its propriety. I
shall not repeat now what I said then. 1 believe
that the original resolution, as presented by the
Judiciary Committee, which has been denomin-
ated the President's proposition, is unconstitu-
tional if it is ever to be performed. It may not be
unconstitutional to make a promise, but the hon-
est and truthful man when he makes a promise
intends to regard it. I look upon the performance
of any such promise on the part of the General
Governmentas unconstitutional. I have the same
view in reference to the proposition submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky. I think it is equally
unconstitutional. If I could have a choice be-
tween two unconstitutional propositions I should
infinitely prefer the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky; and if I believed either one of
these propositions was constitutional, if 1 sup-
posed Congress had any such power as is con-
templated by eitherone, i should vote for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Kentucky as the least
of two evils.
Now, it is all folly to say that the proposition
made by the President is the same as that made
by the Senator from Kentucky. The Senator
from Kentucky proposes, in plain words, to pledge
the faith of this Government that the value of the
slaves shall be paid upon emancipation. The
proposition of the President promises nothing.
It does not say that slaveholders, when the slaves
are liberated, shall ever receive a dollar. It is a
vague, unmeaning proposition, saying that Con-
gress ought to cooperate; not sayingthat Congress
will, not saying how Congress shall cooperate, not
saying that Congress shall pay the value of the
slaves, as is said by the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky. This Congress says that Con-
gress ought to cooperate; the next Congress, after
some State, acting upon the inducementheld out,
shall have emancipated the slaves within its lim-
its, may say, " well, we are not bound by that;
that Congress did notsay the appropriation should
be made, and we are not going to make an appro-
priation for any such purpose." I think, how-
ever, those who are in favor of a proposition of
this kind ought—they will pardon me for saying
so, it is not for me to dictate, but I may make a
modest suggestion—to say in definite terms, as
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, that the
money shall be paid upon the liberation of the
slaves.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I have
examined and considered this joint resolution very
carefully, and I cannot perceive any objection that
can reasonably be taken to it by any person or
upon any account. It does not propose any in-
terference whatever on the part of the General
Government with the question of slavery in the
States or elsewhere. It is simply a declaration
that in the event of any State hereafter choosing
to enter upon a system of gradual emancipation
of slaves, or gradual abolishment of slavery, the
United States ought to cooperate with that State
by giving to it pecuniary aid, to be used by the
State, in its discretion, to compensate for the in-
conveniences, public and private, produced by
such change ot system. The resolution, which
is understood to have been prepared by the Pres-
ident, does not attempt to indicate in what way
the pecuniary aid to be given by the General Gov-
ernment shall be appropriated—how it shall be
used, in what manner it shall be disposed of—but
it leaves that entire question to the discretion of
the State when she shall have entered upon a sys-
tem of gradual emancipation, if she ever chooses
to do so. No State may ever act in reference to
this matter at all. If a State does act upon this
subject,and doesadopta system of gradual eman-
cipation, it will be time enough then for us to dis-
cuss the question of the pecuniary aid to be given;
but even in that event, the resolution does not
contemplate that we should make any appropri-
ation of it other than pass it over to the State and
leave her to dispose of it. It is for her to say
what application shall bp made of it—whether it
shall be distributed to those whose slaves have
been manumitted, or whether it shall be appro-
priated for colonization. That is all left to be con-
sidered and disposed of by the State Legislature
m its discretion, uncontrolled and untrammeled
by any action of the General Government. This
resolution does not contemplate that the General
Government shall interfere in any manner, shape,
or form, or to any extent whatever, with the sub-
ject of slavery. It is simply a declaration that
m the event of such a contingency occurring, it
would then be proper for the General Government
to afford pecuniary aid.
Now, sir, I do not think the resolution indi-
cates that there is to be payment for slaves to
masters, or that there is to bean appropriation of
money for their colonization; but it leaves that
whole question to be disposed of by the State
Legislatures themselves, as it should be. That
is the proper place for it. A State Legislature
may choose to adopt a system of apprenticeship;
in that event, if she gets pecuniary aid from the
General Government, she may do with it as she
pleases, it would not be necessary to appropriate
any portion of it for colonization. She may
choose to adopt a system of gradual emancipa-
tion; if she did that, her application of any pe-
cuniary aid she might receive Aom the General
Government would consequently be modified; or
she may choose to adopt a system of instant and
immediate emancipation, and in that event there
would be a still further modification of the appro-
priation of pecuniary aid afforded her by the Gen-
eral Government. The State is left to do as she
pleases in that regard. She may appropriate it
to compensate the former owners, to effect the
colonization of the manumitted slaves, or to settle
them somewhere in her own country, or to dis-
tribute it among all these objects, she having the
entire and unlimited control of the whole subject
and the whole amount of means that are afforded
her, whenever the time comes.
Now, sir, I cannot perceive that there is any
just objection to this resolution, as it is a mere
declaration of an opinion. The Senator from
Delaware objects to it as in conflict with the Con-
stitution, upon what particular ground I do not
know.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state it to the Sen-
ator. If it is meant to keep this promise, then
money must be appropriated out of the Federal
Treasury. In my view the performance of the
promise, the appropriating of money out of the
Federal Treasury to give to the States to free their
slaves, would be unconstitutional. I think you
might just as well appropriate money out of the
Federal Treasury to a State to set her horses loose
upon the prairies.
Mr. BROWNING. I supposed that was the
constitutional objection the Senator had; but that
is anticipating a question that has not yet arisen.
This resolution does not now propose any appro-
priation at all, and it will be time enough to dis-
cuss that when it comes before us; but I am sur-
prised that such an objection should be urged by
the Senator from Delaware to-day, when no longer
ago than yesterday he was as fully and thoroughly
convinced, as it is possible to convince a man of
the truth of any proposition, that it was compe-
tent and constitutional for the General Govern-
ment to appropriate money to remove slaves. No
longer ago than yesterday, the Senator himself
proposed an amendment to the bill for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia, to the
effect that it should be the duty of the General
Government, at her expense and cost, to remove
all the manumitted slaves from the District of
Columbia to the free States, and to settle them
there.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me a moment?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very glad the Sen-
ator has alluded to that, because 1 indicated very
clearly when I offered that amendment the reasons
why 1 did it. I stated distinctly that I acted on
that occasion on the principle laid down by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to make an
unconstitutional measure as unobjectionable as
possible. I did regard and do now regard the prop-
osition to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia as made in that bill unconstitutional. I
regarded my own amendment in the same light;
but I thought if you would adopt an unconsti-
tutional bill, an unconstitutional amendment im-
proving it might be innocent, by way,as far as you
can,of perfecting an unconstitutional bill. Istated
distinctly however, that I intended to vote against
the bill under any circumstances.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I did not
then conceive, and I do not now conceive, that the
Senator supposed hisamendmentto be a violation
of the Constitution. I cannot comprehend how
a Senator acting under oath to keep and observe
the Constitution, to preserve it inviolate, should
himself propose a measure which he believed at
the time to be a violation of the Constitution, and
give it the sanction of his vote. I did not compre-
hend it then, 1 do not now; and I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken in supposing that he was under
the impression that his amendment was unconsti-
tutional. It went very much further than this
resolution does, and went quite as far as the Gen-
eral Government would go if the contingency con-
templated by this resolution should hereafter arise
and the General Government should then execute
her promise by appropriating money for this pur-
pose.
I only intended to say, Mr. President, that
deeming this resolution much less objectionable
than the amendment proposed to it, I shall adhere
to the original resolution. It docs not propose in
the slightest degree, in any shape or form, or to
any extent, or to any intent, to interfere with sla-
very in the States. It leaves that where the Con-
stitution left it and where it ought to be left. I do
not think the resolution goes at ail beyond the con-
stitutional and appropriate powers of Congress,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will simply say, in
