1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not consider the directors, presidents, and mana-
gers of railroad companies the best witnesses in
the world upon the question whether this tax is a
proper one or not. if it were conceded that they
were to pay the money, that it was a tax upon
their assets, then we could not object to the testi-
mony of these individuals;but I take it, no Sena-
tor on this floor is prepared to believe that any
railroad company, or any steamboat company, or
any owner of a steamboat, is willing to be taxed
five'per cent, on the gross receipts. There arc but
very few railroads, I take it, whose profits amount
to five per cent, oil their gross receipts. The best
railroads in the country having paid a tax equal to
five per cent, on their earnings, I take it the divi-
dend would be very small if it came out of their
treasury. The truth about it is, it mu&t fall upon
those who travel, and upon those who move the
freight. Now the great mass of the freight is that
which is moving from the West to the East, and
from the East to the West; that which is sent from
the West to the East to be sold, and that which is
purchased in the East for consumption in the W est;
and I submit to the Senate whether it is fair and
just to impose a tax of two and a half per cent,
upon the amount of that freight; whether it does
fall equally upon the country?
It is admitted by the mover of this amendment
that it will be onerous, but ho says we must have
money. Undoubtedly the Government must have
money; but there should be a fair way of getting
it. If your object is directness and simplicity,
there are a great many means of getting it, more
simple and more direct than this. You can walk
into Wall street with one of your brigades and get
the money, and all you want, more readily, more
directly, more simply than by this, and I think
about as justly, with as much equality, and as
much propriety. I really hope this amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I join with the Senator from
Wisconsin, and the reason I can express very
briefly. A tax oil passengers will be no discour-
agement, that is, no practical discouragement, to
travel; but a tax on freight will be a discourage-
ment to freight, a discouragement to transporta-
tion. I make that distinction between the two
taxes. Therefore I see on principle and on pol-
icy 110 objection to the tax on passengers; but I
tio see, on grounds of policy, an objection to the
tax 011 freight, because it will be a positive dis-
couragement to transportation. It seems to me,
so far as we have a policy 011 that subject, it ought
to be just the other way: to encourage ti.xnspoita-
tion. Then, for instance, there is a case which
the Senator from Wisconsin will see at once—the
case of competition between the Canada railroad
and the railroads almost side by side in our own
country. This tax would not prevail in Canada,
and ofcouise it would give the advantage tp that
road in freight over the parallel lines in our own
country.
This' is all I have to say on the point; but while
I am up, I desiie to call attention to the difference
between the tax on the steam railway and the
horse railway. The reason assigned by the Sen-
ator from Maine had not occurred to me until I
heard it from him, and at the moment certainly
it seemed satisfactory; but,on reflecting upon it,
I am not sure that it is sufficient to justify the dis-
tinction. The question that I have asked myself,
and which has been put to me by gentlemen with
whom I have conversed on this sub jeer, is, whether
it would not be simpler for us to have one abso-
lute uniform tax 011 all passengers, 110 matter by
what conveyance, assuming, however, that the
tax then falls upon the passengers. Now, 1 un-
derstand the Senator from Maine to suggest—and,
as I said,l was struck by his suggestion—thatm
the case of the horse railroad the tux would not
fall upon the passengers, but it would fall upon the
railroad. If that be so, I believe it is an answer.
That had not occurred to me until I heard it tioni
the Senator. Until I heard that suggestion, I
thought the two taxes ought to be equal; that by
having them equal we should simplify this whole
tax; we should be able to express it in a simple
form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to my friend
that the view which he is now suggesting is pre-
cisely the view the Committee on Financc took of
it when I first drew up this amendment; but since
then we have had gentlemen before us who have
demonstrated to us that it cannot be done. For
instance, take the fare of five cents per passenger,
which is the ordinary price. There is no appreci-
able part of a cent that could be added to the fare.
If you add anything, therefore, you must add one
cent. It was demonstrated to us, that in the city
of New Yoik, for instance, one railroad, to raise
$10,000, assuming that to be the amount of tax
they would hove to pay, would collect from the
people f GO,000, which would be very unjust to the
people;'and besides, the burdens on these compa-
nies are already very heavy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I trust this amendment
will not prevail. It has been the policy of the
Government and of the States for the last fifty
years to red uce the cost of ti ansportation; to reach
our means far inland; to lay the largest possible
amount of the production of the far West at the
doors of the cities of the East. We have to com-
pete with our produce with all the world in for-
eign markets. Why, sir, in the western part of
the State of the Senator from Iowa you will find
corn at eight cents a bushel. Almost the whole
value of that corn is in its transportation. If you
go far enough West you find them actually using
corn for fuel. It is the interest of the country to
keep down the cost of transportation to the very
lowest point, to enable these people so far re-
moved from a market to pay the taxes which are
imposed upon them in other ways. This tax now
proposed-on freight would be exceedingly burden-
some upon the agricultural western States; and I
look upon it as an improper tax, because, as was
very justly said by the Senator from Ohio, it taxes
the poor, and the extreme poor, precisely as much
as it does the wealthiest, and more; for the poor
laboring man consumes vastly more food than the
wealthy man who does nothing. You actually
put a heavier tax upon the poor man than upon
the rich. It will be exceedingly burdensome, I
think, to the West, and it will be exceedingly
burdensome upon the poor of the East. I hope
it will not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance to insert in the
one hundred and eighteenth line, befoie the word
" passenger," the words "and freight."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there ought to be
a little amendment made in the one hundred and
thirty-eighth lino of the amendment of the com-
mittee. "The only persons upon whom we put a
tax on freight—and that is hardly an applicable
term—are the owners of toll-bridges. They are
to pay three per cent, on the gross amount of all
their receipts. I think the words "and freight"
should be struck out in that clause also, so as to
let them pay three per cent, on their passengers
alone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from A'lame proposes to amend the amendment in
the one hundred and thirty-eighth line, by strik-
ing out the words '• and freight;" so that the
clause will read, " subject to pay a duty of three
per cent. 011 the gross amount of all their receipts
for passengers of eveiy description."
The aiueiidmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs 011 the amendment of the commiitee
as amended.
1 Mr. HOWE. In regard to the amendment in
i relation to the bridges, just adopted, I wish to ask
j the chairman of the committee if he has consid-
i ered whether it is practicable for them to keep sep-
i arate accounts? The amendment would requue
! the keeping of separate accounts, 011 the pait of
J the company, for freights and passengers.
! Mr. SHERMAN. The reason why the word
' "freight" was mseited there was that that cov-
ered cattle, live stock, and a great variety of
things that passed over these bridges.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not put in the words
" live stock
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it just as well to
leave in the word " freight."
Mr. FESSENDEN. My only object was to
do justice. If it is important to leave the words
ill, " freight" is haidlv an applicable term.
Mi. SHERMAN. "They do not keep any ac-
counts 111 these toll-bridges. There are a gteat
many of them in Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will ask whether
the percentum ought not to be reduced. If they
can keep no account should not the tax be reduced
to thesfme point to which we have reduced it'on
the railroads and boats? The expenses, I sup-
pose, are not great, however.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, myself, the bridge
tax ought to be put down to the ferry tax, one and
a half per cent. 1 see no reason in the world why
the tax on bridges should be higher than the tax
on ferries.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The expenses are much
less.
Mr. GRIMES. The ferry boat lasts longer
than the bridge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the expense of run-
ning it is much greater. I will move to. recon-
sider the vote on that amendment if it is the opin-
ion of the committee that it ought notto be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved by
the Senator from Maine to reconsider the vote by
which the words " and freight" were stricken
out in the one hundred and thirty-eighth line.
Mr. GRIMES. If the purpose is to merely
cover the cases suggested by the Senator from
Ohio, it seems to me the word " freight"oUght to
bo stricken out, and " live stock" substituted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Persons sometimes go
over in carriages.
Mr. GRIMES. Are they freight?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not exactly
nassgigers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sometimes they charge
more for a loaded wagon than they do for an
empty one, and so 011.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not knew but the
clause is right as it stands in the bill; but I should
like to correct the phraseology.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on the reconsideration, and then it
may be amended.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, instead of the
amendment I offered, I will move to strike out
the words " for passengers and freight," so that
it will read:
A duty of three per cent, on the gioss amount of all their
receipts of every description.
Mr. HOWE. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted.
The Secietary read section seventy-seven, as
follows:
Railroad Bonds.
Sec. 77. Jlntl be it further enacted, That on and afterthc
1st day of May, 1862, any poison or prisons owning or pos-
sessing, or having the curt: or management of any raihoad
company or raihoad corporation, being indebted tor any
sum or Jams or money for which bonds or oilier evidences
of indebtedness have been issued, payable in one or more
yoai.- aitei date, upon which interest i-, or shall be, stipu-
lated to be paid, or coupons repie&cnting the interest shall
oc or shall have been issued to be paid, and all dividends
in scupui money 01 siiuia ot money thereafter declared due
or payable to stockholder of any lailroad company, as
pait ot the earnings profits, or gains of said companies,
shall bo subject to and pay a duty of thiue per cent. on the
amount of all such intei e- t or coupons or dividends when-
ever the tame shall he paid; and said laihoad companies
or mihoad eoipoiations, or any pei on or peisuns owning,
possessing, 01 having the caie or management of any rail-
ioad company or laihoad corpoiation, are heieby author-
ized and required to deduct and withhold fiom all pay-
ments maae to any pci&ou, persons, or party, alt^r the 1st
day of May, a* aloieKaid, on account of any interest or
coupons or dividends due and payable as aforesaid, the
s>aid dutv or sum of Ihieo per cent.; and the duties deducted
as aforesaid, and ceitified by the uiesidont or otlier proper
officer of said company or corporation, shall be a receipt
and disehaine, accoiding to theamountthereof,ol bsuaraii-
load companies or laihoad eoiporalions, and the owner*,
iKK-acssori, and agents theieof, on dividends and on bonds
01 othei evidences of their indebtedness, upou which 111
terestoi coupons aie pajahle, iiolden hy any person or paity
whatsoever,anda list or icturnshall he made ami lenileiod
with in thirty days niter the time fixed when said intciest
or coupons or dividends become due or payable, mid sh
often a  everv f-iv months, to the Commits*-lonci of internal
Revenue, winch shall contain a ti ue and faithful account ot
the duties received and chargeable, as aforesaid, during the
tune when such duties have acciuedor should accnu*,and
lemauuna unaccounted for: and theio slutil he annexed to
every such list or return a declaration under oath or aim ill-
ation, in manner and form as may be pio^ctihcd by the L'om-
HiissioriCJ of Internal llevcnue, ot the pie- idont, treusun-r,
01 some pioper officer of said raiiioad company, or raihoad
corpoiation, that the same contain a true and faithful ac-
count of theduticrt so withhold and leeeived Uuiinjs the
tunc when such duties have acei ued 01 should aeciu<'( and
not accounted for; and lor any deiauit in the nifikmg on -n-
dering ot such h->t or return, with the declaration annexed,
as aforesaid, the pei&on 01 persons owning, po^est-ing. or
having tin* cart; or management of such railroad company
01 raihoad corporation, makingsucli default shall foi feit,as
a penalty, the sum of 4'o00; and in case of any default m
