2334
THE COJSTGJRESSION"AL GLOBE.
May 24,
making or rendering said list, or of any defaul t in the pay-
ment of the duty, Oi any pait thereof, deeming or which
should accrue, the assessment and eelleetion shall he made
according to the general provisions of this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend this section in the second
line, by striking out the word " May" and in-
serting " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the seventy-eighth section,
as follows:
Banks, Trust Companies. Savings Institutions, and Insur-
ance Companies.
Sec. 78. Jind be it. faithcr enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May, IBS-l, theie Miall be levied, collected, and
paid by all bank*, tru-stcompanics, and savings institutions,
and by all fire, marine. Me, inland stock, aiid mutual in-
surance companies, under wluitevei >tyle oi nainc known
or called, of the United State* oi Temtoiies, specially in-
corporated oi existing under geneial laws, or winch may be
hereafter iucorpoi.ued or exust as aforesaid, oil ali dividends
in scrip or money thereaftei declined due or paid to stock-
holders, to policy holders, or to depositors, as pait of the
earnings, piofits, or gains of said banks, tiust companies,
savings uiatiturion-*, or insurance companies, and on all
sum-s added to their surplus or contingent fund*, a duty of
thiee per cent.: Provided, That the duties upon the div-
idends. of life insurance companies, shall not be deemed due
or to be collected until such dividends shall be payable by
such companies. And said banks, trust companies, savings
institutions, and nisuiance companies aie hereby author-
ized and required to deduct and withhold from all pay-
ments made to any peison, persons, or paity, on account of
any dividends or sums of money that may be due and pay-
able, as aforesaid, aftei the 1st day of May, 1862, the said
duty of three per cent. And a li-?t or letuin shall be
made and rendered within thirty days after the tune fixed
when such dividends or sums of money shall be declaied
due and payable, and as olten as eveiv six month*, to the
Commi*sion'er of Internal Reveiim-, which *hall contain a
true and faithful account ot the amount of dune* acciued
or which should accrue liorn time to tunc, as aforesaid,
during the tune when «ueh diuic\s icrnain unaccounted foi,
and thcic shall be annexed to ovetybtich list or return a
declaration, under oath oi aHiinution, to bo made in fonn
and manner as Miall be pif-cubed by the Commissioner ot
Internal ltevonue, of the president, or some olhet piopei
ofliecr of said bank, mist company, savings institution, or
insurance oompanj, iesppenvely,tliat the saincs contain* a
true and faitlilul account ol the dutie-. winch have acciued
or should accrue, and not accounted for; and foi any de-
fault in the dehveiyof sueli list or return, with such dec-
laration ntmcved, the bank, tnivt company, savings insti-
tution, oi ifnuiancc company making fauch default, shall
forfeit as a penalty the sum of#\k)0.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to amend this section in the second and
also in the twenty-second lines by striking out the
word "May" and inserting " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
also propose to add at the end of the section the
following proviso:
Jlnd provided jnrthcr, That the tax or duty upon divi-
dends specified in this act shall not be deducted from divi-
dends or stock held by any other company oi corpoiation
tiom the dividends whereof an equal and similai tax is to
be levied under the provisions ot this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On furtherconsideration,
the committee ieco m men d ihauhatbe notadopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. IIOWE. I think there is an amendment
that ought to be made arid may be overlooked,as
it was byme,in thcscventy-aecond section. The
word "May,"in the twenty-fiisl hnfi of that sec-
tion, should be struck out, and "July" inserted
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation wiiJ be made if there be no objection.
The Secretary read section seventy-nine, as
follows:
Sec. 79. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That any person oi
pei>011*3 owning or po^es<?nnr, or having the caie or man-
agement of any laihoad company or lailioad eotpoiatiou,
bank, tru^-tcompany, savings institution, oi lriMitanet- com-
panj, as hcictofoie mentioned, requtied under this act to
make and lender any li-t or icturn to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, slmll, upon lcudennu the same, pay to
the said Commissioner ol lutein.il Revenue the amount of
the duties due on «ueh li-t or letuin, and in default theicof
shall foifeit, a-; a penalty, the sum ot .$500 ; uul in case of
neglect or lefi^al to make such li*t oi ictui n a* afoiesaid.
or to pay tin: duties, as aforesaid, for thespace of tlurt} days
after the tunc when said list should have been made and
rendered, or when said duties shall have become dm* and
payable, the a^e^ment and cojleet-on shall be made ae-
thi-act101,10 ®ene,ul Provis'° s heretofoie prescribed in
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose no amendment to this section. The next
will be read.
The Secretary read section eighty, as follows:
Sec. 80. Jlnd he it farther cnactcd, Tbatou anrl nfrci- thc>
1st day of May, W.*. .here fc„a,l be' pastor '
every iii^ui.uiee linm io« or damage by fue wliieh Clv.il l„.
made, renewed, or continued, 01 which shall be indor-wi
upon any open policy, by any company, or it, agent- or by
any association ortndividual after this act shall take effect,
a duty of ten cents upon each and every $100 insured for
one year, and at and niter that late for any Pactional part of
$100, and lor each and every year, or fractional part of
one year, as well as for any number of yeais for which the
insurance shall be made, renewed, or continued, or shall
be indorsed upon any open policy : Provided, hovever, That
any such insurance made, renewed, or continued, hy any
company or its agents, for a period of time not limited,
shall, for the purpose of this act, be taken and be deemed
to be an insurance for ten years: and lor ami m respect of
eveiy insuiance from loss oi damage, which shall be made,
lencwccl, oi continued, or which shall be indorsed upon any
open policy by any marine or inland insurance company, or
its agents, or by any association or individual aftei this act
shall take effect, a duty of one dollar upon every $100 of
picmium on such insuiance, and at and after that iate fur
any fractional part of $100 of premium for any insurance
made, renewed, or continued, or indorsed upon any open
policy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to sti ike out the whole of the section that
has just been read, after the enacting clause, and
to inseit in lieu thereof the following:
That on the 1st day of October, A. D. 1862, and on the
fust day of each quarter of a year thcreaftei, there shall be
paid by each insuiance company, whether inland or ma-
rine, and by each individual or association encaged in the
business ot insuiance fiom loss or damage by fire, or by the
peiils of the sea, or for life insurance, the duty of three per
cent, upon the gross receipts foi premiums and assessments
by such individual, association, or company during the
quaitcr then preceding; and like duty shall be paid by the
agent of any foreign insuiance company having an office
or doing business within the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee propose an
amendment to that amendment, and I will call the
attention of the chairman to it. We agreed that
the words " or for life insurance," in the thirty-
first line should be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I would leave
it to you tn suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole capital in life
insurance is taxed under other piovisions of the
bill, and I therefore move to strike out those words
u or for life insurance."
Mr. SUMNER. That leaves life insurance un-
touched by this provision ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. There is. then, to be no tax
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be taxed as a matter
of course as income, by the other provisions of
the bill, but there will be no tax, as an insurance
company, on life insurance.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of that propo-
sition.
1 he amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now the question recurs on
the proposition of the committee to strike out and
insert.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. SUMNER. That proposition certainly
has one advantage over the proposition of the
House of Representatives, inasmuch as I under-
stand it is applicable to the gross receipts for
premiums and assessments. It is applicable ex-
clusively to those. In thaticspcct it differsTrom
the House bill, I behove. But the question that
I would present is, whether the tax proposed is
not too high. For instance, I have a memoran-
dum before me in which it is stated that the sev-
enteen stock fire insurance companies chartered
by the State of Massachusetts lost the last year,
in the aggregate, almost five percent, on their cap-
ital, besides their entire receipts; so that if they
had been taxed upon their profits, no tax would
have been collected.
Mr. GRIMES. How was it the year before?
Mr. STJMNER. That I do not know.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the average of the
years?
Mr. SUMNER. That I have not the means
ot saying. But seasons like that do often occur.
I his proposed tax would be certainly very bard
indeed. 1 propose, therefore, to strike out" three"
and insert "one," inline thirty-two; so that the
tax shall be one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the tax on insurance companies was also
one of the troublesome questions before the com-
mittee, and f will state the reasons why this prop-
osition was adopted. The tax proposed by fhc
House of Representatives was a duty of ten cents
upon each and every hundred dollars insured for
one year. That is equivalent to one null on a j
dollar per year; or, considering that the insurance i
company would pay at the rate of one per cent, f
on the amount insured, it would be equivalent to
one tenth of the receipts from insurance; ten per
cent.! A very onerous and severe tax. The tax
proposed by the House of Representatives would
be very unequal, inasmuch as a safe risk would
pay as much on $1,000 as a very great risk. That
would be very unequal, improper, and unjust.
Indeed, the House committee, as we were in-
formed, were not satisfied with their proposition
to tax insurance companies,and were anxious to
have it stricken out.
The Committee on Finance of the Senate con-
cluded it was best to adopt the same rule in re-
gard to insurance companies as in regard to other
companies; and no objection was made to this
amendment for some time, until recently several
very intelligent gentlemen appeared before the
committee, and claimed that this tax was too
high. They insisted, that this tax would be paid
by the insurance companies and would destroy all
their profits; that as their profits are but a small
proportion of their receipts, if you take three per
cent, of the gross receipts, you would deprive
them of all their profits. The answer to that is
very simple. When a person applies for an in-
surance, if he pays fifty dollars for his insurance,
a tax would be added equivalent to 50, and
that would be paid by the person insured. It is
not paid by the insurance company.. It is true
the Government collects it off the insurance com-
pany; but it will be levied directly upon every
party insured; and if the amount of insurance is
fifty dollars, the tax will at once be added to that
assessment and paid by the individual insured.
It will make no difference to the insurance com-
pany. It is an amount easily ascertained. If you
put the tax down, as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, to one per cent, on the re-
ceipts, the insurance company will be less likely to
get one per cent, from the insured than if it were
three, or even five per cent.
Some gentlemen interested in the business ol
insurance say that this tax of three per cent, will
deter people from insuring. I think that is an ab-
surd proposition. No one will be deterred from
insuring because he will have to pay one thirty-
third more for insurance. The total amount of
property in this country insured is probably from
one third to one tenth of the perishable property.
It is said to be greater in England. Four fifths of
the people of the country do not insure at all, for
reasons satisfactory to themselves. Is it to be pre-
sumed that anybody will be deterred from insur-
ing his property simply because he pays a tax to
the Government of one thirty-third the amounthe
pays for the premium? How much would that
be on an insurance of $5,000? So small a sum
that nobody would be deterred from taking out
an insurance policy on that account. If the rate
of insurance is one per cent, on propeity insured,
it will only be equivalent to $1 50 on $5,000. If
a person insured for $5,000 pays a Government
tax of §1 50, that surely will not deter him from
making an insurance. If the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts should be adopted,
he will pay but fifty cents. This was considered
a very profitable and very easy mode of taxation,
in which the person insured will pay the tax. I
agree it would be much easier and better to tax
those people who do not insure, if you could ar-
rive at them; but from whom will you collect the
tax? If you try to collect it from the great mass of
the people at large you cannot collect it at ail, and
in framinga tax bill you must take those objects of
taxation that are easily collected. In this case the
Govei n ment can collect it from the insurance com-
pany; the insurance company can collect it di-
rectly from the insured; and it will fall so lightly
on the insured as not to be objectionable. I think,
therefore, a reduction of this tax would beunwise.
Mr. DIXON. The proposition before the Sen-
ate at this time, as I undeistand it, is to amend
the bill of the House as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance. The House bill proposes a
tax which, as the Senator from Ohio has stated,
amounts to about ten per cent, on the gross re-
ceipts of the insurance offices. That was not
understood by the members of the House com-
mittee when they reported the bill, nor by the
House when they passed it That tax would be
the utter ruin of every insurance office in the Uni-
ted States; butl understand that to be abandoned.
Nobody proposes to levy that tax now. The
sum received would be enormous, and the effect
