nn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Executive affirmed the same doctrine that these
institutions belong entirely to the States. If they
are evils in the States, and if they are hard to be
borne, it is not for us to throw the burden of that
evil upon the people of Maine or of California.
It is not the right of this Senate to impose upon
the people on the shores of the Pacific a tax for
the purpose of emancipating the slaves of Ken-
tucky, Missouri, or Maryhmd. There is no such
power vested in this Government, in one or in all
of itsdepai tments. These are times of war, when
great latitude is indulged in, both in legislation and
administration. However far such latitudinarian
policies may be generally approved, I feel myself
called upon when there is a plain ruie,as I think,
of constitutional limitation, to conform myself
to it.
I have another objection to this measure. As
much, I say again, as 1 approve of the sentiment
expressed in the communication of the Piesident
and the pending resolution, it would, in my judg-
ment, better become some place of discussion out-
side the Halls of Congress. It is brought forward
now; and what is its character? It is not legisla-
tion; it is the affirmation of a policy; and what
does it inaugurate? It inaugurates a continuous
systematic policy on the part of this Government
to engage in the manumission of slaves m the slave
States. Is there anything of benefit to be derived
from the inauguration of such a policy? Have
not questions, if not the same, to which this is col-
lateral, disturbed Congress and the country for
years—discussion unprofitable, illegitimate, and
mischievous. It is now proposed to make them per-
manently legitimate. TheGovernmentis to go into
the business of emancipating the slaves m the slave
States. That will be the great absorbing topic,
and the great questions that belong to really legit-
imate legislation, our inter-State relations, our re-
lations abroad, our genera! policy and measures of
necessary administration will be absorbed in this
question of manumitting the slaves of the border
slave States. Sir, I think we have had enough of
this character of business, and I, for one, am not
disposed to make this order of business legitimate
by any vote of mine. I am not disposed by my
act to approve of its superseding the proper busi-
ness of the Federal Congress. 1 protest against
the discussion in every form. It can accomplish
no good; and I undertake to say, although 1 know
that this measure was brought forward with the
purpose of accomplishing groat and beneficent re-
sults, it, can accomplish no good. I have seen the
time when I hoped Missomi would soon provide
for the gradual emancipation of her slaves, and it
would have been done but for agitation. I have
seen the same thing in Kentucky. The same thing
has been known in the history of Kentucky, Vir-
ginia, Maryland, and Delaware. I believe that
by the just administration of the Government of
its own affairs, the legitimate course of events will
accomplish all these results yet; but they never
will be accomplished by legislation. Wemayhave
this subject agitated session uftei session, year
after year, Congress after Congress, angry dis-
cussions, expensive discussions, profitless discus-
sions—federal legislation cannot cure this evil; it
cannot be reached by any such medicine; for favor-
able times, circumstances, events, we may hope;
but if wc here undertake the management of this
great social problem, we will find that wc are not
merely anticipating, but that we are usurping the
ways of Providence, and assumingan office higher
than any to winch we have been yet elected."
Mr. POWELL. I have examined very care-
fully the message and lesolution of the President,
and I confess, the more I investigate, the more
strongly am I opposed to it. I can see no good,
but great mischief, to come from it. I regaid the
whole thing, so far as the slave States are con-
cerned, as a pill of arsenic, sugar-coated. lam
opposed to it in every form in which it may be
presented. In the first place, no practical good
can result from the resolution. It does not pro-
pose anything specific and certain. It is merely
an annunciation of what Congress ought to do in
certain contingencies, without even saying that it
will do it. The whole scope and tendency of the
resolution is Lo keep up agitation in the border
slave States; and that can result in no good, but
it will inevitably do much harm. It will be in-
jurious to our property, and create a feeling of
uneasiness there that cannot possibly work any- ■
thing but mischief; and that, in my judgment, is
its scope and design. I think its object is to in-
augurate abolition parties in the border skive
States.
I confess I much prefer the amendment of my
colleague to the original resolution, and for that
I shall vote; but it is due to candor that I should
say, that even if the amendment of my colleague
should prevail, I shall vote against the resolution,
for I will not vote for it in any form whatever.
1 prefer the amendment of my colleague, because
it is more direct, more specific; and while, in my
judgment, I think it is very wrong, still it is bet-
ter than the resolution. Now, sir, what is this
resolution?
Resolved, That the United States ought to cooperate with
any State which may adopt gradual abohshmentof slavery,
giving to fcuch State pecuniary aid, to be used by &uch State
m its diseiefion, to compensate for tiie inconveniences,
public and private, produced by such change of sy&tem.
What good will be accomplished by the adop-
tion of that resolution? None whatever. It will
result in agitation, and it will lead the people of
the slave States to believe that this is but one of
a series of measures to destroy their domestic
institutions. You have now before the Senate,
which I suppose will be very speedily passed, a
bill abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. That the people will couple with this reso-
lution. Now, sir, if you are going to do anything
of the kind, why not pass a law stating distinctly
and specifically what you intend to do? You do
not do that; you merely throw this resolution out
as a kind of tub to the whale, to let slavery agi-
tators sport with it for the purpose of injuring the
people of the border slave States. If you were to
pass a solemn pledge that you "would not do it, I
would not give a fig for your political pledges.
What arc they> We know something about them.
In my judgment, when the President sent this
message and resolution to the two Houses of Con-
gress ho plainly and palpably violated the doctiine
announced in his inaugural address, which I will
read. I know that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Browning] says that this measure is no interfer-
ence, directly or indirectly, with slavery in the
States. I greatly differ from the honorable Sen-
ator when he made that announcement. I think
it is an interference, an indirect and most insidi-
ous interference. What did the President say in
his inaugural address?
'• AppiehoiMon seems to exist anion? the people m the
southei n States that by the accession of a Republican ad-
miniNnation thou ptopeityand their peace and pei^onal
security aic to be endangoied. Theie Inu, novoi boon any
leasuuabte cause loi Mich appiehonsion. Indeed, tlx; most
ample evidence to the eontiaiy ha* all the while existed
and been open to then inspection. It i.> found m nearly
all the published speeches nf him who now addi esses you.
I do hut quote fiom one of those speeches when 1 declaie
that i ! have no pinpose diieelly oi indirectly, to inteileie
with the institution of !«l;ivc iv in the State i wheie it exists?.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so,, and 1 have no in-
clination to do so.'55
Is not this resolution an interference ? Is it not
an indirect interference? Is it not holding out an
inducement to the people of the border States that
if they will emancipate theii slaves they shall re-
ceive aid from the General Government? That
man must be stupid indeed who does not know
that that is an interference. It is an unmistakable
interference; and the sole object of it is to keep
up the slavery agitation, which I have always
thought should be banished from these Halls. If
the measures before the two Houses of Congress
do not look as if it were wished to interfere with
slavery in the States wheie it exists, I amataloss
to know what will cause the people to think that
interference is not desired.
Now, let us look at this message a little fur-
thev:
'•The Federal Government would find its highest inter-
est m such a measuie as one of the most efficient meansof
seli-pieseivation.''
_ What does that mean ? It is a distinct annun-
ciation by tiie President of the United States that
the abolition of tiie institutions of the slave States
is necessaiy for the picservation of the country.
It is that; nothing more, nothing less. It is a
clear and distinct annunciation that to preserve
our institutions and the Union, you must abolish
the institution of slavety in those States. That
is the object, (lie meaning, the intent. Let us read
a little further:
The leaden of tiie existing insurrection cntfjrtain the
hope that tin* Government will ultimately be foiced to ac-
knowledge the independence of-onie pai t oi'liie dNafTeeted
region, and that all the slave States noith of such pai twill
then bay, 4 the Union for which we have struggled being
already gone, we now choose to go with the southern sec-
tion.' To depiive ihem of this hope substantially ends the
rebellion; and the initiation of emancipation completely
depiivcs them of it as to all the States initiating it."
That language cannot be misunderstood; and,
after that, he treats us with a modest intimation—
I admit very artfully and very cautiously couched
—that if we do not take this offer, something
worse might come; that is, if xve do not choose
to take the meager amount that Congress in its
great liberality may choose to give, there might
exist a contingency in which they would take our
property anyhow.
Again, the President says:
"In the annual message last December I thought fit to
say 'the Union must be preserved? and hence all indis-
pensable means must be employed.' I said this not hastily,
but deliberately. War has been made, and continues to
be an indispensable means to this end. A piaetical ^ac-
knowledgment of the national authonty would rendei the
war unnecessary, and it would at once cea&e, ic, how-
ever, resistance continues, the war must also continue;
and it is impossible to foresee all the incidents which may
attend and all the ruin which may follow it. Such as may
seem indispensable, or may obviously promise gieat effi-
ciency towards ending the &tiuggie, must and will come."
Now comes the modest intimation of the Pres-
ident, and I call it most direct interference:
" The proposition now made, though an offer only, I hope
it may he esteemed no offense to ask whether the pecuni-
ary consideration tendeied would not be of more value to
the States arid piivate persons concerned than ate the in-
stitution and pioperfy m it3 in the present aspect of affairs ?"
What docs he moan by those words "in the
present aspect of affairs?" He told you distinctly
m the previous sentence that the necessity might
exist for abolishing this institution as a Union-
saving scheme.
It is not my purpose to make any extended
remarks on this resolution. I know that it will
pass; but I could not permit it to pass without
making my earnest protest against it. If it does
pass, what will be its effect? As I before stated,
nothing but to agitate, to depreciate, and to injure
the domestic institutions of the border States, for
it affords nothing practical; and I never did and
never will believe that gentlemen representing the
free States of this Union will come here and vote
an adequate compensation to those who may be
depiived of their slaves. If I were a member of
the Senate from a free State, I would not \ote
money out of the national Treasury to buy the
negroes of other people. I would not do it, in
the first place, because I do not believe it is con-
stitutional. 1 do not think we have the constitu-
tional power to devote the money of the public
in that way any more than we should have to de-
vote it to pay the State of Illinois for her horses
or neat cattle. We have no right or power under
the Constitution to do it. Then, as a matter of
policy, if I were a representative from a free State,
I would not do it.
I have heard interpretations of the message
given by some gentlemen of very great distinction
of the extreme anti-slavei y party. I heard a dis-
tinguished membei in the other end of the Cap-
itol give an interpretation of it. He construed it
to mean that if we did not accept this proposition
the Government would take our slaves anyhow.
Well, sir, 1 happened a few nights ago. through
curiosity, to go to the Smithsonian Institution, to
hear a man of some distinction as an orator and
lecturer in this country. I took my seat m the
gallery, and there I heard this man, Wendell
Phillips, for half an hour, and he distinctly an-
nounced, after eulogizing the President very
highly for this message, that the interpretation of
it was simply saying to the border slave State
men: "Gentlemen, if you do not take this we
will take your negroes anyhow." That was the
inteipretation given to it by Mr. Wendell Phil-
; hps. That was the interpretation given to it by
some gentlemen of the House of Representatives,
and that, in my opinion, is the plain, distinct, and
proper interpretation of the message, when you
take it as a whole. Believing that it will result in
no good, but much haim and very srreat mischief,
and believing that it is unconstitutional, I shall
oppose it m every form. As I .said, 1 shall vote
for the amendment of my colleague, because I
think it is better; but should the amendment of
my colleague prevail, I shall vote against the res-
^ olution as amended. In no form in which it can
1 j be fixed shall it receive my support.
\I Mr. LATHAM. Air. Prescient, 1 am very free
j, to say that I believe the motive which prompted
!| the sending of this resolution by the President to
