352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
that they are willing to serve. They are then put
on board the ship.
The consequence of this is, as we can all an-
ticipate, that before the ship has gone fairly out
of.sight of land mutinies arise here and there.
The chcated men find that they are not going, as
they supposed, to some neighboring place for
temporary service, but that they are sent away for
life. I have before me a description of this trade,
which is copied from one of the papers published
in Canton. It would almost seem that these sto-
ries are fabulous. It would seem as though it
could hardly be that in this age men whom we
know could have been engaged in transactions,
properly characterized as these are by men who
witnessed the operations before them. This Can-
ton paper states:
"There are already in existence five places vulgarly
called Chutsze Kwan, or pig-pens." * * * *
"Each barracoon procures its men from swindlers, who
obtain them through deception. The price they pay foi each
head is eight dollars. They frequently puichase and keep
them in readiness, so that one ot these bai racoons may have
seveial tens of men and another seveial hundi eds. They
wait to embark together; and all ate shipped to foreign
countries, where they are resold for perhaps over a hundred
dollars a head." ********
" But how were these men seduced? Plainly at the out-
set, because they are often taken in by swindlers, who
would address them as follows: {I have a relative who
keeps a carpenter shop at Macao. By my recommending
you to his shop you will receive, in the first year, a few
moce per month for your wages. Your apprenticeship will
expire at the end of three years. In that case, your wages
monthly will be four dollars.' Upon seeing a neat andslen-
der fellow, he would say: {1 should like to rccommend you
to a foieign house as servant.' Meeting with the stout and
strong, he would say: 'There are men who would furnish
you with a capital,and I should like to go with you to Cali-
fornia.' FindinghU victim wealthy, talented,'andyoung,
he would accost him and sav: 'I should like to accom-
pany you to see the sights, and take you viftth me to a re-
freshment loom.' Thus he watches oppoitunities, and
adapts himself to ciicumstunces, <>ii)ploying moi cover, im-
meiou-s plans and schemes which cannot be discovered and
stated, to seduce his victim*. When once the simpletons
ciedit his fair speeches, they aie then forthwith accompa-
nied by him through Ti Hing'Kic, (Howquas street.) in Can-
ton, where they step oil boatd a Mac.10 fast boat that serves
as a jail foi ciiminals. On the next day they aie hutned
down to Macao, where, upon landing, they aie taken to the
barraeoons; m these they arc taught"what to say; and as
they pass muster or examination, they are not permitted to
eiy aloud." * *
"Though some who reached this hell on enith asram-t
their own inclination*, yet thev could not help it. For this
leason some undertook to climb our walls, but were recap-
tured by foreign dovils, and were accoulmgly flogged to
death before the rest as a warning. In one of these barra-
eoons some have even gone so far as to commit suicide by
hanging themselves I have known often such cases."
I should like to see figured up the profits of a
voyage of this kind by a ship like the Flora Tem-
ple, that splendid New York clipper ship of two
thousand tons, with one thousand coolies on board.
They cost eight dollars when they are caught,
and may cost, when landed, about twenty-five
dollars each. Then they are sold at prices ranging
from $200 up to $100. Pre!fy good pmfifs for one
voyage! And of all the thousands of men who
have been stolen from China and enslaved at Ha-
vana, we have yet to read the story of the first
.man who has returned to his home.
Now, sir, as to the number of these coolies.
The u-port to which I have referred contains a
statistical table showing the number of coolies
shipped to Cuba alone between the yeais 18-17 and
1859. The whole number of vessels employed in
the trade during that time between the different
ports of China—and mainly, 1 suppose, the illegal
port of Swatou—and Cuba, was IlG, the aggre-
gate tonnage being 90,316. During that time there
were 50,123 coolies shipped from China, 42,501
landed in Cuba, and 7,622 killed by disease or vio-
lence between the departure of the u-sscl from
China and her arrival at Caba. This table does
not include one or two cargoes landed m the same
year, which carried the aggregate up to 50,880.
The deaths duiing that time were. 7,842.
Mr. Speaker, it is not surprising that cargoes
of human beings*, procured in this way, should
hn ve resisted the law which confined them on ship-
board. We find it to be true, therefore—and these
documents arc full of the proofs—that there have
been so many mutinies, so much disturbance and
violence 011 board of vessels, that the public au-
thorities have declared, in some of their corre-
spondence, thai it would soon be necessary, if
some legislation to control it were not adopted, to
have laws passed to protect the officers and mar-
iners on board your ships. The Waverly mutiny
I have spoken of. There are others mentioned
in the papers before me; but I should consume
altogether more of your time than I had intended
to do, if I should refer to them at length. There
are some which ought to be mentioned. The
Kate Hooper, of Baltimore, for instance, sailed
in October, 1857. Her tonnage was 1,488 tons.
She had 650 coolies on board, carrying them from
Macao to Havana. On board that vessel was a
fierce mutiny. Mr. Reed, in writing concerning
it, says:
" I am trying to devise some mode by which I can stop
at the clearing ports this vile tiaffic, which i  contiary to
the laws of China. In order to do so, I shall need pre-
cise statements of facts, and if you can furnish me with
one hi connection with the Kate Hooper, I shall be glad.
The papers here make out the ease woi-se than you do, bad
a* you report it. Let me have the tiuth."
In his letter of January 13, 1858, Mr. Reed re-
fers to another case of the American ship Chal-
lenge, which sailed from Swatou for Havana with
coolies, and was reported as having put into Sin-
gapore, in distress, having infectious disease on
board, and having lost many "passengers."
Mr. Reed writes:
" Such is the almost uniform fate of vessels thus em-
ployed. Sickness, mutiny, and death, in some form of
misery, and the number of laborers which reaches the place
of destination, though large, is, after all but a remnant."
* * * * The voyages are rarely less than four
months, with every extreme of temperature and every va-
riety of exposure."
Mr. Reed then refers to the action of his pred-
ecessors, and to the proclamation of Mr. Parker,
assenting fully to the earnest disapproval by Mr.
Parker of this traffic.
Well, sir, the Flora Temple comes next, not
perhaps in point of time, but looming up above
them ail in point of horror, except that voyage of
the Waverly. The Flora Temple sailed in 1859,
having on board a crew of fifty men, and a cargo
of 850 coolies. She was bound from Macao to
Havana. There was a mutiny at sea. Then the
ship struck and was wrecked. The officers and
crew left her; and of the coolies who were onboard
not a soul survived.
Then comes the Norway, of New York, which
sailed in November, 1859, having one thousand
coolies on board. Her tonnage was two thousand
tons. When she was about five days out there was
a mutiny on board of her, and fire and slaughter.
In the report and documents to which 1 have re-
ferred, the whole story of this vessel may be
found:
"The Norway sailed from Macao, November 26, with
about one thousand coolieson boai d,and wiicn five days out,
at about six o'clock in the evening, the captain being below
at the time, a mutiny bioke out among the coolies, who set
fne to the ship in two places and endeavored to iorce the
hatches. Mr. Stimp-on, of Boston, one of the mates, had
charge of the deck, and the watcii, with the exception of
the man at the wheel, was aloft takinjr in sail. Mr. Sump-
son rushed to the hatch and commenced the snuggle. The
ciew fiom aloft and those bolow, tried to seize the boats
ami lrave the ship, when the Miiseon, an Ensh-h gentlc-
mnn. diew hi< pistol and tiueatemul to shoot the first man
who dated to make that attempt.
u Th" ciew then tallied and went to the assistance of the
officer-*, and alight ensued, which continued fiom pix 111
the evening until aftti da\h<jhl the next 11101 rung. Thirty
of the coohes weie killed and moic than ninety wounded
beiore th<- mutiny wa< quelled. The captain then gave the
eoorfet fine houi todehv;«rup the aun« in their po^sr^sion ;
if they did not, he tli.eatened to cut away the ma-'ts, set file
to the ship, take the boats and provisions and leave them
to their fate. The mutmccis soon came to tarns/'
The message of PtcsidentLincoln and the doc-
uments which accompany it contain the same
stories, and repeat in another form the descrip-
tions of outrage and mutiny and death. In March,
1860, a mutiny took place on board the ship Stag-
hound, of Boston, in the straits of Sunda, while
she was on her way from Swatou to Cuba. This,
however, was a mutiny among the crew, not among
the coolies. There were about four hundred cool-
ies on board that vessel. Lord John Hay, com-
manding a British war vessel, the Odm, was
called upon to quell ihdt mutiny.
Mr. Anthon, the United States consul at Bata-
via, gives the reason why all the mutineers who
were wiUing to return to their duty were allowed
to lemain on board the vessel. Ho says:
•• Tf it i« a^ked why f was willing to allow all th  m^nto '
rejoin the ship if they would leturn to woifc. I would <ay :
that no men were to be obtained lu-re, and'it a!^o-
lutely neces-:uy to get thr ship, with Mich a car^o. out of '
thi« port. Aiieady some five 01 six or the Chinese had died '
ami two bad committed suicide, and I was afraid of some l
di^ea>e breaking out among them, cooped up as they were >
on shipboard "
The lact mutiny occurred on board the Leoni-
das, m February, 1861, while she was at anchor
near Canton. The coolies rose in arms. The mas-
ter and several of the crew were badly wounded.
Several coolies were killed, and some of them
jumped overboard. Here a French frigate and a
British gunboat were requested to aid, and did so
promptly.
The cooly slave trade is still continued, and it
will continue in our own vessels until Congress
shall suppress it. Judge Black, our late Attorney
General, says, in a letter to Mr. Cass, dated March
11, 1859:
*'I am of opinion that such trade (the cooly trade) does
not comc within the provisions of the act of Congress pro-
hibiting the slave trade. All the communications of the
American commissioner show that the cooly trade is some-
times accompanied by cruel chcuirujtftnccs calling tor re-
straint or piohibition. No remedy seem5! to be afforded by
existing laws. The evil is one which Congiess alone can
remedy.-"
The bill before the House attempts its remedy.
It lias been prepared with great care and due con-
sultation with gentlemen intimately acquainted
with ihc character of this trade. I am under
obligation to Dr. Parker for his advice and aid.
While he was our commissioner, he did all within
his power to stop the progress of this business in
American vessels; and his efforts have been fol-
lowed up by those gentlemen who succeeded him
in office. I had intended to state in detail the pro-
visions of the bill; but my time -will not permit it
to be done.
It will be seen that free and voluntary emigra-
tion is not forbidden, nor sought to be prevented.
And that the provisions of law concerning the
carriage of passengers by sea are extended to ves-
sels carrying passengers from one foreign port to
another foreign part.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ELIOT. I hardly thought I had spoken
half an hour. I demand the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question until I can ask
the House to grant me a favor. I was detained
from the House this morning when the resolution
was passed pledging the Government to raise
§150,000,000. I ask leave to have my vote re-
corded against the motion to postpone its consid-
eration, and for tho passage of the resolution.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object. This is a very
bad practice, and J. give notice that I shall here-
after object to any mcmbe'r recording his vote on
any question decided during his absence.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope that the
gentleman will not object to my request. It 13
the first time that I have asked such a favor of the
House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion to thfi gentleman from New York, but I give
notice that I will in the future object to all similar
requests, believing that the practice is a bad one.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object, so far as the motion
to postpone is concerned. The gentleman can
record, his vote upon the passage of the joint res-
olution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I accept that—
a half loaf being better than no bread. 1 ask that
my vote be recorded in the affirmative on the pas-
sago of the joint resolution to which I have re-
ferred.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. I now renew the demand for the
previous question on the engrossment and third
reading of ihe pending bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELlOT demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moveu to reconsider the vote fay
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BULLION, ETC.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the unatii-
