1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress was a proper and a patriotic one. I
have seen nothing in the Chief Magistrate of this
nation that would induce me to believe that he is
governed by any other than an anxious desire to
restore peace to the country, a^id to promote its
best interests.
If a State of the Union had a proposition now
before this body, praying for aid from the Gen-
eral Government to assist in emancipating its
slaves, in a tangible form, I should feel, of course,
that it was my bounden duty to act upon it; but
the proposition now before the Senate is pledg-
ing m advance, on the part of the States where
sla\eiy does not existrthe taxation of their citi-
zens to assist any State who may see lit hereafter
to engage in a general scheme of emancipation.
I know nothing whatever of the wishes of my
constituency in this respect. It is a new propo-
sition. I have no doubt they would go as far as
the citizens of any other of the loyal free States
of the country in assisting any State in removing
an incubus, an affliction, or 111 aid of any propo-
sition that a State might submit for relief from
slavery—the great bone of contention between the
sections—within, of course, the power ofthe Con-
stitution of the country. But, sir, I am not pre-
pared, ay a representative of one of the States on
the Pacific coast, to pledge the people thereof to
submit to any kind of taxation that the Govern-
ment may see fit to impose in a general scheme
of emancipation. This is but an abstract prop-
osition; and, in the absence of any light in rela-
tion to the wishes of the constituency that I rep-
resent, I shall vote in the negative against this
and all similar propositions.
Mr. MORRILL. I am greatly surprised at the
course of this debate. I had supposed it was pos-
sible for somebody in some way to allude to the
subject of shivery without eliciting indignation
or without rendering it a subject for discussion,
for latitudinarian discussion, for discussion in vari-
ous directions, for discussion in which gentlemen
must think it necessary to define their positions.
The honorable Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Da-
vis] thinks tins proposition fraught with so much
mischief that while ho regrets exceedingly that it
is intioduced, he takes occasion to admonish us
on this side of the Chamber, and to repeat—I do
not mean to say it in any offensive sense—what
he has asserted here so often on the floor, how
responsible we are for the troubles in the country
for just such propositions as these, how much
better it would have been if we had confined our-
selves within the legitimate sphere of legislation,
and how much of the many millions that are being
expended are attributable to us and to this sort of
legislation. I have no objection if Senatois think
it proper to repeat this soi t of speeches, time after
time, upon any subject and upon all occasions;
but they must not complain if they are admon-
ished in return that we take different views of this
subject than they do.
Mr. President, how can it be possible that any
Senator here can hold, or that any public man
anywhere can hold, that this simple proposition
ot the President of the United States is an offense
to any one, is an offensive proposition in any
sense, considering the circumstances that surround
us? Here we are in the midst of a gigantic rebel-
lion that shakes the pillars of the Government. It
is produced directly by slavery. Nobody denies
that. Slavery is the main-spring and cause of it.
Slavery in these States has produced the whole of
it. If we are spending millions and hundreds of
millions to maintain t his Government, slavery has
done it. If our men are slaughtered, slavery is
responsible for it.
Now, sir, the Piesident, the first man in the
nation, surveying the whole field of difficulty and
danger, says to the nation, responsive to the great
voice uttered long ago by the Father of his Coun-
try, it is desirable that this nation should be rid
of this great evil. Ho savs it in no offensive sense,
lie does not ask the Confess of i he United States
to legislate on the subject; he does not ask that
we should put it in the form of legislation; but as
a statesman standing at the head of t he nation and
surveying the whole field of difficulties, he inti-
mates to the slave States whether it is not an op-
pui tune tune to considet the question, and whether
Con^re^s being the source of all power in this
countiy, will not so far adopt his suggestion as
to commit itself in some degree to these slave
States or to the nation-, in other words, that the
legislature of the nation will embody the senti-
ments of the President of the United States, that
it is well now, amid these difficulties and while
the nation understands its great troubles and the
cause of these troubles, that the nation should
consider whether it is not wise to devise some
plan for the legitimate extinction of slavery in so
many of the States as are willing to adopt it. I
cannot conceive that such a proposition as that is
offensive, or can possibly be offensive to any man
or any class of men who have not made up their
minds that above all things, Constitution, coun-
try, everything, they hold slavery to be supreme.
They will stand on that, no matter what becomes
of the country. They will not only resist all
legislation on the subject, but they will treat with
scorn and contempt every invitation to consider
the subject. That is the attitude in which Sena-
tors place themselves here. They are indignant
that the President of the United States proposes
that these States in their own way shall consider
whether it is not expedient to get rid m the future
of the cause of our present troubles.
Having said so much, sir, on the subject gen-
erally, I want to add just another word, and that is,
tliat it seems to me the propriety of the thing is,
if we are to give legislative expression to this voice
of the President, we should give it in his own
words, in the words he proposes to us. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BROWNING (when Mr. Rice's name
was called) said: The Senator fiom Minnesota,
whose name has just been called, has been con-
fined to his room for a week past with severe ill-
ness, and he requested me to make thatannounce-
mcnt to the Senate, if his name should be called,
as explanatory of his absence.
The result was then announced—yeas 4, nays
34; as follows:
YGAS—Messrs. Davis, Henderson, Powell, and Wilson
ot Mi^souti—4.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Anthony. Btowiung, Cailile, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Grimes?, Hale, Ihulan, llaiti-?, Howard, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of K.uivib, Latham, Mcl)ou<?all, Moiriit,
Pometoy. Simmons!, Static, Sumner, TenEyek, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey, VVilmol, Wil&on of Massachu-
setts, and Wiujht—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offeran amend-
ment, to insert at the end of the resolution the
following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
stiucd to imply a willingness on the part of Congress that
any of the Stales now composing the Union "-hail be per-
mitted to withdraw peimanently their allegiance to the
Government; but it hereby deviated to be the duty of the
eountiy to pto^eenie the war until the Constitution shall
have been restored over every State pioi'esMiig to have
sceoded.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but four
Senators seconding the call.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table. I desire to say something
upon it; but I do not feel able to do so to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 take it the gentleman
does not really mean to lay it on the table. He
means to postpone it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the Senator
means to postpone until to-morrow, as he wants
to speak upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
so vary his motion ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
j The motion was agreed to: and the further con-
j sideration of the resolution was postponed until
I to-morrow.
| SLAVERY IN TIIB DISTRICT.
j The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
' resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. I08j
i for the please of certain persons held to service
| or labor m the District of Columbia, the pending
i question being on the amendment proposed by
i Mi. Saulsbury, to insci t as an additional section:
I Jlndbe it fnithcr enacted, That the &aid persons libeiated
i under tins act shall, within thirty days after the passage ot
the same, be removed at the expense of the Federal Gov-
ernment into the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont, New
York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, lovva, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, (Oregon,
and California, and that said persons shall be distributed to
and among the said States fro rata, according to the pop-
ulation ofthe same. . j
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I am-pre-
pared upon this, as upon all other questions," to
conform my action to the plain dictates of justice
and of right. I believe that no one questions the
constitutional power of Congress to abolish sla-
very i n the District of Columbia, except the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis;] nor have -I
heard it asserted on this floor that the bill now
before the Senate is, either in detail or in its gen-
eral scope, in contravention of any principle of
constitutional law. I do not believe that the
measure in question is violative of any great prin-
ciple of justice or humanity, or that it essentially
violates those lofty principles by which nations
as well as individuals should be governed.
But, sir, it is opposed by gentlemen on the
grounds of expediency; and we are warned in
tones not altogether destitute of passion and pre-
judice, of the evil consequences which will result
from the freedom of the slaves of this District.
Believing, as I do, that human slavery is the great
sin of this country, that it is in violation of every
principle of justice and of truth, that its influence
upon this country, and upon the world, has a tend-
ency alike to encourage everything that is evil,
and to repress everything that is good in the State;
that its evil influences are visited alike upon the
master and the slave; that it affects us for evil hi
our political as well as in our social relations, and
that it is the primary cause of the wicked rebel-
lion which has risen up against the constitutional
authorities of the Government, I feel bound, by
every vote which I am called upon to give, and
by every word which I may utter upon this ques-
tion, to do everything in my power towards its
final extinction; and, so far as my influence goes,
to blot out the last remains of slavery on this con-
tinent.
Thus believing, I cannot place expediency in
the scales against justice, nor shall 1 fail to per-
form a simple duty for fear of the consequences
which may result from such action. I believe
with the hero of New Orleans, that " the right is
always expedient." Indeed, it is safer to follow
the unerring light of truth than to blunder along
in the uncertain, devious path of expediency.
The bill before the Senate provides for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia. It
goes no further; it does nothing more; it does not
propose to interfere with the institution in any of
the States, nor does it in anywise affect the rela-
tion of master and slave in any portion of the
communities beyond the limits of this District.
If there is a place upon the face of the earth
where human slavery should be prohibited, and
where every man should be protected in the rights
which God and nature have given him, that place
is the capital of this great Republic. It is an in-
sult to the enlightened public sentiment of the age,
that those who meet here from the free States of^
j the Union, and the representatives of the free
| Governments of the earth—lovers of liberty—
J should he compelled in the capital of this free Re-
! public daily to witness the disgusting and shock-
; mg barbarities which a state of human slavery
' continually presents to their view. It is a shame
1 that here, upon common ground, the representa-
; tives ofthe loyal and free North, those who have
! never failed to discharge every duty to their coun-
i try, should be tieated with contumely and con-
; tempt, and even hissed, ns they have been m the
' Capitol of the nation, and in the galleries of the
Senate, bv the slaveholding influence of this Dis-
trict.
Yea, more, when the hour of peril came upon
the country, when acts of treason followed each
other in quick and rapid succession, when the
slaveholders were stabbing at the very heart of
the nation, when the heavf ns were all black with
the impending storm, and no one knew whither
to turn to escape the coming danger, we were here
sunounded by slaveholding traitors who were
daily plotting for the destruction of the Govern-
ment which had fed them. A little more than a
year ago these galleries were daily filled with a
mob ready to cheer every eulogy pronounced for
slavery and to applaud every utterance of trea-
