1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3295
found due; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby re-
-juired to pay the same to the said Carmack & Ramsey out
Df any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Under that section the matter was referred to the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, who at that time
was Mr. Whittlesey. Before Mr. Whittlesey had
concluded the investigation in full and had audited
their accounts, he was succeeded by'Mr. Medill.
Mr. Medill took the ground that there was no con-
tract entered into with these parties, that it was
only a conditional one, that the conditions were
never complied with by Congress, and that they
have therefore no right to any claim whatever upon
the Government; and Lhis view of the case was
sustained by the Attorney General.
But the decisions of Mr. Medill, the First Comp-
troller, the Postmaster General, and thU'Attorney
General, were based upon the fact that the condi-
tion in the contract, in the absence of any action
of Congress, rendered it a nullity. Mr. Whittle-
sey, on the contrary, contends that the act of Con-
gress is mandatory upon him,and that it is no re-
sponse to the act of Congress to declare that there
was no contract and therefore itmust bedismissed
without examination, for Congress, by its very
act, settled the question by recognizing it as a con-
tract anil commanding the Comptroller to adjust
and settle the damages upon the principles ofl'aw,
equity, and justice. The Postmaster General is
authorized to matte contracts, and having made
this with the condition that it should not have
effect until confirmed by Congress, and yut coun-
tenancing and encouraging immediate action 011
their pan, it seems to me that Congress wisely
concluded that it partook of the nature of a con-
tract, and that the parties were entitled in equity
to consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
whether this claim has ever been before the Post
Office Commuted?
Mr. ALLEY. It has.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And how re-
ported on by them ?
Mr. ALLEY. They reported against it.
A Member. And several times rejected by the
House.
Mr. ALLEY. Only once rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman whether the House didnotafew days ago
reject this claim r
Mr. ALLEY. The House did reject the claim,
and if the gentleman will allow me, 1 will pro-
ceed very briefly (o state the facts of the case.
1 think it is necessary, in order that the House
may fully understand the case, to go rapidly over
the points of the ease, in order that the facts may
be fully before the House, and for the vindication
of our report. I believe that the proposition made
by the committee of conference is just and right,
although entered into as a matter of compromise.
It contains my views precisely, as uttered at the
time the matter first came before the Post Office
Committee.
I was going on to say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the First Comptroller of the Treasury, (Mi.
Medill,) and the Attorney General, all concurred
in the opiiiioli that 110 contract had been entered
into, or at least 110 such contiact as was legally
binding upon the Government.
Well, sir, 1 ain willing to admit, for argument
sake, that, according'to the technical rules of law,
no such contiact had been enteied into. 1 renud
these parties as having no legal claim but fovthe
subsequent action of Congress. Yet i will say
that that subsequent action gives these men a claim
fordainages, not upon technical and legal grounds,
but upon the punciples of equity a mi justice.
Upon that ground, I do believe that these parties
have a just and valid claim upon the Government,
and that j 11st and valid claim goes to the extent of i
damages t'01 the expenses incurred up to the 9th :
day of July, 1853, when they were notified by the |
Postmastei General that this contract was abro- j
gated, or rather, that he disappioved of the con- .
tract. That is the ground, and the only ground, I
upon which I plaee it. I will say that the other 1
branch of Congiess were almost unanimously of
the opinion that it was a valid claim.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man tiom .Massachusetts permit me to ask him a
question ?
AXi. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS,of Missouii. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether the contract to
•which he refefS, entered into by Mr. Hubbard,
then Postmaster General, and abrogated by Post-
master General Campbell, was not a conditional
contract, not to be valid until approved by Con-
gress, by making an appropriation for carrying
it out?
Mr. ALLEY. I have just stated that that was
the condition upon which it was entered into. But
it was entered into, I believe, from what investi-
gation I have been able to give to the facts of the
case and from the records, in perfect good faith
upon their part and upon the part of thePostmas-
ter'General. It was the understanding with both
parties that Carmack & Ramsey should go on
and incur expenditures and receive the mails until
Congress should sanction the arrangement. If
Congress had, in its wisdom, concluded that it
was an improper or an unwise contract, these par-
ties, in my judgment, had 110 right to expect any
consideration beyond the amount of expenditure
made up to that time. The contract was, I repeat,
entered into in perfect good faith, and the parties
made the expenditure in good faith under the con-
tract.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to know
whether the stipulation I have'stated was not in
the contract as the condition on which alone it
was to be val id, that Congress was first to approve
it by an appropriation for carrying it into effect?
Mr- ALLEY. I have said over and over again
that it was; but if the gentleman will allow me I
will proceed to state the reason why, in the judg-
ment of the committee of conference, or at least
in my own judgment, these parties have neverthe-
less a valid claim.
1 will state that, in the judgment of many gen-
tlemen of groat legal eminence in this Congiess,
this is a perfectly legal as well as justclaim, made
so by the subsequent action of Congress. So far
as that proposition is concerned, I neither assent
nor dissent; but I do say that if wo. are to be gov-
erned by considerations of equity and justice, these
parties, having entered into this arrangement with
a fair and full understanding with the"Postmaster
General that they should go 011 and make these
expenditures and leceive the mails, although it
may have been done at their own lisk, it does not
become this great Government, under these cir-
cumstances, if they have expended the money in
good faith for the benefit of the Government, to
withhold from them indemnity for the expenses
thus incurred upon a merequestioii oftechnicality.
Congress passed a law in 185G by which it must
be inferred that they considered at the time there
was some claim in justice and equity.
Mr. 1(. A. CONtCLING. What law was that?
Mr. ALLEY. I have read the law once, and I
will read it again lor the benefit of the gentleman
if he desires.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether there is a claim for any service per-
formed since the action of Congress?
Mr. ALLEY. No service was rendered after
this action of Congress for which any claim is pre-
sented for indemnity. All the service which the
committee of confneuce are willing those parties
should receive pay for, is the service lendered pre-
vious to the notification issued 011 the 9th of Julv.
1853. ' '
The parties claim that they are entitled to dam-
ages for the whole amount they have expended.
The committee of conference agreed to a compro-
mise that they should receive no pay for any ex-
penses incurred after the 9th day of July, 1853,
when the notice was given, and they have reported
the sum of $98,000; not that they question at all
the integi ity, wisdom, impartiality or economical
propensity of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Whittlesey, but in consequence of the
statements which have been made that this com-
pany had presented an enormousclairn,amounting
to some 000,000, and that Mr. Whittlesey had
recognized the justice and validity of theclaim. I
will state, howevei, that I am here authorized to
say that Mr. Whittlesey takes no such we \v of the
case; but in view of the fact that such a statement
had been made, the committee were of opinion that
it would be moie satisfactory to confine them to
an amount which 11 less than that wjnch has been
proved under oath as the amount of the expendi-
ture made by them, to wit, $98,000.
The be 11 ate, it will lie observed, passed this
joint resolution that, under the sixth section of an
aet entitled " An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857, ap-
proved August 18, 1856, no amount shall be al-
io wed or paid exceeding in all the sum of$180,000."
To this resolution the'House'non-concurred, and
passed an amendment recommending a repeal of
that sixth section of the act of 1856. To this
the Senate would not agree; apd we found in the
conference committee that there was no chance
whatever for an agreement between the two
Houses; jind the committee, after a full and thor-
ough investigation and discussion of the case,came
to the conclusion that they would agree, with one
single exception, to the report which has now
been submitted.
Mi. EDWARDS. How much was the amount
claimed by these contractors?
Mr. ALLEY. I understand the amount claimed
was $1,600,000.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I understand that
they claim that enormous amount upon what never
was a contract.
Mr. ALLEY. They regard it as a contract.
They were advised by their counsel that it was
a contract. Some of the most eminent legal gen-
tlemen in both Houses of Congress have said to
me that they regarded it as a contract, and the
subsequent action of Congiess had the effect to
confirm it as a contract. Under that act of Con-
gress they claimed $1,600,000.
Mr. BLAKE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman Horn Massachusetts, I will interpose a sin-
gle remark.
Mr. ALLEY. Let me answer one question at
a time. I understand tha^ they have claimed that
they have expended something like two hundred
and sixty-odd thousand dollars in preparing the
route, in fixing roads, in buying coaches and
mules, in building bridges and purchasing steam-
boats, and in 1 know not what. I do not know
exactly what the amount is, nor do 1 undertake
to say that they have any claim at all for one single
dollar, and neither does Mr. Whittlesey. The
proposition is to put this thing into the hands of
Mr. Whittlesey to allow and adjust the claim
upon principles of law, equity, and justice. He
may think that they have 110 claim at all. I do
not know that they have. My position is this,
and it was my position before the committee and •
in the House, and I have not changed it since.
When I heaid the case first discussed in the
committee, I had no knowledge of the facts in-
volved, and after hearing them all, I came to this
opinion: that they were entitled, under the law of
Congress, to the amount that they had actually ex-
pended, or rather lost, subject to the deduction of
all they had received from the sale of property
which they had at the time the notice was given
to them that the contiact was disapproved of by
the Government. That was my judgment then,
and it is my judgment now. If they had lost
$98,000, they ought to'have it paid back to them;
and if they expended §98,000 and have received
!£dO,000 for the sale of the property which they
had on hand, they are, I say, entitled to have re-
funded to them by the Government the balance,
namely, $4tf,000. i understand Mr. Whittlesey
to take that view of the case; and the proposition*
is, that he shall give lus judgment exactly on the
facts in that way.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
ask my colleague whether there is anything going
to show that these contractors ever performed any
part of their contract.
Mr. ALLEY. So far as it appears from the
record, it is to be inferred that they did; for, on
the 7th of March the Postmaster General directed
that when they were ready, the mails should be
given to them. When they had gone on and put
themselves in a position by this expenditure to
carry those mails, as was agieed on, they ought
to^havo been given to them; but on the following
9tn ot July, on application for the mails, they
were told by the then Postmaster, Mr. Campbell,
who succeeded Mr. Hubbard, that be disapprovtd
of the contract. So far from iecommending to
Congress to carry out the contract, as they con-
tend he was bound in good faith to do, he posi-
tively recommended to the next Congress to ab-
rogate the contiact.
I contend that the contract was made in good
faith as appears from t he i eeordund the testimony,
that the nature of the contract was such that ac-
tion and expenditure was contemplated by the
