3296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12.
Department before an appropriation could be made
by Congress; for it appears it could not be devel-
oped, and the practicability of the route estab-
lished without preliminary action and a large ex-
penditure; and such being the case, the condition
in equity at least, only extended to the continu-
ance of the contract. But the Postmaster General
having notified the parties in July that the Gov-
ernment disapproved of the contract, and instead
of leaving the matter to the impartial action of
Congress, uninfluenced by the Department, the
Postmaster General, as I have said before, ad-
vised Congressstronglyagainstit, This, perhaps,
was his duty if that was his judgment, but it cer-
tainly was unfortunate for these contractors, and
justly entitles them to compensation up to the time
while ihey were acting in good faith, that the Gov-
ernment notified them of their disapproval of the
contract. It seems that Congress, by its subse-
quent action, recognized it as a valid contract, to
tne extent, at least, of having a claim in equity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe that I have stated
all of the chief facts m the case, and unless my
colleague on the committee desires to say some-
thin?, I will call for the previous question.
Mr. BLAICE. I do desire to say .something m
opposition to the adoption of this report.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield, then, for an explanation
from my colleague.
Mi. BLAKE. I do not want to make an ex-
planation. This case was once examined here
very elaborately.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to the
gentleman yielding the floor, unless he yields it
unconditionally. I ant entirely opposed to this
system of faj mmg out the floor.
Mr. BLAKE. I am also a member of the com-
mittee, and 1 do not know why I should not be
heard.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. BLAKE. This question was examined
very elaborately the other day by the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and after a full, free, and fair presentation of all
the facts involved, the House almost unanimously
voted it down. I think, sir, that this case has been
examined by almost every Department of thoGov-
ernment, and that by almost every Department of
the Government it has been rejected as a fraudu-
lent claim, films been rejected by all the Postmas-
ters General, from Postmaster General Campbell
to the present Postmaster General. It was re-
ferred, under the sixth section of the act of Con-
gress of 1856, to the then Comptroller oftheTreas-
uiy, bnt he did not have tune to examine it, fully,
and left it to his successor, Mr. Medill, who de-
cided, in the report which he made, that these con-
tractors were entitled to no damages at all. Oilier
elaborate reports have since been made, announ-
cing the same conclusion—that these parties were
not entitled to one mill under the contract.
Now, sir, what was thecontract? Let any man
look at it for himself. Here it is expressly stip-
ulated that this contract shall not be considered
to be iu force until Congress shall ratify it. It
goes on in pother clause and says that it is dis-
tinctly understood that this contract shall have no
vitality or force until Congress shall approve of
it and make an appropriation therefor. Here,
then, is the whole case.
The gentleman says that they made large ex-
penditures. What if they did ? Is there any proof
that the Government ever approved of those ex-
penditures? Never, to my knowledge, or the
knowledge of the conference committee. In not
one single instance did the Government appiove
of their carrying the mails. The appropriation
foilf.s'do nor show that those expenditures were au-
thorized by the Government. On the contrary, m
every instance that these gentlemen undertook to
enforce this pretended contract for carrying the
mails, they were notified by Mr. Campbell that
the contract was disappioved of by the Depart-
ment. it is known to gentlemen who have ex-
amined the matter that this contract was made on
the iast day of Mr. Fillmore's administration, and
that the papeis were signed on the 7th day of
March. Mr Campbell, when he came into office,
disapproved of it; and since that day i think that
there has been no action of the Government ap-
proving of it.
Mr. ALLEY. The contract was not made on
the last day of Mr. Fillmore's administration.
Mr. BLAICE. It wasin February preceding the
March at which Mr. Fillmore went out of office.
Mr. ALLEY. It was made on the 15th of Feb-
ruary, on proposals issued by the Department. It
was given to them, as the lowest bidders, on the
35th of February, and the contract was signed by
them on the 25th of February, and by Mr. Hub-
bard, the Postmaster General, on the3d of March.
He did not retire from office until the 7th or 8th of
March, and it was on the 7 th of March that he gave
the orders for them to carry the mails, under the
contract which had previously been entered into
between them and the Government, in accordance
with the ptovisions of law.
Mr. BLAKE. There is no difference between
us upon that subject. I sfiid it was made during
the last days of Mr. Fillmore's administration,
and he only confirms what I said.
Another thing in relation to this contract. The
advertisement soliciting proposals for carrying the
mail upon this line contains the stipulation that
the contract was first to be approved by the Con-
gress of the United States before it should have
any validity or force. That is the fact, and I
am glad my colleague called my attention to the
advertisement for bids under proposals to carry
the mail upon this line, because here due notice
was given to the parties that this contract was to
have no force or be binding upon Congress at all
until Congress approved it. They never have
approved it.
it is said that the sixth section of the act of July,
185G, was binding upon thisCongiess. It is said
that by that section it v/as found that there was a
contiact, that it was abrogated, and that in conse-
qucncc of that abrogation, there must damages fol-
low to the party in interest here.
But Attorney General Black took an entirely
different view of this subject; and now, to my
friend from Massachusetts, who has expatiated
somewhat upon the honesty and integrity of Mr.
Whittlesey, I will say that I have nothing to say
against him. I know him well,aud a more honest
man does not live; but an honest man may some-
times mistake in the construction of a law. The
reason why I object to referring this matter to Mr.
Whittlesey is, not that I doubt his honesty or
intelligence, hut because, from a conversation I
have had, I know he believes he is estopped from
going behind the art of Congress of July, 1856;
that that act decided that a contiact was made,
that the contract was abiogated, and that there
were damages. And because I know that these
parties, and the papers they themselves piesent,
show are not entitled to one cent, I am opposed
to submitting this matter to any man who by any
possibility will give them one mill.
Another thing: when these parties first made
their claim upon the Government, they presented
a claim for $1,800,000. In their statement of ac-
count they claimed for prospective damages, that
is for what they would nave made outside of car-
rying the mails—$31,700 a month—and that the
$424,000 which they were to have for carrying
the mails was clear net profit.
And yet, in the face of that statement, they come
here and ask us to award them damages for the
abrogation of a contract which would give them
$31,000 a month, independent of carrying the
mail.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This case is an
old acquaintance, dating back to the year 1853 or
1854, and it has no vitality in it, except that given
to it by cormorants and greedy claim agents. At
the time the contract was made, we had established
a postal communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific occans by way of the Isthmus of Panama.
There were persons who claimed that they held
a grant of a right of way across the Isthmus of
Tehuan tepee, and also the Isthmus of Nicaragua.
Those claimants said the mails could be trans-
ported in a shorter time from the Atlantic to the
Pacific coast than by way of the Isthmus of
Panama. They made their proposition to Con-
gress, that Congress should authorize the trans-
portation of the mails by one or the other of
those two routes. Congress refused to sanction
it. They^ appealed, however, to the Postmaster
General, just* as his term of office was expiring
that he should make an additional contract for the
transportation of the mails by another route to the
Pacinccoast. Yielding to their solicitation, and in
order to exonerate the Government from any lia-
bility , he stipulated in that contract that the par-
ties should have no claim whatever upon the Gov-
ernment for any compensation, nor should it be
deemed a valid contract until it had received the
approval of Congress. And he had no authority
to make any other kind of con tract for ocean mail
service.
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to ask a question of the
gentleman from Missouri. I understand the gen-
tleman to say that this contract was given these
parties upon urgent solicitation by them to the
Postmaster General. 1 ask the gentleman if he
knows that fact of his own knowledge, because it
appears upon the record entirely different, and
every statement which I ever heard made in con-
nection with this question is" of an opposite char-
acter. The gentleman having been in Congress
at that time, I believe, and knowing the circum-
stances of the case, perhaps may have knowledge
upon the subject which I have no cognizancc of.
If the gentleman's statement is correct, the facts
are contrary to the record, and contrary to every
statement I ever heard made in connection with it.
On the contrary, it appears from the record, and
so it has been stated, and I never heard the state-
ment contradicted, that the contract was made in
accordance with an act of Congress, and by the
voluntary action ofthe Administration, which con-
ceived this to be a better route than the other.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I speak from my
impressions and recollections. I have not ex-
amined this question for some time past; but I
recollect that there were competing routes about
that time, and persons were here soliciting Con-
gress to interpose and give them a contract for
ocean mail service by other routes than the Isth-
mus ofPanama to thePacific coast. The induce-
ment for the Government to <*Tnbark in this was
that mail matter would be transported in a shorter
time to the Pacific coast than by the present route.
Mr. WEBSTER. Is it not a fact, in reference
to this case, that the Post Office Department ad-
vertised for proposals for carrying the mails, and
that these parties were the successful bidders un-
der a public advertisement?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The law was this:
the Postmaster General was authorized to invite
proposals for ocean mail service wherever he
deemed proper, but he could make no contract
until Congress gave sanction to the stipulation
made. Under that authority proposals were in-
vited. If that gives any vitality to the contract
made by the Postmaster General, I would like to
know it.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. Allow me one
moment. I agree entirely with everything the
gentleman from Missouri says, and after listening
to the very candid statement of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] I think there is not
the shadow of a foundation upon which to rest
any gift or payment to these men. But I will
thank the gentleman from Missouri if he will be
good enough to make a statement upon this other
point: I find there is in the minds of some gentle-
men the idea that the Postmaster General, or some
peison on behalf of the Government, either in-
duce^ these parties to do something pending the
consummation of thecontract or else suffered them
to do something; or, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts puts it in his question to his colleague,
had notiee or knowledge of some kind that the
claimants were acting upon the faith of this con-
tract, and that thus some irregular sort of equity
has grown up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My understand-
ing is this: the contract was made by the Post-
master General just as his term of service expired.
A new Postmaster General came into office, simul-
taneous with the making the contract. Permission
was given that they might carry the mail, but they
were notcommandedtodoso. When this fact came
to the notice of the successor of Mr. Hubbard, Mr.
Campbell, he declared that it was no contract, that
he would not abide by it, and that the Government
could not be held responsible unless Congresscon-
fiimed the validity of that contract, and he so
notified the parties.
I have thus far spoken of the contract. I now
come to their proceedings. Carmack & Ramsey
besieged Congress for remuneration, urging that
they had suffered damages; that they had trans-
ported the mails—at their own solicitation, be it
remarked, and not at the command of the Govern-
ment. They rendered whatever service they per-
formed, for the purpose of demonstrating that the
