1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
taint? A judicial attaint. Congress cannot attaint
at all, and forfeiture for treason only follows a
judicial attaint, and that for life. That clause was
put in the Constitution in the light of the history
of legislative attaints. Wc had the large and ample
experience of the mother country on that subject.
The enlightened men who framed the Constitu-
tion despised that whole course of judicial murder
and judicial robbery. It was odious to those good
men who laid the foundation of our liberty in the
Federal Constitution. Our statute law, passed in
pursuance of the power conferred on Congress,,
repudiated forfeiture altogether. Our calmest and
wisestjunsts condemn it, and deplore the madness
which alone in times of excitement makes use of it.
The English law, at the adoption of our Constitu-
tion, limited the forfeiture for life. Did our wise
ancestors intend a more prescriptive rule? In
authorizing Congress to fix the punishment for
treason they bad, as Justice Story tells us, a dou ble
purpose in view, one of which was" to limit the for-
feiture to the life of the criminal. "The whole argu-
ment lies m a nut-shell; and it seems to me that even
the least intelligent mind could not err in constru-
ing this clause of the Constitution, if unbiassed by
passion orprejudice. The iustrumentdeclaresthat
while Congress shall have no power to attaint, an
attainder shall not work corruption of blood, or
forfeiture beyond the life of the criminal. Can Con-
gress confer a greater power 011 the courts than it
possesses, or they can exercise ? Perhaps an ar- .
gumcnt miglitbe made to show that while this is
so, the State Legislatures may have power, in
cases of felony or other crimes of a less magnitude
than treason, to confiscate the property of an indi-
vidual, and not for his life only. The Constitution
has limited forfeiture in case of the crime of treason
only. The reason is plain. Treason is a political
offense; and parties in power, or a tyrannous king
in times past, had carried this thing of forfeiture
too far, and made it the vehicle of vengeance against
defeated adversaries. Therefore it was that our
ancestors have wisely limited forfeiture to the life
of the offender.
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss even that ques-
tion. I have arisen to throw out a tew obvious
reflections on the policy proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and to say to the House that if
you are really anxious for the defeat of the rebel-
lion and the preservation of the Union, the worst
course that you can puisue, in my humble judg-
ment, is to attempt to confiscate the slaves or other
property of the inhabitants of the rebel States. 1
declare that confiscation, without emancipation, is
odious to mo in all Us forms. X o strike down the
ownership of property in eleven Slates is mon-
strous; to proscribe the multitude and millions is
gigantic wickedness without example. I declare
that confiscation, with emancipation, is doubly
odious to me, and never can be acceptable to my
people. They will resist it by all lawful means,
and to the death.
It has been said that the State of Kentucky
wants to dictate to the Government of the United
States. I hear gentlemen talk m that way, and 1
see it in the newspapers. Mi. Chairman,I beg to
disabuse the minds of members of any such iuea.
Kentucky does not want to dictate. Kentucky
will be too happy to follow the constitutional lead
of the gallant sons of the nation who have arisen
for the defense of the flag of the Union; and she
will follow that flag through the red baptism of
blood, 011 all the fields where the Army of the
Union may encounter rebellion. Kentucky does
not want to dictate. She was the last to come into
this war; for she knew to what excesses civil wars
are prone to go. She did not want the blood of
her countrymen on her garments. She struggled
as long as she could struggle for peace and fra-
ternity. She sought to reconcile differences be-
fore they should lead to that bloody struggle where
brothers' blood would run down like Abel s, and
cry from the ground to Heaven for vengcmiec
She sought to avoid this war; none none would
Ksten to Pier-all rushed madly on Herpastcareer
proves liovv conservative she has hed ' , Jv
to the Union when a strange madness swept other
States away; but still her feelings were with the
people of the slave States. The long and w'eked
strife about slavery had made its marks upon i r
feelings of her sons. She suffered more than all
the rest of the slave States 111 losses of slave prop
erty from the cruel agitation. The single?
in which I live has lost more slaves than all the
cotton States put together. Still she stood with
the free States, while eleven sisters rushed into the
ruin and infamy of disunion. Kentucky saw her
mother—old Virginia, whose name the late Sec-
retary of War would obliterate from all that soil
which early and ineffaceable history stamps for-
ever as Virginia—depart 011 the accursed and ruin-
ous path of rebellion; and while only Maryland
and Missouri were held trembling in the grasp of
the Government, she stood erect, resolved, and
faithful. She came into the contest at last, and
although a considerable fraction of her people had
gone into the ranks of treason, although honored
names—a Breckinridge, a Marshall, and many
men of renown in thatStatp—had gone into rebel-
lion, drawing after them many false and bastard
sons; still, when the momentcame, and Kentucky
had to take her stand, she grasped the sword of
the Union, and entered into the contest. And ill
forty days she put as many men into the field as
Massachusetts, not less gallant and patriotic than
the foremost. She put twenty-eight regiments in
the field, and even asked Congress to permit her
to raise twenty more.
Those who say that Kentucky wants to dictate
to the Government of the United States, and who
asseit also that she has as many soldiers in the
war on the side of the rebellion as she has on the
side of the Government, misread currentand fixed
facts. It is not so. I doubt whether she has four
thousand men in the field on the side of the rebel-
lion. I defy any man to show that she has five
thousand. And yetKentucky has thirty thousand
of her true citizcns battling on the side of the
Union. Among them may be found many names
famous in her history; even the insulted name of
Marshall is brightened by the valor and loyalty of
its best blood displayed already on stricken fields.
It would be invidious to enumerate names; hut I
must not forget Jackson, our gallant colleague on
this floor, who is m the field proving by the tender
of his life his love for the Union. They offer up
their lives for a common counti y, trusting that the
people of the North will be just ami truthful and
magnanimous, and will not take advantage of the
present war to destroy the Constitution, Africanize
southern society, and compel even Kentucky per-
chance to rebel. We quit these traitors of the
revolted States. We gave them up when they
gave up the Constitution and the Union, and we
ranged ourselves with the people of the States that
stood forth for the nation. Shall we not be hcaid
now when with modest courage we appeal to
written law and plighted faith, to piesent peril and
future ruin, agamsta fatal policy, and without the
charge of dictation ? Y es, gentlemen, we knew the
risk wc ran when, deserted by our natural sup-
porters, we remained faithful to our history and
traditions; but we trusted to your magnanimity,
we trusted to your fairness, we trusted to your
Chicago platform declaration, we trusted to your
unanimous vote in this House that you had no
power and no intent to interfere with slavery in
the States, we trusted to your willingnes even to
amend the Constitution, by the joint resolution
which you passed by a two-thirds vote of both
Houses of Congress, forever depriving Congress
of the power to interfere with slavery 111 the Slates:
we trusted to you ill all these things that you woulu_
aid us to uphold the honor and high integrity ot
the Union, and preserve the Constitution unim-
paired. Now, then, after the failure of the vain
boast of South Carolina, that she would drag us
after her; after she has failed to dra^ Kentucky
into a confederacy with her as she said she would
when she set out in this lcbellion, scorning to con-
sult other States; after Kentucky has lemampd
firm, notwithstanding that ten ot her southern sis-
ters have gone with South Carolina, and is now
clinging to sister States for strength, we want to
kno'w of the people of the North if they aie going
to unclasp the loving arms of Kentucky, and fling
her into that vortex which has swallowed so many
kindred States? I toll you,gentlemen who favor
the policy advocated to-day by the gentleman fi oni
Ohio, that you mean 110 less than this, and will
be responsible before the tribunal of histoiyfoi
the result. It will be said it was not the valor
and policy of treason that wrecked the Republic,
but the folly and treachery of loyalty.
You are for confiscation and for emancipation,
you say, in order to destroy the resources of the
rebellion, and put an end to it; but none of these
distinguished gentlemen have ever told us how
that course was going to have the effect of putting
an end to the rebellion. They deal in vaguegen-
erahties—"strike rebellion in-its weak point,"
"cutoff their main resources," &c. How are
you going to do it? You say it will not result in
a slave insurrection; you say you do not want to
put John Brown's pikes in the hands of the slaves
to murder our white population. You do not want
to do these things. Well, then, how do you pro-
pose, by carrying out your course of policy, to
put an end to the rebellion? How, except by a
slave insurrection ? That is what the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] means; that is what
the distinguished gentleman who represents in this
House the Lancaster districtof Pennsylvania, the
leader of the House, [Mr. Stevens,] means; that
is what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Jul-
ian] means; that is what the late Simon Cameron
meant, when, in his report which he prepared to
accompany the President's message, he said he
was for arming the slaves.
Sir, is it true that you cannot put down the white
population in the rebelliods States by the strong
arm of the white population of the loyal States,
that you talk about arming the slaves ? Will you
place upon the records of history the acknowledg-
ment that twenty and odd millions of us cannot
overcome one third that number without invoking
the help of slaves and this institution of slavery,
which you say is a weakness and a curse to those
who have it? It is a vile slander upon the loyal men
and the power of this nation. It is a confession of
weakness felt only by cowards. Sir, we will put
this rebellion down, if gentlemen will not put in this
apple of discord to divide us. Let the friends of
the Union gather round its standard, and do what
it becomes brave and patient men to do; let them
do as the greatness of the cause calls upon them
to do; and wc will teach the leaders of this rebel-
lion a bloody lesson. Overthrown in battle, they
shall wander, melancholy and degraded, exiles
in a foreign land, or they shall deliver up their
accursed lives to the judgment of the courts of the
country. It can be done, and it shall be done; the
fortune of the Republic and the bravery of her
sons and the wisdom of her Government wills it.
There are enough freemen in the West who are
determined to preserve this Union to do it; and
they will do it. The States of the Mississippi
cannot part. God, when he formed this country
in geologic seas, decreed its perpetual amity and
union. No Atlantic quarrel for commerce can
break the bonds that bind them. We say to gen-
tlemen of glorious New England and the further
East that we wantyour assistance; but if you will
not help us upon the past policy of this Admin-
istration to restore the Union in its full integrity
and put down the rebellion, we will do it without
you. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Minne-
sota, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Kentucky, and
Tennessee have the will and the might to putdown
the rebellion; and they will put it down, without
the assistance of the Indian or the negro. Already
their regiments are embattled on our soil, prepared
to baptize anew American fraternity in their com-
mon blood; and you strive in vain to divide the
West. "
Mr. Chairman, it will be apparent to every gen-
tleman who has watched closely the course of this
rebellion, that its first impulse had been expended,
that its forward foice had come to a halt, that its
power began to wane upon the entrance of Ken-
tucky upon the field as an active belligerent in this
war for the Union. That period marked not
only the forward boundaries of the rebellion, but
maiked its decline. It was certain to die of the
weightof its own infamy with common prudence
on the part of the friends of the Union.
Now, sir, there are two dangers which threaten
the Union. There are two sources only from
which the lebelhon call possibly receive a fresh
impulse, without which it dies. One is a foreign
war; and the other, dissension among the friends
of the Union. We might outlive the storm of
foreign war. It would possibly secure the present
position of the rebellious States, but it could not
do more; it could not give them any forward
impulse; its worst effect would be to fix their
M boundaries where they now stand; it could notdo
j| more. But, sir, dissension among the friends of
!j the Union would have a far widei result. From
|| the passage of an act of emancipation, the lines
j; of the rebellion would advance; it would receive
|1 a fresh impulse; its original pretense would be
