2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mi-. POWELL. Because our people had their
houses insured.
Mr. SIMMONS. What T want to know is,
whether the houses were burnt down. They could
not lose anything if their houses were not burnt.
Mr. POWELL. The houses were burnt up;
they were insured in Hartford, and the company
never paid.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does the Senator say there
ever was a fire in Frankfort that burnt down
§60,000 worth of buildings ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was not aware of it.
Mr. POWELL. I believe it was $60,000; I
may not be accurate as to the amount. Almost
every store in the city was burnt. There were
two fires; and unfortunately for the good people
there, the Hartford company in which they had
insured broke just about that time. So far as my
experience goes, good business men have ^reat
distrust of these little insurance companies Last.
I know that in the village where I live, our busi-
ness men, who are heavily engaged in the exporta-
tion of tobacco, have policies in a foreign insur-
ance office, and they teli me the reason they do it
is because there is more security in them. Every
gentleman must know, who has had experience
in business matters, that these insurance compa-
nies break with as much facility as wild-cat banks
used to break. In my opinion, two thirds of them
are money making,swindling corporations. They
get vast sums of money, and whenever there is a
fire they spirit it away in some way. I hope they
will be taxed as heavily as possible. From my
knowledge of them, I would prefer to trust the
floods and the fires rather than trust one of these
little insurance offices.
Mr. DIXON. 1 had already alluded to the case
of the Protection Insurance Company before it
was brought up by the Senator from Kentucky.
The Senator from Iowa instanced the Etna and
Protection Companies, as two companies which
had been extremely profitable and made a good
deal of money. One of them has been no; the
Protection has been unfortunate. Now, it is true,
as the Senator from Kentucky has said, that that
company failed. Every insiuancc company is
liable to fail. I suppose the Senator knows per-
fectly well that insurance companies have a cap-
ital, winch is the guarantee fund, and that the
stockholder are only liable for the amount of the
capital. In that instance the Protection Insurance
Company had a capital of $300,000. They had
had a series of disastrous years. The history of
that company would show, if Senators would look
into it, that this business of insurance is not so
very profitable. They had had a series oflosses;
they went on paying and paying and paying, and
finally they paid oft* the whole amount of their
capital, $300,000, and then the stockholders de-
clined to pay any further. They were only lia-
ble for the amount of their capital. If the Sena-
tor has any claim against that company, and will
go to Hartford, and can find a stockholder there
who has not paid up the whole amount of his
capital, I will guaranty to him that he can receive
the payment of his policy. That is a misfortune
to which every company is liable. It did not in-
jure the business character of these companies, or
the business character of the city of Hartford or
of the State of Connecticut. It is a misfortune to
which, in this exttemely hazardous business of
insurance, any company is liable. The strong-
est company in the United States may lose all its
capital to-day. Last week, in the city of Troy,
was a fire which swept off $4,000,000, insured for
#1,400,000 in the various companies in the coun-
try. Suppose it had so happened that ail that had
been insured in one company, or two companies,
it would have destroyed the companies, and other
parties insured would have suffered because they
could not have received tho amount of their poli-
cies, the whole capital being exhausted; but no-
body would suppose that there was any blame
attached either to the parties concerned or to the
business of insurance. It is a hazardous and ex-
tremely risky business—so understood—the ob-
ject of which is to insure against loss by fire. That
is the hazard they undertake. They are liable any
day to nun, and when that ruin occurs the nun
is widespicad. It affects insured as well as in-
suier. The insurer has to pay up the whole
amount for which he is liable, and the insured suf-
fer if there is not enough left to pay their policies.
In my opinion, this is an argument against op-
pressing them further. We ought not to place
burdens upon these companies more pressing than
they are able to bear. They ought to pay a rea-
sonable, fair amount of taxation, and no more.
The Senator from Rhode Inland has said that
this tax of three per cent, on gross receipts is a
tax of thirty per cent, on profits. So it is. I
think it can be shown to be a higher tax than that
on the profits. Placed in that light, if the Senator
from Ohio proposed here to tax insurance com-
panies thirty per cent, on their profits, would any
Senator vote for it ? Is there a Senator here who
would say a tax of thirty per cent, on the profits of
insurance companies was a fair tax ? This is what
you are voting for. That is what you now pro-
'pose. Itiscovered upartfuliy—no,I will notsay
artfully, but artistically, for I mean no reflection
on the Senator, of course. It is covered up under
the form of a three per cent, tax on gross receipts,
and nine tenths of the amount of gross receipts
must go out for losses. If that be so, this tax will
virtually be a tax of thirty per cent, on profits.
If the Senate wish to impose on these companies
a tax of thirty per cent, on their profits, it seems
to me it would be better to do it fairly and openly,
and let the bill say they shall be taxed thirty per
cent, on their profits. It seems to me utterly im-
possible that the Senate should adopt this propo-
sition.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, of one per cent, on the gross re-
ceipts, will be a tax of ten per cent, on profits. Is
not that enough ? Can any Senator say or believe
for a single instant that a tax of ten per cent, on
the profits of the company is not all they ought
to pay? That is the tax the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts now proposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Con-
necticut says we are imposing a tax of thirty per
cent, upon the profits of these insurance com-
panies. I showed a few moments ago that the tax
was $1 80 on an insurance for $10,000. In Eng-
land the tax is three shillings upon $500, or six
shillings upon $1,000, which"would be sixty shil-
lings, or fifteen dollars, on $10,000. Now, if the
tax which we propose to impose is thirty per
cent., the English tax is three hundred per cent,
on profits. The idea is simply absurd. They
could not pay three hundred per cent, on their
profits; and yet they have been paying that for
years, accoiding to the Senator's figures.
Mr. DIXON. Whatever lesult the Senator
from Michigan comes to with his figures, he can-
not deny this statement: that if a company re-
ceive, for example, $100,000 gross receipts, and
pay out $9'),000 of that for losses, they only re-
serve $10,000. Now, you propose to tax them on
the whole amount of the receipts, the $100,000,
when their profits are but $10,000. I desire to
know if that is not ten times the amount of appar-
ent taxation; whether it is not thirty per cent,
upon the profits? In many cases they pay out
the whole, and have no profits whatever; and there
your tax would be an actual extortion. Suppose
they make something; suppose they make what
the companies in the United States would be very
willing to compromise for—one tenth of the gross
receipts as profits—in that case your tax is what
1 have mentioned, thirty per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will put a case to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, and 1 think he will seethe
absurdity of his doctrine. A very good profit on
manufactured whisky is one cent a gallon. We
propose to tax it fifteen cents a gallon, or fifteen
hundred per cent, on tho profits, is that a just and
fair tax ? It is a tax of fifteen hundred per cent,
on the profits of the manufacture of whisky; and
1 think the manufacturer of whisky will find some
way of putting that tax on the consumer; and I
think the insurance company will find some way
of putting this tax on the insured. That is the
simple solution of the whole thing.
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me there is a differ-
ence between the consumption of whisky in this
country and insuranceon the property of the peo-
ple of the United States. Insurance of property
is a thing which you desire to encourage. You
wish every man to insure his property. The use
of whisky is a thing which you desire to discour-
age, and I should be glad to put a tax so high
upon whisky that it would not be used; that the
use of it would be entirely prohibited. It seems
to me there is no analogy between a beneficial
operation like this of insurance and the use of
whisky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the committee, to
strike out " three" and insert " one."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better divide
on that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; you can have
the yeas and nays in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighty-first section of
the bill, as follows:
Sec. 81. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That a quarterly ac-
count shall be made and rendered to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue by all insurance companies, or their
agents, or associations or individuals making insurance,
except lite insuiance, including agents of all foreign insur-
ance companies, which shall contain a true and faithful
account of the insuiance made, renewed, or continued, or
indorsed upon any open policy by said companies, or their
agents, or associations or individuals during the preceding
quarter, setting forth the amount insured, and the duties
accruing thereon under this act; and there shall be annexed
to and delivered with every such quarterly account an affi-
davit, in the form to be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, made by one of the officers of said com-
pany or association, or individual, or by the agent in the
case of a foreign company, that the statements in said ac-
counts are in all respects justand true; and such quarteily
accounts shall be rendered to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue within thirty days after the expiration of the quar-
ter for which they shall be made up, and upon rendering
such account, with such affidavit, as aforesaid, thereto an-
nexed,  tlie amount of the duties due by such quarteily
accounts shall be paid to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; and for every default in the delivery of such quar-
terly account, with such affidavit annexed theieto, or in the
payment of the amount of the duties due by such quarterly
account, the company or agent or association or individual
making such default shall forfeit and pay, in addition to
such duty, the suni of $o,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed
to amend this section by striking out the woids
" a quarterly " before " account" in the second
lino, and inserting' "on the 1st day of October
next, and on the first day of each quarter there-
afte r,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee also propose, before the word "duties''in the
thiitt'cnth line, to insert "gross amount received
and the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Salaries and Pay of Officers and Persons in the SciviccoJ
the United Stutcs.
Sec. 82. Jind he it further enacted, That on and alter the
1st day of May, 186*2, there shall be' levied, collected, and
paid, on nil salaries of officers, or payments to persons in
civil, mihtaiy, naval, or other employ men f or sei vice of the
United States, including Senators and Representatives and
Delegates in Uongiess, when exceeding the late of §600 per
annum, a duty of three per cent, on the excess above the
said $500 ; and it shall be the duty of all paymaster*, and
all disbursing oflicers. under the Government ot the United
States, or in the employ thereof, when making any pay-
ment^ to officers and persons as aforesaid, or upon setiiui"
and adjusting the accounts of such officeis and poisons, to
deduct and withhold the aforesaid duty of three per cent.,
and shall, at the same time, make a certificate stating ihe
name of the officer or person from whom such deduction
was made, and the amount thereof, which shall be trans
maud to the office ot the Commissioner of internal Reve-
nue, and entered as patt of the internal duties; and the pay
! roll, leceipw, or accounts of officers or persons paying such
j duty, as aforesaid,shall be made to exhibit the laet of such
| payment.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend the section by striking out
NMay " in tin; .second line and inserting "July,"
which amendment will beordered unless objected
to. The committee propose as an amendment to
insert at this point a new section, which will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
See. —. AnA he it further enacted^ That for every pass-
port issued fiom the "office of the Secretary of State, after
the 30th day of June, 1662, theie shall be paid the sum of
thiee dollais; which amount may be paid to any collector
appointed under tins act, and his icccipt therefoi shall be
foiwatdcd, with the application for <=ueh passport, to the
office of the riecietary of State, or any ajent appointed by
him. And the collectors sliail account lor all moneys re-
ceived for passpoits in the maimer hercinbefoie piovided.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out in lines seven ami eight the words
" or any agent appointed by lam," and inserting
" to be by him transmitted to the Commissioner
