1S78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
little tender treatment on the part of the Govern-
ment. He seems to think rebel assassins are not
very bad men after all, if we do not by the pas-
sage of this bill—freeing a few slaves m the Dis-
trict of Columbia—drive them to desperation!
The honorable Senator has discovered the way in
which this war can be settled without bloodshed,
without the destruction of valuable lives, and with-
out making widows and orphans. This is his
plan; he says:
"Besides, sir, there is no necessity for dtiving these peo-
ple to such despeiate extremities. Justice, moderation,
generosity, will meet a joyful response in many a southern
heart. They love the old flag; they love the old Union.
Show them that their rights under the Constitution—their
prejudices of education and habit, if \ou please to say so—
are to be respected, and you will strike a blow more fatal
to the rebel cause than a score ot such victories as that at
Fort Donelson. And this will be a victoiy without blood-
shed. It destroys no valuable lives. Itwa->te-> no resources}
of the country's wealth. It makes no widows or oiphan*.
It desolates 110 homes. Why should not the North be gm
erous and lorbearing? Aie not moderation and torheaiancc
the invariable chaiacten&tic*. of a great people ?"
Sir, the Senate well knows that the hearts of
those who arc engaged in this rebellion are already
set on fire of hell; that they are moved forward m j
their wicked purpose by a malignity such as never
filled the hearts of men before, and that there is nu !
way to defeat their designs but to meet and crush
them in the storm of battle; and that, sir, is what
we northern men propose to do.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] and the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Kennedy] have entered into this
debate, and have each exhibited a great deal of
feeling in opposition to the passage of this bill.
If I understood the Senator from Maryland cor-
rectly, he said that, in the event of the passage of
this measure, he will feel constrained to submit
to the people of his State the question whether the
Government of the United States has kept its faith
with them. I do not know that I fully understood
that honorable Senator, but it sounded to me very
much like the threats which have been so fre-
quently made upon this floor in times past. Sup-
pose this question is submitted to the people of
Maryland for decision, what then? And suppose
• the people of that State decide that the United
States has not kept its faith with them, what will
the Senator then propose to the people of Mary-
land? Does he mean to assert that the people of
his State have the right to determine for them-
selves their relations with the Federal Govern-
ment, and to withdraw from the Union if they de-
cide that the Government has broken its faith with
them? If this is his position, if this is what the
Senator intends to assert, let me say to him that
his position covers all the ground assumed by the
traitors of the South in their advocacy of seces-
sion. It is secession; and if practically carried
out it would become treason, and subject those
engaged in it to the penalties of treason. Her
people have made one effort to carry Maryland
out of the Union and they have signally failed;
and I warn the Senator now that if he renews the
effort in the form that he seems to indicate, the
people will find an obstacle m the way of the con-
summation of theirscheme more formidable than
those which to-day fiown upon the city of Balti-
more.
Sir, I will not stop to argue the propriety of this
monstrous proposition. Mr. Webster ended the
argument more than thirty years ago. It would
be folly for me now to revive it. We have now
to treat the question practically. It is simply a
question of power and of authority. If a State
has the power under the Constitution to interfere
with and stop the progress of the General Gov-
ernment by force of the action of her uwn people,
peihaps the Senator ftom Maryland is justified in
declaring that he will appeal from the action of
the United States to his own people, and leave the
future action of the State he represents to their
decision so made.
Mr. President, if I am right in the construction
which I place upon the position of the Senator in
his speech of yesterday, I declare that he has
planted himself upon the ultra secession docttine
of the South. This doctrine was started by that
arch traitor, John C. Calhoun, thirty years ago; 1
and has been from that day steadily pressed upon
the attention of the people of the South, until it
has brought about the most wicked and unjusti-
fiable war the world has ever witnessed. And,
sir, I must say that I was amazed to hear the hon-
orable Senator who, I believe, was an old Ciay
Whig, make a threat here, while actual war is
being waged m the land, which fully sanctions, if
carried out, the most wicked doctrine of Henry
Clay's life-long traducers.
But, sir, if the Senator does submit this ques-
tion to the people of Maryland,and their decision
is against the action of the United States, what
remedy will the Senator propose for the benefit of
his people ? A mere decision without any inten-
tion of carrying such decision into practical effect,
will be of no significance whatever. But if the
people of a State seek to avail themselves of a
remedy ns against the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment, then the issue becomes a simple question
of power, and in that event, in my humble judg-
ment, the good people of his State will, in the end,
find that they have imperiled everything and have
gamed nothing.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] has show a a gt eat dual of feeling in oppo-
sition to this measure, and I think that in his zeal
he has gone further 111 his censure of the friends
of this measure than, in his cooler moments, his
judgment will sanction. His defense of human
slavery is more offensive in manner and m argu-
ment than any that I have listened to on this floor,
if we except the foolish fulminations of the crazy
Wigfall. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
contends that the natural right to a slave is the
same and rests upon the same authority as our
rijjht to a hog, a sheep, or a piece of land.
""Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator yield to the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr, WILKINSON. If you will not be too
long. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. That is a good admonition.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota mistakes
me. 1 did not say that the natural right of a man
to a slave was the same as it was to a horse or a
hog. I said the right winch the people of this
District have to their property, and the right which
every citizen has to his propeity, is the same in
relation to a slave or a hoise; but I said distinctly
that that was an artificial right, not a natural right.
It is a right created by law, by the usages and
customs of the world.
Mr. WILKINSON. I shall not enter into any
aigument to show the fallacy of the position of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Poimtt me one moment further
while I am on my feet. I would ask the honor-
able Senator if the Congress of the United States
have the n^ht to take all the lands, and all the
houses and lots in this Districtfrom their owners?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. They havo not. What prohibits
them from exercising that power?
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the provisions of
the Constitution prohibit them. Still I am not
prepared to enter into that argument now, and I
do not wish to get into it with the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. Very good.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state my views as
I go on. I shall not enter into any argument to
show the fallacy of the honorable Senator's rea-
soning. It is enough for me to know that his
theory is utterly and entirely opposed to every
lofty principle of justice, and that it tramples in
the dust the most sublime and lofty sentiments of
the age. Yea more; this abhorrent doctrine would
compel us to close our eyes to the cheering lessons
of Christianity, and forever close the door of our
holy religion against millions of our fellow crea-
tures. The simple statement of his proposition
carries with it its own condemnation. The Sen-
ator says:
11 Wc have two hundred and twenty-five thousand slaves
in Kentucky. They are owned mostly by Union men.
They are owned by men true to the Constitution a*, our
fathms made it, and willing to live up to all of its obliga-
tion?. If >ou ptocced upon the principle of manumitting
all the slaves in that State that have belonged to poisons
who were in the lebei aimy, or who sympathized with the
icbel cause, you will find th.u it is impossible, you will have
no power to entbice the law, and you nevei will enforce it.
There is no being 111 that State who would not rise up in
ie\o!t.arid m deadly and in continuous and never dung
hostility to any such system. We would hold the party in
power, we would hold the misguided men in power, that
would endeavoi to foice that .state upon us as the woist
enemies with which the Ood of heaven had ever curbed
u-?. We oppose the ^eee^stonlst^. and we want to fight
them to subjection, to unconditional submission to the
Union; but the spirit and per&pvnance and desperation
with which we would tight secessionists* in nothing to that
with which we would fight that condition of things."
I am sorry that the Senator made this violent
remark, because it is fraught with mischief, and
with nothing but mischief. The honorable Sen-
ator well knew that no one on this floor proposes
to abolish slavery in Kentucky. No one proposes
to bring about the state of things which he so
much deplores. Why then attempt to excite the
prejudices of the people of his State against their
Government? Has there been anything in the
past that would justify the people of Kentucky in
turning away from, and dissolving all connection
with, the people of the northern States? When
did the people of the North ever fail to do honor
to her great statesman and patriot, Henry Clay;
and when, if ever, did they fail to rally to his
standard ?
And, sir, if we recur to more recent events, I
think the honorable Senator will be compelled to
admit that they should bind Kentucky in sym-
pathy still closer to the Union. In defending her
soil against those vile traitors, who would have
betrayed that noble State into the hands of her
enemies, thousands of the best young men of the
North have enriched her soil with their blood*
and laid their bodies down to rest in her bosom.
Sir, it seems to me as if the honorable Senator
entirely ignored the sacrifices which the liberty-
loving people of the Northwest are making to
save the Union men of Kentucky. Sir, I have no
hesitation in saying, and I do not think the Sen-
ator will dispute what 1 say, that but for the cour-
age and devotion of northern troops in Kentucky
the rebels to-day would have entire control of the
State.
But, sir, the Senator does not stop with this
bill. In his violent speeches ho has seen fit to rake
up and animadvert upon every proposition which
has been introduced. and as if to excite a still
stronger prejudice in the hearts of the people of
the South, he holds them as expressive of the
avowed object of the party in power. He even
goes further than this, and assumes to decide upon
what the dominant party intends to do in the fu-
ture, and bases his argument upon his own mere
conjecture. Listen to his reply to the Senator
fiom New Hampshire:
(i Mr. Clark. Does the Senator understand this to be a
purpose of wai that we an1 now about?
 k .Mr. Davis. Yes, &11 ; this 1- a pmpo«e of war now. It
is an entenni? wodjr°. You want to get the head in, and
then yuu intend topuMi the monsterthrough. That is what
jou ate nltei. Ft theie was to be no othei movement upon
slaveiy, we never should have heaid of this bill to abolish
slavery in the Di^tiict of Columbia, it is exuenie men that
biing panics ami nation-- to rum. Men in a body will vio-
late pledges that they would never dream of violating as
single individuals.•'
Sir, I think this course is unworthy the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky. What right has he
to talk thus to me and other northern Senators on
this floor? When our constituents are defending
the soil of his State with their lives, what right
has he to taunt us,and assume to divine what we
intend to do? I apprehend that when the proper
hour comes the Republicans in this body will he
bold enough and outspoken enough to say what
they mean, and not leave it to the Senator from
Kentucky to conjecture what they are about.
The confiscation bill is very obnoxious to him.
If I understood his position the other day in a
speech which he made, it is this: he is in favor of
confiscating the property of the rebels in the South
upon condition that you should take that prop-
erty, slaves and all, and hand it over to the loyal
men there. I have his amendment here which he
offered, and which is to that effect. But he vio-
lently objects to the confiscation bill now pending-
in the Senate for the reason that it declares that
the slaves of rebels shall be made free, and this
he affirms will estrange from the Union cause the
entire Union sentiment of Kentucky. This I do
not believe; and if it should turn out that the hon-
orable Senator is right, 1 should be very much
surprised at it. Well, sir, in order to appease the
Union sentiment of the State of Kentucky, and in
order to satisfy them with a confiscation measure,
he proposes to turn the slaves over to the Union
men, and then it will be all right!
Mr. DAVIS. I made no such proposition.
Mr. WILKINSON. Well, sir, I will read the
language.
Mr DAVIS. It is much broader than you
state it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Here it is; I will read it
from the Senator's printed amendment, as I do not
