356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
justified as truth. Some of you propose to eman-
cipate the slaves of loyal masters as well as those
of rebel masters. Some of the gentlemen say the
loyal man has no more right to hold slaves than
the rebel; and with their view of the institution,
they are right; of course, if slavery is a sin, no man
has a moral right to hold slaves. A virtuous man
should not commit sin. Then, I say the first at-
tempt to emancipate slaves will necessarily result
in the enlargement of the boundaries of the rebel-
lion. Millions in the revolted States, now faithful,
awaiting in silence and grief the coming of the ban-
ner of their country, with one heart would join the
foe. That instant the people of Missouri, Ken-
tucky, and Maryland would resist the execution
of such an act; that instant the loyal men of these
States, with many of the men from the free States
in arms for the maintenance of the Union, but who
haye not gone into the war for the purpose of free-
ing slaves, or to accomplish the Africanization of
our society, will disband. Yes, sir; justice, hon-
esty, and humanity, everything that is honorable
in the human character, would compel them that
instant to throw down their arms. They would
revolt at the idea of having been drawn into a war
under the pretense of sustaining the Union, but
in fact for the purpose of forcing emancipation
upon the States of the South.
Then how would you fight your battles, already
sufficiently arduous? I see the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania leading the charges
upon the cohorts of rebellion and storming the bat-
teries armed by treason and theft. I think I see the
meek-faced gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Jul-
ian,] who read his printed composition to the com-
mittee the other day about " the sum of all human
villainies," I think I see him heading a charge
against the regiments of rebellion. Yes, sir, the
war would be brought to a speedy conclusion with
men like these to right it. They are not the fight-
ing men;,they belong to what is known as the
school of humanitarians; they deprecate the shed-
ding of bJood,arid do not like the smell of villainous
saltpeter. Unless you bring emancipation into
the war they wili not vote another man, another
dollar, to carry on the war. They will permit
the rebellion not only to profane with storm and
slaughter this capital, bearing the honored name
of Washington, but they will permit it to burn
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, to over-
whelm the nation in its progress rather than vote
a man or a dollar, unless you, the Representatives
of the people, will give an anti-slavery turn " and
vigor" to the war. Who docs not know the ob-
ject of these things ? These men belong to the
peace party; they and their policy aim at disgrace-
ful peace, and a dissolution on the slave line.
Mr. Chairman, we, who are from the States
most nearly concerned, have sat here for weeks
and weeks, and suffered this question to be brought
forward and debated in the most intemperate and
offensive manner. We have heard them talk about
the slaveholder us if he were not their peer and of
the same race as themselves. Yet, for the sake
of securing the great measures necessary to ac-
complish a successful termination of this war and
the preservation of our torn country, w*e have sat
still and endured it. No forbearance moves their
" stern inexorable hearts." The consideration of
these topics has been forced upon us by the peace
party 111 thisHouse, whobeheve that if this ques-
tion of emancipation is forced into the war there
will be fifteen States in the rebellion instead of
eleven; and that peace and dissolution follows.
They may be disappointed in this. As for our-
selves, we do not intend to quit this Union—wo
will never give up our lot and part in it. Wo will
find ways and means and fnends and safety for
all our rights in the Union. We will never com-
mit the mighty sin, the mightier blunder, which
the seceded States have committed, of going out
of the Union. Every acre of all the lands from
Atlantic shores to Pacific seas forms a part of our
inheritance, and our country, and we will never
surrender one grain of ail their sands. If you
commit the great blunder of making this a war
for emancipation, then let me tell you that we will
stand by the Constitution that your fatheis and
our fathers gave to us; we will seek beneath its
ample shield protection from the horrors of servile
insurrection, and the preservation of liberty and
equality, our inalienable birthright. Tiie cotton
States cut themselves off from the sympathy of
the conservative men in the halls of legislation,as
well as from their support upon the field of battle.
We of Kentucky will not break away from this
Union and enter into the same folly of rebellion.
No, sir; we have sworn by the blood thatcemented
it; we have sworn by the great men who founded
it, and our own great departed Teacher; we have
sworn by every tie of affeof?on and honor eternal
fidelity to it, and we will defend ourselves and our
rights in the Union, not out of it, to the last gasp.
And in that contest we expect to see worthy patri-
ots from all the States rallying to our aid m Con-
gress, ol-as we now see them, upon the tented field.
We expect, too, patriot Presidents, rulers of the
whole people, to interpose to shield us from op-
pression. The result cannot be doubted. The
Union and the Constitution, the cause of right and
justice, will prevail, and abolition and rebellion
meet a common fate.
I say, then, Mr. Chairman, that the great dan-
ger which we have to guard against is a quarrel
among ourselves. I want gentlemen to ask their
constituents how many will stand by them if they
make thisa war of emancipation. I have faith in
the constituents of members. I have faith in the
people represented by the gentleman on my right,
the noble freemen of Pennsylvania, whose sons
are now upon Kentucky soil fighting the battles
of the Union and the Constitution and an outraged
and invaded sister State, and not the battles of
negro emancipation I trust that my words will
reach them. I trust that they will listen to an
humble Kentuckian who loves their g^reat State for
its mighty and virtuous population, its great
wealth, its wonderful transforming industry, and
the patriotism and valor of its sons. Believe me,
when the contest comes to which I have referred,
that they will be found standing shoulder to shoul-
der with their brethren of persecuted States in
defense of the Constitution.
What has been the chief curse upon the Ameri-
can people these many years ? Why, sir, the alien-
ation of men of a kindred race, and a common his-
tory and destiny. We are now reaping thefruits
of it. We see, inflamed by this long contest, one
half of this nation rising in armed rebellion, upon
what we still believe to be the falsest pretexts. Do
not let that curse still further afflict us. Have we
not had enough of hate? Shall we not, at this
dreadful moment, draw nearer together? Is there
not enough brotherhood left to us to unite the
American people again? Cannot southern men
and northern men shake hands and swear at the
altar of the country to give their lives, their for-
tunes, and their sacred honor for the preservation
of the Union, of the Constitution ? I propose that
we shall not attempt to govern this country by the
Republican party or any other partisan organiza-
tion at a moment like this. It cannot be done.
Let us rather throw aside the machinery of con-
gressional party caucuses, and let us meet here as
brothers, with a common purpose in view. Let
no distracting question be brought in to create dis-
sensions and differences and separation. Let not
the fnends of the Constitution be divided, but let
them stand like a wall around that charter of our
rights and liberties. If %Vo do that, it will tend to
keep off the first danger of which I spoke—war
witli foreign nations. Seeing us united, they will
not wantonly insult our flag and nation or perfidi-
ously seek to profit by our calamities That great
continuing enemy of ours, " perfidious Albion,"
which stands like a beast of prey eager to snatch
the mighty commerce of her rival, at the propi-
tious moment of our further division will grapple
with us, but seeing us united she will respect us
and give her policy some pause.
Do not let us then be torn with dissensions and
so weakened as to tempt our cold and selfish foe
to grapple with the only rival upon th'e ocean that
she dreads, or which she has cause to dread. Suc-
cess would give her the control of the §300,000,000
of exports from the planting States^ and fill the
multitudinous seas with her tonnage. That great
trade, sif, will belong to her if she is given the
chance to come into this contest by our own di-
visions, and the independence of the cotton States
will bo secured. With that trade given to her, your
Navy perishes, and your commerce will disappear
from the seas. The ships that have whitened
every ocean will rot at your wharves, and the vast
manufactories of the North will cease longer to
flourish. Then, this Government,instead of being
a great commercial Power, will dwindle down to
second-rate starving, contemptible republics, run-
ning off into the career of the Mexican and South
American States, in humiliating dependence on
the will of foreign despots. English statesmen see
that; that proud and selfish aristocracy that has
ever been contemptuous of the rights of others
when standing in its way; that selfish Power
which destroyed the fleet of Denmark, under the
guns of Copenhagen, in violation of the law of
nations; that Power, enticed into this contest by
seeing us still further divided, will grasp at the
commerce of the continent and destroy us. None
will lament it more than Kentucky; none strive
more earnestly to prevent it.
I therefore declare, Mr. Chairman, that the
right way to avoid foreign war is to be united. I
declare that the right way to put down the rebel-
lion is for every man to avoid every topic which
can alienate one section from the other, and by
justice and moderation compact the hearts and
hands of the millions who stand ready to throw
their united weight upon armed treason. If the
Representatives from the eastern States are earn-
est in their desire for union and fraternity, will
they abolish slavery in the District of Columbia?
Will they nullify the fugitive slave law? Will
they confiscate the slaves in the eleven slave
States? Will they try to obliterate from the map
the southern States ? Will they insult American
history by trying to divide the State of Virginia,
and to wipe out the name of Virginia from the
eastern slope of that State ? Will they transfer
from the grave of Washington the name of Vir-
ginia ? Will they do these things ? Are they in
earnest enough for that? If they succeed, then
a new schism will take place among the friends
of the Union. Then, the war will enlarge its pro-
portion. I declare, as an American citizen, that,
although I will not abandon all hope of the pres-
ervation of this Union, when that day arrives my
hopes will survive only by my faith in the fortune
of the Republic. But I do not believe that this
new pai ty which is springing up here will suc-
ceed—this peace and dissolution party. It is des-
tined to disgraceful overthrow. Let that party be
formed upon the basis of the emancipation of the
slave, " giving the war an anti-slavery vigor;" let
it be formed in opposition to the Administration
—the Administration which it now persistently
attacks; the Administration will be strengthened
.by its defection; each adherent such an opposition
takes away, a thousand good men will replace.
Take away Garrison and Wendell Phillips, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and all that race, from the
support of this Administration, and in place of
their false and pretended love for the Union, the
cause yet will give you a million in the slave States
and amillion in the free States who will pour out
the red drops of their hearts in defense of the
Union.
In this dreadful moment gentlemen should let
us know where they are going. It is an hour that
demands perfect candor. Do not beat about the
bush any more. Do notlet us talk about " taking
awaythe strength of the rebellion;" " strike sla-
very in its weak point," &c. Let us see what
you are for. Lay down your programme, and
speak in plain terms. If you are for slave eman-
cipation and slave insurrection; why, say so. If
that is your ground go before the people of the
country upon it, and see whether you can be re-
turned to Congress. Not many, I think, will find
theirway back from theWestupon such a platform.
It violates all former pledges to a deceived people.
I am ready here to-day to strike hands with
any man who will sustain the patriotic gentleman
who now fills the presidential chair against these
dissolutionists, who will rally to his policy of the
" Integrity of the Union, with the dignity
and equality of the states unimpaired;" who
will stand by the gallant men who lead our armies
and the patriot soldiers who responded to the call
of the Union, and who will give the men and
money to save this Government and secure the
de'stiny of the American people. Why do I come
here and say this? I was told, and the country
was told, by the distinguished premier of this
Administration, that before the perils that im-
pended over the Government, parties and all party
platforms and partisan feeling should give way,
and that the people should rise to vindicate their
capacity for self-government and to secure and
preserve our national institutions, in order to trans-
mit them unimpaired to our posterity. Does he
