1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
of Internal Revenue and charged to the account
of the collector issuing the same."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason that was put
in w.i.s that the Secretary of State, owing to the
consjdotaMo number of passports required, has,
to save time, adopted the system of depositing
blnnk pnsspoifsin the hands of agents. TheSen-
ator's amendment would prevent that, because
time must be taken to prepare every application
to the Secretary of State and receive a return.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that is a temporary
arrangement recently adopted, and is intended to
continue only for a short time. I suggest that if
they are allowed to transmit these receipts to these
agents, they are \ery likely to be lost and never
wrll get into the Treasury. They are notaccount-
ing officers in any way. There will be a few re-
ceipts for three dollars each forwarded to each
agent, and that will be the end of it. They will
never get into the hands of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. They will never be charged to
the collector, and you will depend entirely on the
recollection of the collector or his integrity as to
whether he ever pays over the money to the Gov-
ernment or not. I think these receipts should be
transmitted directly to the Secretary of State. It
is not likely that this arrangement, authorizing
agents to issue passports, will last a long time.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 submit that this section will
be of no value unless it includes passports granted
by our ministers abroad. There is nothing to
hinder a citizen of the United States from travel-
ing in England without a passport, and many of
them,go there and get passports from the minister
to travel on the continent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not intended to
extend any further than to those who choose to
obtnm passports.
Mr. WRIGHT. A man can go abroad with-
out a passport, and can get one from our minister
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that can be
regulated by a direction given by the Secretary
of JState.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do notthinkthere will be
much evasion of the law in this respect, because
a passport fiom the Secretaiy of State is consid-
ered more valuable than one obtained from a min-
ister. If I am wrong in this, the Senator from
Indiana can correct me.
Mr. WRIGHT. They are of just the same
value, exactly.
Mr. ANTHONY. In those countries where
passports are examined rigidly, it is subjected to
a little more suspicion if it is gotten abroad. At
least I found it so.
Mr. WRIGHT. There are hundreds of pass-
ports issued by all our ministers every y«ar.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have my doubts whether
there will be an income from this section that will
really pay for the trouble it will cause. The Sen-
ator fiom Indiana, who has had practical (expe-
rience in this matter of passports as a minister
abroad, knows perfectly well that passports issued
by ministers are of the same value everywhere on
the continent with apasspcrt issued by the Depart-
ment of State.
Mr. WRIGHT. Precisely.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says "pre-
cisely." He dots not, go one whit beyond the
actual truth, I am sure, from my own experience
and observation. I believe there is no fee for that,
and this section does not propose any tax oil it.
How many passports are issued from the Depart-
ment of State m the course of a year I do not
know, but 1 should suppose perhaps three or four
thousand.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ten thousand.
Mr. SUMNER. So many as ten thousand ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Eight or ten thousand.
Mr. SUMNER. I have an idea that there are
not so many as eight or ten thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ten thousand, at three
dollars apieee, would be $30,000.
Mr. SUMNER. But I supposed it would only
apply to three or four thousand passports, and
the question occuried to me whether for that sum
it was worth while to have this tax, to add an-
other item.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The suggestion made by
the Senator from Indiana is undoubtedly a very
]mportantone,and as there is no opportunity now
to amend the section so as to cover the whole mat-
te i as we jro along, 1 suggest that it be passed
over informally, and that we go on with the rest
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be passed over if there be no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I was about to propose an
amendment, by inserting in the second line, after
the word 44 State,"'the words " or any foreign
minister or consul." j
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be a little j
inconsistent with the other part of the section, j
Mr. POWELL. - The section could be made
to confoi m.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggested that it be
passed over, in order that we might make the
proper amendment.
Mr. POWELL. Very well; letitgo.
The VICE PRESIDENTThe amendment
will be passed over, there being no objection to
that course. The Secretary will read the next
section.
The Secretary read, as follows:
•Advertisements.
Sec. 83. •And be it farther enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May, 186*2, theie shall by levied, collected, and
paid, by any person or persons, firm, or company, publish-
ing any newspaper, magazine, teview, or other literary, sci-
entific, or news publication, issued periodically, on the gro«s
receipts for all advertisements, or all matters for the inser-
tion of which in said newspaper or other publication, as
aforesaid, or in extras, supplements, sheets, or fly-leaves
accompanying the same, pay is lequired or received, a duty
of tliiue per cent.; and the person or peisons, firm, or
company, owning, possessing, or having the care or man-
agement of any and every such newspaper or other publi-
cation, as afoiesaid, shall make a list or return, qunitcrly,
commencing as heretofore mentioned, containing the gross
amount oi icceipts as aforesaid, and the amount of duties
which have acciued thereon, and render the same to the
assistant assessor of the respective districts where such
newspapei. magazine, review, or other literary oi news pub-
lication is or may be published, which list or return Khali
have annexed a declaration, under oath or afiiunatton, to
he made accoidiug to the mannei and foim which may be
Irom time to time prescribed bytheComm^sionvrof Inter-
nal Revenue, ot the ownei,possessor, or poison having th< 
CHieot management of nueh newspaper, magazine, review,
or other publication, as afoiesaid, that the same is tine and
coireet, and shall aUo, qtiarteily, and at the tune of making
said li*t or return, pay to the collector or depot) collector
of the district, a-* aforesaid, the full amount ot said duties;
and in case of neglect or ictusal to comply with any of the
piovision> contained in this section, or to make and render
•>aid hsT or retui n, ;is aforesaid, h r the space of thirty days
after the time when <aid list or return ought to have been
made, as aioresaid, the assistant assessor of the lespeetive
districts shall proceed to estimate the duties, as hctctoforo
piovi.-'ud in other ca^es of delinquency; and in case of neg-
lect or refusal to pay the duties, as aforesaid, foi ttic space
of thiitv dajs after said duties become due and payable,
said owner, possessor, or poison or persons having the care
or management of said newspapers or publications, asafore-
said, shall pay, in addition theieto, a penalty of five per
cent, on the amount due ; and in case of fraud or evasion,
whereby tii • t \ enue is attempted to be defiauded, or the
duty withheld, said owner--, po^-essors, or person or per-
sons having the caie oi management of said newspapers
oi other publications, as afoie^ud, shall forfeit and pay a
penalty of $5t)0 for each offeree, or for any sum fraudu-
lently unaccounted foi ; and all provisions in this act in '-e-
Jatiou to hens, asse-simnts, and collection, not incompat-
ible hriowith,'hall applv to this section and the objects
herein emlnaced: Pronded, That in all cases where the
rate or price of advemsmg Is fixed by any law ot ihe Uni-
ted States, State, or Tcrutoij, it shall be lawful for the
company, person <n pr*i sous publishing said advertisements,
to add the dutv or tax imposed by this act to the price of
said advertisements, anv law, as aforesaid, to the contrary
notwithstanding: Provided further, That the receipts (or
advertisements'to the amount of .$1,000, by any pei-on or
peisons, firm, or company, publishing any newspapei, mag-
azine levtovv, or othei literaly,scientific, new- publication,
issued periodically, shall be exempt from duty: •And pro-
vide! further, That all newspapers whose circulation does
not e\ceed two thousand copies shall be exempted from all
taxes foi advei ti ement-s.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittix pro-
pose to amend this section by striking out " May,"
m the second Sine, and inserting "July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next section
will be read.
The Secretary read section eighty-four, as fol-
lows:
Income Duty.
Sec 84. •Andhcitfufthei enacted, That for Uic purpose of
modifying and reenactmg. a* heieinattcr provided, so much
of an aefenutled •' An act to piovidc increased revenue
fiom imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and tor
qthei ptu pose's,'' appioved 5th of Augu-t, 1861, as relates
to income tax, that is to say, sect, ons loriy-nwe, tiny, and
rifty-one. be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment is
proposed to this section. The next will be read.
The Secretary read section eighty-five, as tol-
lows:
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid annually, upon the annual gams,
profits, or Income of every person residing in the United
States, whether derived from any kind of property, rents,
interest, dividends, salaries, or from any profession, trade,
employment, or vocation carried on in the United States
or elsewhere, or from any other source whatever, except as
hereinafter mentioned, if such annual gains, profits, or in--
come exceed the sum of ,<$600, a duty ot three per cent, on
the amount of such annual gains, profits, or income, over
and above the said sum ot §600 ; and upon the annual gains,
profits, or income, rents, and dividends accruing upon any
property, securities, and stocks own?d in the United States
l>v any citizen of the United States residing abroad, except
as hereinafter mentioned, and not in the employment of the
(Jovermnent ot the United States, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a duty of five per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to this section.
The Secretary read section eighty-six, as fol-
lows:
Sec, 86. And be it further enacted, That in estimating
said annual gains, profits, or income, whether subject to a
duty, as provided i n this act, of three per cent, or of five per
cent., all other national, State, and local taxes, lawfully
assessed upon the property or other sources of income aa
aforesaid, from which said annual gains, profits, or income
is or should be derived, shall be first deducted from the
gains, profits, or income of the person or persons who act-
ually pay the same, whether owner or tenant, and all gains,
piofits, or income derived from salaries of officers, or pay-
ments to person}' in the civil, military, naval, or other ser-
vice of th« United States, including Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegates in Congress, or derived from interest
or dividends on stock, capital, or deposits in any bank,
trust company, or savings institution, insurance, gas, bridge,
express, telegraph company, or corporation, or on any
bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of any railroad
company or coipoiation, which shall have been as-sensed
and paid by ■said banks, trust companies, savings institu-
tions, insuiance, ga<, bridge, telegraph,express,or raihoad
companies, as aforesaid, or derived from advertisements
or any articles manufactured, upon which specific or ad
valorem duties shall have been directly assessed or paid,
shall also be deducted; and the duty herein provided for
shall be assessed and collected upon the income for the year
ending the JJlxt day ot December next preceding the time
for levying and collecting said duty, that is to say, on the
1st day of May, 1803,and iueaeh year thereafter: I'rovulcd,
That upon .such poiuon of said trains, profits, or mcomc,
whether subject to a duty, a^ piovidcd in this act. of three
per cent-, or ot live pet cent., which shall be derived from
interest upon noics, bonds, or other !>ccutitie> of the United
States, theie shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty not
exceeding one and one half of one per cent., anything in
this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose, after the word "income," in the fifth line,
to insert "of any person;" and after the word
"income," in the seventh line, to insert " of such
person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee fur-
ther propose to amend the .section by inserting,
after " telegraph," in the fifteenth line, the words
" or railroad."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the words "steam-
boat and ferry boat" should also be inserted after
the word " telegraph." Steamboat and ferry boat
stock would seem to stand on the same basis with
gas, bridge, express, and telegraph stock. I move
to amend the amendment by insetting "steam-
boat, ferry boat," before " or railroad."
The amendment to the amendment was adopted,
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighty-seventh and
eighty-eighth sections, to which no amendment
was proposed, as follows:
Sec. 87. And he it further enaetcd, That the duties on
incomes herein imposed shall be due and payable on or be-
fore the 30th day ot June, in the year 1859, and in each year
thereafter until and including the year 1806, and no longer;
and to anv sum or sums annually due and unpaid for thirty
days atter the 30th ot June, a* aforesaid, and for ten days
afier demand thereof by the collector, there shall be levied,
in addition thereto, the sum of five per cent on the amount
of dutief unpaid, as a penalty, except lrom the estates of
deceased and insolvent person* ; and if any person or per-
sons or party, liable to pay s>uch duty, shall neglect or re-
Uisc to pav the same, the amount due shall be alien in
l.ivor of the United States from the liim: it wasso due until
paid, with the interest, penalties, and co,ts that may accrue
in addition thereto, upon all the pioperty, and lights to
nronertv. stocks, seeutities, and debts ot cveiy description
from which the income upon which •-•aid duty is assessed
or levied shall have accrued or may or should acciue ; and
in default of the pavment of said duty for the spac? of
thirty days after the same shnll have become due and be
demanded, as afoiesaid, said hen may be enforced by dis-
traint upon such propeity, rights to propeity, stocks, secu-
rities and evidences ot debt, by whomever hokleu; ami
lor this pmposc the ConmiisMOncu ot Internal Revenue,
upon the certificate of the collector or deputy collector that
said duty is due ,uul unpaid for the .-pace often days after
notice dulv given of the levy of such duty, shall issue a
wariant, in the torin and manner to be piesenhed by said
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the diiections
of the Secretary ot the Treasuiv, and by vntue of such
warrant theie may he levied on Mich piopeny, rights to
propertv, <-tock<, securities, and evidences of debt,a further
sum. to'be fixed and stated in such warrant, over and above
the said annual duty, interest, and penalty for non-payment,
