1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3299
the 16th and I7tb joint rules of the two Houses
for the residue of the session, was taken.from the
Speaker's table, next in order. N
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate have
thought proper to send us this resolution. I un-
derstand it is the purpose to adjourn at the ear-
liest possible moment, probably on Wednesday
next. If we come to that conclusion, of course these
join t rules must be suspended, otherwise no bill can
next week be sent to the President for his ap-
proval. 1 hope, therefore, the House will concur
in the resolution, and I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that demand for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For what pur-
pose ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. For the purpose of submit-
ting a few remarks to show that we ought not to
adjourn at present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to
withdraw. I call for tellers on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson,and
Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the House concurred in
the resolution; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD AND TELEOItAPU LINES.
House joint resolution (No. 39) to declare the
meaning of the act to authorize the President of
the United States, in certain cases, to take pos-
session of railroad and telegraph lines, and for
other purposes, approved January 31, 1862, and
to repeal a part of said act, willi the amendments
of the Senate thereto, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, the question being on concurring in the
Senate amendments.
First amendment:
Page 1, line seven, strike out the word " such," and In-
seali lino of."
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Same pnge and line, strike out the words " extended
line."
■The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Pfije 1, line nine, strike out Hie word " extended."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAGE STAMP FRAUDS.
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the Post-
master General to call the attention of the House
to a matter by which the postal revenues are being
defrauded. Late investigations have disclosed ex-
tensive operations in chcmical washing off of can-
celing marks on stamps, and then selling them for
use in large and small lots. It is not found that
any law punishes the offense until they are actu-
ally used, when u is nearly impossible to show
the guilty knowledge in such cases.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
what proposition he desires to make?
Mr. COLFAX. I propose, with the consent
of the House, to make a single explanation, and
then introduce a bill for the purpose of having it
puf on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
leave to introduce his bill, there being- no objec-
tion.
Mr.COLFAX. As this refers to aroatter which
is being investigated with a view to criminal prose-
cution, the fact being that a large amount of stamps
have had the ink defacement removed by a chem-
ical wash with a view to their being used over again,
I will not read the letter of the special agent of the
Post Office Department unless the House partic-
ularly desires it. It is a letter from Mr. Holbrook,
one of the oldest special agents in the service.
Mf. HOLMAN. My colleague has made the
thing perfectly clear, and I do not think there is
any necessity for further discussion.
Mr, COLFAX. As the law now stands, it only
provides a penalty where a person attempts to use
stamps after they have been^already used. There
is now no law imposing penalties for the removal,
by chemical washes or in any other way, of the ink
defacement upon the stamps after they have been
once used, unless the same party attempts to use
them himself. In order that that defect in the law
may be supplied, I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill to punish the fraud-
ulent use or sale of postage stamps.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and having been
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COLPAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBERS IN THE MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolution
relating to the pay of members of the Senate and
House of Representatives who have been, or shall
be, in the military service.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 object.
Mr. McPHERSON. Let me make a single
remark.
Mr. PENDLETON. I withdraw my objection
for the present.
Mr. McPHERSON. Thi's resolution is intended
to provide necessary action on the part of Con-
gress in reference to the pay of members of Con-
gress who have engaged in the military service of
the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
Mr. McPHERSON. I desire to make a short
statement. This resolution is intended to meet
this particular difficulty. There are certain mem-
bers of the House of Representatives who enteied
the service of the United States as volunteers—
members who raised regiments under authority of
commissions granted by the Governors of their
different States. They remained in the military
service during the recess of Congress, and many
of them for a part of the present session of Con-
gress. I can refer particularly to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Jackson] as an illustration
of my position. He raised a regimentof cavalry,
and remained in command of his regiment until
the rebel forces were diiven from Kentucky, or
until the cessation ofactivc hostilities in that State.
When he returned to his scat in thistlall, he called
upon the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House for a set-
tlement of his accounts. There he was met by the
statement that the law made no provision for the
absence of a member, except in case of his own
illness or the illness of a member of his family.
The Sergeant-at-Arms therefore refused, or rather
stated that he could not pay for that portion of
the session during which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had been absent from the House in the mili-
tary service of the United States.
Mr. WEBSTER. Let me correct the gentle-
man from Pennsyvama. General Jackson not
only remained with the Army until I he rebels were
driven from Kentucky, but he gallantly refused
to leave them until the authority of the United
States was restored in Tennessee.
Mr. HOLMAN. These are matters of history,
with which the whole House is acquainted, and
I therefore suggest that we proceed to vote on the
question. There is not the slightest necessity for
a lengthy discussion.
Mr. McPHERSON. This resolution is in-
tended to relieve the Sergeant-at-Arms, by pro-
viding that he shall pay to members of Congress
who have been engaged in the military service for
the period of their absence during the present ses-
sion of Congress, on their making a certificate that I
they have drawn no pay for the same time as mil- 1
itary officers. I think the proposition is a fair one. i
II wrongs no one. It protects the Government, ■
and does justice to the members who have so gal-
lantly served in the Army. I demand the previous ?
question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would suggest an amend- '
ment to the bill. The language of the bill is, pro-
vided that the member has not drawn and shall
not draw. I move to amend it by saying, " will
not draw."
Mr. McPHERSON. I accept that amendment
as a modification of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask thegentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, in order that I may make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw the demand
for that purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw the resolu-
tion, and propose it in a different shape. I think
he can accomplish the purpose he has in view in
a much better way. The reason why these gen-
tlemen cannot be paid by the Sergeant-at-Arms
is, that they are obliged to certify that they have
been absent from the House on account of the
sickness of themselves or some member of their
family.
Let the gentleman introduce a resolution which
will provide another excuse for the absence of
members, and then payment will be made; and
then he will avoid the question which will neces-
sarily arise under the resolution he has offered,
and which will compel me to vote against it. The
question is whether this House is pi epared to rec-
ognize that a man, being a member of Congress,
may be in the military service of the United States.
I understand that that question has been passed
upon by the Committee of Elections, that their
report has been made to this House, and that the
House has postponed it till the first Monday of
December nexj. I think the question is as clear
as can be. I think no man can be a member of
the House who is in the military service of the
United States. The resolution which the gentle-
man offers prejudges thatquesiion. If this reso-
lution passes th<* House, it will be equivalents a
judgment of the House on a question which they
have expressly declared shall not be considered
until December next.
Mr. McPHERSON. Let the gentleman move
an amendment, then.
Mr, PENDLETON. I will notmovc an amend-
ment, but 1 ask the gentleman to withdraw his
lesolution, and to propose it in such shape as to
obviate that objection. I cannot vote for the res-
olution in the form in which it now is. I will vote
against any proposition by which I think we shall
prejudge the question, whether under the Consti-
tution a man may be a member of the House and
at the same time a member of the Army of the
United States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio be good enough to state how
he means that this resolution, either expressly or
by implication, prejudges the question whether a
man can hold tx military commission from the
United States, and at the same time sit upon this
floor?
Mr. PENDLETON. By authorizing the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to pay the member of this House
the amount of his salary, notwithstanding the fact
that he is engaged in the military service of the
United States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLING. I do not know
but what the gentleman is right. I rather think
I am inclined to agree with him.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio has
just stated what I have sought the floor for some
time to call to the attention of the House. And,
without attempting to go over what that gentleman
has said, let me add that th   House of Represent-
atives has deliberately, tnne and again, passed on
this very question, and settled it, as unanimous
reports of the Committee of Elections, as well as
resolutions passed by the House, will attest. I
wish to inqune of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia why these men cannot take their pay in the
military service without the House taking notice
of jt? Why cannot they drnw that pay, and then
■conform to the rules which would exclude- them
from pay here? I do not want to deprive these
men ol compensation for their valuable services to
the country, nor do 1 want to recognize the fact
that men may be members of the House and in the
military seivice at the same time. 1 do not want
to have action on that question now, for the reason
already suggested by the gentleman fiom Ohio. I
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania why these
gentlemen cannot draw their pay for their military
position without any vote of ihi* House and with-
