1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13^9
wish to misrepresent him, and I hope he docs not
suppose that I wish to misrepresent him.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not, sir.
Mr. WILKINSON. Without reading me
whole provision, his amendment provides that—
"All the property and estate of every kind soever, real,
pergonal, or mixed, corporeal or incorporeal, and every
right whatever, legal or equitable, in possession, reversion,
or remainder, or in action, of each and every person being
a citizen of the United States, who shall then be engaged
in lev> ing war against the United States, 01 shall be adher-
ing to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort, shall be
forfeited for and during the natural life of the owner or
owners thereof, to caoh and all the loyal citizens of the
United tStates, who may have heretofore, or who shall heio-
aftei, suffer loss and damage byieason of any forfeiture,
confiscation, conversion, appiopriation. or seizure of any
property, estate, or rights ot what kind soever."
Mr. DAVIS. And all who fall in battle, or
who are disabled permanently in service.
Mr, WILKINSON. But the Union men who
suffer the loss must be the people in the slave
States, because as the southern army has not gone
into the North, there will be no northern claim-
ants for any portion of these slaves or this prop-
erty. Now I am at a loss to believe that the
people of Kentucky are so mercenary as that, I
am at a loss to believe that the magnanimous and
noble people of the State of Kentucky can be in-
duced by any such compensation held out to them
to support a measure which they would otherwise
oppose.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
interpose a single word of explanation?
Mr. WILKINSON. I am nearly through.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should hate to think so
poorly of the people of Kentucky as the Senator
would have me think of them. I cannot believe
that the Senator is correct in the estimate which
he places upon his own constituents. But, sir,
he alluded the other day to the case of a certain
lady in this city, a Mrs. Beall, who had some
slaves and hired them out for an aggregate sum
of about nine hundred dollars a year, as an in-
stance of the hardships that would arise under
this bill. The Senator stated that this woman,
who now receives annually for the services of her
slaves about nine hundred dollars, would under
this bill receive as compensation not much more
than that sum. I thought the statement made by
the Senator was a little singular, and this morn-
ing a gentleman of high character handed me a
memorandum explaining who this Mrs. Beall is.
It turns out that she is a woman who has been
rendering aid and comfort to the enemy. I will
read it:
" Mis. Beall and her daughter, during the months of May
and June, weic the bitteie&t kind ot fcece<siom-=t&; they ■-aid
jepeatcdlv that they Imped Jeff Davis and the confedetate
aims' would march into the capital and duve out Lincoln
and all hi* Cabinet. They exulted ov< r the death of Ells-
wouli, and s aid they hoped eveiy ' Lincoln soldiei' would
be soived in the same manner; they hoped Geneial Scott
would be killed or poisoned, and called linn a tiaitorto lu<
native .State; they boasted of having written letter to Jeflf
Davis conveying valuable information ; thev ealied the sol-
diers of the Union army duty, miserable tia->h—in shoit,
''\haii-ted the vocahulaiy ot epithets in denouncing the
Union army and the present Adinuustiation They said if
t'ue confederate army would take the city they would tin ow
open their house for the Virginia chivali j ; tlr-'y said they
would convcy information to the confodciato? at eveiy op-
poitunity, and boasted that they knew of channels tlnough
which they could and did send intelligence to the conied-
eiate-; they said the South had a light to recede, and that
the Notth had no light to object; they hoped the Union
army would ail be poisoned or die of disease."
This paper was handed to mo byavery lespect-
able gentleman, and it was written by a man who
boarded m the house of this woman this summer,
a fnend of his. That is the authority to which
the Senator referred for the purpose of proving
the hardship of this bill.
Mr. President, 1 regard this measure to abolish
slavery m the District of Columbia as eminently
just, humane, and Christian, and as tending; to
obliterate all treasonable sentiments in this Dis-
trict, and to rear up here the standard of the Con-
stitution and the Union. For this reason, I sup-
port the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulrbury,] on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (who at first voted in the
affirmative.) I will change my vote, and vote
nay.
The result was announced—yeas 0, nays 35;
as follows:
YEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot,
Grimes, Harlan, Haitis, Henderson, Howard, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Powell, Saulshury, Sherman, riumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, Wilson of Missouii, and Wright—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two amendments
have been submitted, and ordered to be printed,
one by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] and one by the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy.] The Chair docs not recollect
which was first proposed.
Mr. MORRILL. That of the Senator from
Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kansas will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Insert, as a new section:
SKC. —• be it further enacted, That the commission-
ers piovided for in t'hib act f-hall be, and they aie hereby,
authonzed to make and effect an equitable and ju&t settle-
ment of all demand's existing between the masterorowner
and the so-called slave; allowing the master a reasonable
compensation for all supplies of food, clothing, or money
he may have paid said slave, and for all expenses he may
iiave incurred m consequence of lus sickness or disability,
as well aHo <i< for all the master may have expended for his
moral or intellectual education. At the same time, to set-
tle and adjust this account, said commissioners shall allow
the slave (and charge the same against his master's ac-
count) a just and fair compensation tor all set vices rendered
and labor pei'oinied ; and such balances as the said com-
missioners may find to he actually due, either to master or
slave, shall be'paul to each respectively, out of the money
hetcby appiopnated loi cairvmg into effect the provisions,
of tln  act. All persons under the age ot twenty-one years
appealing befoie said commissioners shall be represented
by their parent^, if living, ami within the Distiict, and ad-
judged competent and responsible to act in behalf of an
inte'icst for otheis. If non-ieMdents, ot judged incompe-
tent, or not tuistwoithv, said commissioners shall appoint
trustees oi guaidums for all minors and incompetent per-
sons, whethei mavtei or slave, undei such rules and regu-
lations as theymav presciibe : Piovided* alu-ays, That in no
event shall the amount touud to be due either master or
sdave exceed tin1 avot.ige sum ot .-atfOO for each peisonhh-
eiated by the piovi-ion of this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
have some business to do in executive session to-
day, and perhaps it would be as well to submit
now a motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. As I should like to make some
remarks on this bill, and particularly on the con-
stitutional questions involved in it and this very
question of compensation, and as it is too late to
proceed to-day, I move that thefuither consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to notify
the Senate that in the existing state of business 1
shall feel obliged to ask the Senate to-morrow to
take up the naval uppiopiiation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Then \ would ask my friend
if he undeidtands that the question of iron-clad
steameis will bo discussed in connection with that
bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know anything
about that. The bill itself is a very short one,
and will probably not elicit much discussion. I
do not know what the Naval Committee may
have. I hope they will not endeavor to embar-
rass the bill with any untenable pioposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I desue to say in answer to the
inquuy of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the suggestion of the Senator from Maine, that
the Naval Committee do not desire to embarrass
the naval appropriation bill, but they intend to
attempt to make it acceptable to the people of the
country byolleiing an appropiiation of uTy con-
siderable magnitude for the construction of iron
steamers, and I apprehend theie are seveial ques-
tions growing out of that bill that will probably
occupy the entire tune to-morrow.
Mr. FOOT. There is the purchase of theSte-
j vens battery.
i Mr. GRIMES. Yes, and other propositions.
! Mi. FESSENDEN. That only shows that the
I sooner the naval appropriation bill is taken up the
j better. We certainly cannot wait for the termin-
j ation of this debate.
! Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to make a mo-
! lion that shall come in conflict with the business
• of the Senate in charge of my honorable friend
I from Maine; and if it be agreeable to the Senate
I though I make the motion with regret, for if I took
counsel of myself I should rather proceed with
the consideration of the question rrow in hand—I
move that it bo postponed until Friday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be better, per-
haps, to postpone it simply until to-morrow, and
then I can make my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is better that we
should have an understanding in advance, and I
therefore move that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed until Friday atone o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it would be as
well to adopt the ordinary course, postpone this
bill until to-morrow, and then at one o clock to-
morrow I shall move to postpone the prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the naval appropria-
tion bill. However, I have no objection to the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, if he
insists upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it will be more con-
venient, in view of what has been stated by my
friend, if the measure now in hand shall be post-
poned until Friday at one o'clock.
Mr. WILLEY. I have an amendment which
I propose at the proper time to offer to the bill
now pending:, and inasmuch as it seems likely that
the matter will be discussed to some extent further,
and inasmuch as I have no doubt that the propo-
sition by way of amendment which I shall offer
will lead to discussion, I ask leave to submit it
now and have it printed.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Friday next.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the bill is dispatched
by arrangements which I see are being made here,
I desire to say that the bill having been so long
before the Senate, I shall consent with very great
reluctance to its being postponed. Of course, if
it is the pleasure of the Spnate to take up the con-
sideration of other bills, I must yield: but I think
this bill had better go over until to-morrow, and
we can see what business we have for to-morrow,
and we may then consider the question whether the
Senate will postpone this bill to give place to other
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
understanding by which this subject is to be put
off for any other subject. We make very little
progress when we take up a bill like this and dis-
cuss it for a number of days, and then lay itaside
to take up something else. When it is again
taken tip, the discussion has to be gone over again.
I have been very anxious to have this bill disposed
of, and I discover that I have myself made a mis-
take in suffering a bill which was under discussion
for a week to be pushed out of the way by this
District of Columbia bill. The confiscation bill
will come up again, and that will be discussed,
wheieasif we had held on to that bill when it was
before the Senate, I doubt not we could have con-
cluded the discussion upon it before this. And
now if this very important bill, which, in my judg-
ment, is altogether more important than theques-
tion of passing the naval appropriation bill this
week, unless there is something I know nothing
about—I suppose this is the naval appropriation
bill for the next fiscal year 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; for this year.
Mr. TRUMRULL. If it is needed now, if
there is urgency about it, I do not know of it. I
was not aware there was any special reason why
the bill should pass this week; and I doubt not
if the Senate will turn its attention to this bill
to abolish slavery m the District of Columbia,
which is, in the judgment of the Senate and in the
judgment of the country, in my opinion, one of
the most important bills pending, we may finish
it this week. If you lay it aside and take up an-
other measure which is to be discussed, as we are
now informed by the Senator from Iowa, this bill
will come up and the whole story be gone over
again. I hope that unless there is something that
the Senate is not apprised of impelling the Sen-
ator from Maine, he will not insist, until we get
through with this bill, upon bringing up the naval
appropriation bill. If there is anything in the ex-
igencies of the country connected with naval move-
ments that requires us to act, we shall have to give
way. But my judgment is that we shall accom-
plish more by holding on to this bill until we finish
it; and if the Senate will come here to-morrow
