1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
with a determination to have a final vote upon the
bill now pending, wo can get it. Let us stay here
a little late. We have that to do sometimes.
"We have no previous question here in the Senate.
The only way to bring a question to an issue is
for Senators to remain in their seats. But if we
are to go on with a speech a day, some gentleman
getting the floor perhaps at two or three o'clock
and saying that he has something to say but it is
rather late now, and an adjournment takes place
until the nextday, and then he makes his spcech,
and another gentleman pursues the same course,
and perhaps forty speeches are to be made, I
know not how many,it will take to midsummer
to get rid of this bill. I trust that the bill under
consideration will not be postponed forany meas-
ure until we get a final vote upon it.
Mr. WADE. Imovetogo into executive ses-
sion now.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that question is put,
I desire to make a remark. It seems to me we
had better settle this question now rather than
have it come up to-morrow. The Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Ohio say we can set-
tle it to-morrow. I do not want to have it settled
to-morrow. I prefer to settle it to-day; and let
us have a plain understanding whether the busi-
ness the Senator from Maine has in charge shall
be proceeded with to-morrow, or whether this
shall be.
Mr. WADE and Mr. FESSENDEN addressed
the Chair.
Mr. WADE, (to Mr. Fessenden.) Your mo-
tion will prevail if you say the Treasury demands
it. We know that; and why take up time about
it now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to yield to
my friend's motion. I think it is a proper motion.
I simply gave notice before that to-morrow at one
o'clock I shall make the motion.
The motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent therein,
thedoors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 26, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
CHARTERED VESSELS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution ofthe Hou.se,
a report in regard to the vessels chartered by the
War Department; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
INVALID PENSIONERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House, a report in reference to the charges for
periodical examination of invalid pensioners;
which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be piinted.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to regulate the time for
holding the district court of the United States for
the western district of Virginia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ALEXANDER CUMMINGS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
ofthe House to make an explanation touching the
character of one of its committees.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, on the 17th of
December last, the committee appointed by this
House on the subject of Government contracts
made a report to the House, in which they called
attention to the manner in which a person by the
name of Alexander Cummings had been expend-
ing certain money deposited in New York subject
to his order, based upon the testimony furnished
by that gentleman to the committee on the 6th
of September last. That report was before the
House without notice from that gentleman, until
the 6th day of the present month, a period of
about three months, when it so happened that
every member of the committee had, by order of
the House, absented himself from the city in dis-
charge of his duty. Then, in the absence of every
member of the committee, this Mr. Alexander
Cummings, through his representative, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] put upon
the records of the House charges against the per-
sonal character and integrity of that committee.
It was done in the absence of the committee.
There have been frequent allusions to these
charges in the editorial columns of the press
throughout the country, couched in such partic-
ular and similar language as to leave no doubt of
their common origin. A few days since there
appeared an editorial in one of the leading papers
of the city of New York, before any member of
the committee had as yet arrived m the city of
Washington, calling particular attention to the
fact that it had made no answer in the House to
these allegations, and that therefore they must be
taken as confessed. The House will therefore
excuse the committee for embracing this the first
moment after their return to this city in asking its
indulgence, while they respond to these charges
against their personal integrity.
The committee do not propose to take up the
time of the House, so engrossed by other sub-
jects, with any sort of discussion of the arguments
and reasons—if anything in his document may be
called arguments and reasons—offered by this gen-
tleman in justification of his course. They will
let all he has offered in his own defense stand by
the side of his own story told under oath on the
6th of September last, and only desire to call the
attention of the House to the grounds and evi-
dence upon which he saw lit, in the absence of
the committee, to attack their integrity. These
charges were made on the 6th day of March, and
m the course of business since transacted in the
House, they have doubtless passed out of the
minds of all except those interested in the nature
of those charges. They are in brief and in sub-
stance, as follows: that-the committee, after hav-
ing examined him and prepaicd their report to be
made to this House, refused him, on his applica-
tion, the permission to have examined before the
committee a gentleman who would explain all
matter contained in that report reflecting upon his
expenditure of that money: that they refas^d to
have presented to the committee and to examine
into the vouchers furnished by him that would
explain all of those transactions. That the com-
mittee also, m pursuance of its purpose, altered
and falsified the record testimony furnished by
him to the committee; and that they did all of this
willfully and perveisoly, and for the purpose of
creating a sensation in the House and before the
country at his expense, and of convicting him of
charges which the commitJee knew were false.
These;, in substance, arc the grave charges in the
document presented by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, signed by Mr. Cummings, and it is to
those charges, and those alone, if the House will
permit me a few moments, that I desire to call at-
tention. That document, occupying some eight
pages of a pamphlet, has been industriously cir-
culated throughout the country; and I have the
honor to acknowledge myself the receipt of a copy
from the distinguished gentleman. Its beauty and
force and truth can only be entirely appreciated
by being compared and read in connection with
the sworn testimony of this gentleman before the
committee on the 6th day of September last, and
occupying thirty-five pages of the printed book
of testimony, beginning on page 390. As I ean-
notbelievethattliegentleman would swear falsely,
whatever he may say in any document nut sworn
to, I am compelled to examine this sworn testi-
mony in connection with this paper to show where-
in the two may differ in order that we may know
how much reliance and truth there may be in the
written statement now made to the House through
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania.
The gentleman starts out in his pamphlet with
an assertion of this sort:
-•'Towards the middle of Decembei, not long after Con-
gre>s had convened, hearing, greatly to my surprise, through
a fiiend. that the leportol' the committer, about to be made,
contained statement* injuriously affecting my reputation,
1 came to Washington fiom a siek bod, against the earnest
piotest of iuy physician, with the view of seeing the uieui-
bcis of the committee, to ascertain, if possible, what was
the question, if any, m their minds in relation to my trans-
actions. 55
He is laboring in the outset under a mistake.
The gentleman alleged that before he came to
Washington the report ofthe committee contained
statements injuriously affecting his reputation.
Now, when he camc to Washington there had
been no report made to this House, and no report
in existence which could contain such statements.
He came to Washington in this wise. The testi-
mony he gave in September had been printed,
and a copy of the proof-sheets of that testimony
had, by courtesy of the committee, been placed
in the hands of the late Secretary of War. In
consequence of the impression his printed testi-
mony in proof-sheets made upon the late Secre-
tary of War in reference to the manner in which
he had expended a portion of the $2,000,000 at
the request of the late Secretary of War, placed
to his credit in New York, Mr. Cummings came
to Washington. The testimony Mr. Cummings
gave on the 6th day of September, after it had
been taken down in short-hand by the clerk of
the committee, was written out by that clerk and
placed in the hands of Mr. Cummings for revis-
ion, and was kept by Mr. Cummings for four
days, and until he became entirely satisfied with
the position in which he left himself in that testi-
mony. He returned it to the clerk of the com-
mittee with such amendations and alterations as
he desired to make, and he left himself upon the
record just precisely as he desired to be left. There
he rested comfortably and satisfied from the 6th
day of September until December, when a copy
of the pi oof-sheets was placed, as I have said, in
the hands of the late Secretary of War.
The testimony struck the late Secretary of War
very differently from the impression it made upon
Mr. Cummings, and consequently Mr. Cummings
came to Washington in haste to sec what could be
done. Neither he nor the late Secretary of War
nor any other living man had at that time heard
with any truth that the report contained statements
touching him, because at that time no repoit had
been made by the committee. He says that find-
ing out this fact he sent straightway to New York
for the gentleman who could explain all ofthe mat-
ters about which there was any trouble, and that
he requested the committee to permit that gentle-
man to appear before it with his vouchers, but that
the committee ruthlessly, is the word he uses, and
willfully in another place, bent on creating a sen-
sation, refused to permit his witness to be exam-
ined, and the vouchers which he had in his pos-
session to be opened.
Now, sir, about what was this witness to be
examined, and about what was ho to produce
vouchers? There had been placed in the hands
of three distinguished and upright gentlemen of
New York city 4,2,000,000, subject to the order of
Alexander Cummings, without stint or restriction.
He had expended an indefinite, and, to the com-
mittee, an uncertain sum, out of that §2,000,000,
and the committee were trying find out two things
—and they found great difficulty in finding out
these two things—it was first, how much of that
§2,000,OOOhe had actually expended; and second,
what he had expended it for; and it was in the
vain endeavor to ascertain these two facts that
they drew out by examination, and by direct and
pointed interrogatories, the long story of Alex-
ander Cummings, occupying thirty-five pages of
this printed document; and that was submitted to
him to add to, or subtract from, to his own heart's
content, and lie left it there.
One would suppose, with that simple object in
view, that an honest transaction was capable of
being so explained in half that number of pages.
One would suppose that if a man had an oppor-
tunity to put the matter in his own language, he
could have no cause to complain when he got
through. But it seems that, after all, he was not
satisfied, and he complains that we would not per-
mit him to show his vouchers. Now, sir, upon
pages 396 and 397 of this testimony, you will fend
that he promised to deliver these vouchers to the
committee himself. On the last page of the testi-
mony you will find that he did deliver the vouch-
ers, and that they are now in the appendix.
The committee would fairly be authorized, then,
I think, in coming to their conclusion that he did
deliver all the vouchers he desired. But in point
of fact this gentleman is mistaken when he says
that he produced a witness with vouchers, and
asked us to examine that witness, and that we
refused to examine him. When this man came
before the committee from New York, after his
attention had been called to the way he had left
