2340
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
sufficient for the fees and expenses of such levy. And in
all ea&es of sale, as aforesaid, the certificate of such sale
by the coliectoi or deputy collector of the sale shall give
title to the puicha-ei, ot all right, title, and interest of such
delinmient 111 and to bueh propeitv, whether the piopeitv
be real or peuonal; and vvbeie the subject of sale shall be
storks the cmificate oi said sale --hall be lawful authority
and notice to the pioper eoipoiauou, company, or associa-
tion to record the sameontheii books or records, in the
same manner as if tiansieried or assigned bv the person oi
paitv holding the same, to i^ue new certificates of stock
iheiefoi in lieu of any original or prior certificates, whuh
shall be void, whothei canceled or not; and said ecitificates
of sale of the coliectoi or deputy collector, wheie the sub-
ject of sale shall he securities or othei evidences of debt,
shall be good and valid receipts to the person or party hold-
ing the same, as against any person or peisons, or other
party holding 01 claiming to hold possession of such secu-
rities or other evidences of debt.
Sec. 88. Ami be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of all peisons of lawful age, and all guaidians and
tiustees, whether such trustees are so by value of their
office as executors, admin istiators, or other fiduciary capa-
city, to make return in the list or schedule, as piovided in
this act, to the piopei officer of internal revenue, of the
amount ot his or her income, or the income of such Illinois
or persons a* may he held in tnist, as afoiesatd, according
to the requirement** hereuibeloie Mated > and in case ol neg-
lect or iefu-5.il to make Miclfienn n, the av-esbOi or assist-
ant assessor shall a.-sCss the amount of his oi ho income, and
proceed theieafter to collect tne duty thereon m the same
manner a* is provided loi in othei cases of neglect and le-
fusal to iimn-h lists or schedules iit the geneial provisions
of this act, where not otherwise incompatible, and the as-
sistant assessor may ineiease the amount ot the list or return
of any pai ty makmg&uch return, ifhe shall be satisfied that
the same is understated : Ptovided, That any paity, m his
or her own behalf, or as guaidian or tiustee, as aloiesaul,
shall be peimitted to dec-hue, under oath oraflhmatioti, the
form and manner of which shall be prescubed by the Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue, that he or she was not pos-
sessed ol an income ot $1500, liable to be assessed aceoid-
ing to the ptovtsions of Him act, or that he or .-he ha* been
assessed eWewhote and the same yeai for an income duty,
under authority of the United states, and shall theieupon
he exempt fiom an income dury; or, it tiie list or return of
any paity shall have been incieased by the assistant asses—
or, in manner as albiesaid, he or ««he may be poriuitted to
declare. as afote«aid, the amount of his or her annual in-
come, or the amount held in tiust, as uloi e-aid, liable to be
assessed, as albiesaid, and the same ^-o declared shall be
received as the sum upon which duties aie to be assessed
and collected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next section
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Slump Duties.
Src. 89. And be it J'urlhei auntcd. That on and aftei the
1st day of .May, 1802, fhete shall be levied, collected, and
paid, for and in icspect of the seveial histiumenrs, mat-
ters, and tilings mentioned and dc-cubed in the schedule
(maikcd H) hereunto annexed, or for or in re-pect of (he
vellum, paiehment, oi paper upon which such insti urnents,
matteis, or things, or any of them, shall be written or
printed, by any peimu oi persons oi paily w ho sliail make,
sign, or issue the same, oi lor wiio-*<_- use or benelit the same
shall be made, signed, ot issued, the seveial duties oi sums
of money sctdown in figures ag.nnstthe same, respectively,
or otherwise specified oi set toitU ut tiie said schedule.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. Thecommittecpro-
pose to amend this section by linking out " May,"
m the second hue, and insei ting i' July."
The amendment was agieed to.
The Secretary read sections ninety, ninety-one,
ninety-two, and ninety-three, to which no amend-
ments were proposed, as follows:
Sit. 90 And be it jmther cnacted, That if any person
or pel sous shall make, Mgn, ot issue, or cause to be made,
Mgned, or issued, any nisiiument, document, or papei, of
anv Kind or dcscispuon whatsoever, without tiie same
being dulv stamped joi d'-noting the duty heieby nnpo-ed
theieon, oi without having theieupon an adhesive stamp to
denote slid dutv, such pei-ou oi po-ons shall meuiapen
alty ot filty doiiais, and sorb uisti innenu document, oi p;i
pei, as afou'satd, shrill be deemed invalid and of no efil ef.
Src. Ui And he it fiat/w) cnwtrd, Thai no stamp appi o-
piiate<| to denote the duly < hui<>« d on anj paita ular ln-ri u-
meut, and beating the name ol such insUumenr on the face
theieol, shall he used i'oi denoting any othei duty oi the same
amount, oi, n so u-ed. the ^ani'1 shall l><• oi no avail.
•See. And be it fat they enai tad. That no vellum, paieh-
ment, or papei, beanng a stamp appiopiiated hv name to
any patticular instrument, shall be used toi an\ othei pur-
pose, oi, it so u •< d, the f-ame shall he ot no avail.
SiiC. 93. And he it fiuLkcr euro ted, Thar if any peison
shall forge or eounteiieit. ot cause or ptocure to be lorged
or counterfeited, any stamp or du\ oi any pat t oi any stamp
or die, winch -hall have been ptovuh d, made, or u-rd m
pursuance of this act, or shall huge, coimteiieit, or ie-< ni-
ble, or cause oi procuie to be loured. eomueiteiied. oi le-
sembled, the impression, or any part oi the impiessiou. of
any such stamp oi die, as afoiesaid. upon any vellum, paieh-
ment, or paper, or shall stamp or niai k. oi cause or piocuie
to be stamped oi marked, any vellum, paiehment, oi paper,
with any such torgod or counterfeited stamp oi die, orpait
of any stamp oi die,as afoiesaid. with intent rodeiiaudthe
united states ot any ot the duties hereby imposed, or any
pan theieol; or n an> pcisuu shall uttei, or sell, or expose
to sale, an> veilum, paiehment, or papei. article «>r thin",
having theieupon the impression ot any <meh eounteiieited
stamp oi die. or any pan ot any Mamp or die, ot any such
i'oiged, counterfeited, or resembled impression, or patt of
impression, as aloresaid. knowing the same respectively to
be fojged, eounteiieited, or icsembied; or if any person
shall knowingly use any stamp or die which shall have been
so provided, made, or used, a* aforesaid, with intent to de-
fraud the United Slates ; or if any peison shall fraudulently
cut. tear, or get off, or cause or procure to be cut, torn, oi
got off, the impression of any stamp or die which shall have
been provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, from
any vellum, parchment,oi paper,or any instiumentor writ-
ing chained or chaigcable with any of the duties hereby
imposed; then, and in eveiy such case, eveiy person so
offending, and every person knowingly and willfullv aiding,
abetting','oi a«si.-uug in committing any such offense a>
aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty ot felony, and shall, on
conviction thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding
$1,000, and by imprisonment and confinement tohaidlabor
not exceeding five yeais.
The Secretary read section ninety-four, as fol-
lows:
Src. 94. And hp it further enacted, That in any and all
cases where an adhesive stamp shall be used foi denoting
any duty imposed by this act, except as hcieinafter pro-
vided tor in section one bundled and three of this act, the
peison Using or alh.vmg the same shall wiite theieupon the
initials of His name, and the date upon winch the same shall
be attached oi used, so that the same may not again be used.
And if any peison shall fiaudulently make Use ot an adhe-
sive stamp to denote any duty imposed by this act without
so eileeiual'y canceling and obliterating such stamp, ex-
cept as beioie mentioned, lie, .she, oi they shall foile<t the
sum o( fifty dollars : Piovuled, nevertheless, That anv man-
uUictutoi or manutactuiersof propnetaiy at I teles, ot ai tides
subject to stamp dulv under schedule C ot this act, shall
have the privilege of fuim.-bma, without expense to the
United States, m suitable foi m, to be approved by the (Jom-
tuissiotu r of Internal Revenue, his or then own dies or de-
signs foi stamps to Iju used thereon, to be retained ni the
possession or' the Commissioner ot Internal Kevenue, tor
Ins or their sepniate u-e. That in all cases where such
stamp is used, instead of his or their writing his or theit
initials tin reon, the said stamp shall be so atfixed on the
box, bottle, or package-, that in opening the same, or using
the contents thereot,the said stamp shall be effectually dc-
stioyed ; and in deiault thereof shall be liable to the same
penalty imposed foi neglect to affix said stamp as lierein-
before pie-cubed in this act. Any pet-on forging or coun
tei feiting, or causing oi piocm ing the forging or counteitc it-
mg any leptescntation, Ukenes-, similitude, oi coloiablc
imitation ot the said last-mentioned stamp, or sclhnir the
'ame, or, bein<; a meiebant, bioker, peddler, or peison deal-
ing, in whole or in p.ut, in similar goods, wares, im-ichan-
dise, manufactures, prcpaiations, oi aitich's, or tho.se de-
signed loi sinniai objects or jniriio-es, shall have knowingly
or fiaudulently m bis, hei, or then possesssion any such
foiged, counterfeited likeness, similitude, or colotable imi-
tation of the said lasl-mentioned stamp, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanot, and, upon conviction theieof,
shall be suliject to all the ptMhtlties, tines, and loifeitures
prcscnbed in section nmetj-lhiee of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment to tins section js in lines twelve and thir-
teen, at the beginning of the pi o\ iso, lo strike out
the xvords il manufactuter ot lnanufacturer^^5, and
inseit proprietor or proprietors.M
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment is in line twenty,after the words " separate
use," to insert " which shall not be duplicated to
any other person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VI CEP RESIDENT. In line twenty-two,
after the word " initials," it is proposed to insert
" and (he date."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the beginning
of the last clause of th«- section it is proposed to
insert the words'* any peison who shall fraudu-
lently obtain or use any of the aforesaid stamps
or designs therefor and,"before the words " any
person lbiging or eounteiieiting," etc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSE.NDEN. In line four of that sec-
tion, I move to strike out the words " for in, sec-
tion one hundred and three of this act;" so as to
lead "except as heteinufter provided." The
words are unnecessary, and tiie number of the
sections is changed by our amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no otherauiend-
ment he proposed, the Secretary will lead the
next section.
Air. HOWARD. If it be in order, T desire to
make a motion in relation to section ninety of the
bill. It has been read, but no amendment has
been made'to H.
Air. FESSENDEN. Unlessthe Senator wishes
to propose a mere verbal amendment, u will not
be in oi dei until we get through the amendments
of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps it is not strictly in
order, but I (h-sire to call the attention of my
friend from Maine to it. I see that every instru-
ment which is not pioperiy stamped that is signed
or issued by any person as a note or bond, is
declared to be void m law; and this,although the
person signingand issuing such commercial paper
subjects himself to a fine of fifty dollais besides.
I am of the opinion that the provision making
the instrument itself void ought to be stricken out;
but I shall let it go until we come to act on it
again.
The Secretary read section ninety-five, as fol-
lows;
Ste. 9o. And he it fanther enacted, That if any person or
persons shall make, sign, or issue, or cause to be made,
signed or issued, oi shall accept or pay, or cause to be
accepted or paid, am bill of exchange, "draft, or oider, or
piomissory note lor the pa>meut of money liable to any
of the duties imposed by this act. without the same being
duly stamped, or having thereupon an adhesive stamp lor
denoting the duty hereby charged thereon, lie, she, or they
shall, for eveiy such bill, diaft, order, or note, forfeit the
sum ot §200.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to amend the section by inserting in line
four, after the word "paid," the woids "with
design to evade the payment of any stamp duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the ninety-sixth section, to
which no amendment was proposed, as follows:
Sec. 96. Ami be it further enacted, That the acceptor or
acceptois of any bill of exchange or order for the payment
of any sum of money drawn, oi purpoiting to be drawn, m
any loieisu countty. bm pajuble in the United States, shall,
beioie paving or accepting the same, place thereupon a
stamp, iiHhcatnig the duty upon the same, as the law re-
qunes for bills ot exchange; and no bill of exchange shall
be paid or negotiated without sueh stamp ; and if anv per-
son shall pay or negotiate, or oiler in p.i> ment, or leceive
or take in pajment, any such diaft or oidei, file poison or
peisons sooiiendmg shall toiieit the miiii of >?!00.
The ninety-seventh section was read, as follows:
Sfc. 97. And he it further enacted, That the Cortnnisi-
sionei ol internal Revenue be, and is hereby, authonzed to
sell to and supply coliectois, deputy coliectoi s, postmasteis,
<-tauoneis, ot anyothei persons,.a his diseietiou, with ad-
hesive stamps oi stamped paper, vellum, or paichuient, as
heiein piovided for, upon the pa) ment, at the time of deiiv-
ciy, of the amount ot duties smd stamps, stamped paper,
veiluin, oi paiehment, i-o sold or Mipphed, repiesent, and
may thereupon allow and deduct fi om the ablegate amount
of such stamps as afoiesaid, the sum of not exceed ins five
pei cent, as commission to the collectors, postma.-tcH,
stationersijor other puichasei!?; but tho eo&t of any paper,
vellum, or paiehment thai! be added to tiie amount, after
deduetimr the allowance ol per cent, as aforesaid: Pro-
i ulcd, '1'hat no commission shall be allowed on anv sum or
sinus so sold or supplied ot le^-, amount than filtv dollars.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue may iioin tune to
tune make regulations lor the allowance ot such of the
stamps issued under the provisions of this ac t a~ may have
been spoiled or leudered useless, ot unlit lot the pm pose in-
tended, oi foi which the owner niav have no use, oi which
tinougli mistake may have been unptopetlv oi utinet es-
sai ily Used. Oi where the iatc-5 or duties repieseuted thereby
have been paid in etioi oi lemitted; and such allowance
fchali be made either b.v giving other stamps in lieu of the
Ptampi so allowed foi. or by repaying the amount or value,
after deducting theieirom, in ease ot lepajment, the &um
of five per cent., to the owner thereof.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to amend the section by inserting after the
word " dollars" in the sixteenth line:
And provided further, That anv pioprietoror pioptietors
oi iiitides named in schedule C\ who shall furnish his or
their jiwn die or design toi stamps, to be u.-ed especially lor
hisorthen own propnetaiy articles, s^ui be allowed the
following discount, namely : on amounts purchased atone
tune ol not less than fifty nor more than $500, flve per
cent ; on amounts ovci §-50S), ten per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretin y read the ninety-eighth and ninety-
ninth sections, to winch no amendment was pio-
posed, as follows:
Sec. 98 And he il fin ther enacted. That it '-hall be law-
ful for any peison to piesent to tin Commissioner of Interna!
Revenue any msuutnent, and tequne his opinion whethei
or not the same is chaigeable wuli any duty ; Jtul.! the s ud
commissi one! shall be of opinion that su< h uistiament is
not ciidigeabie wnh an) stamp dutv. it shall be iavvlul lor
bun, and he is heieby lequued, to impiess theieon a par-
ticulai stamp, to bo ptovid<d ioi that poipo^e, with bUeh
won! oi words oi device theieon as lie shall judge pioper,
winch -hall sonify and denote that such iiistiuniont is not
chargeable wuti an} stamp duty ; and every such instru-
ment upon wlmdi the said stamp shall be utipi es^ed -hall
be deemed to he not -o chaiiieable. and shall be icccived m
evidence in all couitsol law oi equity, notwith-trunhngaiiv
objection^ made to the sam<\ asb( in« ehai geabie with stamp
duty, and not stamped to denote the same.
See. 99. And he it Jmther enacted. That on rind aftei the
date on winch tiu-> act shall lake efli-et. no nie<o,.ph com-
pany or its agent or employe shall leceive horn anv per-on
i j oi transmit to any peison anv di-patch ot menage'without
: au adheMvo stamp denoting" the dury impo-'-d ny tin- act
being nttiv d to a < opy the i"u!, oj having the -am" statuped
thereupon, and in d"}«nilt theieoi shall incui a ppn.Ufy of
tend<iinrs : f'm uh\!, That only on" stamp shall beieqtmed,
vvhciher -eut tl.tough oii'j or moie companies.
Section one hundred was read, as I'ollows:
Sfc. 100. And be it furthei enacted, That on and alter the
date on winch this act shall take elTcet, no exp;ess company
or its agent or employe shall receive for transportation trom
