THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 127
out any recognition on the part of the House that
they do hold such military positions? I hope the
gentleman will answer my question.
Mr. McPHERSON. I am willing to adopt any
plan which will secure the object which I have in
view, and at the same time obviate the objections
urged by the gentleman from Ohio and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I will cheerfully ac-
quiesce in any arrangement which they may sug-
gest for the purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the question
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. Ihe rea-
son why the members who are in the military ser-
vice do not receive pay for their military positions
is because the pay department has uniformly re-
fused to pay them.
. Mr. DAWES. On what ground does it refuse
to pay them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. On no other ground than its
ipse dixit. I am a member of the House, and also
a member of the volunteers from New York, ac-
cepted by the United States Government. I do
not hold any commission under the Federal Gov-
ernment, and hence I see nothing in the Consti-
tution forbidding'me from filling both of those
places, so far as I can do so. The rule which has
neen observed here, of withholding nay from me
while serving in camp, and demanding of mc a
certificate which I cannot sign, results in this:
that every day 1 spend in camp costs me thirteen
dollars—$8 50 a day being deducted from my pay
here, and I have to support myself and servant
and horse in camp. 1 have served this Govern-
ment more than four months since Congress came
together, at a cost every day of $13 5(fto myself.
Such is the result of the rule of the Mouse and of
the pay office which you have established. I pro-
test against it, 1 am in favor of the suggestion of
the gentleman from Ohio, that you shall only ask
of those situated as 1 am to say upon the receipt
that we have not been absent from the House ex-
cept in the military service of the country.
Mr. DAWES. I recognize the valuable ser-
vices of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and of those situated as he is, us much as
any member of this House, and 1 do not desire
to throw any obstacle in their way beyond that
which the Constitution imposes. I do not want
to argue with him at this time, that his holding a
commission under the Governor of New York
does not make any difference. I will suggestthat
if there can be. nny way in which a resolution can
be passed which will not recognize the fact that
members of Congress can hold a position in the
Army, it is cxactly what I want.
There have been cases where gentlemen have
drawn pay for both services. I have no objection
to their doing that, if it can be done according to
law. I am not here to stint any man who per-
forms f>uch arduous duties, and if the laws will
permit him to draw pay for both services, I have
no objection personally. But when we come to
say, by resolution, that a member of Congress
may hold both places, then we are setting a pre-
cedent which, if carried out, will in time strike at
the independence of the House of Representatives,
and it cannot possibly be tolerated.
I have before me a statute which throws light
upon this subject, as well as docs that wluc.h has
been said in relation to the Constitution. It is as
follows:
"No per&on hereafter who hold*, or --hall hold, any office
ttmlet the Government of the United State*, whose t-alniy
or annua! compensation shall amount to the sum of #2,500,
Muill receive compensation for de-ichnigin? the duties* ot any
other office."
I beg leave to call the attention of the House to
this statute. Difficulties surround this subjecton
all sides. 1 f these gentlemen can get their pay ac-
cording to the compensation to which they are en-
titled in the Army, without any questionsasked,
I shall be glad, and i shall turn my back upon it
and say not a word. But if you call upon us to
authorize their taking pay as members of Con*
gress and pay us officers of the Army, 1 say we
would be doing that which is in the facc of the
Constitution and in the face of the statutes of the
land.
Air. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have but a frw
words to say in relation to the pending proposi-
tion; and I shall merely speak of the course which
I myself have pursued; If { believed that, by
holding a commission in the militia of the State of
Missouri, and serving under the call of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, I was violating the
Constitution of the TJrnted States, 1 would not take
my seat here. My opinion differs from that of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes-,}
and the Committee of Elections, of which he is
chairman. 1 have studied to avoid, and did last
summer, the difficulty which lay in the way of
my accepting a military appointment.' When I
left my home in July last, the troops of the United
States were in possession of the country embraced
in my congressional district, or the greater part
of it. After my return from this city, I could not
go to my home, because the enemy was in pos-
session of the country. I then took steps to raise
a military force, by the sanction of the President
and Secretary of War. In pursuance of that au-
thority, I raised a regiment, not of regulars, but of
militia, and of that regiment I was commissioned
the commanding officer, and I commanded it so
long as it was in the service of the United States.
In doing that, I endeavored to steer clear of any
constitutional objection, and did so in my own
opinion. And if I believed now that I was here
in violation of the Constitution of the country, I
should cease to answer to my name or to partici-
pate in the debates of this House.
Now, a word in reference to pay. With my
property in the possession o£the enemy, my land,
my stock and everything which was movable, ex-
cept my servants, with my crops destroyed, and
without any money in my pocket, I did not hes-
itate, while in the service of the country, to re-
ceive the pay to which I was entitled by virtue of
the command I exercised. At the same time, I
have not received pay, as a member of Congress,
for the time I was absent.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not sup-
pose that I alluded to him.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. By no means. I
make this declaration because I prefer to place it
upon the records of the country. I know that
whatever was said by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was said in the kindest manner possi-
ble, and with no intention to give offense in any
manner, certainly not to me.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. I wish to say at this stage
of the discussion, that Colonel Jackson, of Ken-
tucky, who is interested in this resolution, has
never received a single cent of pay as colonel, either
of the militia of Kentucky or the volunteers of the
United States. He believed that he had aright
to his pay as a member of Congress, lie has not
received that pay as yet, and he has refused to
receive pay for his services as an officer of the vol-
unteers of the Government of the United States
or of the State of Kentucky, and he expects Con-
gress to pay him as a member of Congress.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I am satisfied
that those members who have gone into the field
will be injured in almost any view that is likely
to be taken in this case by way of legislation. And
when I say injured, I mean to say that they will
not receive compensation sufficient to pay for the
services they performed and the expenditures they
were compelled to make in the service of the coun-
try.
I do not wish to raise the question here whether
a member of Congress can hold his seat here and
at the same time hold an office in the Army. And
with a view to this matter being propei ly adjusted,
and after due consideration, if the friends of this
measure will agree to it, I will move to refer the-
whole subject to the Judiciary Committee, with
leave to report at any time. My object is that it
may be got in some shape where justice may be
done to the officeis concerned, to the members of
the House, and to the country.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the motion be
submitted after I shall have finished my remarks.
I desire to state what was my own course in this
matter,, because it is right that the House should
hear it from me instead of from others. While I
have been in the military service, with the excep-
tion of the months of the extra session when 1
was at home in command of a regiment of home
guards—for which I received no compensation—
the Sergcant-at-Avms hae deducted my pay, ac-
cording to law, for the time I was absent; at least
lie basso informed me. During il/c latter period of
time I received the pay to winch I was entitled
by my military position. In doing so, I believe
I have not done wrong. I believe my course was
correct. If I have committed an error in this
matter, let the House say eo now, for I prefer to
have the charge made at this time rather than have
it made when I might be absent.
Mr. BIDDLE. As the course of those whcr
have held military commissions during a period
while they were members of the present Congress
seems to be the topic of this discussion, antf as'
those who know that I am within that category-
may expect me to state what has been my own
course in this matter, J desire to say that it has"
been precisely the same, I believe? as that of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] Dur-
ing five months of the period while 1 was in the-
field, during the past year,!1 was an elected-mem--
ber of this Congress. Being somewhat uncertain
whether I should ever take my seat here, I re-
ceived my pay as colonel of volunteers at the stated
periods when my regiment was paid-. I did not
attend the extra session of last year. I resigned'
my military commission at the beginning of this
session. On arriving here and' taking my seat, I
informed the Sergeant-at-Arms of the date to
which I had been paid asa military officer. From
that date I have drawn my pay as a member of
the House, I have never drawn pay for the same
time in both capacities. Without offering any
opinion on a matter so personal to myself, I sim-
ply state the facts in order that they may contrib-
ute so far as they can to the infoimation of the
House. 1 offer no comment or argument upon
the resolution now before the House, nor upon the
course which other gentlemen may have found'
proper to adopt.
Mr. FOUKE. Mr. Speaker  it seems to be ne-
cessary that I should say something on the pres-
ent occasion, having served in the Army since
August last up to within a very short period of
time. When I and some other members from my
portion of the State of Illinois concluded to go
home and raise volunteers for the service of the-
United States, the question came up whether we-
could hold the two positions. There was not a
dissenting voice from either the national or Stater
Executives. We were informed that it was- not
desired that we should resign our positions on this
floor. We were told that they preferred we should
hold ourpositionsandalsogointothe Army.This
was after the disaster of Bull Run. We felt that
something was to be done, that southern Illinois
had to be raised to a sense of the impoi tant crisis
then on the country. 1 believe that we were per-
fectly justified in the course that we took.
As to the matter of pay, I desire to state what
was my course. While I was in the Army X re-
ceived my pay. It was necessary that 1 should
do it. 1 had to defray my expenses in camp, the
expenses of my family at home, and the expenses
of sick soldiers to and from their homes. I believe
that every dollar of my pay has gone m that way*
and for the purpose of promoting the comfort and
welfare of my soldiers, and for the benefit of the
country. 1 believe I may have drawn a few dol-
lars more than I am entitled to, unless 1 am en-
titled to both my salaries. That may be taken out
of my future salary,and I am perfectly willing that
it shall be.
This is a plain statement of facts. The members
from Illinois who have been in the Army have
pretty generally expended all their salary in out-
fits, equipments, &c. The troops employed in the
West were without the conveniences which were
enjoyed by the troops employed near the capital.
U was therefore necessary we should make these
outlays. We did so out of our own pockets, freely
and voluntarily, and we do not regret it. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms very properly withholds my pay
as member of Congress during the time I served
in the Ai my.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In raising regi-
ments in the West we pursued a different course
from that pursued in the EusU The regiment
which I had the honor to command had no charge
made for its transportation, except for my own
transportation from the town of Holla to the city
of St. Louis. When raised, they were mustered
into the sei vice of the United States. Thevdrew
their rations, their clothing, and their camp and
garrison equipage, precisely as soldiers of the
Army. There were no bills of $10,000, £20,000,
or $50,000 to be made against the Government of
the United States for the raising of that legiment.
As a matter of course, it entailed expenses on the
officers engaged in raising the regiment, an ex-
pense of which no account was kept, and none-
intended to be preferred against the Government.
