1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 59
If you do that—if you adopt both the proposition
of the Senator from Vermont and the amendment
which I have offered—the Army of the United
States will be left entirely free from having any-
thing to do, or any connection whatever with
slaves; and I believe that is the proper policy to
be pursued.
Mr. RICE. I propose as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware to add
the words,ti who may be a loyal citizen of the
United States."  
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on agreeing to the amendment asamended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have that
amendment of the Senator from Delaware as
amended read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
JlnA he it further ci\acte<l, That it shall not be lawful tor
any soldier or ofltcei, under like penalty, to entice, decoy,
or retain any per>on held to service or labor in the United
States from fits or her master or ownei who may be a loyal
citizen ol the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The penalty provided in
the bill is, that the person offending shall be dis-
missed from the service. Now, 1 take it, under
that amendment, if any soldier wanted to get dis-
missed fiom the service, he would have nothing
to do but to entice a slave, and he would get him-
self and the slave both dismissed.
Air. WILSON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment in every shape and form, and to any legis-
lation protecting, covering, or justifying slavery
for loyal or disloyal masters. The laws on that
subject are all that ought to be given at this time.
What I want to do is, to put upon the statute-
book of this country a prohibition to the officers
of the Army of the United States from arresting,
detaining, and delivering up persons claimed as
fugitives by the use of military power. There is
no law for it. They have acted m violation of
law. Some of these officers have dishonored the
profession and disgraced the country, and I mean,
if God is willing, and I have the power, to reject
their coufn mation here for that reason, and 1 give
them the notice now. 1 want the bill to pass for
that pm pose, and lea\ e this other matter just as it
stands under the existing laws of the country,*
which I think are ample and sufficient.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, as the bill stood
upon the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
it was a prohibition to any officer of the Army
from using his power to cause the delivery up of
any fugitive slave, though known to be such, to
any master claiming him, though known to be his
lawful master. The idea of the Senator was to
exclude the action of military power on this sub-
ject altogether. Well, sir, to that 1 make no ob-
jection; but now the Senator from Massachusetts
objects to a proposition which forbids officers and
soldiers of the Army from enticing, harboring, or
pieventing the recovery—that is ""the amount of
it—of a fugitive slave, known to be such, upon
the application of his master, known to be his law-
ful owner, accoiding to the laws of the State in
which he lives. What is the effect of that? Itis
an invitation to all theslaves of the State of Mary-
land who can do so to resort to the camp, sure
ot protection Ihete, fiist, because no officer of the
Aimy can oidei their delivery up to their master,
however loyal or however indisputable his title
may be to that slave. It is an invitation, there-
fore, to all such people to resort to the lines ofthe
Army as a harbor of refuge, a place of asylum, a
spot where they enn -be safe from the operation of
the undoubted legal rights of the owner. That is
the effect of#it; and that is an invitation to the
whole body of such people within the loyal State
of Mainland to accomplish their freedom by indi-
rection. It is not an act of emancipation in its
tei ms; but, so far as it can operate and does ope-
rate, it leads directly to that lesuk. I know the
fact that the slaves of masters whose titles are un-
doubted and their loyalty unquestioned, have re-
sorted to camps, and the officers sometimes have
been very unwilling and have positively refused
to take any step whatever m the matter? What
is the result of that? A great many of these sol-
diers come from States where they hold this whole
system of domestic servitude in such dislike that
they will not permit the master to exercisc his
undoubted, valid rights, oven though he goes ac-
companied by an officer of the law. lie cannot
exercise his rights except at the peril of personal
iil treatment from these soldiers, who are not to
be restrained by a military officer, and who, there-
fore, will make their will the law of the ease. Sir,
I do not think that is right. I think that is making
a camp of the United States Army a refuge for
runaway negroes. I think we are violating the
rights of loyal masters in loyal States.
As for its operation in other States, the bill will
have no operation there any way. I do not look
to it as having any effect at all in any ofthe States
which have seceded. Its effect is to take aw,ay the
property of the people of Maryland, and of the
loyal people of Maryland too. If it does not have
that effect it will have none. I think, therefore,
the amendmentoughtto be retained,and thatequal
justice demands it. If it is not retained, we of
Maryland shall have to consider that our rights
in this species of property are set aside, so far as
this Governmentcansetthemasidebysuch an act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he had announced the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware, as amended, as having
been agreed to before this discussion commenced.
Mr. SUMNER. There must have been some
mistake. 1 ceitainly did not understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair as dis-
tinctly stated the question as it was capable of
stating it. The bill, however, is now in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and Senators can have another
vote on the.amendment when the bill is reported
to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the first amendment made us in
Committee ofthe Whole, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, to strike out all of the
original bill, and insert the following:
Be it cnctctcd, #c., Tjiat nn officer of the Army or Navj'
of the United States, or of the volunteers or militia in the
seivice ol' the United States, shall asMime or exercise any
nnlitaiy command oi authouty to aijre&t, hold, detain, or
contiol any poison on account ot'such pcrvm being holden
to fceivice as ot" Afncan descent, and any such oliiecr bo
oftendmgshall be di>im^ed tiom service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not exactly like the
wording of that amendment. It provides, if I
understand it, that no ofiiccr shall control or de-
tain any slave—" person held to service " is the
language 
The'VICE PR ESIDENT. The morning hour
having: expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to lay before the Senate the special order of the
day, which is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the resolu-
tion relating to the seat of the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Bright,] which was made the special
order for this mot nin^, be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To do that, the
Senator must move to postpone the pending ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that all prior or-
ders be postponed for the purpose of taking up
that resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is the business
before the Senate r
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending busi-
ness is the unfinished busincssof yesterday, which
relates to the Senator's scat.
Mi. LAN E, of Kansas. 1 desire to state to the
Senate that I am extremely anxious, with the
contestant, to have that case decided and voted
upon this morning.
"Mr. SUMNER. We have been occupied sev-
etal dnya already on the seat ofthe Senator from
Kansas. It seems to nie important, in the older
of business here, that we should finish that before
we take up another case. On that ground, Ishall
myself vote for proceeding to-day with the ques-
tion on the seat of the member from Kansas. I
join with my friend from Minnesota in anxiety also
'to reach the ease of the seat of the Senator from
Indiana: but it seems to me, having commenced
the discussion of the seat of the Senator fiom
Kansas, we had better go on with that until it is
finished.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am willing that this
matter shall go over until to-morrow, if it can be
so ananged that itshall be considered then, ldo
not wish to disturb the order of business in the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, if we——-
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be allowed to make a statement, the question to
which the Senator from Minnesota has alluded
was made the special order of the day; it is a ques-
tion of privilege. The question now pending
before the Senate is also a question of privilege.
They were both questions of privilege, and tKis
being the unfinished business, took precedence oh
thatground only, The other ease will remain as
a special assignment, and will remain not only as
a question of privilege, but a privileged question.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I am willing to abide
the decision of the Senate.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
. The Senate resumed the consideration of the <
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in rela-
tion to the seatoccupied by Mr. Lane, of Kansas.
The report concludes with the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That James II. Lane is not entitled to a seat in
this body.
Resolved, That Frederic P. Stanton is entitled to a seat
in this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] to amend the first reso-
lution, by striking out the word " not.'*
Mr. CLARK. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, not until
late in the discussion of last evening (lid I pro-
pose to say anything upon this question. It was
only after that discussion that t came to under-
stand the great importance of the question before
the Senate. It is not only important as a grave
precedent, but as involving, in my judgment, some
of the cardinal doctrines that lie at the foundation,
of the Republic, and I have felt it my duty to at
leastexpi*ssmy opinions, whether they may have
weight with the Scnateuor not.
As I had occasion to state yesterday, the ques-
tions involved appear to me to be simple ones. I
may be in error; but I am confident in the sound-
ness of my conclusions. I took occasion then to
state the first position; that the office of brigadier
general was known to our laws; that the power
of appointing brigadier generals belonged to the
Federal Executive. These are simple, indisputa-
ble facts. If, then, the office existed by law, the
President having the power of appointment, and
making an appointment, although there might be
a legal incumbent, that appointment would con-
stitute itn officer, a brigadier dejacto, and would
clothe him with the power, if not the right, to act
as such. How often does it occur that there are
two persons claiminga scat upon the bench which
one occupies, commissioned by competent author-
ity, but without legal right? He can only be
challenged, first, by the State asking that the in-
cumbent be ousted, because he has not a right;
and next, by the person having the legal title, no
one else having the right to dispute it. As long
as he acts under the commission as such officer,
his acts are valid. This is true of a judge; it is
true of a sheriff; it is true of any person who
holds under color of office, be he a civil or a mili-
tary officer.
Now, a person who is an officer de facto is in
fact an officer. General Lane, whether the Pres-
ident rightfully commissioned him or not, under
thatcommission was an officer ofthe United States
Government, and had the legal power to act. Oth-
erwise how would it be? Suppose he, at the head,
of his brigade, calling it a brigade—for without
law it would not be one—should go out into the
field, and make war even upon enemies, his acts
would be murder; not merely homicide. If,.act-
ing as such, he had no legal right, and was no
officer, and lie should arrest a party on a charge
for which, by the articles of war,he would be sub-
jected to the penalty of death, and he should ex-
ecute that party, his act would be murder. Will
the Senator from Kansas undertake to say the law
would be otherwise ? Will any gentleman in this
Senate imdeitake to say the law would bo other-
wise ? He was at. the head of his brigade; he ex-
ercised military authority; he did it by virtue of
an office which he held, although he might not
hold it by right; although some other person might
have had the reffal right to cxercisb the functions
of the office in his place. But more than that, he
having a commission, (for we will not dispute
about"technicahties, it is not the proper place,) he
having thereby color of office, and acting in that
office—and it is not disputed that he did act in
