1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2341
any person, any bal^, bundle, box, or package of any de-
sci iptioiu \vj! hout delivoi in« to the assignor thereofa printed
lecoipt, having stamped or affixed thereon a ^tamp denoting
the dut\ imposed by this act, and in default theieof shall
incui a penalty of ten dollars: Provided, That but one
stamped leceipt shall be lequired for each shipment fiom
one jj.ufj- to another party at the same time, whether mjcIi
shipment eon?i<t  of one ormoie picka<>e : And provided*
also, That no stamped receipt-? shall be required for any
bale, bundle, box, or pacicago tianspoited for tlie Govern-
ment, nor for such bale*, bundles, boxes, or paekagps, as are
transported by such companies without charge thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittee pro-
pose to amend this section by inserting in the
fourth iine, after " box," the word "article;" by-
inserting " either" before " delivery," in the fifth
hne; by substituting4' consignor" for "assignor,"
in the sixth line; by inserting the words "or with-
out affixing thereto an adhesive stamp or stamps
denoting such duty," after " act," in the eighth
line; by inserting the word " stamp," after " re-
ceipt," in the tenth lino: by inserting the words
"or stamp" after "receipts," in the fourteenth
line; and "article" after "box," in the four-
teenth line, so as to make the section read:
Sec. 100. Aad be it further enacted, That on and after
the date on which thi-> act thai I take effect, no expie>s
company or its agent or employ^ 'shall receive for trans-
portation from any person, any hale, bundle, bov, article,
or package of any descnption, without either delivering to
the consignor thereofa punted receipt, having stamped or
affixed thereon a stamp denoting the duty imposed by tins
act, or without affixing thereto an adhesive stamp oi stamps
denoting such duty, and in default theieof shall incur a
penalty of ten dollais: Provided, That but one stamped
receiptor stamp shall be lequned for each shipment from
one party to another party at the same tune, whether such
shipment consists of one or mote packages : Andpiovidcd,
also, That no stamped iccoipts or ^tainp^ shall bo requited
for any bale, bundle, box, article, or package transported
for the Government, nor for such halo, bundles, boxes, or
packages as are tran poited by such companies without
charge thereon.
The amendments were agreed to.
Section one hundred and one, to which no
amendment was proposed, was read, as follows:
Sue. 101. And he it further enacted, That all the piovis-
ions of this act relatinc to dies, stamps, adhesive stamps,
and stamp duties, shall extend to and include (except
whoie manifestly inapplicable) all the aificles or objects
enumeiated In schedule marked C, subject to stamp duties,
and apply to the provisions in lelation thereto.
Section one hundred and two was read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 102. And be It further enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May, 1862, no poison ot persons, firms, companies,
or coiporation^,shall make, pif pare, and sell,  i lemove foi
consumption or sale, dings, medicines, prepaiations, com-
position*, articles, ot things, including p 'tfumeiy, cosmet-
ics, and plavmg caul-, upon winch a duty impo-ed by
this act. a-> enumeiateil and mentioned in t-eheduh' C, with-
out affixing thoieto an adhesive stamp or labeldenotingthe
duty betoie mentioned, and in default thereof shall incui a
penalty often dollais. Piocided* That nothing liei.-in eou-
tauied'^hall apply to unv uncomponnded medicinal di ngoi
chemical, 1101 to any medicine compounded according to
the United States or other national phaimacopcpia, ma of
which the full and proper fotmula is published m eitherof
the dispensatories, toimulaiie^, or text-books in common
use among physicians and apothecaues, including homceo-
pathie and eclectic, or in any phaimacouuc.il journal now
issued by any mcorpoiated college of pharmacy, and not
sold oi otfVicd lor sal \oi advertised underany othei name,
f'otm, ot guw, than that under which they mav be severally
denominated and laid down in --aid phaun.icopceun, dis-
pensatories, text-book*, or journals, as afoie-aid. nor to
medicines sold to or lor the use of any person, winch may
be mixed and compounded s-peciaHy loi said pei ons, ac-
cording to tlic written loeipo of anv physician oi suiguon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose, in the second line, to strike out " May"
and insert " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section one hundred and
three, as follows:
Sec. 103. And bo it, farther enacted, That every manu-
facturer or maker of any of the aitides for sale mentioned
in schedule C, alter the same shall have been so made, and
th'1 paiUeular-i heieinbrfuie icquued as to stampu have been
complied with who ^imlt rake off, remove, or detach, or
cause, or peimit, or suffer to be taken off, oi removed, or
detached, any stamp, oi who *ha!I use anv stamp, or any
wiapper oi cover to which any stamp is affixed, to cover
any other aiticle oi commodity than that ougmally con-
tained in such wrappei ot cover, with such stamp when
first u^ed, with the intent to evade the stamp duties, shall
for every Mich article, respectively, in le-peet of winch any
such offense shall be committed, be subject to a penalty of
fifty dollar, to be leeovcied before any ptopei judicial tu-
burial of the United State3, together with the co.-to titete-
npon acciumg, and every such aiticle or commodity as
afoiesaid shall also be foiieited.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out the words " before any proper
judicial tribunal of the United States," in the thir-
teenth and fourteenth lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sections one hundred and four and one hundred
and five, to which no amendment was proposed,
were read, as follows:
Sec. 104. And be it further enacted, That every maker or
manufacture! of any ot the aiticles or commodities men-
tioned in schedule O, as aforesaid, who .-hall  ell, >cnd out,
remove, or deliver any aiticle oi commodity, manufactured
as aforesaid, before the duty thereon shall have been fully
paid, by affixing thereon the proper stamp, as in this act
provided, oi who shall hide or conceal, or cause to be hid-
den or concealed, ot who shall remove or convey away, or
deposit, or cause to be removed or conveyed away from or
deposited in any place, any such aiticle or commodity, to
evade the duty chaigeable thereon, or any part thereof,
shaH be subject to a penalty of $100, together with the for-
feiture of any such aiticle or commodity : Provided, That
medicines, preparations, compositions, peifumery, and cos-
metics, upon which stamp duties arc required by this act,
mav, when intended lor exportation, be manufactured and
sohl,oi removed withouthavmg stamps affixed thereto, and
without being chaiged with duty, as aforesaid ; and every
manufactut er or maker of any article, as aforesaid, intended
for expouauon, shall give such bonds, and be subject to
Mich rules and regulations to protect the revenue against
fiaud as may be fiom time to time prescribed by the Sec-
retaty of the Treasury.
Sec. 105. Andhext further enacted, That eveiy manu-
facturer or maker of any of the articles or commodities as
aforesaid, or his chief workman, agent, or superintendent,
shall at the end of each and every month make and sign a
declaration in writing that no such article or commodity,
as aforesaid, has, dunng such preceding month, or time
when the lastdeclaiation was made, been removed, can ied,
or sent, or caused, or suffered, or known to have been re-
moved, earned, or sent fiom the premises of such manufac-
tuier or maker, other than such as have been duly taken
account ot and charged with the stamp duty, on pain of
such manufacturer or maker forfeiting, for every refusal or
neifleet to make such declaration, $100; and if any such
manufactutei or maker, or his chief workman, agent, or su-
peimtendent, shall make any lalse or untrue decimation,
such manufacture! oi maker, or chief woikman, agent, or
superintendent, making the same, shall lorfeit $50d.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Mu\j 24, 18G2.#
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Suxderlaxd, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONFLICT OF JURISDICTION.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to what T consider
to be a privileged question. I will send it to the
Clerk's desk and let him read it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
privileged question.
Mr/WIOKLIFFE. I have reduced it to writ-
inland I ask the Cleik to read it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman should Estate the nature of the question he
proposes to present. Otherwise a gentleman could
have anything read under the plea that it was a
privileged question.
Mr. WICIvLFFFE. The nature of it is this:
there is now pending m this District a most dan-
gerous and threatening conflict, which may lead
to bloodshed. It is nothing less than a conflict of
jurisdiction between military power and the ju-
dicial power. The military power, under the au-
thority of the so-called military aovuinor of this
District, has seized the jail of this District.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that ho
does not see how that can constitute a question of
privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the privileges of this
country are not a question of piivilege, i should
like to know what is.
TheS?EAKER. The Chair does not think
the gentleman presents a question of piivilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If we are to sit here and
allow this conflict to go on, and cannot bring the
matter before the House, 1 think it is time that it
was understood.
The SPEAKER. It is nothing relating to the
privileges of the House or to the privileges of any
member, and therefore it is not a question of priv-
ilege.
CONFISCATION.
The House then proceeded to the special order,
being House bill No. 471, to confiscate the prop-
erty "of rebels for the payment of the expenses of
the present rebellion, and for other purposes; and
House bill No. 472, to free from servitude the
slaves of rebels engaged in or abetting the exist-
ing rebellion against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, on which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, by the consent
of the House submitted an amendment to House
bill No. 472, in the nature of a substitute.
The discussion of the special order was contin-
ued by Messrs. KELLOGG of Illinois, HARD-
ING, TRAIN, THOMAS of Massachusetts,
EDWARDS, RICHARDSON, and WHALEY.
[Their speeches will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
The hour of five o'clock having arrived, the
House took a recess until half past seven o'clock,
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m., Mr. Ashley occupying the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The debate on the confiscation bill was con-
tinued by Messrs. DUNLAP, HUTCHINS,
CLEMENTS, CRAVENS, BEAMAN, RICE
of Maine, and WALTON of Vermont. [Their
speeches will appear in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. CRAVENS, (at
a quarter after nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 26, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The'Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of P. F.
Mulligan and George Stabler, praying for an ap-
propiiation to enable them to water Pennsylvania
avenue from the Capitol gate to Twentieth street,
and Seventh street, from the Avenue to I street;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying for
the incorporation of additional banking capital in
the District, to be secured by United States stocks;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mis-
souri, praying for an increase of the militia of that
State, for the protection thereof; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented the credentials of Hon.
James Dixon, elected by the Legislature of Con-
necticut a Senator from that Stale for the term of
six years fiom the 4th of March next; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of AnthonyS. Robinson,
heir of Dr. John Hamilton Robinson, of Missouri, be with-
drawn from the files oi the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON,from the Committee on Military
A ft airs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 328) to legalize and confirm the act
of the President in accepting the services of vol-
unteers, under the act approved 22d July, 1861,
and to authorize the acceptance of two hundred
thousand volunteers in addition to those author-
ized by that act, reported it without amendment.
FREEDOM OF SLAVES USED BY REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies ot any instructions to
commanding generals, in purMiance of the act of Congress,
approved August 6, l«6l, setting free slaves who have been
employed, by the consent of then mastei«, against the
Government and lawful authority of the United States;
and also to inform the Senate if anv steps have been taken
to make this statute effective, and to insure its due execu-
tion by our advancing annies for the benefit of slaves who
have been so employed.
Mr. POWELL. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over,
PROSECUTION OF THE WAR.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another resolution. I
shall not ask its immediate consideration, but
desire to have it read for information.
