2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
The Secretary read I lie resolution, as follows:
Resolved. That in the prevention of the present war for
the suppression of a wickcd rebellion, the time hay come
for the Government of the United States to appeal to the
loyalty of the whole people eveiywhere, but especially m
the rebel districts, and to invite all. without distinction ot
color or class, to make tiieir loyalty manifest by ceasing to
fi"ht or labor for the rebels, and also by rendering every as-
sistance in their power to the cause of the Constitution and
the Union, accoidmg to their ability, whether by aims, or
labor, or information, or in ar.y other way; and, since pro-
tection and allegiance are reciprocal duties, dependent upon
each other, it is the further duty of the Government of the
United Slates to maintain all Mich loyal people, without
distinction of color or chvs, in their rights as men, accord-
ing to the principles of the Declaration of Independence.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 84) for the relief of the State of Wisconsin;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 85) to compensate the crew of the United
States steamer Varuna for clothing and other prop-
erty lost in the public service; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
331) to relieve the national Government of all ob-
ligation to support slavery, and of all responsibil-
ity for it under the Constitution; which was read
twice by its title, ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
ORDER IN INSURRECTION Alt Y DISTRICTS.
Mr. HOWE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 332) to aid in restoring order and preserving
the public peace within the insurrectionary dis-
tricts; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I wish to
submit a few remarks on that motion.
Mr. Pi •esident, a short time since Commodore
Fanagut summoned the Mayor of New Orleans
to surrender to hi.-i licet, in tints language:
UMii.i) riiA'iFs FI,\U- SHU  HARTFORD,
Oi K ni:w OKI.kan-, .'ipril ;>o, l$dO.
SIR: Upon my arrival brioie your city I had the honor
to send to youi Honor Captain Haile>. (jiuted State-Navv,
sceond in command ot the expedition, to demand of \ ou
tin- -urieuder ot New Orleans lo me, ah the tepie-entative
of the Government of the United Static. Captain Bailev
lepoited the result ot an interview with jouiselt and the
military authorities. It must occur to >oui honor that it H
not within the province of a naval ofl'ieei to assume Hie du-
ties of a militaiy commandant. 1 eanie here lo reduce New
Orleans to obedicnce to the law.- of, and to vindicate tiie
o(Vended majesty ot the Government of the United Stales.
The rights of per-ous and propeity shall he secured.
I theiefore demand ot you, as us repieseutative, the un-
qualified Mirrcmlei oi the city, and that the emblem oi the
Hivcieignty of the United Status he hooted over the City
Hall, Mint, and CustoiuRou.se by meridian tins day, and
nil tin* flags and other emblems oi soveioignty oilier than
this of the United Slates be removed liom tJu> public build*
jngs by that hour. I particularly request that j ou shall ex-
eieise join authoiuy to <pielldisiuibance, re-tore oider, and
call upon all the good people of New Orleans to return at
once to their vocations, and I partieulatly demand that no
petson shall he molested m person, property, or sentiments
of loyalty to then Government.
I shall speedily and .seveiely punish any person or per-
sons who shall commit Mich ouhages as were witnessed
yesterday, by aimed men filing upon helpless women and
children lor giving expression to their uJcasurc at uthicmtiff
the u old jlafi-"
I am, very respectfully, I). G. FARRAGUT,
i'Vr. •{ Offitci Jlrstein Gulf Squadron.
Ills Exccllcnaj the Mayor oj the city nj New Orleans.
The Mayor made tins response:
Mayor's Office, City of New Orlkans,
Cirv IIU.L, rfpnl 2f>, lbG*2.
SIR: In pursuance of a lesohuion which we thought
proper to take out of icgard tor the lives of the women and
children whostill crowd the metmpolis, General Lovell has
evacuated it with in- troops, and restoied back to me the
administration ot its government and the custody of its
power.
1 have, m counsel with the city father*, con^ideied the
demand you made ot me yesterday—of an unconditional sur-
render ot the city, coupled witli a requisition to l!oi«t the
ilag ot the United States on the public edifices, and haul
down the flag that still floats upon the breeze from the dome
ot tins hall. It becomes my duty to tnuismit to you an
answer which, a< the universal sentiment ot m> constitu-
ents, no less than tile promptings ot my own lieai t, dictates
to me on tins &ad and solemn occasion. The eity is with-
out the an-an1? oi deie so,and is utterly destitute ot the loiee
and matenal that mightenable it toiwuiunovciijowcnii"
aimaiuent displayed m sigiit of it. ^
I din no military man, and possess no authority beyond
hatot executing the municipal laws of the city ol New Or-
leans. It would be presumptuous m me to attempt to lead
an army to the field, if I had one to command; and I know
still less how to suirender an undefended place, held, as
tins is, at the mercy of your gunners and jour mortars. To
surrender such a place were an idle and unmeaning cere-
mony.
The city is yours by the power of brutal force, not by my
choice or the consent of its inhabitants. It is for you to de-
termine what will he the fate that awaits us here. As to hoist-
ing any flag not of our own adoption and allegiance, let mc
say to you that the man lives not in our midst whose hand
and heart would not be paralyzed at the mere thought of
such an act. Nor could 1 find in my entire constituency so
desperate and wretched a renegade as would dare to pro-
lane with his hand the saeied emblem of our aspirations.
Sir, you have manifested sentiments which would become
one engaged in a better cause than that to winch you have
devoted your sword. I doubt not that they spring fiom a
noble though deluded nature, and I know how to appreciate
the emotion which inspired them. You have a gallant peo-
ple to administrate during your occupancy ot this city—a
people sensitive to all that can in the least affect their dig-
nity and self-respect. Tray, sir, do not fail to regard their
susceptibilities. The obligations which I shall assume in
their name shall be religiously complied with. You may
trust their honor, though you might not count on their sub-
mission to unmerited wrong.
Jn conclusion, I beg you to understand that the people of
New Orleans, while unable to resist your foice, do not al-
low themselves to be insulted by the interference of sueli
as have rendered themselves odious and contemptible by
their dastardly desertion of our cause in the mighty strug-
gle In which we are engaged, or such as might remind them
too forcibly that they aie the conquered and you the con-
querors. Peace and order may be preserved without resort
to measures which I could not at this moment pi event. Your
occupying the city does not transfer allegiance fiotn the gov -
eminent of their choice to one winch they have deliberately
repudiated, and that they yield the obedience which the
conqueror is entitled to extort fiom the conquered.
Respectfully, JOHN F. MONROE, Mayor.
Flag-Ofhccr d. G. Farr<gut,
United States Flag-Shi}) Hartford.
From the correspondence of the Press, I find in
a letter dated Norfolk, May 10, an extract describ-
ing a meeting which took place between General
Wool and the Mayor of the city of Norfolk:
"The mayoi simply remarked to the general that he hud
eome by diiection of the City Councils of Norfolk, and aUo
by the advice of Major General Huger, to offer a free and
unconditional suirendcr to the national troops, provided,
simply, that the commanding general of the Federal troops
would guaranty the said citizens in their rights, privileges,
ami immunities, among which would he the protection of
lite, propeitv, and personal liberty. He presented a shoit
paper from Mnj< i Geneial Uuger,"stating that the citv had
been evacuated by the contedeiate forces, and thai no oppo-
sition whatever would be offered lo 'lie enhance and pos-
M'-.-ion ot" the city l>> the United State- tioop*. lie then
handed to Genetal Wool the kessot the eti-tom-hou-e, po-t
ofhee, ami city jail, as dnected bv the Councils.
" Agi cements vvcie signed between Genet.ii Woo! and the
mavoi that uveiy one should be piotected a- had been stip-
ulated.
A correspondent writing to the New York Tri-
bune from the same place, of the date of May 12,
says 4,\ery little Union sentiment i« openly ux-
piessed;" and another conespondcnt, writing; to
the same paper fiom Fredericksburg, in a letter
dated May 10, says:
As youi readers have already learned by telegraph, the
Union merchants of tins city held a meeting a tew evening's
since and expressed a strong desire to take the oath of alle-
giance to the Pierpont government, pay the usual license
fees, which weie due on the 1st instant, and support heart liy
the Government of the United States, provided they could
be protected liom the continued persecution of the seces-
sionists. it matters continue as they aie at present, the
Union people will really have no protection, notwithstand-
ing the presence of our army m their midst. The rebel-as
yet have all tlie wealth, live in the finest mansions, own
the Inigest plantations, still affect the aits of the old Vir-
ginia aristocracy, and (<inee many of our officers have
assumed an apologetic tone, and humblv ask their permis-
sion to tread upon a blade of gra«s,) have again resumed
tbeii ariogant manners, and given the Union men to under-
stand that as soon as the Union army is lemoved they wtll
be crushed out or driven out from their midst.
"One of the mo«t enterprising men in Fredericksburg—
a man of undoubted lovalty, and who daily render cffiei* nt
seivice to our army—told me yestetday that he was fearful
he could not live heie altei the war unle-s the leading se-
cessionist* of the city were so scveiclv punished that thev
would he powerless to do harm, lie is m favor, as ;ue all
the other prominent Union men, of a stnngentconfiscation
law—one that will hung all these proud barons to the du-t.
and forever place u bejond their powei to originate another
rebellion.''
From the Press I take an extract which I find
there from the Baltimore Clipper, as follows:
u The conduct that has been exhibited towatds the trai-
tors m this State—and from indication-* it is the same else-
wheic, wheic they have not a Butler, or a Ilaileck. or a
Bui nside, or an Andrew Johnson to take the responsibility
to teach the traitors and rebels their proper place and duty—
| tiie system pursued ha« been to encourage and strengthen
i the icbel anus. Tho.-e who aie engaged m thi- rebellion
stop at nothing to cairy out their purposes—they aie bold
and unblu-hing in their conduct and language, especially
when they are in heaiing of tlio-e who tlie> believe wifl
not report them; and even when they ate seized for any
overt act, they know they aie to suffer some slight deten-
tion, and be again set at large to renew their tieasonable
designs. Many of those among us who have ever enter-
tained Union feelings, dining tiie Jong period in which the
rebel armies were on our holders, were afiaid openly to
avow them ; they aigued that if by any mishap to our At my,
the rebels should reach our State,, every one of them would
be subject to the same cruelties that hail been mtlictcd upon
the loyalists in Virginia, Missouri, Tenue-.-ee, and Ken-
tucky—in fact, the leading demons of the tribe in our midst
boldly piociaim that such should be the case, ami that the
lamp-posts of the city would not he sufficient to hang up
all those who were most active in aiding the Government
in putting down the rebellion ; confiscation and banishment
were freely threatened—and the well-known desperate
character of the leaders here, left no doubt as to the reali-
ties in store for the loyalists of our State, if, as was daily
threatened, Jeff Davis and his minions could have obtained
a foothold in our State."
The Nashville correspondent of the Louisville
Journal, in his letter under date of May 14, says:
" I have seen among the public documents left by Mor-
gan at Lebanon the order of Beauregard, detailing bun and
his lieutenant coloncl—Wood—to special duty, and author-
izing them to make requisitions for cavalry vvhereverthey
should need them. This fact is an iinpoitant one ; for it
proves that whoever commits the marauding acts, the au-
thority emanates from the military power of the confeder-
acy. It was Morgan's intention to make a raid mto Ken-
tucky. Colonel G. Clay Smith captured among his effects
a map on which his whole route was laid down, through
Bowling Green, Lebanon, Danville, Lexington, Richmond,
and thence through Wheeler's Gap to Knoxvllle. Morgan's
seivant, Alcck, who has been with him since his master
first left Lexington, is a captive, and says this purpose was
frequently discussed and fully determined upon, and that
he expected to be joined by fifteen hundred sympathizers
in Kentucky, who had been reciuited in Owen, Boone,
Seott, Fayette, and Madison, among them many who had
returned, ptofessing loyalty, and all well armed and mount-
ed. With this accession to ins force, it was Morgan's in-
tention to rob banks, carry ofl Union men, and gather
horses. 1 have heard the names of individuals, who are
now in Kentucky, who have come back home apparently
repentant, but who were secretly the emissaries of Morgan.
This imperatively demands action on the part of our State
authorities, who should disarm all who are suspected, and
compel them to take the oath of allegiance under the pen-
alty of confinement in Fort Warren. The safety of Ken-
tucky, and the security of our wives, children, and prop-
erty demand the mostsummaiy measures. The restriction
on the sale of arms, too, should be immediately lestored ;
it was wrong to remove it, for every rebel sympathizer
who pa-sea through this place is loaded down with small
arms.'1
In the Richmond Examiner of May 2, I find
this paragraph:
"John Minor Botts has been released on parole, ou con-
dition that he will return to his family and make his busi-
ness airangements to take up his abode at -oine place 1 in
the intei ioi to be indicated by the contedeiate government,
holding no communication- with other® than hi- own fam-
ily . except on strictly private bu^ttie^s matters. When Ins
ariaugments shall have been completed he is to report him-
self to the Secjetary ot War tor oiders."
A correspondent of The World writing from
the headquarters of our army on its advance to
Richmond, says:
•'Diligent inquiry could not establish the existence of
more than one Union man in Williamsburg. And, inasmuch
as he made one of our officers agift of a small damask table
spread, from which Magruder had drank wine three even-
ings before, it Is fair to presume that his ptofcssious of
Unioni-tn are a swindle. Thi«side of Williamsburg, upon
the line of our march, no sciutmy with candles bv daytime
could pos-sihly di-covcr one Union man or one Union wo-
man The article does not exist in this country."
A friend who returned from Frcdericksburg on
Friday last, informs me that she heard a lady apol-
ogize for the fact that two small Union flags were
seen fluttering from a building xvhich her husband
had rented to some sutler. She protested, with a
mortified air, that it was her" husband'sdoings;"
she " never would allow it."
My friend also informed me that she saw one.
Union family in Fredericksburg; but they said
they xvete to leave to-day for the North, in search
of safety and protection.
From these and from many similar indications
of the state of society and of public opinion which
have fallen under my notice, I am forced to this
unwelcome conclusion: that slow and tedious as
is the advance of the national armies upon the
domain of the rebellion, they have yet outstripped
in their march the slower stride of the national
authority.
Your massed battalions, your acres of artillery,
your sections of gunboats do indeed overcome
resistance, but they do not secure obedience. Your
own soldiery stand upon your own soil within
fifty miles of your own capital surrounded by a
scowling population—their fellow-citizens but not
their fellow-subjects. At Fredericksburg, as at
New Orleans, it is still deemed chivalric to be a
rebel; ft is still thought patriotic to be a traitor.
Your power is felt, is acknowledged, but your
flag is derided, and, in the face of your armed
squadrons, your authority is spit upon.
The Mayor of a little and utterly insignificant
