1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
in the report of the committee, and that there is
not a word in any interrogatory put to him in this
testimony touching his connection with the. char-
tering of the steamer Cataline. The peculiarity
of Mr. Cammings during all his long examination
was that he could much better answer questions
that were not put to him than he could questions
that were put to him, and no man can read his
testimony without being filled with admiration at
the skill and ability with which he could answer
questions that were not put to him and his utter
inability to answer the questions that were.
Now, sir, who chartered the steamer Cataline
was never a question of doubt. Nobody had ever
any trouble to find that out. It was a matter of
record. It was the question as to who freighted
her that involved great difficulty and long exam-
ination. The committee had become satisfied that
she was freighted originally on private specula-
tion, and that when the owners could not get her
through the custom-house 011 private speculation
down to Annapolis, they got her chartered for the
Government through General Wool and Quarter-
master Tompkins. Then her freight became the
property of the United States through the agency
of Alexander Cummings. It was that fact which
the committee sought diligently and faithfully to
get out of Mr. Cummmgs. He knew very well
that we did not want to know of him who char-
tered her, but that we did want to know of him
■who freighted her. The only allusion in the test-
imony to that subject in connection with him is
that which I am about to read from page 412:
" Question. Have you any knowledge of the loading of
the ateamer Cataline?
11 Answer. Not a particle."
The committee then pressed the examination,
and asked him about this matter in all varieties
of shapes, till they enme to the 421st page; and
then they put this other interrogatory to him:
" Question. ]f neither the assistant quarteimastcr in
this city, nor the assistant commissary, nor yourself, nor
George D. Moigan, nor the Union Detente Committee can
inform tins committee who loaded with Government -.ap-
plies the steamer Cataline, can you inform the committee
of any mode m winch they can ascertain that fact:"
The question is pretty broad. The answer is
" I cannot.*'
And ho repeats it emphatically in the document
submitted to this House. He says:
" I lepcat the averment in the most emphatic and un-
qualified manner.
Now, I ask the House to listen to a letter of his,
which we obtained, not through him but through
the Commissary General's department. It is a
letter dated May 3, 1861, signed by Alexander
Cummings, addressed to the then Secretary of
War, which he himself has seemed entirely to
forget:
New York, May 3, 1861.
Sir : Acting under your instructions to mo undoi date of
April 21,1861,1 have purchased and shipped the following
articles for the Government by the conveyances named:
By steamer OaUiHnc : 25 boxes soap, G barrels (hied beef
tongues,25 casks Scotch ale, 1-2 ban els pickles, 200 cheeses,
35 quintals codfish, 210 barrels hard bread, 600ham , 12 bar-
rels white beans, 10 casks London porter,6 barrel* split
peas, 2o firkins good butter, 300 boxes selected herring, 18
head beef eauie.
The letter then goes on to state what was shipped
by other vessels.
And- { have made some other purchases, of not largo
amount, a list of which (will forward to you when shipped,
and a similar list will be sent to the quartermaster, commis-
sary, and ordmmco officers hero.
I have the honor to be, respectfully, vour obedient ser-
vant, A. CUMMINGS,
•Agent of the IVur department.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of ffar, Washington.
If the House were not too tired, I should like
to read over again the emphatic and solemn denial
of Mr. Cummings that he knew anything as to
who loaded the Cataline. But I do not feel at lib-
erty to omit a statement of his in connection with
that note attached to the bottom of the last page
of his testimony. It commences, it seems," there
retained under the authority of the Secretary of
the Treasury." Now, he says that that was ori-
ginally written," there was retained," because he
prepared an original draft of it before he copied
it, and has got that draft now. Weil, now, in
view of the imperfections of his memory as touch-
ing the steamer Cataline, and as touching the
expenditures of money—he not coming within
$140,000 of the right sum—in view of the fact that
my honored friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] does not say that he saw that original draft
before this question was raised, or at all, and in
view of the fact that Mr. Cummings is so ready
a writer—he having been, as his friend says, edi-
tor of a daily paper for fifteen years—the idea that
he should draw up an original draft of this little
thing before trusting himself to put it upon this
paper, is so preposterous that all I can say about
it is that while I would do anything to accommo-
date my friend from Pennsylvania, still, if it does
not make any difference to him, I will not believe
that. If it is true that he did study and prepare
that note in the way he now claims he did, it is
evident to my mind that he intended some game,
and that the paper was studied and prepared to
cover up what he had failed to explain in his testi-
mony. It can be construed in no other way. No
sensible and reasonable man can hold the position
that the editor of a daily paper for fifteen long
years could find it necessary to make two copies
of such an insignificant note as that. If he did,
it could only be because he thought it necessary
to study his words so as to catch the committee.
He admits, after all, that at last he left out one
word, which caused all the misunderstanding of
its meaning, if there was any. I exceedingly re-
gret that so much pains on Ins part to get it cor-
rect failed so signally.
Sir, the history of this case would be imperfect
if I did not allude to another matter which figures
so extensively in this document. There is a con-
stant allusion in it to the severe and painful sick-
ness through which Mr. Cummings had gone, as
a sort of fiery ordeal, during the past winter, out
of which, as soon as he emerged into health and
vigor, he embraced the earliest opportunity to
make this attack upon the committee in its ab-
sence. Sir, the committee was advised through
friends of Mr. Cammings during the winter that
he was sick, that he was very sick, that the testi-
mony which lie had given before our committee
troubled him and weighed upon his mind; that
the effort which he had there made to screen and
cover up transactions was a thing that rested
heavily on his mind, and the committee was as-
sured through his friendsthat if he ever recovered
he would make a full and free statement of the
whole matter, and that the, men who had put him
up to this, and had taken the money and ex-
pended it themselves, should bear the burden.
The committee was waiting anxiously to know
that which they hod failed to get from him.
Mr. STEVENS. If that statement were made
to the committee it is light that the person who
made it should be named, that the statement may
be refuted if it were false, as I have no doubt it
was.
Mr. DAWES. After the kind remark of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,he can hardly ex-
pect that I should be tempted to take advice from
him.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not mean to apply the
word " false" to the statement of the committee,
but to that which was conveyed to the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Let me go through with my
story.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I should like to have
the name.
Mi*. DAWES. I say*that through the friends
of this man we had assurances that he was about
to make a full statement, a clean breast of it, and
to make plain and clear that which was so mys-
tified in his testimony, so that the world might
know who expended that money. But when he
came to get well, the political necessities of his
principal m this matter happened, at the time, to
be so pressing that it was necessary that that
which was early promised to be a full statement
of what had been done with that money was turned
into an accusation and assault upon the integrity
of the committee. As has been suggested by a
friend near me, this was only an exemplification
of the lines:
i( When the devil was sick, the devil a monk would he,
When theelevil was well, the devil a monk was he."
When Mr. Cummings leaves the House to infer
that that is the only transaction which he had with
the Government, he omits to state, what appears in
the printed testimony, that, through the instru-
mentality of this same Secretary of War, he ob-
tained a little modest contract for seventy-five
thousand pairs of shoes, at the still more modest
price of $2 20 a pair, and that he made a present
of that contract, to a friend of his in New York,
who had done him no other favor than occasion-
ally to indorse a note for him and lend him five
hundred or a thousand dollars. The profit on each
of these seventy-five thousand pairs of shoes above
the ordinary profits of others was thirty cents—
■making the nice little sum of §22,500 over and
above the profits of the manufacturer of shoes
under other contracts made about the same time.
Sir, he is not the only one who has desired to
have the opportunity to appear before the com-
mittee to explain this testimony. It is but just, in
order that there may be a full h istory of this matter,
to state that the late Secretary of War just about
the same time Mr. Cummings was preparing this
attack upon the committee, signified his great de-
sire to appear before the committee that he might
explain his connection with these tiansactions.
But when the committee appointed a meeting for
that purpose, and notified the late Secretary of
War of the time, place, and appeared there them-
selves ready to examine him to his heart's content,
he entirely forgot to appear before them. They
sent their messenger to his lodgings to remind him
of the appointment, but the messenger could not
find him. The moment the committee manifested
a readiness, a willingness, an anxiety—and I think
I may properly say a commendable anxiety—
to search for the truth, and so signified to the
late Secretary of War, he seems to have lost all
disposition to appear before the committee, but
contented himself, instead, with picking a public
quarrel of a Sunday with the late chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Van Wyck,] in a public hotel;
and satisfied himself with calling the committee
liars and thieves, and with giving him notice that
Mr. Alexander Cummings was preparing on the
first convenient opportunity to show us up.
Sir, neither of these men has as yet appeared
before the committee to explain matters contained
either in the evidence or report. But when a few
days ago a portion of the committee had occasion
to appear in Harrisburg, these two men were
found there walking arm in arm through the beau-
tiful streets of that city par nobile fralrum; and I
might add, some of the time at least, "recubans
sub tegmine fugi," [laughter.] reposing on their
laurels—the one on those won in his Sunday quar-
rel with our late chairman, the other on those won
in his attack upon the committee in its absence.
But, sir, although every opportunity was pre-
sented, on this as on other occasions, for each of
these men to appear before the committee, so as
to make this matter jvlain, neither of them has
intimated any desire to appear, at least at any
time when they found the committee ready to
examine them.
I will state before I sit down, in reply to the
suggestion of my friend from Pennsylvania on
my right, that these accounts have been passed
at the War Department and all settled, that 1 do
not doubt it in the least. It was the easiest thing
in the world, the connection was so intimate. The
whole matter was so perfectly connected through
the whole transaction that it followed quite natu-
rally; there was not the slightest difficulty; the late
Secretary of War had so thorough a personal
knowledge of the whole thing, as well as his
agents and instruments, that it would have been
strange if the accounts had not been all settled,
and settled satisfactory to Mr. Cummings and his
friends. What my friend says, therefore, may
be all true, but that does not alter my opinion of
the transaction.
I apologize to the House for the time consumed
in this matter, though from its intimate connection
with the tax bill, which so labors, drawing its
slow length along, it is not altogether inappropri-
ate. 1 apprehend that the people, when they come
to pay this tax, will inquire quite as anxiously as
the committor did, what became of this money.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I am sorry that the morning has been taken up in
this way, as the whole question will come up for
discussion upon some other occasion, I suppose,
under these resolutions. I hope, however, i shall
be pardoned for detaining the attention of the
IIousc for just three minutes in exposing one of
these fallacies, as a sample of the whole.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Massachusetts informs us by a note, which
was read from the public printer, how the error in
regard to the publication of that note occurred;
that the fault was not with the committee. Now,
