1HSV©GNGRES&I0ML GLOBE;
3303
F1
h
home and, arouse the country, and to assist in-re-
cruiting v^nteers for our Army.
: The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels himself
under obligation to state that when the House re-
solved itself into committee, the understanding was
that no business should be transacted, and that
the floor should be occupied by the gentleman
from Michigan in a speech on general topics.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let this question go over
till the next session.  
Mr.HOLMAN. I know that the House wants
to hear the gentleman from Michigan, but 1 regret
that the House will not unanimously consent, be-
fore adjourning withoutday, to pass this just meas-
ure of reform. If the bill cannot be acted on at
this session, I ask that it'be taken up, so that it
may be pending at least,
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman has the rislit to
make the motion, but anybody has the right to
object to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the motion that the
ending bill be laid aside, and that the measure I
lave referred to be taken up for consideration.
Mr. COLFAX. I want to make an amendment
to the pending resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana is business; and I object
to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Who agreed to that under-
standing?
Mr. RbSCOE CON KLING, The whole House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
tie gentleman from Indiana that no quorum voting,
by unanimous consent it was agreed that the House
should resolve itself into the Committee of the
Wholeoti the state of the Union for fhe purpose
of hearing discussion, and that no business should
. bo transacted. That is the recollection of the Chair;
and he is so informed by the clerics of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then one single remark, and
I will yield to my friend. I have been exceed-
ingly anxious that this bill (No. 211) should be
before the committee, but as the committee are
unwilling, I yield the floor. ,
MESSAGE l'ROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, one of their clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution au-
thorizing the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House to adjourn their respective
Houses sine die on Wednesday, the 16th of July
instant, ut twelve o'clock, meridian; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The comrr\ittoe then resumed its session.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, and Mr.
STILES addressed the committee. [Their
speeches will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, at the
extra session of Congress an act was passed provid-
ing for a commission to bo composed of two mem-
bers of the Senate, three members of this House,
one oflicer of the Army, and one of the JNTavy,
for the purpose of equalizing and reducing the
salaries of public officers, and reducing the public
expenditures, f had the honor of beingappointed
one of the members on the part of the House of
that commission. The commission, through its
chairman [Senator Shehman] has reported to each
House several bills, with a view of accomplishing
the object proposed by its organization. Among
others is a bill pending in Committee of the Whole
here providing for the giaduation and reduction of
the pay of members of Congress and theemployes
of the two Houses; also a bill providing for the
graduation and reduction of the pay of officers of
the Army; to the first bill named, which is the one
which should first receive ourattention, in candor
and fairness to the largo number of civil and mil-
itary officers whose pay we propose to reduce, I
desire to give some attention at this time.
I know there is no more unthankful office than
that held by the members of this commission, if
they attempt in good faith to carry out the object
of their appointment. Every public officer, with
few exceptions, in the employ of the Government,
together with all their friends and dependents, will
be found arrayed against such a mission as that
contemplated; and every step that is taken in the
direction indicated by the bills now pending in
Committee of the Whole will be attended with all
the embarrassment which might readily be ex-
pected from the large number of persons in the
public service, and which will account forthe de-
lay in the consideration of these measures. Per-
sons in the public employ will be jealous of any
attempt to curtail the salaries and expenditures of
otjier officials, for fear of a precedent that will
affect their own salaries. And hence, various pre-
texts will serve to oppose any action on these bills,
which it is not probable will receive a considera-
tion this session of Congress. The authors and
advocates of these measures will be denounced as
demagogues, trying to make capital for themselves
at the expense of others. The bills will be spoken
of as attempting to interfere'with poor laborers
and pages in the Capitol, or as looking to a reduc-
tion of the pay of the poor soldier while he is fight-
ing the battles of the country. Such, however, is
not the object of those who reporied the bills.
But the object is to equalize the pay between the
laborer and the office-holder, and between the poor
private and the officer in the Army. There is no
reason why Senators and Representatives should
receive forty cents a mile in coming to and going
from the capital at each regular session of Con-
gress, when every one knows that it docs not cost
one fourth of the amount; nor that gentlemen who
sit a few hours each day by the doors leading into
this Hall should receive sixteen and eighteen hun-
dred dollars per annum, while the poor laborer
who performs the drudgery around the Capitol
receives $1 50 per day; nor that the commander
of a regiment, who is privileged to, or at least does
—when not expecting an engagement—come and
go when he pleases, who passes much of his time,
as every one has noticed to be the case with mili-
tary pfficersaboutthiseity.loiteringaround hotels
and places of amusement, or promenading the
streets exhibiting his military paraphernalia to his
own admiration, if not to that of others, shall re-
ceive $218 per month, while the poor private, who
cannot get leave of absence when sick even, who
enduresiongand wearymarcheson foot,amid hun-
ger, cold, and rain, over mountains and through
ravines, who is compelled to stand guard at slated
times, and if, when tired and fatigued with weary
marches and loss of rest, his tired nature should
for a moment " seek repose in balmy sleep" wlule
thus on duty, is liable to be shot, receives for all
this service, privation, and hazard thirteen dollars
per month. I voted to increase the pay of the pri-
vate from eleven to fifteen dollars per month, and
would, under no consideration, withhold from him
any remuneration that is possible for the Govern-
ment to grant; but I cannot see the reason for these
discriminations, nor can I see how we are to reward
the private as he deserves when we are continually
increasing the number and rank of our military
officers at the large salaries they now receive.
I append n statement showing the compensa-
tion paid some of the officeis in the military ser-
vice at present, and what it is proposed by the bill
pending in committee to pay them, and which may
be further amended as a majority of the House
may determine.
The reduction proposed is trifling; and yet,
when it is applied to the large number of military
officers in the public service, the aggregate amount
saved to the Government would be large by this
small reduction of compensation:
Present pay Pi oposed pay
per month. per month.
Major general $1G9 fjuo
ltrigadier genoial  303 o.jo
Colonel  218 O()0
Lieutenant colonel  184 180
M.ijor  165 140
Captain  128 120
Fii-ct lieutenant  108 100
Second lieiitciimit  103 100
Surgeon Genoial  028 GOO
Paymaster General  228 200
Deputy Paymaster General  211 J80
P.ijmastei  187 l.-,o
As recent legislatiou has changed the medical
department of the Army, it may be necessary to
make some changes 111 the bill, when ltis reached,
as to the pay of surgeons proposed.
But to return to the bill first mentioned, which
involves the pay of members of Congress and the
employes of the two Houses. According to an
abstract which the Sergeant-at-Arms has kindly
furnished me at my request, I find the mileage of
members of this House, at the last session of Con-
gress, was $136,514. The bill referred to pro-
poses to cut this amount down to less than one
fourth of the above sum, by which we would save
to the Government over one hundred thousand
dollars on our own mileage. The mileage of Sen-
ators for that session 1 fiavejnot been able to ascer-
tain, but I .should think it amounted to at least
$50,000, which the bill proposes to reduce in like
proportion. 1
The Secretary of the Senate now receives per
annum $3,600 salary as Secretary, and $480 as
disbursing clerk. The bill reported by the com-
mission proposes to fix his salary at $2,500, with-
out an allowance as disbursing officer, this latter
service to be rendered by an assistant clerk, as
part of the duties of his office.
Next come the assistant clerks in the Senate.
There are, at present, one chief clerk at a salary
of $2,500; one principal clerk at a salary of $2,160;
one principal executive clerk at the same salary;
eight other clerks at a salary of $1,850 each; one
keeper of the stationery at a salary of $1,752; two
messengers at a salary of $1,080, each; and one
page at a salary of $500. It is now proposed to
provide one chief cleik at a salary of $2,000 per
annum; one clerk to act as a disbursing and exec-
utive clerk at a salary of $1,080 per annum; and
six other clerks at a salary of $1,200 each; also,
one messenger at $1,080, and one page at $400.
Computing the difference between the salaries
paid and those proposed by this bill to the em-
ployes in this one office, and we have a saving of
$15,852.
The pay of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
it is not proposed by the bill to disturb. The
salary of the postmaster of the Senate is redueed
from $1,750 to $1,400; the assistant postmaster
from §1,440 to $1,200; the two assistants in the
document-room in the Senate it is proposed to re-
duce from $1,200 to $1,080 each.
The assistant doorkeeper's salary is reduced
from $1,700 to $1,400, and the two other assist-
ants from $1,400 to $1,200 per annum. And in-
stead of seventeen messengers, or doorkeepers,at
$1,200each per annum, it is proposed to provide
fourteen temporary doorkeepers, at three dollars
per day during the session. The engineer's sal-
ary is reduced from $1,400 to $1,080 per annum;
making the reduction in the pay of the einploygs
of the Senate in all about thirty-three thousand
dollars per annum. The Clerk of the House now
receives a salary of $3,600. He has two clerks at
$2,160 each, eighteen clerks at $1,800 each, one at
$1,752, and nine at $1,200 each per annum. Itia
proposed by the bill nowpending to pay the Clerk
$3,000, a finance and n jouinal cleik each $2,000,
a cleric in charge of the files $1,500, ten clerks
$1,200 each, and one messenger $1,080; making
a reduction of about eighteen thousand dollars in
the pay for clerks of the House, and discontinuing
the newspaper cleik, land map clerks, and others
which are totally useless.
It is proposed to reduce the pay of the House
Postmaster and assistants in some small degree.
This is a branch of the public service which, al-
though in the hands of gentlemen whom I have
ever found accommodating and kind, yet duty
would requiio we should dispense with. It seems
to me that the $10,000 we pay the employes in this
office, besides the expense of horses and carryalls
for the mere convenienceof having our mail brought
to our rooms, when we could, at least with a trifling
expense, get them from the post office, and much
sooner, is a needless outlay.
The Doorkeeper is now allowed $2,160 per an-
num ; he has one assistant at $1,740, two at $1,752,
one at$1,800, five at$1,500,and nine at$l,200per
annum; making nearly $27,404 paid the Door-
keeperand his assistants; besides ten persons un-
der his charge who do the folding, and eight labor-
ers, at $1 50 and two dollars per day, who attend to
keeping the Hall and committee-rooms in order,
and perform such other labor as is required about
the Hall.
The bill before us proposes to pay the principal
Doorkeeper 000; a punnpal assistant, $1,400;
three other assistants, $1,200 each; and twenty
temporary doorkeepers at three dollars per day
during the session, which would make a reduc-
tion of from ten to eleven thousand dollars per
annum on the pay of the Doorkeeper and his as-
sistants. These are some of the reductions pro-
posed by the committee on the pay of members
and officers connected with the legislative depart-
ment of the Government. If wereduce our own
pay, and those appointed by the two Houses of
Congress, then there are other bills in" the same
series which can be considered, reducing the ex-
