1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13S3
it seems to me that when the committee made up
their report, they inserted in theirmanuscriptwhat
they call a copy of this note. They have notstated
whether they did or not. I find in their printed
report they say:
UI have retained, under authority of the Seeietary of
the Tieasuiy, by Messrs. Dtx, Hlatehfoid, and Opdyke,
$140,000, besides what [ have stated in my testimony,
winch is$ accounted for by the vouchers.
C'A. CUMMINGS."
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
the use in the printed report of the words " I have
retained," was the fault of the printer. Mr.
Speaker, I must be permitted to doubt that, and
for this reason: whoever will examine what the
committee say in reference to this note, will see
that they use the expression, "Mr. Cummings
stated that he had retained in his hands."
Mr. DAWES. I will remark to the gentleman
in explanation of that, that the testimony was
printed before the committee made up their report,
and they used the printed copy in making up their
report.
Mr. STEVENS. And yet here is a report
which has gone forth to the world to damn a man's
reputation founded upon a statement of fact which
is false upon its face. The committee take the
mistake, and found upon it their censure of this
man as if he had really in his own possession
$140,000 of this money; and they go on to state
that the money remains unaccounted for, when,
if they had read the paper before them at all, they
would have known that he had never had a dol-
lar of it in his hands. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says the committee, in making up their
report, adopted the note as it was printed, with
the error m it, without knowing that it was an
error. Yet they send forth to the world a report
calculated to injure and destroy the reputation of
this man, and when their attention is called to the
eiror they excusc themselves by saying that the
mistake was not theirs but that of somebody else.
They go on to say in their report:
"Mr. {Jammings expr^«iy stated ths t he had diawnout
of the hands of Me^rs. Dix. Opdjke, and Blatehford
$230,000 of the §2,000,000 placed in their hands, and had
paid to them $90,000 to cover the supplies they had pur
chabcd, and had expended himself $160,000, and that the
residue, §1,750,000, by oider ot the Seeietary of the Tieas-
ury, was redeposited with Mr. Cisco, the sub-Tiea&urer.
Sull, we are informed by tinrf note that Mr. Cummmgs has
retained $140,000 of the money, over and above thatstated
in his testimony, (.$250,000,) ' which is accounted tor by the
vouchers.' Tins item seems to have been overlooked by him
in nis testimony. One hundred and forty thousand dollars is
in his hands, over and above the §160,000 for which he has>
filed vouchers m the War Department, and over and above
the §00,000 for which the voueheis are retained by Mr
JBlaichfutd; and he deems it sufficient to state in general
teims that it is 'accounted for by the vouchers.5 What
vouelieih ; and who lias got them ? Can the Secretaiy of War
piotend that the national pciil and the necessity for imme-
diate action justified therein esponsible expenchtuie.s of the
public money, with no settlement for four months attei-
ward--, even if there had been no respon?iblc and experi-
enced public ofliceis in New Yotk to peiform the duties ?"
Now, I say that here is a gross falsification of
the record. The committee on Government con-
tacts in their commentary upon the testimony,
charge that he had retained in his hands $140,000
unaccounted for, when the testimony itself before
them shows that he never had a dollar of it in his
possession. I leave the public to judge who falsi-
lied the record. I now move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the tax bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot withdraw it.
EXPOSURE OF TROOPS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution-
Resolved, That the joint committee on the conduct of the
war be Instiucted to inqiine into the cause of the exposure
of larae bodies of out troops belonging to the army of the
Potomac, counting of regiments, bngades, and in some
instances of whole divisions, who have been depiived of
shelter lor days and weeks m consequence of having their
oiders to march countermanded, then again oidercd to
match and again countermanded, without adequate food
and protection, and as to who is responsible foi this appar-
ently needless exposure and suffering of out troops.
Mr. YVICKLIFFE and others objected.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the vote may be
taken upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole' on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed^as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the sixty-fifth section
of the bill to be under consideration.
Mr. PORTER, i propose the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 66. And be U Jurther cnactcd, That nothing con-
tained in any of the preceding sections shall be construed
to icquire a license to be taken out by any public officer, in
order to authouze hiin to sell at public auction lands, ten-
ements, or hereditaments held in moitgagc to sceure pub-
lic or tru^t funds of any State or county.
I will state that in most of the western States
there are trust funds held, some of them by the
State and others by the counties, for the support
of common schools. These funds are loaned, in
small sums, to citizens, upon mortgage security;
and upon the non-payment of the interest, when
due, or of the principal, when due and demanded,
the lands are sold, not under any judicial proceed-
ing, but under a statutory power, upon notice.
The officers who have the management and con-
trol of this fund, on the non-payment of the in-
terest, or of the principal, when overdue and de-
manded, expose these lands for sale, not under a
decree of any judicial tribunal, but under the stat-
utory power conferred upon them. As the bill
now stands, all these officers, whose duty it is to
cry off these sales of land for the benefit of these
trust funds, will be required to take out a license.
Paragraph two, on page 52, provides that—
Auctioneers shall pay twenty dollars for each license?
and that everv peison shall be deemed an auctioneer within
the meaning of this act who shall offer piopcrty of any kind
lor sale to the highest oi best biddei, excepting such sales
as may be oidercd to be made by the decree, order, or judg-
ment of any judicial tribunal.
Mr. HOOPER. That paragraph was amended.
Mr. POUTER. I think that the amendment
only applied to persons who were administrators,
and not to those who have the control and man-
agement of these trust funds.
Mr. HOOPER. The paragraph was amended
to provide that those should be considered auc-
tioneers whose business and occupation it is to
offer for sale, &c. That accomplishes the object
the gentleman has in view.
Mr. PORTER. I was necessarily absent a few
moments when the section m question was pend-
ing, and did not know that that amendment had
been offered. . I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by inserting the words " or delivery;"
so that it will read:
Second. He shall on the first day of each and every month*
after the day on which this act takes effect, as hereinbefore
mentioned, make i eturn of the products ^nd ^alrs ot dehv-
eiv ol fcufh manufactuie m fotni and detail as may he re-
quired, fiom time to tune, by the Coinniisfeionerof Internal
Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. B1DDLE. In the same paragraph it will
be observed that these returns are to be made on
the first day of every month. These returns in
many cases will be voluminous, and sometimes it
may be impossible for a manufacturer to make his
return on the fust day of each and every month.
Therefore I suggest that the words " within ten
days after" be inserted instead ofthe word " on;5'
so that it will read, "he shall within ten days
after the first day of the month/' &c.
Mr. HORTON. There is a provision in the
bill already that the notice shall issue only in case
of a failure to make a return within ten days after
the first day of the month.
Mr. BIDDLE. Where does that appear?
Mr. IIORTON. I cannot point to it at this
moment, but I know that it is in the bill.
Mr. LOOMiS. I think this duty of making the
manufacturer submit monthly returns is unneces-
sary and burdensome, and I move to amend the
section by providing that the returns shall only
be made quarterly.
The Clerk read the amendment to the amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out the words, "on the jirstdayofeachandevery
month," and m lieu thereof insert "at the end of each j
quarter year, nainel>, on the fast Monday of the months of
August, November, Febiuaiy, and May in each yeai."
Mr. LOOMIS. It will be just as well for the j
Government to have these returns made quarterly, I
as every month,while it willbe much more conven-
ient for the lfoanufacturers. My amendment will
also obviate the objection of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HORTON. I hope that the amendment
will not prevail. There are many manufacturers
who ought to make their returns monthly. It is
necessary that some of them should be made every
month. Take,for instance, those who are engaged
in the whisky business. It will do no harm to
have them make their returns monthly. The
amendment of the gentleman from Connecticut
will be injurious to the revenue and of no benefit
to the manufacturers, and I hope that it will not
prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert the words ii at
such time as they may be required." That will
obviate the objection of my colleague, and it will
leave it with the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to regulate the making of these returns as he
may see proper. I think that it is a proper dis-
cretion to confide to him.
Mr. HORTON. I submit to the committee
that it is not wise to put the whole management
of this legislation into the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury or of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Those who pay taxes want to
lookinto the law and to see what the law exactly
prescribes. Therefore I think that no discretion
ought to be conferred not absolutely necessary.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BIDDLE. After the scrutiny of the bill
by several gentlemen around me, we have not
been able to discover the provision referred to by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. If it is in the
bill it is where it cannot easily be found, and I
hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I am quite sure that there is
in the bill a provision for certain days of grace.
It is necessary to fix the day when they shall
commence. If the gentleman's amendment be
adopted, ten days will be given here and ten in
another place.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have looked through the
bill, and I can find no such provision as that
referred to.
Mr. IIORTON. I am not mistaken about there
being such a provision in the bill. If there is not,
I will go for putting one in at the proper place.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me
that the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania ought to be adopted, for in many cases it
will be impossible to make returns on the first day
of the month. No matter whether the provision
is in the bill or not, it will do no harm to have the
amendment inserted at this place.
On a division there were—ayes 40, noes 20.
Mr. BIDDLE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loomis and
Cox were appointed.
The amendment was adopted; the tellers having
reported—ayes 49, noes 44.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to add at the end of the
paragraph the following:
Provided., That this section shall apply to the manufac-
turers of all distilled spirits manufactured previous to the
l>t day of May, 1362, and sold after the passage of this act.
That is necessary to make the paragraph con-
form with amendments already adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I hope that the committee will
not adopt this amendment, for the simple reason,
in my apprehension, that it is against sound prin-
ciples of legislation to spring any snap judgment
because the subject-matter is whisky. This tax
is to be a part of the permanent policy, I am
afraid, ofthe country. But do not let us impose
a tax upon a man without a moment's notice,
simply because the subject-matter is one about
which some people have peculiar opinions. I
would as soon do wrong to one class of men as
to another. I think the amendment is wrong, and
I hope that it will not be adopted.
Mr. BLAKE. It is not because of any peculiar
opinion I have on this subject that I offer this
amendment. The manufacturers of whisky have
for months been springing a trap on this House
in piling up hundreds of thousands of gallons of
whisky manufactured before the bill could take
effect to collect the tax.
I do not believe with my colleague that a bill
