1862.
THE C ©AGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23M
town, lying near the junction of this very river
with the ocean—a town the possession of which
is worth nothing to any one, and the fee of which
is worth but little—negotiates for the surrender of
his hamlet, taking from yourand his commanding
general express guarantees for the protection of
the lives, liberties, and properties of his rebellious
brood.
The Mayor of a more distant city, grown great
upon the fat of the Republic, informs the com-
mander of your fleet, before which a rebel army
had lied, that to surrender an American city to an
American army is " an idle and unmeaning cere-
mony;" that the city is his " by the power of
brutal force, and not by his choice;" that his occu-
pation of the city does not transfer allegiance from
the government of their choice to one which they
have deliberately repudiated. He ventures to com-
pliment the personal character of the commander
of your'fleet, and graciously commiserates the
delusion which attaches him to the cause of his
country and ofhis kind. He pathetically assures
the flag officer that no man lives in their midst who
could even " think" of hoisting the national flag
without bringing paralysis upon at least owe hand,
and upon his whole heart, while a cheer given to
that grand old ensign which for almost a century
has been their chief glory and their only protec-
tion is an insult to his " susceptible" constituents
—so gross and so wanton that it can only be ex-
piated by the blood of the impious loyalist. Your
few but faithful friends fly from under your very
guns, to seek safety among a people they never
saw, and only know to trust because they them-
selves are true. Loyalty cowers and treason swag-
gers in the very presence of youradvancing hosts.
Everywhere men bluster and women chatter the
most malignant hostility to your authority, while
John Minor Botts, whose heroic devotion to your
flag, to his own duty, and to the cause of repre-
sentative Government is his only offense, is re-
leased from close imprisonment only to be told he
must reside where a rebellious government per-
mits, and he must speak not at all out ofhis own
family " except on strictly private business matters."
Mr. President, I do not now stop to inquire
why these things are. I content myself with say-
ing now, they should no longer be. If we mean
to have the national authority respected it is time
we asserted it. It is not enough that we capture
rebel towns and defeat rebel armies. We must
command and govern the rebel population.
For thirty years that deluded and betrayed peo-
ple have been industriously taught that the nation
was nothing, but the State everything. That les-
son must be unlearned. It is time a new testa-
ment was given to them.
" Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adhering tu their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort."
So speaks the Constitution. But the courts say,
so I am told, that the rebels who now make war
upon the United States are domestic enemies, not
foreign, and that adhering to them, giving them
aid and comfort, is not treason. Thus only those
rebels who actually wage war against the United
States are guilty of treason; and as yet your laws
have defined no other crime but treason.
The popular understanding seems to be that no
behavior is wrong which the laws do not forbid,
and so the nation stands to-day upon the seem-
ingly logical conclusion, that of the millions who
constitute the force of the rebellion, only the few
hundred thousands who actually bear arms against
us can bo recognized as offenders, or made ame-
nable to punishment. Hence your armies to-day
occupy hundreds of square miles of territory
where no rebel army can be found, but within
which the rebel armies are daily recruited by the
labors of decrepit old men, unchristian ministers,
and malignant women. Hence, you draw hay
from Massachusetts, and meal from Wisconsin,
to supply yourarmy on the Rappahannock, while
the valley of the Rappahannock supplies the rebel
hosts at Richmond. Hence, one of your gene-
rals drew vehemently buta short time since upon
the quartermaster's department for horses, which
the department could not supply, while the gene-
ral's command occupied a district of Virginia,
the pastures of which swarmed with horses.
Hence, men and women, struggling out from the
abyss of rebellion, have been caught up in your
lines and thrust back to work on rebel fortifica-
tions and to feed rebel hosts, for fear somebody
owned them. Hence, your friends are seen to
fly, scared and trembling, from under cover of your
camps, while your enemies crowd thick and
snarling and noisy about them. Hence, treason
struts even when it has ceased to fight, and loy-
alty still implores when it ought to command.
All this, I submit, sir, ought to be changed. The
bill I present to the Senate, if presently enacted
into a law, will help to effect the change. It aims
to accomplish buta part of what ought, in my
judgment, to be done, and speedily done. But it
will afford a clear and distinct intimation to all, that
the first duty of every citizen is obedience to the
Government of the United States, which always
represents the people of the United States; that
such obedience the Government expects, and the
promise of it, at least—a promise in the most sol-
emn and imposing form it can be given—the Gov-
ernment will have from every one within its reach.
It will teach that obedience to any Government but
this is, of itself, a crime not to be countenanced,
not to be tolerated, but to be utterly condemned
and severely punished. It will instruct the whole
Republic that wherever your power extends there
your authority is supreme and must be acknowl-
edged, and that you will no longer give protection
to those who preach and labor to raise and sup-
port aimies for you to fight and conquer.
It may be said that oaths are easily taken and
often broken, and that it will be easier to obtain
a pledge of allegiance than to secure its perform-
ance. All this is true. But it is also true that
when every person within reach of your power is
the publicly sworn friend of your authority, you
will have made a long stride towards established
order and rightful supremacy. Treason, then, to
be safe must be secret. And whenever conduct is
practiced or opinions avowed only in whispers in
dark places, then it becomes the associate of con-
spiracy, of robbery, of larceny, and of alt the other
infamies which society proscribes and the State
punishes. When every person in any community
is publicly sworn to be loyal, loyalty will no
longer be hunted outof thatcommunity as a felon.
Your soldiers will not be flouted with the ensign
of rebellion. Your armies will be no longer bul-
lied by unarmed traitors or menaced by them with
defeat. Your friends will no longer be openly
threatened with robbery and destitution. Mayor
Monroe will not again venture to compassionate
the " delusion" which binds your gallant officers
to your most glorious service; nor will he again
venture to stigmatize a cheer to the American flag
as an insult to American citizens; and when the
Mayor of any town, whether of Norfolk or Nash-
ville, again demand special security for liberty or
property, ho will be told, I trust, that since the
American Constitution was adopted there has been
no security for liberty or property but m the char-
acter of the American people; that until that Con-
stitution is abrogated there can be no other; that
whether that security be satisfactory or not, no
general of the Republic can venture to promise
protection which the people choose to deny.
Mr. DAVIS. I have listened to the remarks of
the Senator from Wisconsin with a great deal of
interest and with a great deal of approbation. I do
not know that I dissent from a single solitary sen-
timent or opinion which he has uttered. I read,
when it was published in the newspapers, the let-
ter of the Mayor of New Orleans to Commodore
Farragut, and it struck me as being more redolent
with insolence and treason than any letter I had
read. I think it was the imperative duty ofGen-
eral Butler, the commander of that expedition, to
seize upon that Mayor and send him to Fort War-
ren or somewhere else. I made some little inquiry
into the antecedents of Mayor Monroe, and I am
informed that he was an emigrant from the city of
New York to the city ofNew Oileans. He threat-
ens, very distinctly, vengeance against the Union
people of the city of New Orleans. If that Mayor
should dare to exercise any vengeance or to ad-
minister any punishment whatever to a loyal hu-
man being of the city ofNew Orleans, if he could
be seized upon, he ought to be tiied by a military
court-martial and to be shot by the sentence of that
court; and if I was the military commander there,
and had it in my power thus to administer sum-
mary justice, I would not hesitate to do so. If
that administration of punishment to this guilty
Mayor was impracticable and this deed ofviolence
was done towards a loyal Union citizen of New
Orleans or of the State of Louisiana, there ought
to be hostages immediately seized and held for the
protection and, if necessary, for retaliation in the
administration of death to men for no other offense
than their loyalty.
Mr. President, there is a General Hunter, who
has rendered himself very notorious within a short
time, in the American Army. 1 had occasionally
met with the name ofGeneral Hunter in the news-
papers, but if he ever performed any feat to attract
the admiration or to win the gratitude of the Amer-
ican people, it escaped my reading or my recol-
lection. He was sent to command the department
upon the south Atlanticcoast, to supersede a much
better, a much truer, and a much abler man than
himself—General Sherman. After General Sher-
man had prepared his military measures to bring
success to the Americam arms, this General
Hunter was sent there to reap the laurels which
Sherman had prepared to be reaped.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to say that I understand General
Hunter on the 21st day of July last fought most
nobly, and received a wound. His services, at least
there, were regarded as valuable by the whole
country.
Mr. DAVIS. Where?
Mr. TEN EYCK. At Bull Run.
Mr. DAVIS. All honor to General Hunter so
far as he merits it. Instead of wishing to deny
him any laurels or any honor that he has justly
earned, or wishing to restrict him in his theater to
win more, I say let him and every other officer in
the American Army have a fair chance and an open
field, and wherever they win honors and achieve
victories let them receive the plaudits and the grat-
itude of their countrymen.
But, Mr. President, General Hunter performed
one military feat soon after his transfer to the south-
ern command; he ordered the abandonment ofPort
Jackson; and 1 think that is the most noticeable
achievement he has yet made in the war, saving
and excepting his unconstitutional and unauthor-
ized proclamation by which he manumitted the
slaves of three States, or rather, attempted to do
so, which has been pronounced a brutumfulmen.
What took place there? Immediately upon the
retreat of the American forces that were garrison-
ing that fort, some fifty, sixty, seventy, or eighty
Union people abandoned the place with them, and
fled with the Army to save their lives. Three or
four Union people remained, and what was their
fate? They were immediately seized by the return-
ing rebels and were hung.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me a
moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I have seen several of those res-
idents from Florida who fled with that army, and
they all universully say it was a matter of mili-
tary necessity, and that General Hunter is not to
blame for it. He had not force enough to hold it.
Mr. DAVIS. How did they know? How did
a victim, who was taken under the protection of
military men 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator disputes the
knowledge of these gentleman, allow me to in-
quire how he knows?
Mr. DAVIS. Only fiom the reports in the
newspapers.
Mr. CLARK. And I saw the men who were
there, and came away with the army, the men who
fled. They said it was necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that that is the only
post which our troops have yet subjugated, that
has been so ignominiously abandoned. If there
is any other,1 know it not.
Mr. WILKINSON. Banks left Winchester
yesterday. "
Mr. DAVIS. But not ignommously. No, he
was left exposed to the attack of an overwhelming
force. Banks isa man of ability, of talent. I do not
sympathize with his political opinions; but I sym-
pathize with him as the commander of an American
army, and 1 want him to win forthatarmy the most
signal and decided successes. But from some
cause, some intrigue, or some military strategy,
or from the workings of individual ambition, or
some other motive, his force is so weakened as to
leave him an c^sy prey to the overpowering rebel
armies that were brought to assault him. I say
it was a deep wrong to him, to his army, and to
the service, that he should have been thus left
exposed.
But I return to Port Jackson, m Florida. I am
