THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
on the authority derived from the sitting mem-
ber.
Mr. President, there is in the file of papers in
this case a number of one of the Leavenworth
newspapers, containinga correspondence between
the sitting member and this Colonel Weer, his
agent, on the subject of the organization of this
brigade; and Colonel Weerproves the correspond-
ence therein printed to'be genuine. There are sev-
eral letters from the sitting member to Colonel
Weer; one only I shall read, and that is dated the
10th of July, 1861:
ft Tclcgraphic Dispatch.
To Colonel Willivm Weer:
Orders on way from Quartermaster and Commissary Gen-
erals ; also, order that Government will supply hordes for
cavahy. J. II. LANE.
Here is the Senator telegraphing and writing to
his authorized agent in Kansas on the1 10th of
July, while he is occupying a seat in the Senate
of the United States; that agent, having in his
possession his letter of authority, declared before
the committee that he exhibited that letter of au-
thority to the people of Kansas in order to show
that General Lane was authorized to raise those
troops. He also admitted that he said to the peo-
ple there that General Lane had taken the oath of
office, in order to establish the fact that he had
authority to do what he was then doing.
The order to muster in these companies was
not given until the 10th of July. I do not know
whether Colonel Weer stated in his testimony,
but he stated to me, that he was mustered into
service on the 16th of July, And that he had no
commission until September, and no other author-
ity except that given to him by the sitting mem-
ber. Now, sir, what is the case? The sitting
member was here denying that he was brigadier
general; he was there by his agent showing his
letter of appointment, and informing the people
that he had taken the oath of office, by the dec-
laration of Colonel Weer.
Mr. President, yesterday there was read at the
desk of the Secretary the correspondence between
the Adjutant General and the silting member, in
which the Adjutant General said to the sitting
member:
"On the 2Hth of Juno you were appointed a brigadier
geneialj you have neither signified your acceptance nor
your declination of that appointment; and I am instiucted,
therefore, by the Secieuiry of War to say to you that your
name cannot be sent to the Senate."
What is his reply? Does he say " on such a
day I declined the appointment?" Notatall; but
he says, in effect: " I wish you to hold it open
until the Kansas brigade elects me or somebody
else, and then I will ans#wer your inquiry." Sir,
I appeal to the members of the Committee on the
Judiciary for the truth of what I say, when I de-
'clare that this assertion now made, whether true
or not, was not before the committee during the
whole of last session. The sitting member in-
sisted that he had not been appointed, and that he
had not accepted, but never, so far as I know,
insisted that he had declined the appointment; but
his whole correspondence, and his speeches here
on the floor of the Senate, establish the fact that
his defense was that he had not been appointed
and had not accepted—not that he had declined or
resigned the appointment after having accepted it.
1 omitted, Mr. President, to refer yesterday to
another fact which was proved by the witness,
Colonel Weer, and that was the issuance of the
proclamation of the 19th of September, which is
signed by "J. H. Lane, commanding Kansas
brigade, by T. J. Anderson, lieutenant of engi-
neers, acting adjutant general "—the acting adju-
tant general of the sitting member. The fact is
known to the whole country that he was in com-
mand of the Kansas brigade, the troops of the
United States, surrounded by his staff, members
ot which I believe are now in this cify claiming
to be members of the staff of the sitting member.
Here is a proclamation commencing with the
words '• commanding general," designating him-
self by these terms, and I refer to it simply for
the purpose of showing that the whole coutse
pursued by the sitting member during the last
Congress was one of uncertainty, to say the least;
I was about to say equivocation, but I :!r> not wish
to use any term that will be in the least degree
offensive—hut it left the whole matter uncertain.
The sitting member insisted that he had not ac-
cepted the appointment, but that he intended to
accept it whenever the Kansas brigade should
select him. He went into the field and commanded
the Kansas brigade, acted as a general over the
forces belonging to the United States, and of course
he must have acted by the authority of the United
States.
I have thought it but justice to myself, Mr.
President, that I should make these explanations
of fact, because although the Committee on the
Judiciary, those members of it especially who
have taken a particular interest in this matter,
have acted with great industry and with great
kindness to me, yet, as this is a personal matter,
I have perhaps paid far more attention to it than
any of them, and I know all the minutiee of the
whole transaction, and I believe the facts which
I have stated can be in no essential particular
denied.
Mr. CLARK. I did notproposeto trouble the
Senate again for a moment on this question, but
after some remarks that have fallen from the con-
testant, and some from the honorable Senator from
Kentucky yesterday, also some from the Senator
from Delaware, I feel called upon to say a few
words.
I hold in my hand the original appointment or
pretended appointment of James H. Lane as brig-
adier general. I hold in my hand also another
original paper from the office of the Secretary of
War of the same date authorizing him to raise
two Kansas regiments, and promising him that
when the regiments were ready an officer would
be detailed to muster them into the service, and
that clothing and arms should be furnished them.
Now, I understand it to be contended that in re-
questing a man to be detailed to muster them in,
and in making requisitions for clothing, &c., he
acted as brigadier. Mr. Lane says he did not
act as brigadier, but he acted under this original
direction of the War Department; and I submit
to the Senate whether he has not the right to say
that he acted under it, being authorized by it to
do these acts; and I say that, after the reception
of this order, he did no one act which other Sen-
ators have not done without a commission, which
any civilian may not do. How then is he to for-
feit his seat, and how is it to be fastened upon him
that he has actcd as brigadier, when.ho had au-
thority for what he has done under another com-
mission ?
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, to speak figu-
ratively, this question still lives, and to speak
poetically,
ft still drags its slow length along."
The ScnatG, it is manifest, are quite tired of this
discussion, and they were tired of the question
when the discussion began. Last week, early in
the week, perhaps Tuesday, I had the honor of
opening the debate; and how many listeners did
I obtain? Why sir, it would be mortifying to me
to state the number if 1 knew it, but candor com-
pels me to say they were not numerous—not nu-
merous enough to puff up any man, however vain,
with any overweening notions of the force of his
own logic, or the attraction of his own eloquence.
1 am aware that that may be accounted for on
other grounds than want of interest m the question;
but as the discussion proceeded, and when the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, who had
made elaborate preparation upon this question, and
at whose instance, weeks ago, it was postponed
thathemightthuspreparehimself—--when he came
to address the Senate, what attention did he com-
mand? Able lawyer as he is, preparing himself
elaborately as he did, presenting the points on
which this case turned clearly and distinctly as
he did, his auditors on this side of the Chamber,
though fit, were very few; and on the other side,
atleast duringaconsiderable portionof his speech,
the honorable Senator from Kansas, the sitting
member, sat solitary and alone, listening to the
discussion'. The honorable Senator from New
Hampshire argued the question, as he always
| does a question winch he attempts to argue, with
great force and ability.
His first point was that there was no office; his
second, that there was no appointment to any of-
fice; and his thiid, that there was no acceptance,
covering pretty conclusively, one would suppose,
the whole ground; but the honorable Senator in-
formed us that he (restraining himself doubtless
by the proprieties of the place and the occasion)
should not attempt, to use his own language,46 to
play a game of sharps," or he would have made
the answer to the claim of "the contestant even
more overwhelming than those several proposi-
tions did make it. ^
As the discussion has since proceeded, Senators
have been in, not to listen to it, but hoping that
it would end, and have been preparing to bring
forward otfler business. That is the reason why
we happen to have a few more Senators in their
seats now than we-have previously had, and that
is the sole reason.
The fact is, Mr. President, we have lost the pole
star by which we were guided in deciding ques-
tions of contested election. Wc always had a
simple and very easy mode of disposing of these
questions; and that was to make them party ques-
tions. At least I can speak for the time during
which 1 have had the honor of a seat here—a little
more than six years past—duringwhichtime there
have been three cases of contested election—I
mean that were seriously contested—the seat of
the honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan:] the seat of the honorable Senator from In-
diana now a member of this body, [Mr. Bright;]
and his former colleague, who is not now a mem-
ber, [Mr. Fitch.]
Those are the only cases that have been seri-
ously contested within the past six years. There
have been other cases brought to the notice of the
body, but not entitled to, and not receiving, any
very grave consideration, because no question of
importance was involved in them. Upon those,
and each of those, there was a full and thorough
discussion, and they were decided upon party
grounds, for it is not more true that—
" Rhyme the rudder is of versos,
With which, like ships, they steer their courses,"
than that we formerly steered through these ques-
tions by the star of party. The seat of the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa to whom I have alluded
was vacated—vacated by a party vote; the mem-
bers on this side of the Chamber unanimously
voting that he was entitled to his seat; the members
on the other side voting that he was not entitled—
not unanimously, I admit, for the majority was
large then, and therefore a few members voted
with the minority, leaving a handsome majority,
to vacate the seat. Then came the question re-
garding the Senators from Indiana. They were
held entitled to their seats by a party vote again;
that is, all the members on this side of the Senate
voted that they were not entitled; not quite all the
members on the other side voted that they were
entitled; as I have before remarked, the majority
being large, a few could be spared to the minority,
and they were spaicd. But now, sir, the star of
party has set, and wc arc quite at sea upon cases
of this description. I do not propose arguing, or
attempting to argue, under these circumstances,
any of tli£ questions now involved. It would be
useless, and in the judgment of the Senate at least,
it would be wasting their time.
Many members seem to think this case turns
upon the question of the existence of the office
of brigadier general on the 20th of Jufie last. If
those Senators who advocate the right of the sit-
ting member are correct in asserting that there
was no office on the 20th of June last, such as that
to which the President attempted to appoint him,
so existing as that it could be considered an office
under the authority of the United States,the Con-
gress of the United States will be placed in a most
unfortunate and painful predicament. The neces-
sary result of that doctrine is, that on the 21st of
July last a bloody battle was fought some twenty-
five miles from this capital between two large
bodies of armed men, neither one of which was
in the sen ice or acting under the authority of the
United States. On one side was an organized army
of rebels attempting to overthrow and destroy the
Government and Constitution of the Unitod States,
and to blot out this nation from existence among
the nations of the earth. Those men who went
forth to battle against them, though claiming to
act under the flag and by the authority of the Uni-
ted States, were, in contemplation of law, no more
acting under that authority than the rebels whom
they fought. Why do 1 say this? Because tak-
ing the ground that there was no such office as
brigadier general on the 20th of June to which the
President could appoint the sitting member,goes
to this extent. That is an assertion that these two
opposite forces were each a lawless rabble; noth-
ing more and nothing less. I.might possibly ex-
cept that portion of the force under the flag of the
