2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
no military man; I do not know the exigencies of
that case or any other; but before that fort, which
had been won by our countiy's aims, should be
deserted and abandoned, and Union men
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him what fort he is talking about?
Mr. DAVIS. Jacksonville.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no fort there.
It is but a town.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, suppose it is but a town.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a great differ-
ence, I think, between a fortification and a town.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, a fort ought to have been
made there; when the town was captured by the
army, they ought to have fortified it for their own
defense. At any rate, if they did not intend to
keep it, they ought not to have taken possession
of it and deluded Union men to take the oath of
allegiance to theircountry,and then abandon them
to their fate, or brm^ them in exiie from their
homes and their firesides.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to suggest to him that the mistake in taking
it, if that was a mistake, was not owing to Gen-
eral Hunter, but to General Sherman.
' Mr. DAVIS. That is true; but the mistake or
the fault of leaving it was General Hunter's.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question, or rather to make a state-
ment. It is a fact, I suppose, notorious to all,
that both General Sherman and General Hunter
were importunate in their efforts to secure rein-
forcements, which the Government was unable to
furnish them, in order to hold the line and the
various towns that they were 111 possession of.
Mr. DAVIS. Unable to furnish reinforcements
with seven hundred thousand men in the field?
Mr. GRIMES. I only say this in vindication
of these two generals who had taken possession
of those places. This is a fact which, I believe,
is notorious to the world.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, General Hunter had better
have been looking to the protection of that place
and to the safety and protection of the Union peo-
ple there, than to have been issuing proclamations,
without any power or authority, for the emanci-
pation of slaves. If he had done that, he would
have been more in the line of his duties as a com-
mander.
I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for hav-
ing referred to the case of Geneial Hanks. I ani
not competent to criticise his conduct as a mih-
taiy commander, or that of any other man; but I
have given to it what little attention I could as it
has been revealed in the public newspapers, and,
in my judgment, he has evidenced a large share of
general intellect and very great aptitude for mili-
tary administration. The accounts in the morn-
ing papers are that he was attacked by a force four
times the amount of his own, and that he was
forced to fall back from the valley first upon Win-
chester, and now has been forced to cross the Po-
tomac to Maryland. That, to my uninformed,
uninstructed inind, seems wrong. There has been
misconduct somewhere. I do"not know who is
guilty of it. I believe General Stanton has as-
sumed the command of the aimies lately, on the
Potomac and everywhere 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor is mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. I have understood from the public
reports—I do not know whether it is so or not—
that he arrested the march of General McDowell
with his division to General McCiellan.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senatoi allow me to make a statement?
Mr. DAVIS. Oitainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will state
that the Secretary of War is not responsible for
the movements charged upon him by the Senator
from Kentucky. The President alone is respons-
ible for whatever has occurred, both for arresting
the advance of General McDowell to Yorktown,
and withdrawing a portion of General Banks's
forces. The order arresting the advance of Mc-
Dowell was made by the Piesident, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, General Hitch-
cock, and several other military men. It was given
for the best of purposes, and I am sure there was
no intiigue about it, nor personal objects rained.
It may aa\e been an error; but, if so, it was an
error committed by the President for an honest
and patuotic pui pose, under the advice of the mil-
itary men whom he consulted. I understand the
fact to be that the President gave written orders
—in fact I have seen the orders—that the number
of men necessary for the defense of Washington
should be left here, and that that number should
be agreed upon by the commanders of the various
corps of the Army. The commanders of corps
held a consultation, and decided that forty-five
thousand men were necessary to he held for the
defense of this city. AH the forces were ordered
to be withdrawn from this city, with the excep-
tion of nineteen thousand, and four thousand of
that number were sent for. Nearly all of the reg-
iments left here were recently brought into the
service, and four or five of them were cavalry regi-
ments, not mounted, and not in a condition for
service. Under these circumstances, apprehend-
ing precisely what has taken place, the President
withheld thirty thousand men underGeneral Mc-
Dowell. Ten thousand of this force, under Gen-
eral Franklin, at the urgent request of General
McCiellan, were sent forward to Yorktown, but
McDowell was held back with twenty thousand
men on the Rappahannock to protect the capital
and menace Richmond. The President then, in
order to concentrate a force here and. threaten
Richmond, and aid General McCleilan's move-
ments, ordered General Shields to unite with Gen-
eral McDowell, thus making an army of about
forty thousand men, the intention of which was
to move on Richmond by land, so as to cover
Washington in their movement. This left Gen-
eral Banks a small force, and a movement has been
made upon him, and he has been compelled to evac-
uate the Shenandoah valley and recross the Poto-
mac. These movements were directed by the
President; and he is alone responsible for them.
In doing what he did, I have no doubt he was ac-
tuated by honest pui poses, and he had the sanc-
tion and support of his military advisers, includ-
ing the Secretary of War.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator from
Massachusetts is making his statement, I should
like to inquire of him if it was not at the urgent
and repeated request of General McCiellan that
troops should be sent to him to aid in his attack
upon Richmond that this has been done?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In response
to the Senator's question, I will say that I under-
stand that Geneial McCiellan desired to have the
forces reserved underGeneral McDowell sent for-
ward to him by the steamers. Upon his request,
General Franklin, with his division, was sent for-
ward to Yorktown. The President, to protect
Washington, and at the same time to aid General
McCiellan by menacing Richmond, withdrew
General Shields's division from General Banks,
thus concentrating on the Rappahanock forty
thousand men. This force could move on Rich-
mond, or act directly for the protection of Wash-
ington, according to circumstances. Yesterday
the President, in view of what has occurred, stated
that this force of twenty thousand men, which he
had reserved, and for which he takes the entire
responsibility, had been reserved by him in appre-
hension of precisely such a movement of the en-
emy threatening this city as has already taken
place. In my judgment, the events of yesterday
and the day before, and the events now transpir-
ing around us, are the fullest vindication of the
President in reserving a portion of General Mc-
Dowell's corps.
The President may have made a mistake in
withdrawing so much of the force of General
Banks, but I am sure he acted according to the
best lights he possessed. General Banks has been
forced to retrace his steps, to abandon the Shen-
andoah valley, and to recross the Potomac; but
he has performed his duty with ability, and he
merits, and he will receive, the approbation of the
Administration and the country.
THE TAX BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th c morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the unfin-
ished business of Saturday, being the bill (H.R.
No. 312) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, and pay interest on the public
debt. The Secretary will commcnce the reading
of schedule B, after section one hundred and five.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Schedule B.
Stamp Duties.
Agreement or contiact other than those specified in this
schedule; any appraisement of value or damage, or for any
otherpurpose; for eveiy sheetoi piece of paper upon which
either of the same shall he written, five cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to this clause. The next will
be read.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Bill ofExchange, (inland.)—Promissory note, hank check,
draft, or oidcr for the payment of any sum of money drawn
upon any bank, trust company, or any person or persons,
companies or corporations, at sight or on demand, except
notes, bank cheeks, drafts, and orders under fifty dollars,
two cents.
Bill of Exchange, (inland.)—Promissory note, draft, or
order, for the payment in any other manner than at sight,
or on demand, of any sum of money not exceeding $500,
five cents; exceeding $500, and not exceeding $2,500, ten
cents; exceeding $-2,500, twenty-five cents.
Bill of Exchange, (foreign,) or letter of credit drawn in,
but payable out of, the United States, if drawn singly; or if
drawn in a set of more than one, according to the custom
of the meichants and bankers, for eveiy hiU of each spt; or
drawn in any foreign country, but payable in the United
States, where the sum made payable shall not exceed §500,
or the equivalent thereof in any foreign currency in winch
such bills may be expressed, according io the standard of
value fixed by the United States, five cents; exceeding
$500, and not exceeding $2,500, ten cents; exceeding
.§2,500, twenty-five cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out those words, and insert what will
be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have
agreed to another amendment, which will take
the place of that which was originally proposed.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the commit-
tee to move an amendment to the amendment ori-
ginally reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
originally reported will first be read.
The Secretary read it; to insert, in lieu of the
words proposed to be strickcn out, the following:
Bill ofexehange, foreign or inland, promissory note, bank
check, draft, or order for the payment of any sum of money,
drawn upon any bank, tru^t company, or any person or per-
sons, company or companies, for any sum exceeding ten,
and not exceeding twenty dollars, one cent; for each addi-
tional hum of twenty dollar?, orfor any fractional part there-
of, payable thereon or thereby, the additional sum of one
cent: Provided, That upon billsof exchange, whethci for-
eign or inland, drawn in sets or parts of two or more, ac-
coidtng to the custom of bankers and meichants, the same
duty or stamp shall be due and payable upon each bill of
the set.
Letters of Credit.—For each letter ofciedit, fifty cents.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment that I have to
propose is to strike out the amendment reported
originally by the committee, and to insert in lieu
of tliat whole clause what I send to the Chair:
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of any Mim
of money drawn upon any batik, ti u>t company, or other
person or persons, companies or coloration*, at sight, or
on demand, bills of exchange, (inland,) promissory note,
draft, or ordei for the payment in any other mamier'than at
siaht, or on demand, ot any turn of money not exceeding
#100, Scents; exceeding $100, and not exceeding.$200, 10
cents; exceeding $200, and not exceeding £350, 15 cents;
exceeding $350, and not exceeding $500, 20 cents; exceed-
ing .$500, nod not exceeding $*730, 30 cent-^; exceeding
$750, and not exceeding$-1,000,40 cents; exceeding £1,000,
and not exceeding.-$1,500, 60 eetu^ ; exceeding••$1,500, and
not cxcectlmg $-2,500, $1; exceeding $2,500, and not ex-
ceeding .$3,750, ,$'] 50; exceeding $'.'*.750, and not exceed-
ing $'5,000, $1 85 ; and for every $2,500, or patt of &2,500
m excess of $'5,000, $1.
Bill of exchange (foreign) orletterof crcditdrawn in, but
pajabfe out of the United States, if drawn singly, or other-
wise than m a set of three or more, according to the cus-
tom of merchants and banket:*, shall pay the f-anie iates of
duty as inland bill5: of exchange or promis-ory note«. If
drawn m sets of three or more, for every bill of each set
whcie the sum made payable shall not exceed $150, or the
equivalent thereof in any foreign currency in which s>ueh
bill may be expressed accoidmg to the standard of value
fixed by the United States, 3 cents; above $1,50, and not
above $250, 5 cents ; above $250, and not above $500, 10
cenN : above $500, and not above §1,000.15 cent" ; above
$1,000, and not above $1,500, 20 cents ; above $1,500, and
not above $2,'250, 30 cents; above $2,250, and'not above
$3,500, 50 ( chts ; above $3,500, and not above £5,000, 70
cents ; above $5,000, and not above $7,500, $t; and for
eveiy $2,500, or part thereof in excess ot $7,500, 30 cents.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all relat-
ing to bank checks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in or-
der. This is an amendment to an amendment,
and it is not in order to move to amend it.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, sir, I shall vote against
it. I do not believe we ought to tax a bank check.
Where a man keeps an account at a bank or
banking-house, instead of keeping his money in
his pocket, and draws a check for fifty cents ora
dollar, you propose to charge him five cents for
each one of these little drafts. Important prom-
issory notes are something that may be taxed; but
I do not think we ought to include bank checks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very important
