1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
of this kind is to become the permanent policy of
this country—I should be sorry to believe any
such thing. It is a temporary measure to meet
the expenses of the war now upon us, and when
the war is terminated it will be done away with.
I hope that no such measure will be put upon us
as a permanent policy; but God forbid that this
bill shall be a permanent policy for this country.
While war is upon us, while rebellion is raging,
let us impose a tax wherever we justly can. Let
us tax every article that will bear taxation. This
is an article which can and ought to bear taxation.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. It ap-
pears to me that there are a great many things in
this bill which are coming in collision with the
prejudices of the people of this country, and which
are calculated to make the bill odious. The amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Ohio seems
to me a very unjust one, and one which will re-
sult in no practical good if it is adopted, for the
reason that it can be avoided very easily. It is
only the manufacturer who is to return the amount
of whisky on hand, and no one else; and the tax
will be imposed upon the manufacturer who holds
the whisky at that time, and no one else. All the
manufacturer then has to do is, to transfer the
whisky to some other person, and thereby avoid
the tax. The duty then will be only held out as
a lure to evade the law, and the law will be evaded,
and no practical good will result. Whenever a
law can be evaded, my experience is, the law is
brought into disrepute, and is deprived of that
moral power which is the strongest guarantee of its
being observed. If a law upon its face commends
itself to the judgment of the people, it carries with
it a moral power which will do more than a whole
army of police officers towards its execution.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My excuse for
speaking upon this subject is. that a very large
amount of the productions of our country are
manufactured into high wines, as they are called.
Corn is selling in the western country at ten and
twelve cents a bushel. Whisky is taxed fifteen
cents a gallon. Now, it is proposed to tax this
article, not as all other articles are taxed under
the principle of the bill, but to tax all of it that
may be made between this time and the time when
this bill goes into operation. It is singling out
that article which is manufactured fiom the pro-
ductions of the agricultural portions of the coun-
try, and fixing upon it a tax three months in ad-
vance of the tax upon all other articles. Now, I
ask the good sense of this committee, not whether
this is proper, but whether it is honest? Is it
honest to tax the productions of my country three
months in advance of all other productions of the
country? I do not oppose this amendment be-
cause the subject of it happens to be whisky, but
because it proposes a tax upon the productions
of my constituents; and I will not remain silent
when an effort is made, unjustly and unfairly, to
tax their productions three months in advance of
any other articles.
A part of the spirits is made into beverages.
When that is done, and when the proper time to
tax it comes, tax it as high as you please, and I
will never open my mouth or utter a word in op-
position to it. For if you tax it so high that not
a drop of it will be drank you will confer a ben-
efit upon the country. But when you step out
of the line of policy pursued in this bill, and take
any production of the people and put upon it a
ruinous taxation three months in advance, I can
only rise in my place, which I do now, and pro-
test, in the name of my constituents, against this
unjust and unparalleled mode of taxation.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment. The objection I have to this course of
legislation is, that when you impose a tax upon
whisky or any other article in existence, as oner-
ous as this tax bill will be, you will ruin a great
many men. In myjudgment, any tax which is
levied ought to be put off to as remote a day as
possible, m order to give the business of the coun-
try ail opportunity to arrange itself and accommo-
date itself to the change. It is no answer what-
ever to say that a great many persons will specu-
late in whisky or any other articles. You must
give the business of the country, through the man-
facturers, venders, &c., by postponing the oper-
ation of the bill, time to adjustitself to the coming
crisis. Under the prospect of a tax by this bill
of fifteen cents a gallon upon liquors, the cheap
whisky manufactured at the West went up from
thirteen and fourteen te twenty cents a gallon, and
the tax has already been paid by those who have
purchased it. Now, to change the general policy
of this bill, and to throw the burden of taxation
immediately upon any particular article, or upon
anyparticularbusinessengaged in the manufacture
of thatarticle,is unjust and ruinous. The whole
principle is wrong. As remarked by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] it discrimin-
ates against one branch of industry. It is ap-
plying a tax to corn which is manufactured into
whisky which is not applied to anything else,
and it is throwing an unexpected burden upon one
branch of manufacture which will prove ruinous
to very many persons. It is a gross departure
from the principle of the bill, which is that the
taxes shall be indirect as far as possible. The
principle of the bill never applies the tax directly
to an article in existence without giving day to the
business of the country. Because whisky is dis-
tasteful to some persons is no reason why it should
be taxed onerously. If gentlemen do not want
whisky they need not drink it.
Mr. HARRISON. As I understand the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio, it is not to
levy a tax upon whisky that is now manufac-
tured, and which may be disposed of prior to the
taking effect of this bill, but only to whisky which
may be on hand at the time the act takes effect.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It will apply to all
whisky which is now manufactured, and which
may be sold after the time the tax takes effect.
That will suspend the sale of it, and in a great
measure the manufacture of it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I can relieve the gentle-
man in refeienceto this matter. We have already
got this provision in the bill, and it is not neces-
sary to put it in a second time. This labor all
goes for nothing.
Mr. MALLORY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my colleague. I only desire to say, in
addition to what he has said, that we have had
some experience since the adoption of this amend-
ment the other day, which shows the extent to
which this course of legislation upon the part of
the House disarranges the business of the coun-
try. Before that amendment was introduced the
stock of whisky on hand had advanced in the
markets of both the East and the West, I think,
some nine cents a gallon. Since the adoption of
that amendment by the House, it lias fallen six
cents a gallon. By playing this^ame of battle-
door in this House you see how we are disarrang-
ing the business of the country. It is a kind of
play which I hope the House will see the impro-
priety of continuing.
Mr. WADSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend by striking
out the last two words of the amendment. I will
say to the House that I have no desire to make
war upon any particular article of manufacture in
this country. Such a thing is not within the range
of my thoughts; but this bill goes upon the prin-
ciple of sifting out certain articles for the purpose
of raising a revenue to support the Government
in our present emergency, and in doing that it is
sought to reach such articles as will pay the bur-
den with the least inconvenience to the people.
Do not talk about having a uniform tax upon all
the business of the country. The bill which I
hold in my hand is a living, moving, and active
commentary against any such idea as that. It
does discriminate, and it does pick out a variety
of articles and impose a tax upon them in order to
raise a revenue.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will the gentleman point out
one single instance in which the bill discriminates
in the manner in which he proposes to discrim-
inate ?
Mr. BLAKE. Perhaps it does not discrimin-
ate in the same way, for there is no article in ref-
erence to which speculators can so readily take
advantage of our legislation as whisky, and there-
fore arises the necessity of this kind of legislation.
Now, gentlemen are fully aware—it has come
home to the knowledge of us all—that distilleries
have been running night and day for months in
order to accumulate a stock on hand and escape
taxation under this bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that no other business could do
the same thing?
Mr. BLAItE. Not with the same facility.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Whatis the reason why
flour mills, woolen mills, and cotton mills cannot
do the same thing?
Mr. BLAKE. In the first place, they have not
got the cotton. «
Mr. WADSWORTH. They have the wool,
though.
Mr. BLAKE. In the second place, there are
none of those manufactures on which there is as
much profit as on the manufacture of whisky, and
it cannot be done with so much facility.
Now,thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] says that whisky had risen nine cents a
gallon, and that it has fallen six cents a gallon
since this proposition was introduced into the
bill. Who is to pay the tax? If you do not tax
whisky, does the man who consumes whisky get
it any cheaper than if you do impose the tax ?
The gentleman from Kentucky says that since
this amendment was inserted in the bill whisky
has fallen six cents a gallon. The whisky dealers
intend to get this tax of fifteen cents a gallon from
the people, but they intend to escape paying then-
tax to the Government. If you do not insert this
provision, every man who buys whisky will pay
the tax; but if you put it in the bill, we get the
tax from the manufacturers for the support of the
Government, which I insist we ought to have.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Ohio assumes that there is a determination
on the part of the manufacturers of spirits to ac-
cumulate stock between this time and the time
when the bill goes into operation. I do not know
where the gentleman gets his information. There
are very many distillers in my part of the coun-
try, and I have been compelled to have some
knowledge of their feelings and of their course of
procedure; and I say to the gentleman that my
information is that they are falling off and pre-
paring to wind up, for they tell me that this tax
will stop their business, and that they cannot sur-
vive it. I believe that that is so, and that instead
of increasing they are diminishing the manufac-
ture of spit its. But I ask the gentleman whether
the manufacturers of the East, the manufacturers
of cloth and other articles, cannot, and if they will
not adopt the very same course with a view to their
profits upon then manufactures? 1 ask hint why
the interests that guide men in their business oper-
ations will notguide the manufacturers of all other
articles ill the same line that it guides the man-
ufacturers of spirits. The gentleman is willing
that manufacturers shall accumulate and pile up
their manufactures to avoid taxation in everything
but that which strikes directly at the corn-grow-
ing interest. That interest is to be singled out,
and the tax imposed upon it to-day instead of two
months hence. All I ask for the corn-growing
interest is that they shall have meted out to them
that common justice that you mete out to every
other branch of industrial pursuits in the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing debate upon this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the sixty-sixth section of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the amendments of the House to Senate bill
No. 244, to provide for the equilabia settlement of
the accounts of the officers and crews of the frigate
Congress, and of other vessels destroyed at Hamp-
ton Roads.
