1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2345
matter, especially in large cities, and as it stands
now it will not be injurious to the business com-
munity. It is a very small sum, and people who
can afford to have money in bank, generally, can
pay a little duty or stamp tax on that as well as
anything else,
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about the
proposition moved by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, except as I have listened to it nowatthc desk.
It seems to me on the face of it, it is not simple.
Certainly it is not so simple as the proposition of
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a proposition of
the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, the original proposition
of the committee. It is not so simple. In short,
it goes into many details. There are eleven dif-
ferent stamps, as I understand, that it proposes.
Not having had the opportunity of reading the
proposition over and studying it carefully, I am
not able to determine now as to the practical ef-
fect of the provision. I really should like to hear
the Senator upon that point whether or no there
will bo a practical difficulty from its want of sim-
plicity. As I understand, there are to be eleven
different stamps applicable to this one article.
Mr. HOWE. The difficulty the Senator from
Massachusetts labors under, I think, would be
dissipated if he had had the privilege of leading
the amendment. He has nothad that opportunity,
because the amendment has not been printed. In
point of fact I think it is very much more simple
than the amendment originally reported by the
committee; and it was because, upon a little-reflec-
tion and upon a little consultation with those more
familiar with these matters than we were, we be-
came satisfied that that was complex, that we were
induced to recommend a substitute for it. This
proposes a graduated scale of stamps, to be sure;
but there cannot be much difficulty in any given
case of ascertaining just what it is on a bank
check. On a draft or order for the payment of
any sum of money drawn upon any bank, trust
company, or any person or persons 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the minimum?
Mr. HOWE. Any sum not exceeding $100.
Mr. SUMNER. Suppose a person puts a wrong
stamp on, what is the consequence? Suppose a
person puts a $100 stamp on a $200 note ?
Mr. HOWE. This amendment does not affect
that question at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to see its bearings on
these details.
Mr. HOWE. As I understand the general pro-
visions, it would avoid the instrument, but it is not
by virtue of this amendment it is done. It would
be by virtue of a clause winch the Senate have
already passed upon. This amendment does not
affect that question at all. It only prescribes a
different rate of stamps for different instruments.
This proposes a tax of 5 cents on all sums less than
$100; on all sums between $100 and $200,10 cents;
on sums between $200 and $350, 15 cents; on sums
between $350 and $500,20 cents; on sums between
§500 and $750, 30 cents; on sums between $750
and $1,000, 40 cents; between $1,000 and $1,500,
60 cents; between $1,500 and $2,500, $1; exceed-
ing $2,500 and not exceeding $3,750, $1,50; ex-
ceeding $3,750 and not exceeding $5,000, $1 85;
and for every $2,500 or part of $2,500 in excess of
$5,000, $1. That is one proposition. Then on
foreign bills of exchange or letters of credit, drawn
in but payable out of the United States, if drawn
singly or otherwise than in a set of three or more,
according to the custom of merchants and bank-
ers, they shall pay these same rates that I have
just read. If drawn m sets of three or more, for
every bill of each set where the sum made pay-
able shall not exceed $150 or the equivalent thereof
in any foreign currency m which such bills may
be expressed according to the standard of value
fixed by the United States, 3 cents; making 9 cents
on the set on sums not exceeding $150, which is
about the equivalent of 5 cents on the $100 on
single bills; on sums between $150 and $250,5
cents; between 250 and $500, 10 cents: between
$500 and $1,000, 15 cents; between $1,000 and
$1,500, 20 cents; between $1,500 and $2,250, 30
cents; between $2,250 and $3,500, 50 cents; be-
tween $3,500and $5,000, 70 cents; between $5,000
and $7,500, $1; and for every $2,500 or part thereof
in excess of $7,500, 30 cents.
I really think it will be apparent to the Senate
that these provisions are periectly intelligible, and
there can be no difficulty in the practical working
of them, unless this tax is going to operate as a re-
straint on this kind of business. Those who have
been most familiar with it and most deeply en-
gaged in it seem to be very confident it will not
operate as any restraint whatever, but it will yield
a very considerable revenue. It is so small a sum on
money transactions of very considerable amount
that I conceive it will never be felt at all by those
by whom it is paid.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not doubt that it is per-
fectly intelligible. My doubt was whether it had
that practical simplicity which, if possible, we
ought to introduce into this bill; and failing in
that, I feared it might actually be an impediment
in the way of business. The Senator alludes to
that possibility. I am notable to judge that ques-
tion with the little information that I have, and
without having read the proposition*,and I really
should not like to voteon placing this permanent-
ly in the tax bill without seeing it in print first.
Mr. HOWE. I will suggest to the Senator that
it will be subject to reconsideration when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. With that understanding, I
shall make no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. If this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is adopted, will it be sus-
ceptible of amendment afterwards?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not. _ The
only way in which the Senator can effect his ob-
ject is voting down the amendment, and then
presenting it with that clause out.
Mr. SUMNER. But I take it the whole ques-
tion comes up in the Senate afterwards.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment,as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before proceeding any fur-
with the bill, 1 will, with the authority of the
commit tee,move to perfect the forty-fourth section
reported by the committee as an amendment. If
necessary, I will move a reconsideration of it.
There aie two or three words that ought to be in -
serted there to carry out the idea of the commit-
tee. I wish in the third line of that section, on
page 46, after the word "roof," to insert the words,
"or other fire-proof roof;" so that it will read:
That the owner or owners of any distillery may erect,
at ins or their own expense, a warehouse of lion, sioue, or
brick, with metal roof, or other fiie-proof roof, to be con-
tiguous to such distillery, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment can be
made by general consent, I suppose.
The VIOE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The Secretary read the next clause in schedule
B, as follows:
Hill of lading or receipt, (other than charter party,) for
any goods, merchandise, or effects, to be exported Irom a
port ot place in the United States to any foreign port or
place, ten cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to this clause, and the next
will be read.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to a clause on
this same subject, to be found on page 145 of the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have got that marked.
This is not the proper place to attend to that. We
will attend to that when we get to it, and make it
conform.
Mr. HOWARD. But my fiiend will observe
that the clause to which I refer on page 145, is
marked as having been recommended to be struck
out by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. When
we get to it, we will not agree to the amendment
of the committee, and set it right.
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed it was an error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall have it corrected
when we get to it.
The Secretary lead the next items, as follows:
Hill of lading or receipt lor any good*, merchandise, or
effect*5, to be cmu<ld fiom one poit or place jn the United
Stares to anv other port or place m the United States, either
by land or water, e\cept when cairied by any express com-
pany or earner, five cents.
Ilxpies*.—For any receipt issued by an express company
or carrier, oi person whose occupation is to act assucn,
for any single box, bale, package, or bundle, two cents ; tor
any number of packages more than one, to the same ad-
dress, live cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out what has been read, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof, the following:
For every receipt or stamp issued or issued by any ex-
press company, or carrier, or person whose occupation itis
to act us such, for all boxes, bales, packages, articles, or
bundles, for the transportation of which such company,
carrier, or person, shall receive a compensation of not over
twenty-five cents, one cent; when such compensation ex-
ceeds the sum oftwenty-five cents, and not over one dollar,
two cents; when one or more packages are sent to the same
address at the same time, and the compensation tliereibr
exceeds one dollar, five cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the fourteenth line,
the second" issued" should be " used," so as to
read, " for every receipt or stamp issued or used
by any express company," &c. I wish to make
that verbal amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made without a motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as follows:
Bond—For indemnifying any person who shall have be-
come bound or engaged as surety for the payment of any
sum of money, or lor the due execution or performance of
the duties of any office, and to account for money received
by virtue thereof, fifty cents; bond of any description not
otherwise charged in this schedule, twenty-five cents; cer-
tificate of stock in any incorporated company, twenty-five
cent^; certificate ot profits, or any certificate or memoran-
d um showing an interest in the pi operty or accumulations of
anv incorporated company, if for a sum not less than ten
dollars and not exceeding fifty dollars, ten ccnts; for a sum
exceeding fifty dollars, twenty-five cents.
Certificate.—Any certificate of damage, or otherwise,
and all other certificates or document* issued by any port
warden, marine surveyor, or other person acting as such,
twenty-five cents; certificate of deposit of any sum of
money in any bank oi trust company, or with any banker
or person acting as such 5 if for a sum not exceeding $100,
two cents; for a sum exceeding $100, five cents; certifi-
cate of any other description than those specified, ten cents.
Charter party—Contract or agieement for the charter of
any ship or vessel or steamer, or any letter, memorandum,
or other wiiimg between the captain,master, or owner,or
peis-on acting as agent of any ship or vessel or steamer,
and any other person or persons, foi or relating to the charter
of such ship or vessel or steamer, if the registered tonnage
of such ship or vessel or steamer, does not exceed three
hundred tons, three dollars; exceeding tluee hundred tons
and not exceeding six hundred tons, five dollars; exceeding
six hundred tons, ten dollars.
Contract —Broker's note, or memorandum of sale of any
goods or meichandise, stocks, bonds, exchanges, notes of
hand, real estate, or property of any kind, or description,
issued by brokers or persons acting as such, ten cents.
Conveyance.—Deed, instrument, or writing, whereby any
landc, tenements, or other realty sold shall be granted, as-
signed, transferied, or otherwise conveyed to. or vested in,
the purchaser or purchasers, or any other person oi persons
by his, her, or their direction, when the consideration or
or value exceeds $100 and does not exceed §500, fifty cents;
when the consideration exceeds $500, one dollar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose no amendments to these clauses,and the
next will be read.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
Dispatch, telegraphic.—Any dispatch or message sent, by
telegraph ; Proiu/c<Z, That all messages and dispatches sent
or forwarded, ort the business or for the u&e of telegiaph,
express, or railroad companies, such as may be sent and
received iree of charge, and such as may be for the use of
any fire or police department of any city or town, shall be
exempt hom duty, three cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
propose to strike out all of this clause after the
words " dispatch, telegraphic,5' and to insert in
lieu thereof:
Anv dispatch or message, the charge for which for the
fust ten woids does not exceed twenty cents, one cent;
when the cbaige for the first tun words exceeds twenty
cents, three cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
Entry of any goods, wares, or merchandise at any ous~
tom-hon-e, either for consumption or warehousing, not
evceedmg&lOO in value, twenty-five cents; exceeding $100
and not exceeding $500 in value, fifty cents? exceedmgtfSOO
m valn<-, one dollar; entry for the withdrawal ot any goods
or merchandi?e from bonded warehouse; fifty ccnts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose no amendment to this clause, and the nest
will be read.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
Insmanco, (life.)—Policy of insurance, 01 othei instru-
ment, bv whatever name the same shall be called, wli.'reby
any jii-uranee shall be made upon any life or li\es; when
the amount insured shall not exceed i$l,U0i), twenty-five
cents; exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding ,<>5,000, fifty
cents; exceeding $5,000. one dollar.
Insurance, (marine and inland.)—Policy of insurance,
or other in«tiument, by whatever name the «atue shall be
called, whereby any insurance shall be made upon any ship
or vessel, or upon any good-*, merchandise, specie, 01 other
piopcrty on board of any ship 01 ve^el, or upon the freight
ot any ship or ves-el, upon any other mteie t in or re-
lating to any ship or vessel whieh may lawfully beinsurcd;
or upon any goods, meichamhse, specie, or other property
