1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Wholeon the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I have but one min-
ute. There is danger of the whisky tax of fifteen
cents per gallon failing of its object. It may lessen
production and therefore consumption and there-
fore revenue. As I have no time to discuss, I beg
to have printed for the informatidn of the com-
mittee this from constituents who are distillers.
Their views show that the farming interest is
involved in this tax. I hope the letter may be
appended; and, pro forma, I move it as an amend-
ment to have it inserted, and will then withdraw it.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Lockbourne, Ohio, March 17,1860.
Samuel S. Cox, Esq.:
We. beg leave to call your attention to the war tax bill,
which your honorable body will soon be called to act upon,
particulaily that clause that taxes our business, and,as we
couccive, the great corn-giowing interest of out own State
and of the entire West. We wish to notice a few facts and
incontiovertible inconsistencies in this bill as we have it
repotted by the news.papei , and hope by so doing you will
not consider us as intruding on yout valuable time. In the
fiist place, you will notice that the bill pioposes a tax of
ten cents per bairel on flour, while on whisky it is liiteen
cents per gallon ; in other words, two ccnts per bushel oil
wheat, and si,\ty cents pel bushel on coin. The value of the
wheat in this State is generally about one dollai per bushel,
while the value of corn is generally from twenty to timty
cents; these two articles are produced from the two gieat
staples of the West. Now, why should the corn be taved
so much, while the wheat goes nearly scot tiee? It evi-
dently seems to any 1 caponing mind to be a deadly blow
aimed at the great corn-pioduemg portions of the middle
and western States, while no people are more loval to the
Union, and no people could be any more willing to pay their
share of the tax.
It maybe aigued by some of your New England com-
peeis on the floors of Oongiess, that tin* i*= a tax on spirit-
uous liquors and not on com, and consequently they class
it among the iuxtuies of the eomitiy, whi<-h, thev contend,
ought to be taxed the heaviest. This argunientisbasedoii
the presumption tuat spirits distilled fioiu giam aie all, oi
nearlyali, used by drinking as a bovuage. Now,sir,noth-
ing could be further from the tiuth. Alcohol, you know,
is manufactured ftom the high wine*—or whisky, as it ^
sometimes called—which is iiiriuufaetuied out of the com,
and alcohol forms a component patt in medicine, chemical
opciations of neaily ail kinds, mechanics, and, in tact, m
mo-t of the aits and sciences. Now, mi, we do not claim
to lie piophct*, nor anyielation thereto; but it docs seem
to us that the working of this tax will be about a* tollow- :
as soon a* the tax law goes into operation, the eon-unie t
will be slow to advance the price, and will immediately
commence making less of it do, and substituting something
else; the manufaetutei cannot afford to pay the tax, and
he will immediately commence manufacturing less, and,
linally, stop altogether Now, what is the ter-ult on the
com market? It is tine tliat a little will be manufactured
at points* most favorably situated, and where the proprietors
ot distilleries have peculiar advantages in the way ot being
located in a cheap corn maiket, close pioximity to a good
maiket for the manufactured article, cheap latlroad heights,
&e. There is not the shadow of a doubt but that it will
almost annihilate the corn maiket. You know tlieie is a
large surplus after supplying the foreign maiket and fatten-
ing all the poik that a market can be found for.
The iiameis of the bill certainly cannot he aware ot the
immense tax levied on this article in proportion to the capital
invested in all others; for instance, we consume daily one
thousand bushels of grain, eight hundred of which is pure
corn, balance the offal from wheat, rje, and bailey, produ-
cing about four thousand gallons of proof high wines, on
which we aie to be taxed only $600, while the whole stock
operated on cofts about three hundred dollars besides the
labot and use of machinery and coal. The New England
cavan-j have ananged a tax of three per cent, on the pro-
duce of their constituents, while we of the clod-hopping
tiatenuty aie taxed a gieat deal mote than the tiue value
of the article, and at ail times mote than one hundred per
cent, on the whole capital invested. A NevvEnghind fae-
toiv pay three per cent, on the manufactuted article. Say
if they tuui out $1,000 woith pu da\, their tax would be
thiity dollnis, while ours would he £f)00 per day on less
than halt the capital. If we have to'have a heavy tax, in
the name ot common sense let, it be as neaily equal all
aiotind as possible. Wo have not seen any tax att.ingod
/or the vast shipping and fish ins inteiest Of New Ungiaiid,
except what little comes under the stamp head.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusotts. I movetoamond
the section by striking out the word " uses," in
the seventeenth line, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word " name;" so that it will read:
Setting foith the place where the rnanufactme is to he
earned on, the name ofthe manufactured article, tne pro-
posed market for the same, whether foreign or domestic,
and generally the kind and quality manufactured or pro-
posed to be manufactured.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back to section sixty-
four, to offer an amendment which is obviously
necessary in consequenceofanamendment which
has been introduced into a preceding section.
There was nc objection.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
words "to physicians who keep on hand medi-
cines solely for the purpose of making up their
own prescriptions for their own patients," and
insert at the end of the section the following:
Nor shall the provisions of paragrapli No. 24 extend to
physicians who keep on hand medicines solely for the pur-
pose of making up their own prescriptions for their own
patients.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I move to amend the
sixty-sixth section by inserting in line twenty-
nine, at the end of the third subdivision, the fol-
lowing:
Provided, Such returns, statements, descriptions, memo-
randa, &c., shall not apply to and embrace spiiits manu-
factuied before tins act takes effect.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk then read the sixty-seventh section,
as follows:
Sec. 67. Jind be it further enacted, That upon the amounts,
quantities, and values of goods, vvaies, merchandise, and
aiticles manufactured and sold, hereinafter enumerated,
the manufacturer thcieof shall pay to the collector of inter-
nal revenue within ins distiiet, monthly, oi on a day to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the
duties on such manufactures; and for neglect to pay such
duties, after demand, cither personal or written, leitathis,
hei, or their house or place ot business*, or manufactory, the
amount of such duties may he levied upon the goods, wares,
and merchandise manufactured by any such manufactuier.
And such duties, and whatevet shall be the expenses of levy,
hhall be a lien in tavor ot the United States upon such
manufactured article* in whatsoever hands found. Such
lien may be enfoiced by distiamt as provided m the gen-
ual piovisions of this act.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to that section:
Proiidcd, That in all cases of goods manufactured in
whole oi m part upon cotnmis-ioii, if the manutacturcis
shall be loquued to pay undei tins act the tax heiebv im-
posed, such person oi person* so pawng the same shall be
entitled to collect the amount thereot of the owner orown-
ets, and shall have a hen foi the amount thus paid upon the
manufactured goods.
I wish to say in regard to that amendment that
a large class of manufactured goods are manufac-
tured upon commission, and that the commission
in many instances would not suffice to pay the
amount of the tax. Of course it is intended that
this tax shall be paid by the owner and not by the
manufacturer; but the bill provides that it must,
in the first instance, be collected from the manu-
facturers. I am awaie that the committee suppose
that the bill already provides for it substantially,
but I know the fact that already an issue has been
made upon this subject between owners and man-
ufacturers, and a dispute has arisen; and if it is
the intention of the committee that the owner shall
pay the tax, and not the manufacturer, I cannot
see why it should not be so expressed m words
in the bill.
Mr. HOOPER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from NewYork,
because the Committee of Ways and Means in-
tend to offer an amendment to the section which
they think will provide more effectually for the
object which the gentleman has? in view.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I am willing to
withdraw my amendment until I hear what the
Committee of Way sand Means have to offer, with
the understanding that if it is not satisfactory I
shall have a right to renew my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the gentleman from New
York to accept, instead of his amendment, the fol-
lowing:
After the word manufaetuler^^'', in the seventh lino,
in--ei t:
Prodded, That when cloth is sold and delivered exclu-
sively toi dyeing, printing, bleaching, or to be finished in any
othct" manner, and thi^acl is manufactured and sold or de-
hvoted exclusively fot knitted fabrics or for weaving, as
provided lot in the — section of this act, the duties shall be
assessed on aiticles finished and piepated for use or con-
sumption to the parties mi finishing or preparing the same ;
and any pai ties so linis-hing or pieparmg any cloth or othei
fabrics ot cotton, wool, or other maf! ta), lie the r lmpoited
or othei wise, shall be considered the manufaetuiers thereof
for the pui poses of tins act.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to include also " hides furnished
for tanning."
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I must insist
on my amendment. That suggested by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts does not make a gen-
eral provision. I do not see any objection to pro-
viding generally, without specifying particulars.
The principle applies as well to the manufacturers
of all kinds of goods as it does to the manufactur-
ers of woolen and cotton goods. I insist on my
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. There is one in-
terest, Mr. Chairman, which I think ought to be
protected in this particular manner. It is a very
large interest, especially in the rural districts. I
mean that of millers, who manufacture for their
country customers for a certain amount of toll.
Tf the amendment of the gentleman from New
York were to prevail, the consequence would be
that the farmers would have to be charged on each
grist their pro rata of the tax. I think this mat-
ter will equalize itself, and that the miller, instead
of charging one tenth, will charge one eighth. It
is better he should settle the account himself with
his principal than that we should do it for him.
Mr. HOOPER.. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to-
amend the amendment by adding " or where the
material is furnished by one party and manufac-
tured by another." This is done under what is
called "stocking contracts."
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I accept that
modification.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Are there not a good
many contracts now made for delivery at certain
prices ?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I do not
know. I only know that a large majority of con-
tracts made with manufacturers of goods are not
of the character proposed to be aneetcd by the
pending amendment, bj.it are of the character
which I have indicated.
The question was taken on Mr. Steele's amend-
ment as mollified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I now move the amendment
which I submitted a few moments ago, to come in
after the woid " manufacturers," in the seventh
line ofthe sixty-eighth scction.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word" weaving," the words
" or for spooling."
Mr. HOOPER. I accept the amendment.
Tne amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "sold, "in the third line, the words
" or delivered;"so that it will read:
Sfc. 67. be itfarther cnactcd. That upon the amounts,
quantities, and values of goods, wares, metehandise, and
articles manufactured and sold, or dehvcied, hereinafter
enumerated.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by adding,
after the word " thereof," in the fourth line, the
words " when manufactured for himself or for
others;" so that it will read:
The manufacturer thereof, when manufactured fur him-
self or tor others, shall pay to the collector of internal rev-
enue within his district, monthly, or on a day to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the duties
on Mich manufactures.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to amend
by striking out the words " goods, wares, and
merchandise manufactured by" and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " real and personal property
of;" so that it will read:
And for neglect to pay such duties, after demand, either
personal or written, left at his, her, or their house or place
of business, or manufactory, the amount of such duties may
bo levied upon the real and personal property of any such
manufactuier.
It will be observed, Mr. Chairman, that under
this bill taxes are assessed not only on goods
manufactured, but on goods sold or delivered.
The provision that the goods shall be taxed only
when sold is certainly a very good one, because
it keeps in view a cardinal rule of taxation—that
is, that the tax shall be levied when it is most
convenient for the tax payer to pay it. Of course
he is better able to pay it when he is in funds
from sales made by him than at any other time.
But the bill goes on to provide that there shall
be a lien on the goods taxed. Now, the goods
taxed are the goods sold, and the consequence of
this provision would be that after the goods had
