2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
transported by any conveyance whatsoever from any port or
place to any port or place; when the amount insured shall
not exceed $1,000, twcntv-five cents j exceeding $1,000 and
not exceeding $5,000, fifty cents; exceeding $3,000, one
dollar.
Insurance, (fire.)—Policy of Insurance or other instru-
ment) by whatever name the sntne shall be called, whereby
any insurance shall be made of or upon any building, sjoods,
wares, merchandise, or other property, from loss or dam-
age by fire, or arising therefrom, by any insurance company
or its agent or other person ; when the amount insured shall
notexceed$l,000,tweuty-fivecents; exceeding $1,000and
not exceeding $5,000, fifty cents; exceeding $5,000, one
dollar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose to strike out the whole of this clause after the
word " insurance," where it first occurs, and to
insert what will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to that clause,
the committee now recommend that a little differ-
ent course be pursued. They propose to retain
lines one hundred and twelve, one hundred and
thirteen, one hundred and fourteen, one hundred
and fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, and one hun-
dred and seventeen, in regard to life insurances,
and to strike out the rest, commencing with " in-
surance, (marine and inland.)"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified. The question, then, is on
striking out all of the clause that has been read,
commencing with the words " insurance, (marine
and inland,)" and inserting the following:
Each policy of insurance or other instrument, by what-
ever name the same shall be called, by which insurance
shall be made, whether upon any hl'c or lives, marine or
inland, upon property of any description, whether against
perils by the sea or by fire, or other peril of any kind, made
by any insurance company, or its agents, or by any other
company or person, ten cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the tax on life insur-
ance is retained, the amend men tshou Id be amended
by striking out the words " whether upon any life
or lives;" and I make that motion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I perceive that the committee
propose to reduce the lax on each policy, no mat-
ter for how large a sum it may be, from twenty-
five cents, which was the House minimum, to ten
cents. Is that so?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. There may be some very good
reason for jeducmg it to so small a sum; but I do
not comprehend it. If we are going to tax bank
checks for five or ten dollars, wo certainly ought
to tax a policy of insurance, which may be $5,000
or $10,000, more than ten cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason the commit-
tee had, and the Senate will judge of its sufficiency,
is simply this: wc retain the duty as fixed by the
House on life policies because we do not tax them
anything upon their gross receipts. With regard
to the marine and fiic policies, we charge three
percent, upon the gross receiptsofthccompanies.
That was very much contested by the Are and
marine companies, especially the marine compa-
nies, and it was a matter of a good deal of doubt
and debate in the committee. We concluded,
therefore, that we would retain the original prop-
osition of the House with regard to life policies,
as they paid nothing on their gross receipts; but
as the other burden was thought to be pretty high
on insuiancc companies—three per cent, on their
gross receipts—wo would reduce the tax on the
policy to a uniform standard, ten cents. That
was the reasoning of the committee. The burden
of course must fall on those who pay the policies
Mr. GRIMES. I move to increase it from fen
to twenty-five cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the minimum of
the House.
Mr. GRIMES. They arc fixed from twenty
five cents to one dollar in the bill of the House for
marine and fire policies, and I propose to amend
the amendment by striking out " ten " and insert-
ing" twenty-five," which was the minimum in the
House bill. It is true we tax these marine com-
panies elsewhere. So also, in fact, we tax the
money that is in the hands of the banks on deposit !
-shapo or olher- exceeds the sum of ;
#600, it is taxed as income. !
ivr'* Not as inc°me. |
u* It gets taxed in some shape
or other. 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. How?
Mr. GRIMES. I deposit my money at the
bank and check it out for family expenses. It is
my income; it is taxed as my income, and yet on
every check that I give for three pounds of butter
or of cheese I have to pay five cents, or else be
compelled to take care of the money myself and
run the risk, which in my section of the country,
flooded as it is with bank paper from some of the
eastern States, is a good deal of risk, and we pre-
fer to deposit in bank and check against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the amendment, if the Senate think proper to
adopt it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
amendment. I doubt whether the Senator from
Iowa is aware of the number of policies that are
insured. For instance, I am told in the single
city of New York there are three hundred thou-
sand in a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we shall get more
money out ofthem.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the argument, then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are looking to raise
revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; we are looking
to raise revenue. I agree with the Senatorin that;
but to raise it justly, and without pressing inju-
riously on any particular business. Now, if we
put a tax of twenty-five cents upon three hundred
thousand policies, I admit we get much more rev-
enue than if we put on only ten cents; but the
question is whether we ought to press too hard on
that business, and particularly the business of life
insurance.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not included.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg your pardon; all poli-
cies are included.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The life insurance is
struck out.
Mr. SUMNER. In this clause?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not hear that. Does it
apply simply to marine and fire policies?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All sorts of insurance
upon property.
Mr. SUMNER. Still, I think a tax of ten cents
is enough.
Mr. DIXON. The proposition, I believe, is to
raise the tax proposed by the committee from ten
cents to twenty-five cents on each policy. Those
interested in this matter do not object, and I be-
lieve have consented to a tax of ten cents on each
policy, although it was believed to be an incon-
venient and improper mode of taxing the compa-
nies. The Senator from Massachusetts has stated
that three hundred thousand policies are issued in
the city of New York in each year. This pro-
posed tax of twenty-five cents on each policy
would raise the sum to $75,000 a year from those
companies, from a single interest in a single place.
It seems to me that a bare statement of it is enough
to show the Senate thatitisunreasonable. Itmay
be a convenient mode of getting money; but the
object of the Senate is to do what is just and right.
What the companies ought to pay, they are will-
ing to pay. An exorbitant sum ought not to be
required. A tax of ten cents on each policy, it
seems to me, is ail that ought to be exacted.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad to know that the
companies have consented to be taxed ten cents,
as the Senator from Connecticut has said. The
question now is whether the Senate will consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment was of-
fered on the motion of the committee, and I do not
know but that I am more responsible for it than
anybody else. I doubt veiy much, however,
whether wo did not put it too low.
Mr. DIXON. I understood the committee to
report it. The committee, at any rate, agreed to
reduce the tax to ten cents on each policy; and I
do not understand the companies to object to that,
although they do not consider it a proper mode
of taxing them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. J do not understand the
companies to object to the tax; that is to say, to
the rate that was fixed for policies of insurance.
They did not make any specific objection to that.
Ihey did object very strenuously and stringently
to the tax of three per rent, on their gross receipts,
and they instanced this as an additional burden
upon those who were insured, that they would
have to pay this amount, twenty-five cents, fifty
cents, or a dollar for every policy. They said it
would come hard on those who were insured, be-
cause tiiey must pay it, and not the companies.
It would be charged, of course, to the person who
took out the policy. In thinking it all over, find-
ing that the committee were disposed to retain the
three per cent., I submitted to the committee of
my own motion, I think, the propriety of putting
all the policies upon the same level, and taxing
them the small sum of ten cents. It was agreed
to without much consideration. I do not think if
it was put at twenty-five cents on all policies it
would be a very severe tax. It does not look
much like it. It is very much smaller for stamps
than in most other cases; but that was the par-
ticular reason for it. The Senator from Connec-
ticut will notice that we have reduced very much
from the House tax on all these matters. We
reduce the tax on the gross receipts down to three
per cent. That was a very large reduction from
what was put on by the House upon fire policies.
On marine policies there is not a reduction, but
an increase; but there is very much of a reduction
on fire policies, and we put them both upon the
same level. Now, it is for the Senate to consider
whether twenty-five cents for all policies is too
much. I have no very great opinion about it my-
self; certainly no feeling one way or the other.
Mr. DIXON. It is true the committee did re-
duce, and reduce very largely. The fact is, the
first proposition was of such a character that no-
body could sustain it. The ideaoftaxingthecom-
panies ten per cent, on their gross receipts, taking
ten .dollars of every hundred dollars they received
in taxation, was so absurd, and I might even say
so outrageous, that the members of the House
themselves, when it came to be explained to them,
were willing it should be reduced. Our commit-
tee, therefore, reduced it to three per cent., which,
as I attempted to show the Senate on Saturday,is
itself a very high tax, and which I trust the Sen-
ate, when the bill is reported from the Committee
of the Whole, will not insist upon. But here is a
tax now upon policies. There are many reasons
why it is unjust and unreasonable to tax policies
in this way. One reason is the inequality of it.
You tax a policy of $500 or $100 precisely the
same that you do a policy of $10,000. The for-
eign companies insure their policies for $10,000,
$20,000, and $50,000, underwriting a policy to the
amountof$50,000. You propose totaxthemtwen-
ty-five cents. That is a very trivial tax to them.
Another company issues a policy for $100 or $500,
and you impose the same tax on that policy. Its
inequality shows that it is an improper mode of
taxation. Whatever taxation you make oughtto
be equal; it ought to apply to all companies alike.
This mode of taxing the policy itself works very
great hardship againstsmall companies that never
issue a large policy, but issue a great many small
ones.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Their customers pay it;
they do not.
Mr. DIXON. They issue a great many small
policies, and each will be taxed. While the Lon-
don and Liverpool companies would issue a policy
for $50,000, our companies would issue for that
$50,000 a hundred policies, and would have to pay
twenty-five cents on each one of the hundred, while
the Liverpool company would pay it but once.
The inequality of it alone, it seems to me, is ob-
jection enough to this mode of taxation. Still, if
it stands as the committee have fixed it, and as I
think it ought to remain, ten cents on each policy,
it is an amount that would not be objectionable.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the com-
mittee will be adhered to.
Mr. GRIMES. An ordinary policy would prob-
ably cost to the person who was insured perhaps
sixty dollars for $10,000 or $5,000.
Mr. DIXON. There are very few policies at
$10,000 issued.
Mr. GRIMES. We propose to tax this man
who has $5,000 or $10,000 insured, has that much
capital embarked, twenty-five cents. I do not
know whether the Senator voted for it, but at any
rate the Senate adopted an amendment a little
while ago by which we tax a check drawn for
fifty cents precisely as much as we tax one drawn
for ninety-nine dollars. Certainly there was as
great inequality theie as theie is in this instance.
It seems to me, if we arc going to tax the bond
which a poor man is obliged to give, i-n order to
carr}'a little appeal case up from a magistrate to
the district court to obtain justice, twenty-five
cents, we can\ery well afford to tax an insurance
policy the same amount.
