3S06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
making of contracts for the Government," approved June
5,1863, be, and the same is Hereby, suspended until Hie first
Monday of January. 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred ki.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the Senator
from Pennsylvania in his seat who took an interest
in the bill which is sought to be suspended, and
who prepared some amendments to the bill under
consideration with a view of perfecting the law
which has passed or remedying any defects which
exist in it. I think this bill had better be delayed
until the Senator from Pennsylvania is in his seat.
I know that he prepared amendments which he
intended to offer to correct the objectionable fea-
tures that exist in the law which was passed, and
I think that would be a much better way than to
suspend it. The whole country has been crying
out and demanding some legislation to prevent
frauds in the making of contracts, and a bill has
been passed with a view of exposing such frauds,
if any take place. The Departments find fault with
the bill and regard it, in some respects, as imprac-
ticable, and one of the Departments thinks it might
lead to the disclosure ofsomecon tracts which ought
not to be disclosed. These are matters which ought
to be corrected, and instead ofsuspendingthe bill,
I think it would be much better to remedy these
defects and let the law stand. I think the country
requires some legislation to preserve the purity of
the Government in these matters, and I know that
the Senator from Pennsylvania has turned his at-
tention to tins subject; in fact, lie was the author
of the original bill. 1 move that this bill be laid
aside until the Senator from Penrtsylvaniais in his
seat. I do not sec him at this moment. I suppose
he will be in soon.
Mr. HALE. I stated to the Senate when I was
up before how much I had tried to get this bill
considered, and the absolute necessity there was
devolving upon the committee of which I am a
member to prepare a bill for additional clerks,
unless this be passed. The proposition I now
make was made on consultation with the Senator
from Kentucky, who agrees to it. I would men-
tion to my friend from Illinois that since this bill
was introduced, wo have passed a joint resolution
which many think is more stringent in us char-
acter and covers the ground all over and better,
and that was done with the approbation of the
heads of both Departments—1 refer to the resolu-
tion to compel the publication of all these con-
tracts every week in the city newspapers, with
the names of the persons at whose instance the
contracts are given out. Inasmuch as the Depart-
ments require so much larger clerical force to carry
out this act, and that joint resolution hasalready
passed requiring a publication of con tracts, 1 think
it would be imprudent and impolitic to insist on this
act going into immediate operation. By the 1st
of December, if wc live, we shall come together
again, and we can then see what the operation of
that resolution has been, and can prepare a bill
that will be void of the objections which exist to
this law. X think its operation had better be sus-
pended under these circumstances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the Senator from
Pennsylvania does not come in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose he will come in.
I do not agree with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that all has been accomplished by the pub-
lication of these contracts. 1 think it will make a
very fine job for the newspaper publishers in the
city of Washington; but if it was calculated to do
any good, I was willing that the resolution should
pass. I have no doubt the resolution had the ap-
probation of the heads of Departments, and I wish
to say to the Senator' from New Hampshire, that
while I should like to have the suggestions of the
heads of Departments, and of the subordinate offi-
cers, as to the working of any law in their Depart-
ments; while I should like to be informed as to
how the business is done, I think Congress should
frame the law to expose any improper conduct in
any of the Departments or any of the bureaus. I
do not think that that is the best place to go to,
where the frauds have been practiced, to the offi-
cers under whom they have been practiced, to pie-
pare laws to prevent their future occurrence. If
there is no fraud, if the contracts are all fairly made,
and there is no imposition upon Government, there
would be no necessity for a law. But the whole
country has called out for some legislation on this
subject. The Senator from New Hampshire him-
self introduced a bill making it a highly penal of-
fense to practice an imposition upon the Govern-
ment; other Senators introduced bills punishing
with death a man who should defraud the Govern-
ment in this its time of emergency. The bill which
wc passed a short time ago, and which it is pro-
posed to suspend, received the deliberate consid-
eration of Congress at a former session, was then
passed, reconsidered, postponed for six months,
considered again, and passed, and now it is to be
suspended at the suggestion of the Departments.
It would be certainly much better to perfect it. I
am not asking^ that this bill be indefinitely post-
poned; I am asking that it be laid aside until the
Senator from Pennsylvania, who takes an interest
in it, who has prepared amendments to remedy
the defects which are complained of in the law,
shall be in his seat. It is extraordinary to me that
this bill must be forced to a vote under sue!} cir-
cumstances. When before has a bill in which a
Senator feels an interest been rushed through in a
few minutes after the meeting of the Senate in the
morning,and at an hourwhensuch business is not
usually done ? I do not know how it happened
that this bill came up so early. I was in the Sen-
ate a very few minutes after eleven o'clock. The
Journal must have been read with great quickness
or this bill could not have been got up at the time
it was. I only ask that it be laid aside until the
Senator from Pennsylvania comes in. He is not
out of the city that I have learned. I presume he
will be heie in a few minutes.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator does the chiefs
of two Departments of this Government a great
deal of injustice, and I think does injustice to him-
self when he says that the act of Congress to which
this bill relates is to be suspended at the instance
of the head of any Department. Such is not the
fact. The War Department, so far as I know, has
taken no notice of it. The Secretary of the Navy
has addressed a letter to the Committee on Naval
Affairs for an appropriation for clerks to carry
into effect theveiylaw which the Senator from
Illinois is so anxious shall remain upon your stat-
ute-books, and be unrepealed or unsuspended. In
the exercise of their discretion, the Committee on
Naval Affairs believed that it was more expedient
to repeal the law than it was to grant this large
sum of money for the purpose of paying additional
clerk hire.
If the Senator from Illinois believes that he can
prevent frauds by retaining this law upon your
statute-book, he believes something in which I do
not believe. Contracts arc always fair upon their
face. I do not. know of a single contract that has
been made by either of your Departments, and
that is said to be tainted with fraud, or of which
it is said fraud composes a part, that is not of
itself fair upon its face. It is the execution of
the contract afterwards in which the fraud con-
sists. You do not reach them by the enactment
of this law, or by its retention upon your statute-
book.
Mr. President, the whole question is in a nut-
shell. We have passed a law, and given no power
to execute it. Now, the question is, shall we
repeal that law, or shall we pass an appropriation
to allow the officers who want to obey the laws
of the country faithfully and conscientiously, the
means of doing it? Do one thing or the other.
So far as the Department with which I am more
immediately connected is concerned, I do not care
which is done. If you choose to give $12,500 to
the Navy Department for additional clerk hire,
the Navy Department will be perfectly satisfied;
the Committee on Naval Affairs will be entirely
satisfied: everybody connected in any degree with
that Department will be satisfied; but if you do
not choose to do that, lepeal the law. Do not put
the Departments in the attitude of violating a sol-
emn act of Congress which you have passed, and
which you, by youl failure to pass an appropria-
tion, ate compelling them to violate.
Mr. WADE. There does not seem to be any
probability of bunging this subject to a conclu-
sion, and 1 therefore move to postpone this and
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill for the admission of West Vnginia into the
Union as a State.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 hope not.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to make a report
which will occupy the Senate perhaps five min-
utes only.
Mr. HALE. I object to this repealing bill giv-
ing way to anything. It is an important bill; and
either it must be passed or the Naval Committee
must introduce a bill for additional clerks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the pending and all
prior orders, with a view to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill for the admission of West Vir-
ginia into the Union. The question is on that
motion. \
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to introduce
a resolution of inquiry which will take no time.
I believe that is in the order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
regular order of business, except when set aside
by a special motion to postpone all prior orders.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to allow me to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry. It will not take a moment, and relates to
a matter of some importance to us in Kansas.
Mr. WADE. Any such motion, of course, I
do not wish to stand in the way of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the motion of the Senator from Ohio
will be suspended, to receive the resolution from
the Senator from Kansas. The Chair hears no
objection, and the Secretary will read the resolu-
tion.
The Secretary read it, a*s follows:
Resolved, That tiie Secretary ot War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any information lie may Jiavc as to
the reasons for the airest of Lieutenant Colonel D. R. An-
thony, of the seventh Kansas regiment, if, in the opinion
of the said Secretary, t>uch information can be given with-
out injury to the public interest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to read an ex-
tract from a letter that I have just received.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is, docs any Senator object to the considera-
tion of the resolution ?
Mr. HALE. Yes,sir;Ido. If it were a mat-
ter of course, I would not object; but I object to
any debate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I only desire to read
five lines of this letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over, objection being made.
Mr. WADE. On Saturday last, when the Sen-
ate had under consideration a resolution to adjourn
at an early period, I stated that one great reason I
had for voting against it was the deep and abid-
ing interest that the people of Western Virginia
seemed to feel in the great question oftheiradmis-
sion into the Union as a State. 1 did not like to see
this Congress adjourn without acting upon that
subject, and I was fearful that we should bring the
session to a close before we could act upon it. It
was suggested to me that there would be ample
time to act upon itwithin the time indicated in the
resolution to adjourn. Well, sir, that may be; I
believe there is time; butl feel and know thatifl
fail to succeed with the present motion, the time
has gone, and gone forever. Therefore it is that
I now make an appeal to every Senator on this
floor who is favorable to the admission of that
State, to embrace the opportunity presented by
this motion to stand by me and to stand by this
measure until we carry it through. I do not think
it need take half an hour. It has already been de-
bated, so far as debate will elucidate the subject,
and 1 do not propose to debate it myself. The'peo-
pleof Western Virginia, at all events, are determ-
ined that they never will travel side by side with
their old associates any longer. They cannot do
it; and they appeal to us, as an act of justice, to
let them into the Union on the same principles on
which other States arc admitted.
Mr.GRIMES. Let us dispose of this bill,and
then wc will take up yours.
Mr. WADE. There was a vote to suspend
your bill I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. No; there was not. It has not
been suspended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say to the Senator
that I am with him to get in the new State of West
Virginia, but the bill under consideration I con-
ceive to be of vast impoi tance; and I do not wish
to be put in the position of antagonizing that bill
against this. If he will be content to let us take
a vote on this pioposition, I will vote with him to
take up this bill.
