1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
been, sold, the collector makes his statement, gons
to the purchaser, and executes his levy on the
goods in the hands of the purchaser^ To avoid
this [ propose my amendment. There is no reason
why all the propeity of the manufacturer should
not he made liable for the payment of taxes.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by striking out the words " such manu-
factured articles in whatsoever hands found,"and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " the said real
and personal property of such manufacturer;" so
that it will read:
And such duties, and whatever shall be the expenses of
levy, shall be a lien in favor of the United States upon the
said real and personal property of such manufacturer.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by inserting after the word'' enforced," the
words " against said personal property;" so that
it will read;
Such lien may be enforced against said personal property
by distraint, as provided in the general provisions of tiu&
act.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. This would
render it quite impossible for a man to get a good
title to real estate from a manufacturer, for there is
no record of these taxes to be kept anywhere.
No man could purchase real estate with any cer-
tainty that he was getting an unincumbered title.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pensylvania. The purchaser
can inquire of the tax collector.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by adding at the end of the section the
following:
And against the said real estate in the manner provided
by Jaw for the collection of taxes assessed on lands: Pro-
vided nevertheless, That the lieu aforesaid bhall not affect
the said personal property in the hand* of a bona fide pur-
chaser without nonce thereof: Jlnd provided further. That
the tax on good*, waies and meichaudi^e mann fact died m
purpuancc of contract-* made before the parage ot thi.5 act,
shall bo paid hy the purchaser oa dehveiy thereof; and a
statement of the names and places of residence of such
purchaser or pureha^ersshallbe furnished by the said man-
ufacturer, as may bo required by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue.
I understand that the amendment which was
rejected was that making the tax a lien on real
estate. There was no objection, as I understand,
to the enforcement of a lien on personal property.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I think that
the objection to making the tax a hen on personal
property is still stronger than to making it a hen
011 real estate. Without providing any means
of recording these incumbrances, a manufacturer
could not sell a dollar's worth of real or personal
property.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Then I with-
draw all of my amendments, cxcept that apply-
ing to goods manufactured on contracts made prior
to the passage of this act.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. NOBLE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts offered an amendment, coming m in the
seventh line, after the word " manufacturer,"
which has been adopted by the committee, and
which is undoubtedly very proper, so far as it
extends; but it applies to only one or two classes
of goods. I desire now to offer an amendment
to make the application of the same provision to
other articles where they are similarly manufac-
tured. I move to add, at the end of the proviso
adopted on motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, as follows:
Jind provided fiother, That where any other article con-
stituting an ingredient meiely of any principal tiling to be
manufactured, shall bo made ordelivciod for the expi'-ss
purpose of the manufacture of such piiucipal thing, in
eveiy such case the tax herebv imposed shall be a^cssed
upon the principal thing and noiupun such ingiedieut.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by substituting for the
section as it has been amended the section as it
was reported in the bill by the Committee of'
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman pro-
pose to strike out what has been inserted ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir, !
everything, and leave the section as we found it. j
Mr. NOBLE. I do not know but the amend- j
ment of my excellent friend from Massachusetts j
is the best one that can be adopted. But if the i
provision incorporated in the amendment which I
has been adopted on motion of the gentleman from i
Massachusetts is to prevail, it should apply cer- !
tamly to all other articles manufactured under |
Similar circumstances. There is no reason for j
giwng to the cloth manufacturer the privilege of
having the tax levied upon the cloth itself, ex-
cluding any other tax upon the ingredients that
enter into the principal thing in that item, which
does not apply with equal force to every other
manufacturer. If we apply the principle to the
manufacture of cloth, it should apply to the manu-
facture of everything else; and to accomplish that
object I submit this amendment.
Mr. HORTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my colleague, and I propose to adopt as
the substance of my remarks in opposition to it,
the remark of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thomas,] that the best thing we can do is to
go back to the original section and start anew.
The amendments proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Blair,] which have been
adopted, have confused the section so much that
the proper construction will be almost inaccess-
ible. 1 do not think it can be got at, and I agree
with the gentleman that the best thing we can do
is to restore the section in its original form.
Mr. NOBLE. I agree entirely with my col-
league in the propiiety of restoiiug the section as
it oiiginally stood. But if the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, which has been
adopted, is to stand in the bill, 1 think my amend-
ment should he also inserted.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the amendment hav-
ing been incorporated into the section, it is not
now in order to move to strike it out. I under-
stand the rules to require that when a clause has
been incorporated into a bill, a motion to strike
it out cannot be entertained. I think, therefore,
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
to strike out the section as amended, and insert the
section as originally reported, is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The committee can do the very
thing which the gentleman from New York says
they cannot do. Whether they ought to do it is
another question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The Chair, the
other day. ruled out of order an amendment which
f proposed, on the ground that it had been sub-
stantially voted on before.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would again
rule the same way. If the gentleman from Ohio
had moved simply to strike out the proviso which
had been adopted, the Chair would have decided
the motion out of order.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. If the substi-
tute which the gentleman proposes is adopted, I
shall have to move my amendment again.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has that
right.
Mr. Noble's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not propose to pre-
face the remarks I shall make with an amend-
ment, because if the section as it stands can beex-
plamed by the draughtsman of the bill so as to
meet the objection to which it seems to me it is
liable, I do not wish it to be changed. The sec-
tion reads:
That upon the amount-, quantities, and values of goodrf,
ware*, merchandise, and articles manufactured and sold,
heiemalter enumeiated, the manuiacluiei thereof shall pay
to the collector of internal revenue within his disnict,
monthly, or on a day to be pio-cnbed by ihu Commissioner
of Interna! Revenue, the duties on such manutactmcs.
Now, why is it necessary to fix it here in our
statute that there shall be monthly payments, and
then give to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue the unlimited discretion of fixing any other
time he may please. The objection, it strikes me,
to that provision is this: it enables the Commis-
sioner, while it requires me to pay my tax month-
ly, to give to my competitor six months m which
to pay his. To enable the Committee of Way sand
Means to explain away thatobjection, 1 will move
to strike out the clause of the section I have read.
Mr. HORTON. The objcct of leaving some
discretion in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury or of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue is this: there are many branches of business
that make their returns quarterly,and we think
it is proper to give the Secretary of the Treasury
power, if he shall see fit to use it, to collect the rev-
enue in such cases quarterly instead of monthly.
But as a general rule we have thought best to
require monthly collections. For instance, in the
city of Louisville, the gas company may furnish
the city with gas for street lamps, and they make
their returns to the city quarterly only. Now,
we propose to give to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury power to require the gas company to pay as
they receive. We give him power to conform his
action to the various requirements and customs of *
the business of the country. I take it for granted
that this discretion will be used properly, that
there will be no abuse of power under it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If I knew my friend from
Ohio would be Commissioneroflnternal Revenue,
I should be willing to take that for granted. But
I can see that great abuses may be practiced un-
der the section as it stands. The Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, for instance, will have the
discretion of giving to the cloth manufacturer in
Massachusetts sixty days in which to pay his
tax, while he may require of the shoe manufac<r
turcr the payment of his tax at the end of thirty
days. It will enable him to practice any amount
of "favoritism that he may be disposed to practice.
Mr. HORTON. I am oppsscd to the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, to strike out the
clause he names, for the reason that it is impos-
sible in a bill of this sort to designate every in-
stance or case where a discrimination ought to be
allowed. It is out of the question for us here,
in committee or in the House, to say that in one
business the collections shall be made each month,
and that in another postponed for a longer term.
I think it is much safer and better to leave the
Secretary of the Treasury and Commissioner of
Internal Revenue some margin for the exercise of
a sound discretion. Nor do I think, where that
is done, one branch of manufacturers will have
any chance to complain of favoritism toward
another, unless it may be in a case where the
Commissioner is satisfied that a variation from the
rule is required for the public good. It cannot
make any great cause of complaint, for instance,
in the case I mentioned, with the private citizens
of Louisville, who have to pay for their gas every
month, because the city receives the bonus which
arises from its having to pay only once a quarter.
And so it is m every branch of business. It is
true that you may suppose a case in which injus-
tice may be done. You can imagine that an officer
can do wrong; but it is far better to presume in
favor of the sound judgment and discretion of our
public officers.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. To enable
me to say a word upon this subject, I move to
strike out the last word in the amendment, of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
The gentleman from Ohio speaks of discretion
being vested in the Secretary of the Treasury.
There is no discretion vested in the Secretary of
the Treasury. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has entire control over the matter under
this section of the bill.
1 beg leave, also, to call attention to the remaiks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Horton,] this
morning, upon another proposition, in which he
advocated fixing by law the duties that are to be
performed by these officers, and placing as little
discretion in them as can possibly be avoided.
Mr. HORTON. The Commissioneroflnter-
nal Revenue is the instrument of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The gentleman is a lawyer, and I
will not quote the old law maxim.
Mr. Wickliffu's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the substitute by inserting in the thirteenth line
these words:
From the day prescribed by the Commissioner lor their
pa) incut, as afoiesiud.
I believe that the amendment meets with the con-
currence of the Committee of Ways and Means.
It fixes definitely and certainly the day on which
this lien shall attach to property, and will prevent
all difficulty in reference to its transfer.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Is there any necessity for
this provision m regard to a lien ? Could not a
man who performed work or expended money
upon a property have a lien under the common
law without any such statutory provision as this?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Even if I ansvverthe
gentleman's question in the affirmative, as I do,
it has no application to this section.
The amend men t to the amendmen t was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to strikeout
