1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3307
' Mr. HALE, f am in the same condition.
•Mr. WADE. I always listen to reason, and
jf gentlemen tell me I am antagonizing something
and working against my friends, I am the last
man to place myself in that position if I knowit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; I withdraw it for the
present; but I give notice that I shall embrace the
* very first opportunity when this question is out
of the way to renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illinois
to postpone the consideration of the pending bill,
which is Senate bill No. 350, to repeal an act en-
titled 44 An act to prevent and punish fraud on the
part of officers intrusted with'the making of con-
tracts," approved June 2,1862, for the time being.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to have that mo-
tion understood by the Senate. I do not ask that
this bill should have the go-by, but simply to wait
for a Senator who has prepared amendments to
remedy the supposed defects in the existing law.
I think it but reasonable that the Senate should
wait, to give him an opportunity to come in. He
is in the city, but is probably temporarily occu-
pied this morning; perhaps at some Department.
I have heard of him this morning, having made
inquiry about him, and no doubt he will be here.
He may come in at any moment; and I think it
but reasonable that this bill should be laid aside
until he does come in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to passing the bill over informally?
Mr. HALE. There is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it must
be subject to a vote on a motion to postpone itfor
a definite period of time, not a motion to postpone
the measure until an uncertain event.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone it until
one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I think we had better dispose
of the bill while it is before us. It is a very simple
question. We have passed a law at this session
which, as I understand, the Department or some
of the Departments, perhaps more than one, say
is either impracticable in its execution or will
greatly enhance the cost to the Government for
the purposeof carrying it into execution,and they
doubt whether it is not impracticable altogether.
This bill as originally proposed was to repeal that
law. To that we are opposed. The proposition
as it stands at present is simply to postpone the
operation of the law until the first Monday of Jan-
uary next. 1 am inclined to think that that is the
wiser course to take, to suspend the operation of
the law. I am as much disposed to punish fraud
as any man; but we may have passed a law—it
was a novel one—that may not be practicable. 1
think we can in the mean time, holding on to the
law if we merely suspend its operation, frame an
appropriate bill for the purpose of preventing
frauds, before the expiration uf the period of sus-
pension. I think it would be wiser to pass the bill
with the amendment suggested by the Senator
from New Hampshire suspending the operation
of the law until the first Monday of* January next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Delaware if he is aware that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has already been prepar-
ing amendments to remedy these very defects, and
i suppose has them all ready?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Are you
sure of it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He told me so.
Mr. BAYARD. My reply to the honorable
Senator is this: you have hut two days of the ses-
sion left. The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has an amendment, but, that amendment
would not apply to a bill to suspend the operation
of the law. It would apply to a bill to repeal it,
because it restricts it to a certain extent. If the
original bill as reported, the bill to repeal the law
approved on the 2d of June last, to punish frauds
in contracts, was now before us without amend-
ment, the amendment of ilie Senatot from Penn-
sylvania would apply. But supposing he has
other amendments, still those amendments must
meet the judgment of the Senate; they will become
the subject of discussion. You could not take the
opinion of a single member and pass them, with-
outdiscussion,as amendments to that bill so as to
alter its structure without some discussion and
consideration. It is for the very reason that I do
not believe you can amend the law which your
Departments tell you is impracticable within the
period of time the session is to last, that I think
it would be wise to suspend its operation until
January next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I will ask for the yeas and
nays upon that motion. ' I want to see the prece-
dent on the statement of facts I have made to the
Senate, that a bill cannot be postponed only an
hour and a half to allow a Senator who has taken
an interest in a law about to be repealed to come
in and oifer his amendments.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Doolittle, Foot, Har-
ris, Henderson, Kennedy, King, McDougall, Pomeroy,
Powell, Rice, SauKbury, Sherman, Simmons Staik, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilftinson, Willev, Wilmot, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Clark,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, and Wilson of Massachusetts—12.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to,
GllADISS OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses oa House bill No. 280, to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United States Navy,
having met, atter full and free conference have agieed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows, to wit:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
first, second, fourth, and sixth amendments of the Senate
and agree to the same,
Thar the House agree to the seventh amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment, namely, niseit" not
less than" before the word '• three."
That the House recedn from their disagreement to the
ninth, tenth, eleventh., thirteenth.fourtecnih. fi:teenth,six-
teenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth amendments ol the
Senate and agree to the saim;
Thai the House agree to the nineteenth amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment, namely, insert after
11 Navy,'' the words, " now upon the active li>t.-'5
That the House ayree to the twentieth amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment, namely, a ter the
word ''retired," in the ninth line, insert "except for
cause."
That the Hou^e recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third and twenty-fourth amendments of the Senate
and Hgree to tiie same.
That the House agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with tlie following amendment*, namely : j-trike
out, in the thiid line, the worth •* acting midshipmen ;'J in
the fifth line strike out " passed mirismpmen" and insert
ensigns;" in the fourteenth line, after the word exam-
inations," insert "for admission to the t>ame classin the
seventeenth hue strike out all after the woid large," and
also all the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Unhand
inseit the won! '•and;5' in the twentv-s .\th hue strike out
all after the word" service,"and all of the twenty seventh,
twenty-eighth,and twentj-nmtfi lines, down to and includ-
ing the word •• disttict,"* and insert " from and aftei the oth
of March, 1863. the nomination of candidate-- tor admi-sion
into the Naval Academy shall be made between the 5th of
iMaichand the l^t ot July of each \ear. upon the recom-
mendation of the Member or Delegate fioin actual residents
of his district, and they shall be examined for admission m
July: Provided, That when any candidate, who has been
so nominated, shall, upon examination, be found pin tic-ally
or mentally disqualified fo  admission, the Meiubet or Del-
egate from wiio^e district he was so nominated shall he no-
tified to recommend another candidate, who shall be ex-
amined in September following;"1 n  the thirty-fourth line
strike out" August" and insert •• Julyin the. timty-sixth
and thirty-seventh lines strike out "or acting midship-
men."
That the Ilou.'e recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,thirtieth, thirty-nrst, thuty-
second, and thnty-thiid amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Hou^e asree to the thirty-fourth amendment of
the Senate, w ith the following amendments : m line forty-
five, amendment thirty-tour, strike out '• pa^ed midship-
men" and insert •*' ensign m line fifty-one strike out and
acting midshipmen in section —, lines thtec and four,
sttike out the words li act above mentioned," and insert
law."
That the Ilou^e recede from their di-^agieeinent to the
thirty-filth amendment of the Senate, and rcree to the <ame.
That the limine agree to the thnt\-Mxth amendment of J
the Senate with the following amendment. strike out all I
atter the void •' that," and m-eit " tne relative lank be- j
tween officers of the Navy and Army on the toured list j
shall be the same as on the active li-t, and t'ie annual pay i
of ictired naval oflieois shall be a- Inllow admirals. 5-2,000 ; I
commodore-*, £1,800; captains, ^i.GOj ; command -*rs. j
$1,100; lieutenant commanders. $1.3Ui) ; lieutenants, ;
§1,0U0; mastei-*, $t-00 ; ensigns. ,«.">0D ; ami im i at ions shall
l<e allowed t" an\ officer ol the Navy on the rented list.
And the pav of all naval oilieer- appointed bv vittuc of an
act entitled k An aet t<> nio\ide lot the fmpoian mereasc
o: tin Nav\." apji: o'v evl Jul\ x!l. l^fU. -hail he the same as
that of oliieets ot a hke sjrade in the ie;nlat Navy."
That the Senate ieeede from their thud, fifth, eighth,
twelfth, twenty-iim. twenty—ccond, twenty-fifth, and
twentv-nmtb amendments', dis.ujiced to bv the Hou c
JOHN P II \LE,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Al'inrrvcr"- on the put uf (he Senate.
V H SEDGWICK,
JOHN r. POTTER,
Managers on thz pxit House.
Mr. HALE. As the report is pretty long, and
evidently cannot be comprehended by it* mere
reading-, I will state to the Senate that most of the
amendments are verbal, and that the only real dif-
ference between the committees, which took them
some time to arrange, was as to the pay of the re-
tired list; and upon that, instead of taking it as
it was originally, or as it was amended, they have
agreed to a compromise, fixing a gross sum in-
stead of making it indefinite, and counting rations,
&c. I will state that the sum is greatly higher
than I wish it was: but it was the best compro-
mise we could make, and I believe it was not as
high as some of the committee wished. We have
altered the name; we have struck out "passed
midshipmen," and made them "ensigns;" and
we have made "admirals" "rear admirals."
They are mostly verbal amendments.
The report was concurred in.
ADMISSION OP WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WADE. I now renew my motion to take
up the bill for the admission of West Virginia.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I desire to ^sk the Sena-
tor from Ohio to give me about three minutes to
pass a couple of bills that the Secretary of the
Treasury thinks are of importance. They will
not take over three minutes, I think. They are
Senate bills, and it is important to have them acted
on to-day.
Mr. WADE. I do rfotthink this will takeover
half an hour.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That question is an im-
portant one, and undoubtedly it will take every
moment of time from now until the adjournment.
The Senator from Oilio is very much mistaken in
supposing that the bill to admit Western Virginia
into the Union will pass in the course of half an
hour, it is a very important question, and I can-
not conceive that such a bill as that should go
through the Senate in so short a time. I hope the
bill will not be taken up. I think it will result
in postponing some very important measures that
we ought to act upon, and it will consume the
whole time, and then I doubt whether there is
time, if we d° nothing else, to dispose of thisone
bill. I hope that the Senate will not take it up.
We had a few days ago what I supposed was a
test vote on taking it up, and if the Senate does
take it up, I am satisfied it will be in the way of
the transaction of much other business during the
session.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not be bluffed
off by this implied threat of the gentleman that
lie is gomg to talk us out of doors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not going to talk
long.
Mr. WADE. But you very plainly give out
that it will take the whole session to pass this bill.
I do not think anybody else supposes it will take
the whole session to pass the bill. It is a very
important measure, and thei cfore it is argued that
it must have a very important amount of gab over
it. I do not flunk that follows, for I have seen as
much talk over very unimportant measures as I
have over important ones. It is an important
measure, but it is plain, palpable, and evident to
every one. It needs no utgument to illustrate it;
it will receive no particular light from arguments
from any source here, because it is plain to the
comprehension of every Senator, and every Sen-
ator understands it now nswell as his fellowsdo,
and knows whether this measure is reasonable or
unreasonable. I know that there is no measure
which is pressed upon this Congress with so much
earnestness and zeal as tins measure; no one in
which so great a number of people feel such a vital
interest as in this. We arc told it is a very im-
portant measure. It is important. Nobody doubts
that; and nobody doubts its necessity as well.
You cannot postpone it Ions? if you would. There
id no reason why you should wish to do it if you
could. The people of Western Virginia are enti-
tled to what they ask; they have earned Jt by -
their loyalty, by their privations, and by their
penis: and they afe entitled to the good will and
good fellowship of tins Senate, to endeavor to do
for them that which they have fairly earned. I
hone we shall take up the bill, and 1 hope no
friends of the measuio will think n necessary to
make very Ions; arguments on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 certainly hope this measure
will beactedupon,and taken up for that purpose.
