1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347
Mr. FESSENDEN. We struckthatoutabout
the baii bond.
Mr. GRIMES, No, sir. In the sixty-firstline
on page 142, there is this clause:
Bonds of any description not otherwise charged in this
schedule, twenty-five cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not give bond.
Mr. GRIMES. They are compelled to give
bond in my country, and I guess they do in all
the western States; and under this section the man
who takes an appeal in a little trivial case, which
may be of vast importance to him, is obliged to
pay twenty-five cents stamp duty; and yet it is
objected that this would be onerous upon a man
wno has his property insured to the amount of
$10,000. 1 do not think so. I do not suppose
this is going to comeoff of the insurance compa-
nies. I understand these insurance companies
pretty well. I have had something to do with them.
It will come off the insured in every instance un-
less it be where there is a great deaf of rivalry be-
tween two companies, ana there the agent, very
likely, in order to get the profit that will be allowed
to him by his company, will himself pay this tax.
Mr. DIXON. I do not like to dwell upon this
matter, for it may be thought by the Senate that
it is not a very large affair; but, in the aggregate,
it is. The sum raised in the city of New York
by a tax of ten cents, if there are three hundred
thousand policies issued in that city, would be
§30,000 a year. Is not that sufficient? Is not
that a sufficient tax from one single interest in a
single place?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me to
say that the property in the town in which I live
is insured by companies in New York, and they
are among these very three hundred thousand
policies. They issue a policy, and it is signed by
their president and countersigned by their secre-
tary, and sent to their agent in one of the western
States, and he countersigns it, and they are in-
cluded among these three hundred thousand poli-
cies. It does not come off of the city of New
York alone. This $30,000 that is to be received
from these policies is to be distributed, to be paid
by the people of the country. We pay our pro-
portion of it.
Mr. DIXON. To be sure it comes from them;
but here is a single interest, and the tax comes
from that interest. They pay it. They are to pay
§30,000 a year on this stamp duty. The question
for the Senate to consider is, what is a reasonable
tax? It strikes me that amount is sufficient.
TKen, as to what I stated as to the inequality of
the tax, the Senator speaks of a policy of $10,000;
but a policy of §10,000 is rarely issued by any of
our companies. Five thousand dollars is the ex-
tent in almost all the companies. It is an excep-
tion when a policy goes beyond that. A great
many policies are for §100, §200, §300, $400, and
there are a great many §500 policies. You pro-
pose to tax them all alike, precisely as you do
the policies of London and Liverpool companies,
which are very frequently for §50,000. All I want
is for the Senate to do justice in regard to it. I
therefore hope the amendment of the committee
will be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment to theamendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee, whether he does notthink
it necessary to insert the words, " or the renewal
thereof," after the words " each policy of insur-
ance or other interest, by whatever name the same
shall be called." When a policy is once issued,
and the year expires, they do not issue a new
policy, but issue a memorandum, which is some-
times attached to it, which provides for the con-
tinuance or renewal of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That suggested itself to
my mind; but I will ask the Senator whether it is
not covered by the words " policy of insurance
or other instrument, by whatever name the same
shall be called, by which insurance shall be made,"
&c.
Mr. GRIMES. That would apply, I think, to
the original instrument which makes the insur-
ance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the certificate of
renewal.
Mr GRIMES. I should think, after the word
14 description," in tho third line, the words "or
any renewal thereof" would be proper; but I do
not wish to press if.
Mr. HARRIS. Add the words " or renewed"
after the word " made;" so that it will read:
Each policy of insurance or other instrument, by what-
ever name the same shall be called, by which the same shall
be made or renewed, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I will consent to that
amendment, if anybody desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there a motion
to that effect made?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I make the motion.
Tho amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I was out when the Senate passed
the clause relating to the stamp on conveyances.
I was instructed to offer an amendment to that
clause. If it is permissible, I will move to strike
out in the ninety-third line the words " §500, fifty
cents," and in the ninety-fourth line, " when the
consideration exceeds §500, one dollar," and in-
sert:
Exceed $1,000, $1; exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding
$2,500, $2; exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding $5,000,
$10; exceeding$5,000andnotexceedmg$l0,000,$20; ex-
cccding$l0,000and not exeeeding$20.000, $30 ; exceeding
$20,000 and not e\"ceoding$35,0G03$fi0; exceeding $35,000
and not exceeding $50,000, $100; and for every additional
$10,000 or fractional part thereof in excess of $50,000, $20.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to offer an amendment to
the ninety-sixth section on the 133d page—a ver-
bal amendment, which is rendered necessary by
an amendment which we have just now adopted.
In the seventh line of the ninety-sixth section I
move to insert " inland" after " for," and before
" bills of exchange;" and to insert " or promis-
sory notes" after " bills of exchange."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sched-
ule, as follows:
Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for the hire,
use, or lout, of any land, tenement, or portion thereof, if
for a period of time not exceeding three year*, fifiy cents ;
if for a period exceeding fhree ye.irs, one dollar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment is
proposed to this clause.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Manifest of part of the cargo of any vessel, (or custom-
house clearance,) twenty-five cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee on
Finance propose to amend the bill by striking out
this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
Manifest foi custom house entry or clearance or the
cargo of any <-hip, vessel, m steamer, if the icgi-tered ton-
nage of Mich tdnp, ve«el, or steamer does not exceed thiee
hundred tons, one dollar; exceeding three hundred ton^,
and not exceeding si\ hundred tons, three dollais; exceed-
ing six hundred tons, five dollars. (
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "steamer," where it first
occurs, the words "for a foreign port."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The printed bill
has a bracket at the end of this clause, as if a por-
tion of it were to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mistake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next clause
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Mortgage of lands, estates, or property, real or personal,
heritable or movable, whatsoever, where the same shall be
made as a security for the payment of any definite and cer-
tain sum of nmnev lenr at the time or previously due and
owing or forborne to be paid, being payable; also, any con-
veyance of any lauds, estate, or piopeity whatsoever, in
trust to be sold or otherwi-e convened into money, which
shall be intended onlv as security, and shall be redeemable
before the sale or other disposal thereof, either by express
stipulation or otherwise; or any personal bond given as
security foi the pavmentof any definite or certain sum of
money exceeding $100 and not exceeding$500, fittycents;
exceeding $500, one dollar.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed to offer an amend-
ment to that clause by inserting, after the word
" dollars:"
And not cxcecding$l.000, $1; exceeding$1,000 and not
exceeding $2,500, $2 ; exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding
$5,000, .«:5f exceeding $5,000 and not exceeding $10,000,
$10; exceeding $10,000 and not exceeding $00,000, $1j;
exceeding $20,000 anj not exceeding $35,000, $30; exceed-
ing $35,000 and not exceeding $50,000, $50 ; and tor every
additional $10,000, or fractional part thereof, m excess ot
$50,000, $10.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next two lines
the committee propose to strike out. The Secre-
tary will read them.
The Secretary read:
Passage ticket by any vessel from a port in the United
States to a foreign port, if Jess tiian thirty dollars, fifty cents*
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next should be
stricken out also:
Exceeding thirty dollars, one dollar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is notso marked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose all that is to
be struck out is, " if less than thirty dollars, fifty
cents."
Mr. HOWE. "Passage ticket" should be
left in.
Mr. CLARK, All after "port" should be
struck out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so mod-
ified.
The amendment was agreed to.
As amended, the clause is left in this shape:
Passage ticket by any vessel from a port of the United
States to a foreign port, exceeding thirty dollars, one dollar.
The Secretary read the two following items:
Power of attorney for tho sale or transfer of any stock,
bonds, or scrip, or for the collection of any dividends or
interest thereon, twenty-five cents.
Power of attorney or proxy for voting at any election for
officers of any incorporated company or society, twenty-
five cents
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed to
amend the item last read by inserting after the
word "society " the words "except religious,
charitable, or literary societies, or public cemete-
ries."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following items:
Power of attorney to receive or collect rent, twenty-five
cents.
Power of attorney to sell and convey real estate, or to
rent or lea^e the same, or to perform any and all other act?
not hereinbefore specified, one dollar.
Probate of will, or letters of administration, where the
estate and effects for or in respect of which such probate or
letters of administration applied for shall be sworn or de-
clared not to exceed the value of $2,500, 50 cents; to ex-
ceed $2,500 and not exceeding $5,000, $1; to exceed $5,000
and not exceeding $20,000, $2; to exceed $20,000 and not
exceeding $50,000, $5; to exceed $50,000 and not exceed-
ing $J00,(Mi0, $10; exceeding $100,000, $20
Protest.—Ppon the protest ol every note, hill of exchange,
acceptance, check or draft, or an}- marine protest, whether
protested by a notary public or by any other officer who may
be authorized by the law of any Ht.ite or States to make
«.uch protest, twenty-five cents.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am requested to offer, and
therefore I call the attention of the committee to
a proposed amendment, which it is thought will
be of advantage to this section, m order to make
it certain who is to pay the stamp duty on a pro-
test. There will be an immense number of pro-
tests, as we know, and it is, perhaps, proper that
it should be designated who is to pay the fees of
protest; and I would propose to amend by insert-
ing the words, " to be paid by the notary or other
officer performing that service." The stamp duty
proposed to be levied on protests is different from
that upon ordinary instruments, because they are
between the parties, and it can be arranged between
them. For instance, on a note or a power of at-
torney there are parties to it, and it can be agreed
between those who shall pay the stamp duty; but
here the protest of a note is by a third party, and
it is uncertain whether it shall be paid by the no-
tary, by the bank*, or by the private individual.
It is thought by some persons, notaries and others,
that this should be fixed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that; and if
the Senator will look at it, I think he will not
persist in his amendment, A protest is made by
a bank through its officer. If he chooses to pro-
test a note, or the bank chooses to protest a note,
in order to make that protest good it must have
a stamp upon it. You cannot oblige the person
whose note is protested to pay for the stamp; and
therefore the amendment is entirely unnecessary,
because it will be done by an anangement between
the bank or whoever is the creditor or the notary
making the protest. There is no possibility of
putting it on the debtor or on the person whose
note is protested, it being an act to which he is
not a party. Therefore it is entirely unnecessary.
The Senate will notice, with legard to all these
instruments which it is provided shall be stamped,
that they are of no validity unless the stamp is
put on, and therefore the individual who wants his
business properly done must see that the stamp
