1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2349
tate. or any portion thereof, so sold under such judgment or
decree, executed by the officer lawfully chaiged with car-
iyin<? the same into effect, shall vestin the purchasei thereof
ail the title of the delinquent to the property or personal
estate sold under and by virtue of such judgment 01 decree,
and shall leb-ase eveiy other portion of such ptopeity or
ppisonal estate fiom the hea or charge theieon created by
this act. And every person or persons who shall have m
Jus possession, chaige, or custody any iccord, file, or paper
contamingor supposed tocontain any information concern-
ing such ptopeity oi peit-onal e-aate, as atotusaid, passing
from any peison who may die, as aforesaid, shall exhibit
the same at the request of the collector of the revenue, his
deputy or ajrent, and to any law officer of the United States,
in the perfoimanco of his duty under thin act, Ins deputy
or agent, who may desire to examine the same; and if
any such person having in his possession, chaige, or cus-
tody, any such lecoids, files,or papers,shall icfuao oi neg-
lect to exhibit the same on lequest, as atmes-nd, he shall
forfeit and pay the sum of &>00; and in case of any delin-
quency in making the schedule, list, or statement, or m the
payment oftlu* duty or tax accruing, or winch should acciue
thereon, the assessment and collection shall be made as pro-
vided for in the geneial piovisions of this act: Provided,
In all legal controveislcs where Mich deed or title shall be
the subject of judicial investigation, the recital in said deed^
shall be presumed to be tiue, and that the requirements of
the law had been complied with by the oliiceis of the Gov-
ernment.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. The committee pro-
pose, in the Lint d line of this section, to stiike out,
after " person," the words " who may-die," and
insert " deceased."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thecommittee far-
ther propose to amend the section by adding to it—
j&nd provided fait her, That no administiator, executor,
or tiustee, who by lus default or laches shall cause the
trust propel ty under his chaige to pay increased taxes, with
expenses and co-its under this section, shall be allowed to
chaige or to receive cieriit for the same in settling his ac-
counts with those beneficiaries inteiested in the trust piop-
eity aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the remaining sections of
the bill) to winch no amendment was proposed,
as follows:
Sec. 109. And be it further enacted, That whenever, by
this act, any hcen-sc, duty, oi tax of any dc^cnption has
been imposed on anyeoipoiatebody,or ptopeity of anym-
cotpoiated company, it shall be iawiul lor the Commis-
sioner of internal ltevcnue to prescube and deteimme m
what dt-tuct ^ueh tax shall he as-e^ed and collected, and
to what officer theieof the official notices required m that
behalf shall be given, and of whom payment ot such tax
shall be demanded.
dppropi i at ion.
Sec. 110. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the pay of the
assessois, assistant a>ses.M>is, collectors, and deputy col-
lector, shall be paid oik ot the acci umg hi lei rial duties oi
taxes befotc the ->ami' is paid into the Trea-niy, according
to such legislations as the Commissioner ol Inteitial Rev-
enue, undei the dneetion of the Sectetaiyof the Ttea-uiy,
shall piescnbc; and toi the puiposeof pacing the Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue and clerks, pioeunng dies,
stamps, adhesive stamps, paper, punting loim-, and regu-
lations, adveitisnis, and any other expanses of cairymg
this act into effect, the -urn of $5d0,0au be, and hereby is,
appropriated, oi so much thereof as may be neee&saty.
Allowance and Drawback.
Sec. 111. Jlnd he it farther enactcd, That fiom and after
the date on which this act takes effect there ^hall be an
allowance or dtawluek on all articles on whi^h any inter-
nal duty ot tax -hall lue'e been paid, equal in amount to
the duty oi tax paid theieon, and no mote, when expotted,
the evidence that any such duty or t.ix has been paid to be
furnished to the satisfaction ol the Commibsumei of Inter-
nal ltevcnue by such peinort oi petsous as shall claim the
allowance oi drawback, and the amount to be a-certaiued
undei such regulations as shall, (som time to tune, be pre-
scribed by the Cotmni-noiier of internal Revenue, under
the direction of the Secrotaiy of the Tre.isui y, and the same
shall he paid by the wan am of the Secretaiy ot the Tieas-
uiy on the Tiea-mrer of the United Stato-.out of any motley
ansins «rom internal duties not otherwise appiopuated:
jProvided, That no allowance or drawback shall he made
or had for any amount claimed oi dueless than twenty dol-
lar, anything in this act to the contiaiy notu ithstanding.
Sec. 112. And be it Jurthci enacted, That if any peison
or persons shall fiandiiletitly claim or seek to obtain an al-
lowance or drawbaeK on goods, wares, or meiehandise, on
which no internal dutv shall have been paid, or '•hall liaud-
iileritly claim any sneaVr allowance oi drawback than the
duty actually paid, as atoiesaul, such per.-on ot peison*
shall torieit tuple the amount wi'ongsully or fraudulently
claimed or fought to be obtained, or the sum of .<500, at the
election ot the tiecr^taiv of tne Tiea^uiy. to be iccoveted
as in other cases of toifoiture piovidod for m the geneial
provisions of tins act.
Sec. 113. jind he it fmther enacted, That the sum of
$60,0U0, appropriated to complete the eapitol in New Mex-
ico, by tin* --eeoiul section of an act of Confess app>owd
June 25, 1SG0, and the sumof $.>C',000.ap[)iopnated lormil-
Itary loads in New Mexico, bv act of Congress appioved
Mai eh 2, iSGl, be. and the same uio hereby, ei edited to the
Tenitoty of New .Mexico m pavment of the dneer annual
tax ot $o2,H1S levied upon said Ternton undei the eighth
section ot an act of('oiigte-s approved Au<ru-t o, 1^61, to
be taken up on account ot s nd dncct tax under said act as
the same may fall due to the United States from said Tei-
ritoiy.
The Secretary read the following additional sec-
tion to the bill, proposed as an amendment by the
Committee on Finance:
Sec 117. Jlnd be itfuither enacted, That so much of an
act entitled "An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
pm pose*," approved August 5,1 £61,as imposes udirecttax
of .^'20,000,000 on the United States, shall only be held to
authorize the levy and collection ot one tax to that amount.
Mr. HARRIS. I see that this section is an
amendment proposed by the committee of the Sen-
ate; I had not discovered it before. I do not know
but that it is best to repeal that law providing for
a general tax; but I think it had better be consid-
ered a little first. As we have gone over this bill,
I have watched its provisions with as much atten-
tion as I could bring to bear, and the general im-
pression that it has made on my mind is that it is
a severe tax upon commerce, upon manufactures;
that it is destined—I will i)Ot say intended—to fall
very heavily upon our commercial towns. If I
were to venture a conjecture, I should say that
one fifth of this tax would be paid by the city of
New York. This matter of stamp duties is going
to operate with very great severity on our large
cities, especially New York. The only thing that
will equalize the taxation at all will he this gen-
eral direct tax. As this bill stands, the western
part of the country is almost to escape. 1 do not
complain of this. The eastern portion of the coun-
try, I admit, is better able to pay taxes than the
West; but there is such a thing as pushing this
matter too far,and I am not sure that the framers
of this bill have not done that.
There is another reason why I doubt the pro-
priety of repealing this general tax; it is this: we
are aware that this tax is to fall on the northern
loyal States. More than one third of the States
escape altogether, if we succeed in restoring
southern States to the Union, as perhaps no man
doubts that we shall ultimately, those Slates will
have to pay their share of the $20,000,000 direct
tax levied last summer. It is a charge against
those States, and the time will come when they
can be made to pay it. Now, by repealing the
direct tax law, we exonerate those States alto-
gether from contribution, through the instrument-
ality of taxation, towards the payment of this
debt. I do not like it. It does not strike my
mind at all favorably. It seems to me that we had
better let this stand. It seems to me that this
small amount of $20,000,000had better be charged
in the constitutional mode upon the people of this
nation; and while we, in this indirect mode, tax
others and make an unequal tax, tax commerce
heavily, tax our eastern cities enormously, tax our
manufactui ing establishments to the utmost that
they can hear—while we do this, let the farming
interest pay something; let the South be charged
with something. It seems to me fairer, and more
equitable and just. I lepeat 1 have seen all through
this bill, what X will not say I regret, but what
will be the subject of great complaint, that these
taxes are to fall very heavily, I think too heavily,
on our eastern cities and manufacturers. Look
at some of the amendments that have been adopted
here this morning. An amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, in relation to the conveyance and
incumbrance of real estate, is going to be oppres-
sive, and I think the Senate will do well to look
at that a«;ain before they impose upon the trans-
fer of real estate and the incumbrance of real estate,
of which there is so much done in our large towns,
such an enormous duty. I think the subject had
better be reconsidered.
Mr. DIXON. "What does it amount to ?
Mr. HARRIS. In some instances from fifty to
one hundred dollars, I should think. I merely
heard it rend from fhe desk.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. One hundred dollars is
the highest stamp duty, where the value is
§100,000.
Mr. HARRIS. That is an enormous tax on
the transfer of real estate. I think it is too large.
Then again—it is a little thing to be suie, but I can
tell Senatois it is going to operate very seveiely—
there is a tax provided here of half a dollar upon
every lea.se. If Senators knew as much about this
thing as I do, they would see how many poor peo-
ple would he exceedingly distressed by the pay-
ment of this tax. How many people are therein
the city of New Yoik that hire a little tenement
by the month, and by the hardest industry, per-
haps by charity, are able to pay their rent!
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not take written
leases.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course they take written
leases. There will be hundreds, thousands, and
tens of thousands of these little leases that this
will operate on. I am not disposed to complain
of these things. I suggest them to Senators to
think of. I am in favor of a liberal system of
taxation. I am in favor of raising as much money
as is needed, no more, for thepurposes of the Gov-
ernment, by this system of duties.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to ask the Senator
whether these leases are given for one month's
time ?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly; they are by the
month.
Mr. DIXON. Twelve leases a year ?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes; and in nine cases out of
ten they are in a printed form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they will abandon
them.
Mr. HARRIS. In a great majority of cases
they are not only written or printed, but the ten-
ants are obliged to give security. Go to one of
the agents for leasing tenements in the city of New
York, and you will find his blank leases there by
the cord, and with an agreement atthe foot for se-
curity, and he will lot a tenement or room for two
or three dollars a month, or five dollars a month.
This is going to operate very oppressively on that
class of people. I do not know but that it is neces-
sary, but I tell you it is pushing the thing pretty
hard. I have felt a little distressed about it as I
have been looking over the provisions of this bill.
My belief is that New York will be obliged to pay
one fifth part of this tax.
Now, sir, let me say another thing. It is said
it is able to pay it. Is that so ? What part of the
community has suffered least by the operation of
this war? Is it not the farming interest? The
formers are getting rich; they are getting large
prices for their produce. On the contrary, how
is it in the city of New York? Millions upon mil-
lions have been lost by the traders by their south-
ern trade. The very best men in New York by
hundreds, nay, by thousands, have been crushed
and overthrown by the operation of this war.
There is no part of the country that has suffered
so much as our large cities by this war. I admit
that it is easy to collect money there, much easier
than in the country. I repeat, I do not protest
against taxation, but there should be a limit in this
matter, and I think we are carrying the thing too
far.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it is quite
fair to allege that this entire tax will be paid by
the city of New York and the other great eastern
eitics. They are built up by the commerce of the
West. What they will pay under this bill will
be merely tribute paid in advance, to be repaid by
this very commerce. How has it been for the last
thirty years? The city of New York upon the
Senator's reasoning has paid, I believe, about three
fifths of all the taxes which have been paid into
yourTreasury. Would the Senator say that that
immense proportion of the revenue of your coun-
try came from the city of New York ? It was ad-
vanced by the citizens of New York, but it was
distributed by commerce all over the United States,
and equally distributed. Just so it will be in this
case. Where would your cities be were it not for
the commerce originating in the farming interest?
Why, sir, your cities would never have existed.
Then, sir, with legard to these small letting??, I
have a little experience in that way, and my ex-
perience is that in those cases the rent is invaria-
bly paid monthly in advance,and rarely is a lease
ever given and taken. Low-priced tenements are
held at will, the proprietor reserving to himself
the power to expel the tenant the moment the rent
ceases to be paid according to agreement. I do
not think that the hardship there would be veiy
gieat. . .
Then, sir, as to this transfer of real estate, it is
well known that our northwestern people are a
moving people. I think I am not mistaken in say-
in^ that the transfers and mortgages and charges
upon real estate are more numeruus among us than
in the cities of the East or the older States. Our
people have more of a roving character. I should
be very glad to see that tax stweken oif, but I do
not concur m the Senator's argument, that it is a
very unequal burden. If theie is any inequality
in it, my opinion is that the heavier burden falls
upon the Northwest.
I hope that the amendment will be concurred
