1862.
3360
of that kind; but I trust that it may be his pleas-
ure, upon reflection, to withdraw the proposition
altogether, and let us give him a State in aue time
of trie character which he desires, and which he
admires. Judging: from his expression, the pur-
pose is not seriously entertained to pass the bill
as reported by the committee, and I shall not de-
tain the Senate by further argumentation on that
matter. I submitted my views the other day,
showing that there was an absolute incompatibil-
ity between the interests, the commercial relations,
the social feelings, the habits, the wishes of the
people in the valley counties proposed to be in-
cluded, arul the people within the limits of the
proposed State, as provided in their constitution.
It is said from very high authority, that whom
God hath joined together let not man put asunder.
The reverse of the maxim is true, whom God hath
put asunder let no man attempt to put together.
There is no identity of interest, there is nonomo-
geneousness between the people of the valley and
the people west of the Alleghany mountains, and
we are to-day verifying that remarkable predic-
tion of Mr. Webster, that whenever there was an
attempt to withdraw Virginia from the Union, it
would bo seen that the inhabitants living upon the
waters in that State which flow into the valley of
the Mississippi would inevitably go with the peo-
ple of that valley. As well, stud he, might you
expect to see the current of the Ohio and the vast
rivers of that valley reversing their course, as to
expect that Western Virginia should go into any
southern organization.
1 hope, sip, that the Senate will reject the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, and take the half-
way proposition which we have made to it, and
let us know whether, in that form, we can be ad-
mitted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to answer the
Senator from Virginia, hy a reference to a little
of our experience or history. In Fobruai y, 185G,
the people of Kansas adopted a constitution in
which wo freed the slaves of Kansas on the 4th
of July subsequently. The attempt stated by the
Senator from Virginia was made hy a portion of
the slaveholders of Kansas, to spit if their slaves
out of the State, but tin- slaves themselves stopped
that business. They said to their masters, 44 we
aie to bo lived on the 4th day of July, and you
shall not take us fiom the borders of* Kansas."
They lemamed theie and woie freed there by the
operation of theTopeku constitution and the law
subsequently passed. I suppose the slaves of
Vnginia have as much sense as the slaves of Kan-
sas had in 185G. Even if public sentiment would
justify such an outrage—and I say it with all re-
spect to the Senator from Virginia—the community
that would permit such an outrage is not yet pre-
pared foi freedom. The slaves of Kansas said to
i h e sla \ eh oldei s > "you shall not lake us out of
Kuun;is, " and they stopped K at the threshold,
as I believe will be done in Virginia -I hope the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
will be adopted. I am as anxious for the recep-
tion of Vnginia as a free State into the Union as
either of the Senators from that Slate.
Mr. CAltLlLK. Mr. President, lam opposed
to all these conditions, and would prefer the ad-
mission of West Virginia under the constitution
as it has been piesented to Congress; but if it
shall hr found to In' the opinion of the Senate that
condition1* must be annexed, that we cannot be
admitted at once under the action of the people
within the proposed boumlai y so far as it has been
had, I then desn e to ascertain as far as 1 can what
will be retimed by the Senate for our admission,
in ordei that our people, if willing to accept your
tei ms, may come here with that which will be ac-
ceptable to Collin at its next session. And,
sn , since this subject was first suggested, we had
it before our committee, of inserting some such
provision as that proposed by the ayiendment of
the Senator fiotn Ohio, I have icfleeted upon it,
and urn satisfn d that if the slaves that an- to be
born after the 4th of July, 1863, are to be freed,
it is to the interest of the white people of W( st-
ern Vnginia thai some such amendment as that,
of the Senator (torn Ohio shall be adopted. Othei-
wise v. e should present the anomalous condition
of a State exi sling, for the lifetimes of all that ai e
now in being, neither ftee nnr slaw. If it he an
advantage that the State shall be made a free State,
then 1 hold that those who are now in existence
are entitled to tiio enjoyment of the benefit of that
ftdVantage as much as those who are to come after
them, it would be a strange thing indeed, if a
child born on the 3d day of July, 1863, should be
a slave for life, while one born the next day was
free from the instant he appeared in the world. I
do not concur with my colleague in the opinion
that the cupidity of those who own slaves within
the boundary proposed, no matter whether resid-
ing remote or near the line between the two States,
will be such as to induce any considerable num-
ber of those persons to transport beyond the lim-
its of the proposed boundary their slaves, and
pocket their value.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate any longeron this subject; but it does seem to
me that this State of West Virginia is essentially
a free State. It is because it is a free State, and
is forever to be a free State, that you are here now
askinga separation. Why, then, should we stand
higgling over the question whether there shall not
be a few in this anomalous condition of slavery
extending indefinitely into the future? I do not
believe the spectacle would be gratifying to the
people there, who have nobly emancipated them-
selves from that condition. 1 believe, with the
Senator from Virginia who has just spoken, that
in this there would be a strange and harsh anom-
aly, one inexplicable, one that no man who has
had anything to do with this bill could justify to
himself or to his constituents, when challenged
on the subject. Suppose (he question was put,
" when you provided for the freedom of all born
after a certain period, why did you not make the
same provision for that great number of persons
who happened to he in esse a little before that pe-
riod ? Was there any great reason why all bom
after a particular day should be bee,and all those
born the year before, or the month before, or the
week befoie, should be slaves?" It stiikesnie
that that would not be satisfaetoi y to any body. It
is not in hannony with the reasoning of the hu-
man mind; it would not sub-jervc the purposes of
common justice. And let me say to the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. \Nr!i.i.i;y,} you aie to be a
free State; you aie to be numbered with the free
States; you have seen fit to put youi fate with the
fiee Stales; you have tisked to join us, and to
abide with us in all time to come; you will be a
free State, and you w ill not wish to leave any
maiks of" yout foimcr servitude any longer than
you can help. Having made up your munis most
nobly, as you have, and conic forward and asked
admission on these great free pi uiciple-;, for I lea-
ven's sake do not stickle over this. Their must
he a little compromise here. There is no ques-
tion that touches the feelings of mankind, like that
involved even m this case, that does not leipure
some compromise. We ha\e gone to thexeiy
veige of noithctn feeling in ord< r to admit you,
because we Know you aie all i ighI at heat t, and
by die time your constitution is in opeiation you
will bo ghul that we recommended to you the
amendment 1 have pmposed. 1 hope it will be
adopted, and not grudgingly, by the oth<m side.
The PRKS) DKNT }>ro (vmpvic. The question
is on the amendment ot the Senator fi om Ohio to
the amendment of the Senator fiom Yiiginia
The a mend men! to t he amend nn nt was agreed to.
M i. C A 11L I Li''. 1 pi opose to amend t In amend-
ment of my colleague, by in mm fin^ after the woi d
"shallin I he sixteenth hue, the u ohN, "after
the said ordinance shall be submittid to a vote of
the people in said Stat e of West Vtt gin la, and be
latitied by the vote of the uuijonty of the people
thei eof."
Mr. WILTiKY. Tins amendment of my col-
league seems to me a mm v exti aoi dinm y one. A
\ote of the majoiiiy of the people is a mmv ck-
traoi dinai y sort of \ ote. It Mim usual, I bel u-n  •,
when you submit a thing, that a majoiity of the
people shall be t ripiu ed , men . wonu n, and chi 1-
dien, and negioes themst Ives, for 1 suppose they
aie called people Hut 1 ohj< et to it on otlur
grounds, anil I will state the monnds of the ob-
jection. The people ot N oi t h\\ eslein Vnginia
have been v-'iy ninth haiassed. Tin y hau had
di(lit uhie.s ot a (h\ tuse cliaracoM- m this n\u^an-
ization of the State. A g, u at man v elections have
been held. In appointing the convi tillon \\ inch
ordained this eousn:uUoii, and m rca^si nddirg
the Legislatuiu to gi\e then asstiit to n, ihev
have incuired a gieat deal of expense and a great
deal of delay, and they aie not in a condition to
incur much more, unless it be absolutely neces-
sary. The operation of the amendment of my
colleague would be to have not only a new con-
vention, assenting to this fundamental proposi-
tion, but sending it back to the people, imposing
on the people the very considerable costas well as
the trouble of a new election. To avoid that, and
to provide for any incident which might arise in
the prosecution of their object, the convention
which ordained the constitution now before Con-
gress, wisely, as I think—and especially does i*
appear to be wise in the light of the amendment
of my colleague—refused to dissolve the con-
vention, but by express stipulation ir> a schedule
adopted by them, appointed certain commission-
ers who were authorized to reassemble the con-
vention upon any occasion necessary; and by
looking to the second section of the schedule ao-
nexed to the constitution,as printed and laid be-
fore the Senate, the Senate will see who the com-
missioners are who have been appointed, and on
turning to the eleventh section of the schedule it
Nvill appear " that the commissioners hereby ap-
pointed shall have power, if it become necessary,
to reconvene the members of this convention on
such day as they may prescribe," so that the con-
vention is still in existence, still a legal body,and
it has provided for its own reassembling.
In a matter like this, and especially after the
voluntaiy expression of the people at the polls iu
regaid to the subject involved in this amendment
at theelection when they adopted thisconstitution,
it does seem to me there is no necessity for send-
ing this question back to them; but let the peoplo
of West Viigmia, in convention assembled, to be
reconvened under the authority and power re-
served m the schedule annexed to the constitution,
say whether they will assent to this proposition
or not, as I dunk thev have a perfect right to dor
without going tlnough all these foi malitios again,
without imposing upon our people thb trouble and
expense that it necessai ilv would impose upon
them, and at comphsh as satisfactorily, I am sure,
the object designed by us all, as if there is another
election held. The people do not want to be
troubled with it in my humble estimation, and
there is no necessity for doing it. The pioposi-
t ion, as I have pi evented it, is almost a literal copy
of the celebiated Missouri resolution. The ques-
tion of the adoption by the peoplo of the .State of
Missouii of the condition prescribed by Congress
was not submitted to the people even in conven-
tion assembled, but to the Legislature; and if the
Legislature consented they weie thereupon to be
admitted into the Union without any fuither pro-
ceedings whatever. I follow this precedent, and
1 ;>o a little fuither, as we have ii m our power
to do, by submitting it not to the Legislature of
the new Slate, but to the people themselves in con-
vent ion to be as^embh d under t he au l hoi u y Nvhich
I have mentioned. I hope my colleague Will with-
draw Ins pi oposit um.
Mr. carl1lk. Mr. Piesident, I did not de-
tain the Senate by any e\ plana tot v i emai ks upon
the amendment, because I supposed the propriety
of it Nvouid not be (pit stioued. 1 use the woid
" people" as s y 11 o; i \ nious n\ uh '' nuIims," It is
so 11,-ad, 1 believe, in other poitions of this bill;
hot I will, witli the consent of t he Senate, mollify
mv amendment by adding, aftei the wotd " peo-
ple," the wot ds which iheSecietai v has now taken
down, 11 entit[eil to e\ei cim> tlie nght of suffrage
undei the lav. s of the Stale of V ngiiiia," which will
settle at once what 1 suppose would have been
settled anyhow.
The PK KSi DKNT pro (impure. The Senator
tau mod11\* his ani-'inlim nt at his own pleasur e.
mi. caulill:. i b inc so inodtfn d n ; and
iiou , at this stage, it is bethn foi m,. to make the
icm.uks I intended to make upon submitting a
tut thei aim ml nit mi t, v, hieh i concei \ e it m y dut y
to do 1! II (h r t he I et j U''s t of th" Leg! slat ill f { hi oUgh
whose action this nn moi; d i eached tins body.
My col It ague ^ay s that the pi o\ imoii which is
contained nt his amend on nt is a i op y of the action
of Congn ss to 11 gard t>  Mi^mi iTin re is this
important d ill'ere nee, M r. Pu-suhmt; and 1 v. di
show, I think, i)et*i 111■ I a in doth , w iiei ei n jt is im-
p 11 s a ii t. The lesohuion v. nh p g i> d to Mi--sou ti
nude U tin dut y of tlie ii: L- u is' 11 ui e t hat -hould
ass.-mhle in Missouri to aci< p! this fundamental
condition, winch was.iha' the Legisianiie never
would pass any law exi hidu<g fiom the State of
Missom l citizens of oihei S-ates. ^iy c olleague's
proposition docs not siumm thisi question to the
