368
TEE'-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
and general recollections which arc of less value
than the returns themselves which they signed;
and it seems to me that, when the contestant in-
troduces proof to falsify the division returns, it is
no answer to show the returns here, or to pro-
duce the men who made them to say that the re-
turns are true. There could not be a case in
which they would not say the returns were true,
or it is hardly possible to suppose such a case.
When these election officers were called upon
to testify, they went somewhat into the manner
in which they counted the votes; and I say that
there is nothing in the manner in which they say
they conducted the election that commands any
high degree of confidence from this House. In
the first place, one of these election officers, as
you will see by the printed testimony, admitted
that he had been tried and convicted arid sentenced
for deliberately violating the election law in 1856;
and in the next place, we find, from the evidence
before us, that some of the returns, or one of them
at least, was not even signed by the judge of elec-
tion, as the law required it to be signed. This
was the case with the return in the eleventh divis-
ion of the second ward, and if that return had
been rejected on account of that informality it
would hefve made a difference in favor of the con-
testant of 179 votes, and would have elected him.
Again: from the testimony of these election offi-
cers we find that they violated theexplicitand pos-
itive requirements of the statute of Pennsylvania
as to the mode of conducting the count. The law
of Pennsylvania, which you will find in Purdon's
Digest, section fifty-three, page 287, requires the
votes to be taken from the ballot-boxes one at a
timet and that each name upon each ticket shall
be read, one at a time, and when read the clerk
must enter the names, one at a time, on the tally.
You will find from the printed testimony that in
no one case did these judges obey that law. The
manner in which they conducted the count was
this: when the polls were closed, they took off
the lids of the ballot-boxes and emptied the bal-
lots all out upon the table atonce; they then sorted
them into lots, meaning, I suppose, to get the party
tickets together; they"then counted them up into
7 bundles of ten, and not a tally was made by any
judge, inspector, or clerk, except in tens. I say
that under such circumstances it is not unreason-
able to suppose that some mistakes in counting
occurred. .
But the sitting member claims that the contest-
ant must be held to all that strictness of proof that
would be required in a criminal case; that would
be required if, instead of its being a hearing be-
tween two persons before this House as to their
respective claims to a seat upon this floor, it was
to be considered in the light of a criminal indict-
ment against these election officers; and that the
sitting member here should be allowed to avail
himself of all the presumption of law as laid down
in criminal cases, and that he can avail himself of
every legal snag and quibble and suggestion which
may be made to a jury in the trial of a criminal
case. I claim tITat* that is not the rule that is to
govern the action of this House. We need only
to inquire who has a clear preponderance of the
testimony. But according to the claim made by
the sitting member, no matter if the testimony for
the contestant greatly preponderates over that for
the sitting member; no matter though every re-
turn which was made by these election officers
deprived the contestant of votes to which he was
clearly entitled; no.matter liow untrue the returns
really were, you must search the hearts of these
election officers, and you must show from the in-
most recesses of their hearts that they had a crim-
inal and fraudulent purpose. That is the claim
on the part of the sitting member; but I take it
this House will not sanction "such a claim. It is
true that the specification of the contestant sets
forth thattheseclection officers " falsely and fraud-
ulently" made false returns, and counted votes for
Lehman that ought to have been counted for But-
ler; but it is evident that those qualifying words
" falsely and fraudulently" are mere surplusage;
they cannot touch the gist of the matter, because
the intent of the election officers would not affect
the right of either of these parties to a seat. The
real gist of the inquiry is whether votes were
counted and allowed for Lehman that ought to
have been counted and allowed for Butler. If we
have shown the'latter, then we are entitled to the
benefit of it.
In some instances it is probable, I think, that
these election officers made a mistake, and were
not guilty of intentional fraud, as in the eighth
division of the seventh ward, which I will men-
tion by way of illustration. You will see that
that division on a recount of the votes gave the
sitting member just ten votes less, and to the con-
testant just ten votes more than the division re-
turns. Now, in this case the mistake was un-
doubtedly made in the tally. It seems that they
did not tally until they had counted ten, and in
this case they probably placed the tally mark in
the wrong column.
In another division the election officers undoubt-
edly overlooked the name of "Butler, for Con-
gress," on the regular Democratic ticket, as it is
proved that there weie ballots cast containing the
names of all the Democratic candidates, except
that for member of Congress, the name of Butler
was inserted for that of Lehman. We find, too,
that in one of the divisions of the seventh ward,
on opening some of these bundles of ten votes
they were found to contain eight or nine for Leh-
man and one or two for Butler, showing that these
latter votes were counted for Lehman, while they
should have been counted for Butler.
Mr. Speaker, I will say, in conclusion, that I
have no earthly desire in this matter other than
that simple justice should be done between these
parties. They were both strangers to me when
the hearing commenced before the committee. As
one of the members of the committee, I endeav-
ored to give a patient hearing of the case, with
the sincere intent to get at the truth. And I have
been fully satisfied from this hearing that the con-
testant was fairly elected by the honest ballots of
the people, and that he is justly entitled to a seat
in this House in place of Mr. Lehman, the sit-
ting member.
Mr. WORCESTER. Mr. Speaker, this is a
case of very considerable importance to the par-
ties in the immediate interest; and it also seems
to me to involve principles that are important to
be properly settled by this House. It is one that
is new in the histoiy of election contests.
The contestantbefore theHouse foraseatseeks
to obtain that seat by appealing from the returns
that had been originally made by the returning
officers of election in the district he seeks to rep-
resent to the ballot-boxes themselves,claiming the
right to a recount of the votes contained in those
boxes three months after the election was held.
He has undertaken to have these ballot-boxes
opened without any order of this House, or of a
committee of this House, without any order or
permission of the legal authorities of Pennsylva-
nia, in which State this election took place. The
laws of Pennsylvania, as I understand them, pro-
vide that these boxes, after they shall have served
their purpose on the day of election, shall be sealed
up in a certain manner, and after the ballots have
been deposited in them, and the boxes sealed as
provided, they should be left with the magistrate
nearest the place of election. They are to be there
kept in the custody of the law, and in the keeping
of the magistrate, to answer the call of any person
or tribunal that may be authorized to try the mer-
its of the election.
These boxes were produced and opened on the
demand of the contestant, under the auspices of
the magistrate who was employed to take the tes-
timony in the case. There was no order of any
tribunal, or of any person authorized to try the
merits of this election.
This is a contest for the seat in this House from
the first congressional district of the State of Penn-
sylvania. That district, as appears from the tes-
timony in the case, is composed of the first, sec-
ond, third, fourth, and a portion of the fifth and
of the seventh, wards of the city of Philadelphia.
These wards are subdivided, for the puposes of
election, into fifty-one districts ordivisions. Foi
each of these subdivisions is an election judge,
two inspectors, and two clerks. The duties these
officers are severally to perform arc prescribed
by the lawsof Pennsylvania. The clerks, as the
ballots are received from the voters, are required
to take down their names as the ballots are de-
posited. Their names are written and numbered
upon two separate lists. These lists are official
papers, and are taken and preserved as sdch. Af-
ter the election has closed, the ballot-boxes are
opened, and all these several offieeis are to per-
form their several parts in counting these votes.
The clerks are to keep certain documents called
tally lists. The judges and inspectors count the
votes, and when the count is closed the judges of
elections are required under the law to make what
is called a certificate of returns. Duplicate copies
of all these papers are made. One set of them,
after the election is closed, is deposited in one of
these boxes; the other set is filed with the court
of common pleas. They are filed the next day
after the polls are closed. In this case these re-
turns—what are called primary returns—were filed
in the office of the clerk of the court on the next
day after the election; and from them it appears
that, the sitting member had a majority of 132
votes. These division returns, as they are called,
after they are filed in the court of common pleas,
undergo another scrutiny before another election
board composed of certain judges, who are called
division judges of the wards—one judge for each
division of each ward. This board makes up
what arc called the ward return; and that, too, is
an official document. After this is done, these
ward returns go before another board, composed
of one member from each of the twenty-four wards
of the city. These twenty-four judges when met
make out proper certificates of election for the
candidates who have at the election received the
highest number of votes.
In this case, in the fourth ward, the judges met
in accordance with the law; made out their return,
and from that return it appears that the sitting
member had a majority of 555 votes in that ward. ,
These ward judges appointed one William Byerly,
whose name has been mentioned by the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. LoomisJ as the return
judge of that ward, and delivered the return to
him to be delivered to the board of judges for the
city. Instead of delivering that return to the city
board, he substituted foritaforged return, showing
that instead of a majority of 555 votes in that ward
for the sitting member, he had a majority of only
229 votes.
This changed the complexion of the election.
Instead of giving the sitting member a majority
of 132, it gave the contestant a majority of 198.
On that certificate as made out, the production of
fraud and forgery, the contestant, at the special
session in July last, came before this House and
claimcd a seat. That certificate, the production,
as I have said, of fraud and forgery, was, how-
ever, sent to the Governorof Pennsylvania as the
basis upon which to issue his proclamation, as re-
quired to do under the law, declaring what parties
are elected. The Governor, however, for a time
deferred issuing that proclamation. In the mean-
while this Byerly was indicted before the court of
quarter sessions of Philadelphia, and on the 7th
of November following he was sentenced for the
crime he was proved to have committed to pay a
fine of §300 and imprisonment in the State prison
for the term of two and a half years. The day
afterwards the Governor of Pennsylvania issued
his proclamation declaring the sitting member
elected, which proclamation recited substantially
the facts to which I have referred. That was the
8th of November. The next day, the 9th of No-
vember, the contestant served hisnoticcof contest
on the sitting member. In that notice he specified
thirteen distinct grounds on which he should con-
test the election. The first was that the Governor
had violated the law in issuing his proclamation
in favor of the sitting member. The second that
he, the contestant, was entitled to take his scat
under the original certificate obtained through the
fraud of Byerly. In the twelfth and thirteenth
specifications he alleged that in certain wards of
the city a certain number of illegal votes had been
received and coun ted in favor of the sitting member.
In the remaining specifications he alleged that in
ten election divisions the election officers had made
false returns and a false count of the votes; and
that in these divisions they had counted a cer-
tain number of votes for the sitting member which
should not have been counted for him, but for the
contestant. In the fourth specification he says:
"Fourth. T further specify, and expcct to be able to prove,
that at said general election,mthe seventh division, in the
fourth ward, the election officers, after the closing of the
polls at taiil election, did falsely and fraudulently make a
talse certificate under theii#hands> and seals of the number
of votes cast at said election for member of Congress, which
certificate was taken and filed as a division return in the
office ot the prothonotary in tlio court of common pleas.
They falsely and fraudulently counted and certified 30 votes
andupwai ds m favor of William E. Lehman that had been
fairly and legally east and voted for John M.Butler for said
