1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
agent, or person or persons acting in his, her, or their be-
half; and where such goods, wares, and merchandise have
been leraoved for consumption or delivery to others, p.aced
on shipboard, or are no longer within the custody and con-
trol of the manufacturer or manufacturers, or his or their
agent or agents, not being in his, her, or their factory, store,
or warehouse.
I move this amendment for the purpose of ask-
ing the Committee of Ways and Means whether
they have taken into consideration a proposition
which I will bring to their attention. It is this:
a manufacturing establishment, including the real
estate and permanent machinery, may amount in
value to §100,000. Under the direct tax that is
already taxed. The annual rent of the real estate,
however, forms a basis which enters as an element
into the cost of the manufactured article, and as
such is taxed again three per cent., and in addi-
tion to that the manufacturer is to be taxed throe
per cent, on his income, thus taxing him thrice
upon his real estate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Van Valken-
burgh having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
poreMr. Colfax reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had underconsideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the bill
of the House (No. 312) to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
RESTAURANT EXPENSES.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner ofPublic Buildings be
directed to inform the House what amount of coal and gas
is consumed by the restaurant in the Capitol, and by whom
the expenses therefor is paid.
SMITHSONIAN R130ENT.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the consent of the
House to make a unanimous reportfrom the Com-
mittee on the Libiary of a joint resolution ap-
pointing Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut,
n regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in place
of Cornelius C. Pel J on, deceased.
Mr. WASHBUUNE. I object.
JfiXTItA COPIES OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Pi in ting to submit the following resolutions:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred and fifty copies of Exec-
utive Document No.213, fust session Twenty-Fourth Con-
gress, and Executive Document No. 5, fust session Thiuy-
Secohd Congress, on fortifications, floating batteries, and
other means of defense, bo printed for the use of the House.
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the le-
port of the Committee on Commerce, on the reciprocity
treaty with Great Butain, together with the tieaty and ihe
acts of Congress in relation thereto, be printed for the use
of the House.
The resolutions were adopted.
IN VULNERABILITY OF SHIPS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, by unanimous consent,
reported back joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 59) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to test plans
and materials for rendering ships and floating bat-
teries invulnerable.
The joint resolution was read. It appropriates
§50,000, to be placed at the disposal of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, for the purposes specified in the
resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third timejand bring engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RI<5e, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN REGENT AGAIN.
Mr. McPHERSON. The gentleman from Il-
linois withdraws his objection to the resolution
for the appointment of a regent for the Smithsonian
Institution. I will simply say that the person
named in the resolution is the president of Yule
College. I ask that the joint resolution may be
put on its passage,
Mr. COX. 1 object.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock, p.m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 27, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suntderland,
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Chester and Lancaster counties, Pennsylvania,
praying for the total abolition of slavery as the
best means of ending the war; which was ordered
to tie on the table.
He also presented a petition from citizens of
McKean county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of Rev.
Charles A. Merrill and one hundred and three
others, citizens of Little Compton, Rhode Island,
praying for the total abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition from citizens of
Philadelphia, praying for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ItEPOUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 237) to remove all disqual-
ifications of color in carrying the mails, reported
it without amendment.
Mr.PEARCE,from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred a petition of the officers of
the twenty-second regiment New York State mi-
litia, praying for a remission of the duty on their
arms, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 120) in addition to
An act to refund and remit the duties on arms
imported by States," approved July 10, 1861, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. TEN EYCK,fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Francis Hiittmann, praying remuneiation for
losses sustained m consequence of the illegal pro-
ceedings of the collector of customs at San Fran-
cisco, reported a bill (S. No. 251) for the relief of
Francis fluttnnmn; whieh was read, and passed
to a second leading
T1IE SLAVE VESSEL AUGUSTA.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of tlie Interior be instiucted
to iurnhli to the Senate copies of all cotiespondencein the
po^t-o^ion of his Dopaitment relating to the Mave vessel
the bark Augusta, and a ho the evidence taken by dneetion
of the Government in said ease.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mohrjs, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (li. R. No.
59) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to test
plans and materials for rendering ships and float-
ing batteries invulnerable.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 59) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to test plans and materials
for rendering ships and floating batteries invul-
nerable, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
OrrferciU That the btll (P. No. 249) to establish a Depart-
ment of Agriculture, be printed.
EFFICIENCY OF TIIE BLOCKADE.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution,
and if there be no objection, I ask its immediate
consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval AfFaus be in-
structed to inquire whether theie ha* be^n any laxity on the
part of oui naval offieen charged with the blockade of the
southern Atlantic coast, and paiiicnt.uly at the port of
ChaileMon, and whether there be any foundation in truth
for the statement made by the British consul to lu  Gov-
ernment that k< armed troop «hips of the confederate States,
eairvingmunltions. of war, have been allowed to go in and
out of Charleston, and no attempt made to stop them and
that the committee have power to send for persons and
papers.
I desire to make a short statement to the Sen-
ate, for I consider this an exceedingly important
matter. On the 7th of this month the following
statement was made in the British House of Com-
mons by the Solicitor General, in reference to the
blockade:
" We have the report of Commander Lyons from Charles-
ton, on the 19tli of December, and he repoits a strict block-
ade. It is tiue that accompanying his repoit is an additional
statement that five or iix ships had contrived to escape, for
which he could not account. When letters weie written to
allthoseconsuls to inquire whethei there had been any in-
tentional laxity, any intention on the. pntt of the Fedeial
commanders to allow vessels to break the blockade, the an-
swer, with a single exception, winch I shall mention, was,
that there had been nothing of the kind. [Ilear, hear.] The
single exception is so extiaoidmary that i must express my
opinion that the fact stated by Mr. Bunch could not be ac-
cepted without fuithei inquiry. It is that, although no per-
mission had been given to other ships to go in and out, yet
armed troop ships of the confederate States, can jing muni-
tions of war, had been allowed to go in and out, and no
attempt made to atop them."
The speaker goes on to state that if that be the
fact it will present the blockade in a new phase
entirely. If it be true, sir, there is something
woise than laxity—there ts treason; and I think
it is due to our national character, and due to the
character of our naval officers, that the matter
should be strictly inquired into, and the truth ap-
pear. I must be permitted, however, to say, sir,
that I am perfectly satisfied there is no truth in
these allegations; but presented as they have been
they cannot be passed over without notice, and
hence I have offered tins resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
AID TO TIIE STATES IN EMANCIPATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning is House joint resolution
No. 48, declaring that Congress ought to coop-
erate with, affording pecuniary aid to, any State
which may adopt the gradual abolishment of sla-
very, upon which the Senator from Missouri is
entitled to the floor.
Mi. HENDERSON. If it be in order, I desire
again to offer the amendment that 1 submitted
yesterday in the beginning.
Tin' VICE PRESJDEl\tT. It is in order to
renew it ill the Senate.
AJ r. HENDERSON. Then I offer the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri will be read.
The Secretary read it, to insert, at the end of
the resolution, the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con*
frttued to imply a willingm:*^ on the pint of Congress that
any of the States now eoinpo>in<  the Union >ball be per-
mitted to withdraw peimanenth their allegiance to the
Government; hut u i> hereb> declaied to be the duty ot the
countiy to pio-'ecute tbe wai until the Constitution shall
have been restoted over eveiy State pioieasni^ to have
seceded.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I have
offered that amendment to the resolution in good
faith, and with no view whatever to make any
record for myself, or to attempt to get others
upon the record in order to affect them. I per-
haps shall take a different course on this resolu-
tion from that taken by a majority, at least, of
those representing the border slaveholdmg States;
I feel disposed to cast my vote for the resolution.
But an objection has been urged to the resolution,
and Senators ought to remember that it has been
urged with a great deal of power in the border
slaveholding States, that the design of it is to
effect the emancipation of the slaves m the border
slaveholding States, and then to consent to a dis-
solution of the Union. I have no idea that any
such thing is really contemplated. I know it is
not contemplated by the President; I am satisfied
that it is contemplated by but few, if any, of the
members on this floor. I can see no objection to
putting the declaration which I propose upon the
record with the resolution, particularly inasmuch
as it is said in the argument of the President in
support of the proposition, that he submitted it
with a view to the preservation of the Union.
The institution of slavery in theState of Missouri
has not been sufficient, notwithstanding it has
been deemed by Senators here to bo sufficient in
