SS10
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Legislature of the State, but proposes to submit
it to the convention that formed the constitution,
itself the creature of another convention; and, as
I shall show, composed, to a very considerable
extent, of members who were elected with a much
smallervotethan were the members who composed
the Legislature of the State.
In this case, the members of the convention to
whom my colleague proposes to submit these con-
ditions precedent to our admission, changing the
Constitution proposed by them as essentially as if
you were to turn day into.night, were elected last
fall. They submitted a constitution—the one now
before the Senate—to the people, recognizing all
existing rights of property and social institutions
as they now exist. This constitution the people
adopted. These conditions change the fundamental
law, interfere with the existing rights of the peo-
ple, propose that their own domestic institutions
shall be changed at the bidding of Congress, if some
thirty or forty gentlemen who last year composed
a convention shall assent thereto. Three hundred
and forty thousand people, in everything pertain-
ing to theirgovernment, represented by fifty thou-
sand voters, are to be bound by these gentlemen
who met last year to frame for, and propose to this
people a constitution which, if adopted, was to be
the organic law.
Missouri was a Territory seeking admission as
a State. In the case before the Senate, a State con-
sents to the formation of another State within its
own limits. In the case of Missouri the Legis-
lature was to he elected under the new constitution
after the passage by Congress of the resolution
which my colleague cites as a precedent. Ofcourse,
the question involved in the resolution came di-
rectly before the people of Missouri in the election
of members of,the Legislature. Lot it bd remem-
bered, too, that the Missoun resolution was in
direct conflict with the treaty by which thatTei-
ritory was ceded to the United States, and, there-
fore, a nullity.
It wiil be remarked, too, by the Senate that
there are three fundamental conditions now in the
amendment of my colleague, which must be ac-
cepted before the assent of Congress, if his bill
shall pass, can be given to the admission of the
Stateof WestVirginia: first,upon the fundamental
condition that all slaves born after the 4th of July,
1863, shall be free; second, that all slaves under
the age of twenty-one years shall be free upon
arriving at that age; third, that the clause in the
constitution excluding free negroes from the limits
of that State shall never be so construed as to au-
thorize the passage of any law on the part of the
Legislature excluding from it citizens of the sev-
eral States of this Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will suspend his remarks to receive a message
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CARL1LE. Certainly.
MESSAGK 1*'It031 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 571) to punish the fraudulent sale or use of
postage stamps, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 524)
prohibiting the confinement of persons in the mtN
Uary service of the United States in the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia, except as a pun-
ishment for ceitain crimes, and to discharge there-
from certain convicts by sen tence ofcourts-rnartial,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. James F. Wilson of Iowa,
Mr. He.vry L. Dawes of Massachusetts, and
Mr, Jonsr S. Phelps of Missouri, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No, 525) in
relation to the election of Representatives to Con-
gress by single districts.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message fuither announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the lith instant, the following acts and joint
resolutions:
An act (d. R. No. 187) to authorize an addi-
tional issue of United States notes, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne;
An act (H. R. No. 393) making further appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
of June, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 529) concerning certain
lands heretofore granted to the State of Iowa;
An act (H. R. No. 540) making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled " An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in en-
forcing the laws and protecting public property/'
approved July 22, 1861, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 543) relating to schools for
the education of colored children in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 545) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector
of customs at Chineoteague Island, in the State
of Virginia;
An act (II. R. No.-549) to abolish certain ports
of delivery in the Mississippi valley;
An act (H. R. No. 556) to change the placc of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of West Tennessee;
A joint lesolution (H. R. No. 71) providing
for the distribution of surplus copies of the Bien-
nial Register for 1861, among the several bureaus
of the Executive Departments;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 87) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Dennis Cronans;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims m the
case ofT. S. J.Johnson;
A joint lesolutiou (H. R. No. 89) to confirm
the adveise decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of executor of Lewis Warrington and others;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Cfcurt of Claims in the
case of Abraham King, administrator of John
Mandeville;
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 91) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Richard Irvin, trustee of the Mechanics'
Hank,New York; and
A joint resolution (tl. R. No. 92) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case ofC. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees
of John McKenme.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act of 3d March,
1837, entitled "An act supplementary to the act
entitled ' An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States;'99
A bill (S. No. 123) to extend the provisions of
the act of August 4, 1852, entitled " An act to
grant the right of way to all rail and plank roads,"
&c., for the term of five years, and to amend the
same;
A bill (S. No. 363) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to accept the title to League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 84) forthe leliefof preemptors
on the Home reservation of the Winnebagoes,
in the Blue-earth region, in the State of Minne-
sota;
A bill (II. R. No. 437) to extend the territorial
limits of the Territory of Nevada;
A bill (H, R. No. 438) to grant pensions;
A bill (H. 11. No. 471) to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) in relation to the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress by single dis-
U^cts;
y A bill (H. R. No. 531) increasing temporarily
the duties on imports, and for other purposes.
A bill (H. R. No. 550) to further provide for
the collection of the revenue on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontier, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 553) to establish additional
post routes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to declare the
meaning of " An act to authorize tlfe President of
the United States in certain cases to take posses-
sion of railroads and telegraph lines, and for other
purposes,"approved January 31,1862, and to re-
peal a part of said act.
FRAUDULENT USE OF POSTAGE STAMPS.
Mr.-COLLAMER. A bill has just been re-
ceived from theHouseof Representatives to which
I desire to call the attention of the Senate for one
moment, if the gentleman from Virginia wiil in-
dulge me.
Mr. CARLTLE. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very rccent events have
shown that a new mode of defrauding the Gov-
ernment has come into use, or been discovered
within the last few days, which it needs a statute
to prevent. This bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives accomplishes that object, and I desire
that it may be passed. I will explain it in one
moment by reading a letter from the Post Office
Department to me on this subject:
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, Washington, July 12, 1862.
Sir: The Postmaster General instiucts me to cail the
attention of the Postal Committees of the Senate and
House to the necessity of a penal law of the character of
the draft herewith inclosed. Late investigations have dis-
closed extensive operations in chemical washing off of can-
celing marks on stamps, and then selling them foKuse in
large and small lots. It is not found that any law punishes
the offense until they are actually used, when it is nearly
impossible to show the guilty knowledge in.such cases.
1 lespectfully jequest that action may he taken thereon
at this session. J inclose a report by special agent on this
subject.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedient
seivanl, . JOHN A. KASSON.
FirU Jlsshtunt Postmaster GeneruU
TJon. J. Cot,lamer, Chairman. United States Senate.
Hon. S. Colfax, Chairman, House of Representatives.
This is a bill merely to declare that the defacing
of the marks which show that the stamp has been
used,and the using of it again, is penal and pun-
ishable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider at the present time House bill
No. 571, to punish the fraudulent sale or use of
postage stamps, which has just been brought to
the Senate from the House of Representatives.
Does any Senator object to the present considera-
tion of this bill ?
There beingno objection, the bill was read twice
by its title and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill declares that every person who
shall willfully remove or cause to be removed from
any postage stamp or stamped envelope the can-
celing or defacing marks thereon with intent to
use the same or cause the use of the same the sec-
ond time, or shall knowingly or willfully sell or
buy such,washed or restored stamp, or offer the
same for sale, or give or expose the same to any
person for use, or knowingly use the same or pre-
pare the same with intentfor the second use there-
of, shall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty of fel-
ony, and shall be punished by imprisonment not
exceeding three years, or by fine not exceeding
$1,000, or both imprisonment and fine, and one
half such fine, when collected, shall be paid to the
informer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up and pass the bill that was
postponed for the purpose of taking up the bill
lor the admission of West Virginia. Both the Sen-
ator from Illinow [Mr. Trumbull] and the Sen-
atoi from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] withdraw
theii objection to it; and it will only take about
■ two minutes to pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* It can only be
done by unanimous consent. No objection being
made, the pending bill will be laid aside for the
"time being that the Senate may consider the bill
indicated by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 350) to repeal an act entitled "An act
to prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers
inti ustcd with the making of contracts," approved
June 2,3862.
