"1862.
THE CONGBESSIGNAL GLOBE.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thiPB
reading, was read the'tbird time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the title was amended
so as to read:
A bill to suspend temporarily the operation of an unen-
titled "An act to prevent and punish fraud on the pait of
ofhceis intrusted with the making of contracts," approved
June % 1862.
ADMISSION OP WEST VIRGINIA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] is entitled to the
floor on the amendment moved by himself to the
amendment of his colleague to the bill (S. No. 365)
providing for the admission of the* State of West
Virginia into the Union.
Mr, CARLILE. Mr. President, the great ob-
ject to be attained, and one of the great benefits
that I expect the people of the proposed new State
will derive upon their admission into the Union,
is the unanimity ofsentimentand the cordiality of
action which it will bring about. The conven-
tions which have assembled looking to the forma-
tionofthisState, the Legislature in its action look-
ing to the formation of the State, all have carefully
respected the time-honored and established law of
our State, which is never to make any change in
our organic laws untiHhe proposed change'is first
submitted to the people of the State, and by them
ratified and adopted. Now, sir, three changes of
so much importance as to justify the Congress of
the nation in withholding from that people their
assent to their separate organization, are incor-
porated in this amendment. That they are im-
portant and of the highest moment to the people
whoare to besubject to these provisions,, is shown
by the fact that the Senate is unwilling to act with-
out an acceptance of these conditions. Would it
not be a departure from all our ideas which have
grown with our growth and strengthened with our
strength, and which we derive from the funda-
mental proposition that lies at the basis of all our
institutions, to wit, that all governmental power
is derived from the people, if we were to subject
them to solemn fundamental covenants, holding
that people responsible for the fulfillment of these
conditions, and refusing to consult them as to
whether they are willing to be bound by these
stipulations.
Sir, from the beginning of this movement I have
taken, I may say without arrogating anything to
myself, a prominent position in the front rank in
favor of this separation; but I have done it always
with the conviction that every step that was to be
taken, every act that was to be done, should be
approved by the people themselves who are to be
affected by the proposed action. I am indebted
to the Wheeling Intelligencer of the first day of
this month for furnishing to me a quotation from
some remarks that! made in the convention when
the proposition was pending before that body to
authorize the sense of the people to be taken on
theproposed new State, which I will read,showing
that I am acting in perfect accordance with every
movement I have made connected with this sub-
ject from its incipiency. Upon a resolution which
I had the honor to submit to that convention, and
which gave rise to this proceeding which is now
before the Senate, instructing a committee "to re-
port an ordinance providing for the formation of
a separate State out of, and to be composed of the
following counties, to wit"—naming them—some
discussion arose. There was a desire on the part
of members of the convention to include within
the resolution counties which I had not named,
and in reply I stated what I now read:
" That T was not for including within the limits of this
new State a single county which I did not believe, by a large
majority of its people, would desire to be a part and parcei
of it."
The ordinance providing for taking the sense
of the people within the proposed boundary upon
a new State and—in the event a majority should
be found voting for it—providing for the organi-
zation of a convention to form a constitution for
the government of the new State, expressly pro-
vides, in so many words, that the constitution
thus formed shall be submitted to the people at
the polls for their ratification or rejection; and m
pursuance of that provision of the ordinance, this
constitution now before the Senate was, after its
adoption by the convention, proposed to the people
of the State, and their votes,, to the extent that they
voted, were taken upon it. Would it be a com-
pliance with thisspititof the ordinance of the con-
vention to change that constitution, to add other
and further provisions deemed by the Senate of
so much importance as to require an addition, and
to hold that people responsible for the fulfillment
of these conditions, without you first consult them
upon it, and they agree to it? I put that question
to the Senate. I put it to Republicans, to Dem-
ocrats, to Whigs; I put it to men of every com-
plexion and of every hue of political opinion
whether it would not be a strange anomaly in the
history of this country if three provisions of so
much importance as those that are proposed in
this amendment are to be placed upon a people,'
rt'nd they expected to carry them out in good faith
without ever having been consulted upon them.
I cannot for a moment entertain the idea that the
amendment I propose will be rejected by this
body.
But, Mr. President, there are other considera-
tions; there are other reasons why this should be
done. In the proposed boundaries of the amend-
ment now pending before the Senate, the tables
show some forty-seven thousand voters, forty-
seven thousand persons within those boundaries
entitled to exercise the right of suffrage, and who
did exercise it at the last presidential election. The
returns which are now in the possession of the
Senate show that but about nineteen thousand of
those forty-seven thousand voted upon this prop-
osition. A majority of the voting population
within the boundaries of this proposed new State
have never assented even to the constitution that is
now before you by a direct vote at the polls. The
only assent that has been given which strengthens
the vote at the polls is the assent given by those
counties through their representatives in the Gen-
eral Assembly who were present and voted; and
because of the request of that body thus given, I
have felt it my duty, and shall continue to feel it
to be my duty, to ask the Senate for a vote di-
rectly upon the proposition which is transmitted
to us through the Legislature, and which we are
requested to present to the Senate.
But, sir, if we have to go back, if the request
of the Legislature cannot be granted, if, after a
discharge ofour duty here by complying with that
request, the Senate shall determine that that can-
not bo granted, but that other and further steps
are necessary to be taken in order to.secure our
admission, I shall,as I have done heretofore, in-
sist at every step that the people shall have at least
the privilege of pronouncingupon any and every
proposition. Why do we want this new State?
Because of the interests that will be promoted in
times of peace. We know that in the time of war
it matters not where we are, so far as the material
and pecuniary interests of the people are to be
affected. The separation by mere imaginary lines
dividing States will not give to the people within
the proposed new State any greater or increased
security from the horrors of war ana the desola-
tion of war than if they were notseparated. The
great objects to be promoted by this separation
are to be enjoyed upon the return of peace with
the single solitary objcct, which I consider a very
important one to us at this particular time—that
of uniting together as many of our people as we
can in the same cause and for the same object. I
believe that a separation and organization of this
State will, the instant it is accomplished, at least
quiet very many who are now induced to adhere
to their secession proclivities because of this
singular idea that they owe their first allegiance
to the State. Get them within our own bounda-
ries, give them our own State in which they re-
side, and we will direct their allegiance as we have
adhered to our own to the State and to the Fed-
eral Government of which it forms a part. That,
sir, is the only advantage now to be derived by
immediate action on this proposition. The other
privileges arc to be enjoyed when peace shall once
more smile upon our country.
Mr. POMEROY. I simply wish to say, in a
single word, that if this amendment of the Sen-
ator's is adopted, or even if there is a prolonged
discussion upon it, the simple effect will be to put
off the measure for this session. If the Senator
himself is not in favor of the admission of West-
ern Virginia, he m ed not expect others to be; and
if the people of Western Virginia do not send
Senators here who are in favor of this measure,
they certainly cannot expect to get it through.
Mr. CAllLILE. 1 do not think there has been
anything that I have said or done to justify the
remark«of-the Senator from Kansas, Asl stated in
the outset, I am in favor of the admission of W$st
Virginia, if you admit her under the constitution
which she has thought he res hut you refuse that,
and seek to impose conditions upon her people
changing radically the fundamental law as. they
had adopted it, and deny to them even an oppor-
tunity to say whether or not your terms are ac-
ceptable to them. The Senator from Kansas is
in favor of the admission of West Virginia upon
certain conditions. He proposes to admit West .
Virginia with such a constitution as he shall pre-
scribe for the government of her people. I pro-
pose to admit her with the constitution she has
formed for her own government. I am in favor of
her admission withoutconditions upon the precise
terms that she asks.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment that has
been proposed will allow the State of Virginia to
come into the Union speedily by the action of the
convention. I supposed that these people were
anxious for immediate action. It has been so rep-
resented to the committee. As the chairman has
very well stated this morning, we acted on the *
idea that immediate action was called for in this
matter. If the Senator from Virginia himself,
representing that State, takes the responsibility of
proposing an amendment which delays the matter
for another year, he alone is responsible for the
effcct of that vote. We are for admitting the State,
and providing that the convention may accept or
reject the proposition immediately, and come imo
the Union.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I trust I am  
aware of the responsibility I assume, and I shall v
take care of all its consequences without calling
upon the Senator from Kansas, or troubling him
in the slightest degree, i intend to show, before
I get through, that the suggestions of the Senator
are not founded m a correct understanding of the
proposition before the Senate. What does it pro-
pose, if tins bill shall pass, and you hold that peo-
ple bound by stipulations and fundamental condi-
tions to which they have never assented? Even your
own amendment does not provide for the admis-
sion of the State earlier than sixty days after the
35th day of next November; and thatbrings us to
the middle of next January. This Congress will
meet hereon the first Monday of Dcccmber next.
If we come here with a constitution framed in
accordance with the suggestions that have been
thrown out to us by this body, emanating from
the people—not in obedience to your direction, or
not in obedience to your exaction, but emanating
from them spontaneously, fur the purpose of se-
curing their admission into the Union, acting upon
the suggestions they have received at your hands
—what is there to prevent the admission of the
State, under such a constitution, earlier than you
provide in th-atamendment for her admission, when
the Congress meets here on the 1st day of Decem-
ber next, and the amendment itself runs it into the
middle of January before she is admitted ? There
is nothing in that idea at all.
I intend to deal frankly with the Senate. I have
no concealments, never have any, and never in-
tend, in a representative capacity at least, to con-
ceal from my brethren and colleagues who are to
act with me, any opinions that 1 entertain. What
are they ? Supposing—as I suppose I will see
when 1 move the test amendment, which I shall,
to this proposition—that the Senate is unwilling
to admit us withoutconditions, I shall vote against
any bill, if it is pressed, exacting conditions, for
the purpose of going home to my people, asking
them to assemble a convention between this and
the first Monday in December, and act upon the
suggestions which we have received here from the
Senate, if they.desire to do so, and come here with
a constitution that will enable Congress, without
any arbitrary stretch of power, to admit us at
once without delay. That is the course I propose-
to take, whenever the Senate shall, as I presume it
will, by a majority of its votes 1'efusc to so amend
the amendment of my colleague as to strike out
all his proposition after the word " whatever.'*
And why do I do it? Mr. President, the people
of West Virginia not only desire an admission
into the Union; but they wish to pieserve their
liberties under the Constitution of the United
States, and 1 shall be mistaken if they surrender
the high privilege of freemen, that of forming for
themselves, free and untrammeled, their own or-
ganic law. They will never consent that this
