1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
a great many of the States—because slavery lias
been charged to be the cause of all our troubles—
to withdraw the people of my State from their
allegiance to the Federal Government. There are
other interests in Missouri besides the interests of
slavery, and, although it is an institution exist-
ing there, our people look upon other institutions
that exist there as of equal if not superior import-
ance. One of the great reasons inducing them to
remain firm and fixed to the Union is, that they
will never consent to surrender their right to the
Mississippi river, over every inch of it, from the
borders of Missouri to the Gulf of Mexico; and,
sir, if they lose all idea that that is to be an ob-
ject of the majority here, it will inevitably affect
their feelings in the future.
Mr. President, since 1 have been a member of
this body I have carefully abstained from all dis-
cussion of the slavery question. There are sev-
eral reasons inducing me to pursue a course of
silcnce upon the subject. In the first place, the
diseases of the country have resulted from slavery
agitation, and however effectual the administra-
tion of remedies in ordinary cases upon the theory
that " like cures like," I must be permitted to de-
mur to the practice in the present case. Addi-
tional slavery agitation will do no good but great
harm. In the second place, 1 have thought that
the great object of the country should be to put
clown this lebellion, and to do it successfully
demands the united energy of all the friends of
Union throughout the nation. In this good work
Congress, at its present session atleast, mightfind
enough to tax its wisdom and engage its thoughts.
In the third place, I represent in part a people
who recognize slavery as a local institution among
them, and I am at a loss to see how I shall be able
to advance their interest in any manner by pro-
voking a controversy on slavery ethics with the
majoutyon this floor, who seem to have satisfied
themselves that the institution is wrong, I am
willing to abstain fiorn all reflections upon their
opinions, provided they will abstain from all inter-
ference with the subject itself in the States, where
I am satisfied it will be best intrusted for the good
of all concerned.
I might give other reasons for my course in ref-
erence to this subject; but those named combining,
as they do, the interest of my immediate constit-
uents and a sense of patriotic duty on my own
part, are deemed sufficient. I opposed the intro-
duction of the bill to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, not because I jegarded it an
unconstitutional exorcise of power, or an act of
such gross bad faith to Maryland or the people of
Maryland; not because 1 was so much attached to
the institution as to desire its continuance where
ever it existed, or because I thought the free insti-
tutions of our country would be endangered by
the abolition of slavery in the nation's capital; I
did not believe any of these things, and yet I was
conscientiously opposed to the discussion of this
measure at the present session of Congress. My
information on the subject led me to believe that
the act would be acceptable to the ov/ncis of slaves
—almost, if not quite, as desirable to them as to
the slaves themselves. Slavery cannot be other-
wise than nominal m this District, largely depend-
ent on the will of the slave himself. The interest
is a very inconsideiable one, the slave population
in 1860 being only 3,181, while the whites num-
bered 60,788. To show the utter worthlessness
of the institution, in a pecuniary point of view, it
is only necessary to state the fact that the free col-
ored population at the same period numbeied
13,107; and that while the white and free colored
classes have for many years been rapidly on the
increase, the slave population has be<m &nd is now
rapidly on the decline. The laws ot labor would
soon have disposed of it here, when all those in-
tricate questions of good faith and constitutional
law, the discussion of which to gaping crowds
both North and South has made and unmade Sen-
ators and Congressmen and Governors and sher-
iffs and constables and town trustees, would
silently have taken their place among the things
of the past.
To meit was amatter of extreme doubt whether
at this period of time, when the educated and en-
lightened white man can with difficulty find
means of suppoit for himself and family, true
charity to the black man required that his former
owner should be absolved from the obligation to
support and protect him until this rebellion is
over. It was a matter of even still greater doubt
whether genuine benevolence was sufficiently
combined with good policy, as to demand the im-
mediate payment of $1,000,000 from the Treas-
ury for the purpose of effecting what was almost
accomplished in the very nature of things, and
especially while the necessaries of life were being
taxed to prohibition and denied to millions of suf-
fering white men throughout the land. I thought,
too, that the discussion of the subject, in the ab-
sence of any real practical good, at the present
time might-be misunderstood and misconstrued
by many real friends of the Union. It might bo
urged, as it has always been heretofore, that this
is but the beginning of the end, the first act of the
abolition monster in his work ofdestruction. We
of the South have been annually frightened by
some imaginary plot for the overthrow of slavery
in the United States. We have been regularly in-
formed by a race of politicians, whose watchful
and jealous regard for ourtiue interests has been
about equal to that of the abolitionist for the ne-
gro, that unless they were continued in power the
whole institution would be immediately upset, the
owner robbed of his property, and the negro made
equal, if notsuperior, to the white man. We have
listened to these stories, and been made alike to
fear and hate the most unsubstantial and harm-
less thing on earth. It is true, that abolition has
talked largely in the North of the horrors of Af-
rican slavery, of which it was almost wholly ig-
norant, and promised diseased sentimentality an
elysium of universal freedom and social delights,
as broad as the nation itself; but the fruit of its j
professions no man has been able to discover, ex-
cept it be found in the miseries of the present re-
bellion. No slave has yet been legally emancipated
through its instrumentality, and many of us begin
to believe that it never intended to reduce its the-
ories into practice.
However, if, after thirty years of agitation and
excitement on the negro question, after thousands
of pi onuses unpeiformed, our northern friends
shall determine to throw a tub to the abolition
whale, by giving freedom to three thousand slaves
in the District of Columbia, the first act of the
kind of which they have ever been guilty,I have
no idea that Missouri will undertake to secede
from the Union, especially since her late experi-
ence in secession has lost her people near one
third of theirslaves, rendered the remainder worth-
less, and destroyed for them property amounting
in value to more than all their slaves were worth
in peuods of prosperity preceding the war.
Even after the consummation of the act, I am
not sure that the anti-slavery men can take much
credit for what shall have been done in the way
of emancipation, for if the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomkroy] be correct, a plea of " confession
and avoidance" may be entered to the claim, ad-
mitting the passage of the act, but setting up the
fact that the negro was already free. Whether
this position be true or not, the future may de-
monstrate that the present nominal slavery of the
three thousand is but little worse, if any, than
that boasted heaven-born fr'.edom which makes
the negro a sonal and political outcast in every
northern State of tin1 Union.
I thought it ill-timed and unwise to open up in
Congress the slavery agitation, and I therefore
opposed it. But if you noithern gentlemen are
determined to disregard my counsels on this sub-
ject, I hope you will act as promptly as possible,
lest in the angry discussions arising from the
momentous question involved—the freeing of a
few hundred negroes that are already free—the
great State of Delaware may be enabled to take a
peep behind the curtain, and, discovering the ter-
nble plot matured by the abolitionists for the
overthrow of its sacred institutions and the de-
struction of its vast interests m slave property—
which, at a fair valuation, amounts to at least
£."200,000—may be induced to secede and join the
southern confederacy, where constitutional lights
are religiously guarantied unto all men. And un-
less you dispose of this subject at an early day,
it is impossible to tell what effect may be wrought
on the mind of my very excellent friend from
Kentucky who sits on the other side of the Cham-
ber—and when 1 call him my friend, 1 mean what
I say. He is evidently already excited on this
subject, and no doubt will be more so as the
discussion progresses. Incitement engendeied
upon this subject, too, is exceedingly dangerous;
it never cools, but rushes on with intemperate
haste to the destruction of its opponents, ending
frequently in the overthrow of its own victims.
The otherSenator from Kentucky,[Mr. Powell,]
also my friend, who has witnessed these things
for a greater length of time than his colleague,
seems almost to have despaired of arresting the
prevalent rage of the day, and has concluded to
submit with manly resignation to the fate to be
imposed by thedominantmajority. The Virginia
Senators nave become quite restive, and Mary-
land looks with suspicion upon this reckless dis-
regard of national faith towards its ancient citi-
zens.
The usually quiet Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] becomes shocked at the intimation from
a southern Senator that the laboring whites of the
South may commence a war of extermination
against the freed blacks, and without largely cul-
tivating the virtue of consistency I must think, at
once enters upon a labored argument to prove that
northern hostility to the negro is and should be
greater than at the South. If this be so, the con-
dition of the negro is really deplorable. If he re-
mains in the South, he must remain as a slave, or
he is in danger of total extermination, and if he
goes North, it is but to meet a fate more terrible
still, if such can be, resulting from the superior
prejudices of the northern people. Whatever else
these arguments may prove, the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] will claim that they
establish one fact beyond controversy, to wit,
that the negroes, when freed, should be colonized
and placed beyond the dangers indicated.
Mr. President, another measure received the
sanction of this body, to which I was opposed,
butl contented myself with a silent vote. Itspro-
visions, I presume, are really harmless, except so
far as they may lleece the Treasury,'(and just
here it is my duty to acquit its friends of any de-
sign so to do,) but I was satisfied, and am now,
that it will be used by the enemies of the Union
for the purpose of cementing southern sentiment
into that compact and solid mass of hatred and
malignity against the Government which cannot
be subdued before the burdens of taxation, fol-
lowed by some reverses to our arms, which must
come ever and anon as the fortune of war, will
raise a clamor throughout the land against those
who maintain the war as a means of restoring the
Union.
I allude to the measure introduced by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] and pro-
viding *' for the occupation and cultivation of the
cotton lands of the southern States," and for the
protection and support of the indigent slaves aban-
doned by their owners. The apparent object of
(he measure was one of a charitable nature, and
gave strong evidence of the Senator's kindness of
heart. Whether the results will afford equal evi-
dence of good judgment in the premises, the fu-
ture alone must determine. To preserve consist-
ency on this negro question, I believe is an utter
impossibility, so much so that I begin to doubt
my own consistency, a confession that men do
not ordinarily make in these days. From day to
day I have heard it announced on this floor, by
members belonging to the majority, that the ne-
gro's mental capacity and habits of industry are
such as to enable him, if free, not only to provide
for himself the necessaries, but the comforts and
conveniences of life. In Georgia and South Car-
olina, where the measure was intended to operate,
the foolish masters had fled from their planta-
tions, leaving their splendid mansions and farms
in an improved state of cultivation. ^ They left
their slaves, and in theirpossession theirsiock and
implements of industry. In addition to this, the
country itself is one in which bountiful nature,
supplying its fruits in richest profusion, almost
exempts its inhabitants from the decree demand-
ing labor at the hands of men.
Under these circumstances it seemed to me that
the slave might support himself—that our armies,
marching North in pursuit of the fleeing whites,
j might suffer the slaves to fall behind them and
procecd to the cultivation of the lands of their
respective owners. But the bill provided for the
dispensation of charities from the Government
coffeis,for the distribution of food, clothing, bed-
ding, &c. It enters upon an immense system of
Government farming, dividing these cotton lands
into plantations of from one to three thousand
acres, appoints a superintendent of each farm at
