2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 26.
ilar writings should be recorded in order to con-
stitute a hen. In the State of Virginia no judg-
ment is a lien unless it is entered upon what is
called a judgment docket, and no lien after a year;
and if A obtains a judgment against B, who has
land in twenty counties, he can only make that
judgment a lien upon the land in each county by
having a certified copy of the judgment entered
upon the judgment docket in each county where
the lands respectively lie. So of a deed of trust
that is peculiar to our State;so of a mortgage; in
Older to constitute a lien it must be recorded and
entered upon the judgmentdocket on the records
of the county in which the laird lies. Our people
are accustomed to that. When they want to see
that a tract of land is clear of any lien, they go
to the county court records; they know whereto
look for these things. Now, if a different system
is adopted here, the people in many instances
may be led into difficulty, not being aware of it,
having very little access to the laws of Congress.
It being a new thing, much injury and injustice
may be done in many individual instances to per-
sons purchasing lands with liens existing on them
where they supposed they had taken all the pre-
cautions necessary to inform themselves on the
subject. It occurs to me that the chairman of the
Committee on Finance and the Senator from Ohio
could readily frame some general provision re-
quiring these matters to be recorded in each State
in manner and form as the laws of that State re-
quiie liens to be entered.
Mr. 1IA11RIS. I concur in the view that has
just been suggested by the Senator from Virginia.
I perceive by his statement that the law in his
State is very similar to that in the State of New
York. In that State I recover a judgment in
Albany, where I reside, against a citizen of that
place. I want to make it a hen 011 land in Buffalo.
My judgment is recorded in Albany, but 1 take a
brief transciipl of that judgment, and L send it to
the clerk's office in Buffalo, and 1 have it there
docketed; ami so I can send it to all the sixty-odd
counties in the State of New York, and have it
docketed in evei y county. 1 select such counties
as I think the defendant may have real estate sit-
uated 111, and in that way I make my hen as I
choose. Now, to docket a certificate—a statement
like that suggested by the Senator from Ohio—111
the clerk's cilice at Utica, which is the clerk's
office for the northern district of New York, em-
bracing some fifty counties, and to oblige every
man who has any transactions in regard to real
estate to search in that clerk's office, would be
oppressive and expensive, too much so to be en-
dured.
In my judgment, the better way to dispose of
this thing is to leave it for the present without
attempting to cieale a lien; and if by and by it
should be thought necessary to provide anything
of that kind, to prepare a separate act that shall
be adjusted to the various local laws of the several
Slates. Certainly if a lien is to be created, it ought
to be a eaied, as is suggested by the Senator from
Vn&iuin, in conformity with the local laws of the
Stales; otherwise, great embai rassment and some-
times great wrong will be tin* result.
Mr. FIvSlSEiNDEN. 1 am satisfied that my
friend from Ohio will not succeed in this amend-
ment, for the simple reason that nothing will be
satisfactory winch does not conform exactly to
the laws of every State in the Union, for every
gentleman thinks that the laws in his own State
are exactly as they should be, and that unless it
is done in that way smiie harm will be done. I
think the amend men t 1 proposed in the first place,
to strike out " and his suieties," is the only one
that will go thiongh.
A3r. SHERMAN. I think it is best to strike
out the whole lien.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be left, so far
as the collector is concerned.
The PUEyiDJiNG OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and 1 substitute
for it a proposition to strikeout all after the woul
4<^collector," m thetwenty-first line of the twenty-
sixth section down to thy word "low," in the
twenty-sixth line. I'iie words to be stricken out
are:
And the amount of the sum* due from anv collector a<
atore-uid. f-hull and lite same an; hereby deelaied to bo a
lien upon U10 hinds and real estate 01 such collector and ins
sureties, until the same shall be dischaiged according to
law. ®
It may be said that the United States can get a
lien by a levy under the proceedings pointed out
in this section, in a very short time; only fifty or
sixty days would be lost; they can get a hen upon
real estate by the terms of this section by a levy,
by seizing the property.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator from Ohio
proposes the proper amendment, because I am sat-
isfied that it would be utterly impossible for the
collectors to get sureties if you make the bonds a
lien on all the property of both. If these words
be stricken out, the lien will commence from the
time of a levy, as to both real and personal estate,
and then the party chargeable will have a right to
pay before the lien attaches. Any other project
that I have heard here would prevent that, and
would be attended with mischief. If liens are cre-
ated and not adapted to the peculiar systems of
the several States, you have to encounter the mis-
chief of secret liens, and that will operate to pre-
vent the transfer of property. I think it will be
sufficient to give a hen from the time of a levy
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania thinks the clause, as it stands,
is objectionable, on the ground that it will prevent
a man from getting sureties. I propose to meet
that very objection.
Mr. COWAN. What is the honorable Sena-
tor's amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My amendment is sim-
ply to strike out the words "and his sureties,"
leaving the lien on the property of the collector.
That is for the benefit of the sureties; it secures
that he shall not cheat them, that the Government
shall have his property.
Mr. COWAN. Then I would suggest the pro-
priety of entering that judgment or bond against
the collector in such manner as to make it a hen
under the laws of the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be done.
Mr. COWAN. It perhaps cannot be done in
Maine, where, I believe, there are noliens; but it
can be done in any State where the State laws
provide for the entry of liens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
strike out the words indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. The other day, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, the word
" him" was stricken out of the thirty-fourth line
of the 15th page, and the words " the proper as-
sessor'' inserted. I think it does not read exactly
right now, and I suggest that we strike out the
words " i>y the proper assessor."
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection. I thought
the gap was too wide between the antecedent and
the relative.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out the
words " by the proper assessor" after the word
"determined." The section goesnn to provide
who shall hear and determine appeals.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. In the second line of the
twenty-eighth section after the word " collector,"
I move to insert " assessor or assistant assessor;"
so as to make it read:
A collector 01 deputy collector, assessor or assistant as-
^e.-.-or, --haM be authorized to entei iu the day time any
breweiy, distillery, manufactory, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. I do not like the phrase-
ology of the thirty-seventh section, and I suggest
that it be changed. It now reads:
That should any of she people of any of the States or
Tomforio ot the United States, or the J>i-triot of Colum-
bia, be in actual lebi'lhon asuin^t the authouty 01 the Gov-
ernment of the United State-, at any time alter this- actgoe--
into operation, so that the taw* of the United States cannot
be executed therein, it shall be the dutv of the Piesident,
and he is heieby authorized, to ptoeeed to execute the pro-
vision* of tliH aet within the limit* of such State or Tom-
toiy. or District of Columbia, so soon us the authority of
the United States therein shall be reestablished, and to col-
Icct the sums which would have been due, &e.
I move so to amend it as to make it read:
That if for any cause, at anytime after this aet goes
into opeiatmn, the law- of the Cnitod States? cannot be ex-
ecuted 111 a State or Tei utoi v of the United States, or any
p,u t thereof, it ^liali be the duty of the Piesiileiit. and he is
herebv -uirtioi>//'d to pioceed to execute lb<' p'oywons o!
thi- aet Within the hunts nf inch State or Ten itory or pait
thereof, or District ot Columbia, as soon as the authoiity ol
the United Stales theieiri shall be leotabhshcd, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 43, I move to
insert the words, " and the proof thereof," after
the word " superintendent," in the thirty-first line
of the fortieth section, so as to read:
An exact account in writing, taken from his books, of
the number of gallons of spirits distilled by inm, his agent,
or superintendent, and tile proof thereof, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a proviso at the
end of the forty-second section, that where the
spirits are above first proof, the duty shall be com-
puted accordingly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Butit is n<H provided that
the proof shall be entered on the distiller's books.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "implements," in the
twenty-third line of the fortieth section:
And also of the quantities of grain and other vegetable pro-
ductionfc 01 other substanccs put into the mash tub or other-
wise used by him, his agent, or superintendent, for the pur-
pose of producing spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it not be better to
say "all grain consumed," so as to include not
only what goes into the mash tub, but what is fed
out to hogs?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They feed it out to hogs
afterwards.
Mr. SHERMAN. You want to get at the quan-
tity of grain consumed in the distillery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the words "and
the proof thereof," which have just been inserted
in the thirty-first line of the fortieth section, I
move to add:
And also of the quantities of grain or other vegetable pro-
ductions or other substances, put into the mash tub or other-
wise used by lum, his agent, or superintendent, for the pur-
pose of producing spirits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the thirteenth line of
the foity-fourth section, I move to stiike out the
word "and" between ''distilled" and "sold,"
and to insert by him," and also " the number of
gallons," so as to read, " entered in a book to be
kept by him for that purpose, the number of gal-
lons of spirituous liquors distilled by him, and
also the number of gallons sold," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "ensue,"
in the twenty-fourth line of the forty-fourth sec-
tion, I move to insert:
And «hall also keep a book or books in a form to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and to
be open at all reasonable hours for inspection by the col-
lector and assessor ot the district, wherein shall be entered
from day to dnv the quantities of giaiu or other vegetable
productions or other substances put into the mash tubby
him, his agent,or supeiintendent, for the purpose of pro-
ducing ppirits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the thirteenth line of the
forty-fourth section, after the word "sale," I
move to insert " and the proof thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the twenty-first line
of the same section, after " sale," I move to in-
sert " and the proof thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, after the word
" thereof," in the fifteenth line of section forty-
eight, to insert:
The quantities ofgiain ot other vegetable productions or
othei vub>iannes put into the mash tub or othei wise uaed
lor the purpose of pioducing beer, or for any other purpose,
and.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line twenty-one of
the same section, I move to insert:
The quantities ot grain or other vegetable productions or
other substances put into the mash tub or othei wise used
foi the purpose ot pioducing beer, or tor any othorpuipose,
and the quantity or.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Section fifty-one reads:
Jlnd be it farther enacted. That all beer, lager beer, ale,
poiter, and other similar feimented liquors which shall be
made, and all spiuhioiH Ikjuom winch ■shall be distilled
within the United Stare- or the Tertitones thereof. 01 the
District of Columbia, the duties on winch shall not have
been paid. uecoKlmg to the tiue intent and meaning ot this
act, shall be fot <«jued, and mav be set/cd ji«s fot tVited by any
eolhcNu oi internal duties. 'Provided aliictys, That Mich
hqimr< and sp'iit^ shall not be liable to seizure and forteit-
uic, in the hands of a bona fide puieha-er, without notice
that the duties thereon have not been paid or secured to be
paid.
