1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
§1,200 per year, and enables him to employ the
negroes, men, women, and children, each at fifty
cents per day, and appropriates ten dollars for
each acre of land for the purpose of procuring
seeds, farming implements, &c. It appropriates
money for building warehouses, while the cities
of the South are being evacuated, leaving dwell-
ings and warehouses to be used by the new plant-
ers. It gives a broad discretion to the Secretary
of the Treasury to use the means of the Govern-
ment—unwillingly paid by a suffering people—for
the purpose of extending these Government oper-
ations, which will prove to be a cancer upon our
resources, that should rather be used in giving
comfort to the soldier engaged in the overthrow of
the rebellion.
Sir, in my own State there are thousands of
white men, "women, and children thrown out of
employment and made beggars in the world by
this war. They have left their farms, their prop-
erty has been taken, their slaves have gone to Kan-
sas, and they, the merest objects of charity, were
made the beneficiaries of forced levies upon the
' secessionists in otlier parts of the State. If the
Government should desire to go into a farming
business, no lands can be found on the continent
more fertile than those of Missouri, now aban-
doned by their owners; and if charity be the ob-
ject, no people arc more deserving than those who
have periled and lost everything in conscquence
of their devotion to the Union. I feared the effect
of such legislation upon the loyal sufferers in the
border States, and I am satisfied that it will not
be without its effect upon a large class in the north-
ern States, who do not believe that, in the exer-
cise of the Government's charity, discriminations
should be made in favor of the black man. But
I consoled myself in the belief that before this
measure could be passed through the House of
Representatives, and the necessary machinery pro-
vided by the President and Secretary for the op-
erations of this season, " seed time would have
passed," and the country be spared the humilia-
tion of another blunder on the negro question. If,
however, it becomes a law, I hope the Senator
from Connecticut will use his influence in secur-
ing a lease of the lands by the Government for
money, and not have them cultivated for a share
of the proceeds. The lessee will reop no profits,
and the Government's share will be but a fair pro-
portion of nothing. Should he fail in this, and the
worthy Secretary, infatuated with the exploded
humbug that " cotton is king," shall undertake
its culture on Government account, I still hope
that tli$ board of curators or guardians may be
induced to employ the laborers " by the piece,"
and not by the day; for although this plan may
result in a failure of the crop, it will secure the
Government against any payment, for no work
will be done in either event.
The commendable feature of the bill, Mr. Pres-
ident, is that which makes it the special duty of
the board to beg and beseech the blacks, in lan-
guage, however, " decent and humane," to betake
themselves to honest labor, and live in a manner
usual with u-spectable people. It is to be hoped
the board will not neglect this important duty.
Another proposition was made in the Senate,
which 1 find has been used for the purpose of ex-
citing the public mind, and reanimating the dying
spirit of rebellion. I allude to the resolutions of
the Senator from Massachusetts upon the relations
of the seceding States to the Union. If Senatois
knew the power with which these things tire used
to the prejudice of the loyal element of the coun-
try, they would exercise a little more caution in
the introduction and discussion of these meas-
ures. But already some Senator, honestly believ-
ing that every drop of blood shed in the war has
been drawn by slavery; that every weeping mother
or wife throughout the North may lay her woes
at the doors of this accursed institution, and that
every dollar expended in the prosecution of the
war is so much demanded by the cause of liberty
in its contest with slavery, is ready to exclaim,
" my patience is exhausted; I am tired of these
admonitions from sl&veholding States." So far
Senators will remember that "l have offered no
counsel. 1 feel my own weakness in ttie terrible
storm surrounding us. If my views are rejected,
I shall readily defer to the superior wisdom of
those around me. I may differ with you as to the
best mode of preserving the Union and perpetuat-
ing it with all its hopes and all its blessings; but
! that difference, with whatever of excitement and
i angry debate it may engender, shall never, never
; impel me to lift ahandagainst my country. If you
| commit errors, or outrage public sentiment, 1 want
i no other right of revolution than the ri^ht of the
ballot-box. "With the Constitution unimpaired,
we may yet appeal to the popular heart for the
approval of right and the redress of wrong.
I fear I can discover a growing want of charity
toward the position occupied by the border State
men. If you ask of me the denunciation of slave-
holders—thousands of whom from my State are
in the armies of the Union, and who are this day
willing to turn loose their slaves and lay them-
selves and their property as a sacrifice upon the
altar of the country—I tell you I cannot and will
not do it. If you ask of me or of loyal Missouri-
ansan unqualified condemnation of the iniquitous
assumption made by Mr. Stephens in the organ-
ization of the confederate government, " that its
foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests upon
the great truth that the negro is not equal to the
white man; that slavery, subordination to the su-
perior race, is his natural and normal condition;"
and that this is a "great physical, philosophical,
and moral truth, upon which governments should
be founded;" we are ready to join you in its de-
nunciation, and to war upon the government thus
founded until its flag shall be lowered and the flag
of ourfathersshall take its place. This is enough;
it is all that should be asked.
The Senator from Massachusetts should remem-
ber that the most effective weapon with which
loyal men fought the battles of the Union was the
fixed and unalterable attachment of good men to
the Constitution of the country. We urged that
the act of secession was void; that no State could
withdraw without an amendment of the Consti-
tution; that such an ordinance, like any other act
of a State contravening the provisions of the Fed-
eral Constitution, was absolutely null and of no
effect whatever; that by such act no right was ac-
quired by the State, no right was abdicated or for-
feited by it; that a State is but a municipal corpo-
ration, without will, without malice, without the
animus necessary to guilt or the commission of
crime, and cannot therefore in the eye of the law
be fclo de se. We urged upon the people what we
regarded as the true construction of the Constitu-
tion; that the Federal laws operated upon the in-
dividual citizen and not upon State governments;
that no act of secession could transfer the alle-
giance of the citizen or remove the obligation from
the Federal Government to protect him. Wc as-
sured him if he stood alone in the seceding State
the Government must protect him in person and
in property; that no State law coul & forfeit his—
the citizen's—rights, and that any attempt to sus-
tain such void act by force would subject the
offender to the punishment due to the crime of
treason. Shall we nowgo back to oureonstituents
and say to them, in shame and humiliation, we
were mistaken in the law ? The State had no right
to pass the act, it conferred no right upon any-
body, it is totally void; but we must confess that
although you periled your life in the midst of
mobs by defending your Government m defiance of
the act, it havmgpassod, you are thereby stripped
of yom property. Sir, we cannot do this thing.
Self-respect forbids it; the true interests of the
Government forbid it; the cause of truth and a
proper regard for the Constitution, in my view,
forbid it.
With these measures pending before us, the
President submits for our consideration a propo-
sition entirely new. It is a resolution in the fol-
lowing language:
Resolved, That the United States ought to cooperate with
any State which may adopt gradual abolishment of slavery,
giving to such State pecuniary aid to bo used by such State,
in its discretion, to compensate lot the lnconvcnicnces,
public and private, produced by such change of system.
The interpretations given to this measure are,
of course, as various as the views of the different
individuals who venture upon its construction.
My friend from Delaware, [Mr. Saul&bury,]
alive to the interests of his State, and fully de-
termined that no abolition inroads shall be made
upon it, concurs in many particulars with the
view of it taken by Wendell Phillips. Pic assumes
it to be the design of the President to renew sla-
very agitation in the bordci States, by holding out
a false promise of money consideration for prop-
erty rendered precarious by the condition of the
country; that the Constitution prohibits the pay-
ment of such consideration, and that none such
is designed by the friends of the measure.
The Senator from California, [Mr. McDou-
gall,] on the other hand,gives the President credit
for honesty and purity of purpose, but refuses his
support on the ground, first, that it is unconsti-
tutional, and second, that he will not commit his
State to the policy of paying money for the eman-
cipation of the slaves of other people. The Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] is astonished
that any opposition should be made to a measure
so just and conservative.
It is impossible for mo to know the secret de-
signs of the President, or any other friend of the
measure. I can only judge of their intentions
from the reasons assigned by themselves. The
President, in his argument in favor of the resolu-
tion, uses language which is construed by some
as a threat against the institution—an intimation
that it must be destroyed by force if not peaceably
abolished. He says:
" In the annual message last December, I thought fit to
say ( the Union must be preserved, and hence all indepen-
dable means mun be employed.' I said this not hastily, but
delibciately. War lias been made, and continues to be an
indispensable means to this end. A piactical reacknowl-
pdgtnent of the national authority would lender the war
unnecpss>aiy, and it would at once cease. If, however, re-
sistance continues, the wai must also continue, and it is
impossible to foresee all the incidents which may attend,
ami .ill the ruin which may follow it. Such as may seem
indispensable, or may obviously promise great efficiency to-
wards ending the struggle must and will come. The prop-
osition now made, though an offei only, I hope it may be es-
teemed no offense to at-k whether the pecumaiy considera-
tion tendeied would not be of more value to the States and
piivate peisons concerned than are the institution and prop-
erty in it, in the pic^uiit aspect of alfairs ? "
Mr. President, I do not coustruc this language
to be a tin eat, or intended to be offensive to the
representatives from the border States. It asserts
a fact which, however unpleasant to us, has long
since beon demonstrated as truth upon the soil of
Missouri. Every man is now ready to admit that
he did not, and could not " foresee all the inci-
dents" which thus far have attended this war, and
past experience forbids that we should be aston-
ished at any result m the future.
Why was this war forced upon us, and who
are its authors? However opposed I may be to
the nulical measures which I have indicated,and
which, no doubt, are largely attributable to the
feelings engendered by this unjustifiable war, yet
candor compels the Union men of the border
States to do justice to the President, and even to
his friends in Congress. This terrible revolution
was brought about by Mr. Yancey and his con-
federates,by inflaming the southern mind against
the dangers of abolition, which they knew to be
false. They drove the South to madness, to self-
destruction; and m the letter of Messrs. Yancey,
Rost,aud Mann, to Lord John Russell, they have
erected a monument of infamy to these conspira-
tors. They say, what every sensible man must
now admit, that:
"It was trom no fear that the slaves would be liberated
that secession took place. The very party in power has
proposed to guaranty slaveiy torever in the States, if the
South would but lemaiu in the Union. Mi. Lincoln's mes-
sage pioposes no freedom to the slave, but announces sub-
jection of his owner to the will of the Union—in other
words, to the will of the North. Even alter the battle of
IJalf Uun both branches of the Congioss at Wrwhmsrton
passed lesohmons that the war is only waged in onlerto
enlorce that (pio-slavery) Constitution, and to uphold the
laws; (many of them pro-slavery ;) and out of one hundred
and seventy-two votes in the lower House, they received
all but two, and in the Seriate all but one vote. A- the Anny
commenced its nmieh, the commanding general Issued an
ordei that no slaves should be received into or allowed to
follow the camp."
Now, sir, what has been the result of this un-
necessary strife upon my State. In 1860 our slave
population was one hundred and fourteen thou-
sand nine hundred and sixty-five, and although
we stood as a peninsula in the great ocean of free
soil around us, I hazard the assertion to-day that
no property was more secure m the State than
slave property. It was so regarded by everybody.
Our white population at the same period was up-
wards of one million. How is it now? I doubt
whether there are fifty thousand slaves in the
State. The secessionists charged that the brigade
commanded by the Senator from Kansas, sitting
near me, seized their slaves and took them out of
the State, and in order to retaliate they, as I learn,
have taken hundreds, perhaps thousands, into
Arkansas from Union men in the State, to be de-
livered overtu their injured friends. In addition
