870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
is said tp cast suspicion on all the other evidence adduced
by-thtrparty guilty of malpractice. e Quel semeleU mains,
semper pr&sicmitur esse mains in eodem genere.
In the case of DoeD. Beanland us. Hirst, Bay-
ley, judge, is reported to have told the jury that
they were to consider the circumstance of the
erasure in a certain deed, observing that a man
who was capable of makmg an alteration in one
deed might be capable of suppressing another, if
within his power. And the presumption arising
from the fabrication or corruption of instruments
of evidence is even stronger than from the sup-
pression or destruction of them. A person found
guilty of fraud or crime in one part of that trans-
action is presumed by the law to be guilty of fraud
in respect to everything in relation to that same
transaction. Instead of these officers, after they
had counted those ballots, returning them to the
box again, the presumption is that they did no
such thing, but that they put there different bal-
lots. After the evidence of the contestant was
closed in this case, the sitting member called the
election officers and they were examined. There
were five of them in each election district. In the
fourth division of the seventh ward the judge,
the clerks,and the two inspectors belonged to the
Democratic party; but there were there also three
officers called watchers, appointed by the court,
who were in attendance. In the second division
of the third ward there were also five officers,
two of whom belonged to the Bell and Everett
party, and theother three to the Democratic party.
In the second division of the second ward three
of the officers were Republicans and two Demo-
crats. They were examined upon all matters per-
taining to that election, and for the purpose of
showing the character of that evidence, I propose
to have read the testimony of one of these officeis.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"George II. Kendall,a Witness pioduced, and being duly
sworn, to the questions propounded, deposes and says as
follows:
"Examination by Mr. Ilirst.
" Question. Weie you an officer at the October election
last year, in the second division, thud ward?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I was the inspector
" Question. Who were the other office!5 ?
u Ansiver. The other inspector was Thomas Biown ;
Joseph Ellis was the judge ; the clerka weie Isaac B. Cuiin
and D M. Skellinger.
" Question. Did you assist in the counting of the votes,
after the election was eloped, for Congress?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Who else counted?
"Answer. Mr. Brown, Mr. Elli*, and myself.
" Question. Descube how they vveic counted.
"Answer. We opened the box, emptied the tickets on
the table ; wc then opened them, placed each party ticket,
the full uekct, by themselves ; we put the scratched ticket?;
in a pile by themselves. 1 then picked up the ticket*., the
full tickets, I picked them out one at a time, and handed
them down on tlu; table to Mr. Blown, ten in number ; Mr.
Brown then looked at them, to see that they were light,
and handed them to Mr. Ellis, the judge: Mr. Ellis called
out the names, and as he called out separately, tue clerks,
tallied down by a cio^s, making ten for,.each bundle; he
then twisted the bundle and thiew it in the box. I kept on
with the tickets, handing them to Mi. Brown one at a time,
ten in number; he would look at ihcm, and hand them to
Mr. Ellis; Mr. Ellis would look at them, to see il'they
were right, twist them, and throw them into the box, and
cry i tally' to the clerks; we kept on m that way until we
countcd all the tull tickets as far as they lan, ten in a bun-
dle ; then, if there were odd tickets over alter we got all
the tens, we counted them, and the clerks set them on a
piece of paper separately; then we would take the sciatched
tickets, and commence at the head name on the ticket,
until we got ten ; then the clerks would get tally one : all
scratched tickets wqte kept by themselves; every man's
name was called oft'sepaiatelv up to ten, when he got tally ;
and if he had not ten votes, it was setdowu so many votes.
" Question. What was the vote of that division for Con-
gress i
l> Ansu-cr. W. E. Lehman had 117 votes, Mr. Butler had
112 vote, and Edward King had 59 vote*.
" Question. l)ul you place the ballots in the box and seal
it up ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
<c QwcsUon. State what number of votes for Congress
were placed m the box and scaled up.
"Answer. One hundred and seventeen for W. E. Leh
man, 112 for J. M. Butler, and 59 for Ed. King.
" Question. Have you any doubt that that was the tiue
vote ?
" Answer. No, sir ; net the least.
" Question. A box has been produced here on hehaif of
Mr. Butler, and counted, containing 92 votes forW. E.
Lehman. ]."/ vote-; for J. M. Butler, and 3-5 votes lor Ed-
waid Km?; wcie these the contents ot the box of yuut di-
vision as you sealed it up?
" Answer. That i^- not the vote we sealed.
" Question Have you any doubt about it?
" Artsuer. I have doubts or that being the vote ; that is
not the vote we sealed."
Mr. WORCESTER. We have, then, three
witnesses as to two of these boxes, all testifying
to the like facts,and four witnesses as to the third
box. There were, as has lieen said, eight other
election officers in attendance at the polls, and if
these' witnesses of the sitting member were not
worthy of credit, it was competent for the contest-
ant to call those not examined. JBut there was no
other objection to this testimony; it was compe-
tent for the contestant to call other election judges;
or if he did not choose to do that, he could have
called the men who voted for him in each of those
election districts, and who were of the same po-
litical party with him, and have proved what the
real facts were. But he has attempted no such
thing; and the presumption is, from hisnotcalling
them, that if he had called them upon the stand
they would have testified substantially to the same
facts that these witnesses have testified to. So that
the case stands as to the sitting member substan-
tially as if every election officer had been before
the committee and had testified as these have done.
But it is claimed upon the part of the contestant
that the testimony of these election officers adds
no weight to these official returns. We concede
that, so far as these returns are official papers, it
would add no weight to them. All we have to do
in regard to papers of this kind is to produce
them, to identify them, to authenticate them,and
then they prove themselves.
But the contestant in this case has undertaken
to go behind the returns. He has attacked them
as fraudulent. He has undertaken to show that
they are not worthy of credit for the reason that
they were fraudulent. He has gone back to the
ballot-boxes for the purpose of showing that the
number of votes received for these candidates re-
spectively was not truly stated. Now, we follow
him upon the ground which he has chosen, and
we, too, go behind the returns. Wc produce these
election officers, who were there during the whole
time the polls were opened, who first leceived the
votes from the voters themselves and put them in
the box, and who, after they were received into the
boxes, took them from the boxes, and then, be-
fore the returns were made up, counted them one
by one. And they tell you how it was done; that
the judge would receive them first from the box,
open them, cail off the name, and hand it to the
inspector, and the clerk would enter them upon
the tally list.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. It appears from the leport of the
minority of the committee that the aggregate vote
claimed to have beew given for Butler by the re-
count is 172. I judge from the digest which is
given of the laws of Pennsylvania that a tally list
was kept of the electors voting at the election.
The question which 1 desire to propound to my
colleague is this: which most clearly corresponds
with the number of electors appearing upon the
tally list, the original count or the recount?
Mr. WORCESTER. I was coming to that
point. In the first place, I referred to the list of
voters, which was kept by the clerks as the votes
wore deposited. Those lists of voters agreed in
number precisely with the number of votes in the
official returns—that is, the aggregate number.
These tally lists which were kept by the clerks,
and which are the antecedents of the certificate
made up by the judge, correspond not only in the
aggregate, but they correspond as to the number
of votes throughout the whole district. In these
divisions, the fourth and seventh of the fourth
ward, and the second of the third ward, and third
of the second ward, the tally lists, which are the
antecedents of the certificate, and which wc give
among other evidence, perfectly agree with the
certificate of returns.
But, it is said that these officers named in the
report of the minority of the committee, would
not be likely to testify that these returns they had
made were false. We hope they would not be
likely to give any such testimony. Ordinarily
we rely upon the verity of these returns, and we
believe that every man who holds a seat upon this
floor relies upon that verity for his seat here.
And more than that, if they were disposed to swear
that their returns were false, the law would not
I permit them to do it; for the rule of hi w upon that
■ subject is that no person alleging his own turpi-
| tude shall be heard.
But it is said that the sitting member, in order
to lebutthis testimony, must show that the ballot-
boxes have been tampered with. I would ask
how that would go to disprove the case which the
contestant has made, or claimed to have made?
How would the fact that these ballot-boxes were
tampered with on the 1st of January, I860, go to
rebut the proof that the election officers, on the
night of the 9th of October, made a false return—
false count—of those votes? That return might
have been false; the count may have been false,
and yet these three boxes might have been opened
and the votes changed every day from* the 9th of
October until the time the testimony was taken.
The one fact would not in the least degree be in-
consistent with the other.
I have said that the contestant produced no tes-
timony before the committee m respect to whom
it was who put those ballots into those boxes.
The case is entirely barren of any testimony bear-
ing upon that point. All the evidence which has
been produced upon that point was produced by
the sitting member; and we have shown by the
election officers—I may say by the five election
officers in each case—who were present, and who
acted in making those returns, that the very votes
which they received at the election were by them
deposited that night in those ballot-boxes. And
that is the only testimony before the committee,
and the only testimony before this House, as to
the votes that were put there by these election offi-
cers after the election was concluded. If those
witnesses arc to be credited—and 1 know no rea-
son why they are not to be credited—there is proof
full and conclusive that these boxes have been
tampered with, if the contents were different at
the time this testimony was taken from what they
were upon the eve of the 9th of October. Suppose
it be admitted that these men put these ballots in
those boxes on the night of the 9th of October,
and that on the next day there was nothing there.
Though no person saw the boxes opened, yet
would it not bo as conclusive that the boxes had
been opened as if any number of persons had seen
the thing done? I can draw no other conclusion
from the"testimony. This seems to my mind con-
clusiveeviderice that those boxes have been opened
since that election, and that their contents have
been tampered with.
We think there is evidence before the House,
not only that the boxes were tampered with, but
that they were tampered with by design. The
minority of the committee, in the attention they
have given to this subject, have taken pains to as-
certain the comparative vote of the contestant with
that of such other officers as were candidates of
the same party, and who ran at the same time
upon that ticket. There were voted for in that
election by the Republican party, a candidate for
Governor, a candidate for senator, for State rep-
resentative, and for Congress—all in this same
first district of Pennsylvania. We have taken the
pains to compare the vote of this contestant with
that of each particular candidate upon the same
ticket with him, and wc find, as a general rule,
that he had throughout the whole distiict and in
the different divisions of the district, a less num-
ber of votes than the other candidates who ran
with him upon the same ticket, and that his aggre-
gate vote was less in that district than that of the
candidate for Governor, Curtin, by 18*2.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RIDDLE obtained the floor.
Mr. WORCESTER. With the permission of
the House, 1 should like to say a few words fur-
ther.
Mr. DAV/ES. I hope" the gentleman will have
that opportunity.
Mr. RIDDLE. I will yield my colleague a
portion of my time.
Mr. WORCESTER. I was going on to say
that in all the divisions in the second ward ex-
cept, I think, but two, Mr. Butler had a less num-
ber of votes than the candidate of his party for
Governor. In the second division of the second
ward, according to the official returns, he had 5
less votes than the Governor, and that was about
the average in that ward. There arc in that-yaid
eleven divisions. Mr. Butler runs behind his
ticket in that ward 50 votes; so that 5 would be
about the average in each division of the ward.
If this gam, which he claims from the recount,
should be allowed him, he would be ahead of his
ticket in the second division 20 votes, and a larger
number of votes ahead of his ticket than he is in
any other voting district m the congressional dis-
trict. In the third ward he runs behind his ticket
in every division except two, and in these two
divisions he leceived the same number of votes as
