3312
THE COMSEESSIOWM, GLOBE.
July 14.
Congress shall prescribe for them a foriA of gov-
ernment. Such exercise of power has never been
submitted to by the people of this country since
the day our fathers declared the independence of
the colonies; prior to that, forms of government
were prescribed for them by the British Crown.
The exercise of such a power by Congress, if sub-
mitted to by the people of West Virginia, would
not only affect them, but it would be an assertion
of power over a free people that would alarm the
fears of the patriot and encourage the traitor in
arms. The people of West Virginia value con-
stitutional liberty; they do not look alone to their
interests, isolated and disconnected from the inter-
ests of their fellow-citizens throughout the entire
country. In proof of this I will take occasion to
read some remarks which I had the honor of sub-
mitting to the convention when this very propo-
sition was before it, in June of last year, and the
convention acted in accordance with the sugges-
tions of the remarks which I shall read; ana to
show that their devotion tothis Union is higher
and greater than any other consideration that in-
fluences them, and that they were then willing, ir
it would in the slightest degree complicate the
difficulties that then surrounded us, and still sur-
round us, to forego for the time action upon their
proposed separation., I read from the National
Intelligencer of the 22d of June, 1861:
" The objects of the new State organization in Western
Virginia wore very clearly stated in the Wheeling conven-
tion, on the 14th instant, by Mr. John S. Carlile, a prom-
inent mover in the new movement. We copy Ins conclud-
ing remarks from the report ol the Wheeling Intelligencer:
<■ * Let u-i pursue the policy laid down in the declaration,
and lot ti'S repudiate Letcher and his tran^fei; let ua assem-
ble. a Legislature hereof our own,sworn to^uppoit, not the
.southern confederacy constitution, but that which Wash-
ington ,ind Madu-on fotmed ; the Constitution ofour father*,
under which we have giown and prospered as never people
grew and prospered before.
k{  Let u.n maintain our position under that tree of liberty
watered by the blood and tears of the patriots of the Revo-
lution, planted by them, its roots having taken deep and
firm hold in the hearts of a great people; and having, from
a little spot of earth, s.piead from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
mnbiacmg, I might say, a continent, and spreading its
branched oi protection over the whole unbounded land. Let
us oigatuze a Legislature swearing allegiance to that Gov-
ernment, and let that Legislature be recognized by the Uni-
ted States Government as the Legislature of Virginia.
" 'Then we have still a direct lecognitlon of the protect-
ing care of our ancient Government, and then we will eifect
this separation. Hut now, with no Legislature recognized
as owing allegiance to the Constitution of the United States,
we coulU not do it.
"{With the Legislature recognized as still the Legislature
of tin; State, with Virgmiain the Union, with aLegiaiatuie
recognized by the Government of the United States, and
with its assent to our separation, our way Is clear. And if
the southern confederacy dares to interpose, we have the
Htrung arm of that same old Government to be thrown
around us and to shelter us from harm.
" 'Let us, then, go on as wc propose. Let us be recognized
as the true and lawful authouties, speaking for and on he-
half of the loyal people of the whole State of Virginia.
Give m that recognition, and then the separation will
eonie. And here I say that one of the fnst acts ( ahull per-
form, if no one else doe* it—and I believe it a duty 1 owe
to the people who have honored me with a seat in Con-
gress— will be to obtain from that body a legislative dec-
laration recognizing this Legislature as the Legisiatme of
the State ; and then let my friends, the representatives, as-
bentto it, and my word for it, we will be the State ofNew
Virginia.
v£ {It is a mere Question now of whether we shall wait un-
til we are solemnly recognized as the true, legal, constitu-
tional representatives of the people of Virginia, or whether
we shall now attempt an impossibility; for every man who
toil! reflect a moment will know that until rebellion is
ciushed no assent will be attained for our separation from
Hie rebellious portion o( this atynte.
• l uf, Mr, there is anotherohjeet which I have at heart.
Two great objects influence and govern my actions.. The
I am tiee to s>ay, the dearest, the highest, and the
nearer my heart, is the perpetuity of the Union. Keep-
ing torever undimrned the thirty-tour Mars that now deck
the constellation of our national ensign, adding to thein,as
we have done, star after star; when tli.tt is done, when
safety and peipetutty are again secured to that flag, then
we can consider our own State interests; then weeaneon-
sidei the intciests of our immediate section of tins Suite;
but until then we owe it to our loyal brothers throughout
the length and breadth of this great laud to stand by them
and aid thein in renting a crime the greatest that has ever
been attempted to be perpetrated on humanity.
" c Let us do this succeed in this, and we will succeed
in all we desire in a veiy short time. Let us bring peace
again to our Loudoun, Alexandiia,and Hampsluretnends-
Let our Mothers over the mountains, tlnough our aid and
as-istarice, and that of this great and good Government
of oms again see harmony throughout the land, again sit
mound their hearthstones with their families, and again
instil in tfie quiet hours of peace the lessons the Father of
Ins Country lias bequeathed to us in his Farewell Address.
Then we may say to the'm,k we love you still as brothers,
but your interests and ways and ours are diverse. Let this
line be drawn between us. We will have two separate and
distinct sovcreigu States, but brethren we will aii be Amer-
ican citizens.'"
Sir, I have no fear of &ny responsibility that I
may assume in the conscientious and honest dis-
charge of my representative duty here, with such
a record as that to which I have briefly referred
upon this subject. On the contrary, instead of as-
suming responsibilities, I feel thSt I am bat carry-
ing out the will sftid the wishes of that people. I
feel that I am but acting in accordance with what
would be the desire of the representatives in the
Legislature who sent to us this memorial, pray-
ing their admission under the constitution which
is now before the body. The early accomplish-
ment of the object, of course, is desirable. No
one could desire it more than I do. But when I
find we will not hasten the accomplishment of that
object; when I find that we have to go over this
session of Congress; when I find that under no
circumstances can we get into the Union until the
next session of Congress, I greatly prefer that that
mode to which 1 referred shall be pursued by our
people of their o"^n motion, making a constitu-
tion for themselves, and if they desire they can
make it in accordance with the suggestions given
to us by the Senate, and comc here ready, pre-
pared, without any conditions to be imposed, to
seek admission into the family of States on the
meeting of Congress on the first Monday of De-
cember next. It will not delay therefore at all our
admission. Theamendmentof my colleague con-
templates a delay now to a point of time beyond
which there is any necessity for our remaining out
of the Union as a separate State.
But, sir,, there are other considerations. The
great object that I have in view is unanimity among
our people. The great object I have in view is to
prevent anything like divisions and dissensions,
and to heal up what we have. We have too many
already; and I know that if you attempt to im-
pose upon that people conditions in their organic
act without consulting them, such an attempt will
be viewed by them as an assertion of powers not
conferred upon you by the Constitution. The
people of Northwestern Virginia have given abun-
dant evidence that they know their rights, and
knowing, dare maintain them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Virginia a question.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does he not belong
to the party thatundertook to place conditions on
the admission of Kansas into the Union under a
constitution formed by her?
Mr. CARLILE. No, sir. I will say, if my
record is worth anything to the Senator from Kan-
sas, the first time I ever differed in my life with
the Democratic party after I'arrived at maturity,
was upon the passage of that very Kansas-Ne-
braska bill in 1854; and I was elected in opposi-
tion to the organization of that party a member of
the other branch of Congress in the spring of 1855.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from Virginia give way to enable me to
have a committee of conference appointed on a bill
which has been returned from the House/
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly. yjf
SOLDIEllS CONFINED IN PENITENTIARY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to consider its amendments
to the bill of the House (No. 524) prohibiting the
confinement of persons in the military service of
the United States in the penitentiary of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, except as a punishmentforcer-
tain crimes, and to discharge therefrom certain
convicts by sentence of courts-martial, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the sani bill disagreed to by the Uouse of Representatives,
and.agree to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wilson of Massachusetts, Mr. Lane of Indiana,
and Mr. Wilkinson.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on the
12th instant, the following acts and joint resolu-
tions;
A joint resolution (S. No. 80) authorizing'the
J§tate of Minnesota to change the line of certain
branch railroads in said State, and for bther pur-
A joint resolution (S.No. 82) to provide ior the
presentation of " medals of honor " to the enlisted
men of the Army and volunteer forces who have
distinguished or. may distinguish themselves in
battle during the present rebellion;
A joint resolution (S. No. 76) relating to the
compensation of Senators elected or appointed to
fill vacancies;
A joint resolution (S. No. 78) to suspend all
payments under the act approved March 25,1862,
entitled " An act to secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the Western department or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension," and for other purposes; ^
A joint resolution (S. No. 93) in relation to
contracts-with the United States;
An act (S. No. 119) confirming a land claim in
the State of Iowa, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 318) for relief in the land claim
in California known as the claim of Francisco
Soberanes to a tract of land known as " Saujon
dc Santa Rita;"
An act (S.JNo. 371) for the relief of Fanny
Mactier Smith;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 2, 1862;
An act (S.No. 351) supplementary to "An act
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia," approved
April 16, 1862; and
An act (S. No. 316) to provide for the pay-
ment of fines and penalties collected by or paid to
the justices of the peace of the District of Colum-
bia, under the act of Congress approved the 3d
and 5th of August, 1862, and for other purposes.
MESSAGE FROte THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 280) to establish and equalize the grades of
line officers in the United States Navy.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 348) for
the better government of the Navy of the United
States.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in -the resolu-
tion of the Senate fixing a day for the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor. Does he
yield to the Senator from Michigan ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
yield to allow us to pass a couple of bills that will
not lead to any discussion and will only occupy
aboutthree minutes. They are believed by theSec-
retary of the Treasury to be important, and I- wish
them to go to tb6 House of Representatives to-
day. If the Senator will yield, I shall feel greatly
obliged to him.
Mr. CARLILE. I yield.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Not only must
the Senator from Virginia yield, but it also requires
the unanimous consent of the whole Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is any objection,
I will not ask ir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being interposed, the bills will be entertained, and
put on their passage.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill (S.-No. 202) requiring the commanders
of American vessels sailing to foreign ports to take
the oath of allegiance.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It dire'ets that thecommanders of all
American vessels sailing from ports in the United
States to foreign ports, during the continuance of
the present rebellion, shall be required to take the
