2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
thereon ha\e not been paid or secured to be paid."
If the collector gives notice that the duties are not
paid to the man who is purchasing the property,
1 think it ought to he held, but if not it ought not
to be held.
Mr. COWAN. I do not think there is much
difficulty in determining whatis the mischief which
this section intended to remedy. The duties are
duo and payable upon the sale or removal for con-
sumption or sale. Now, suppose a purchaser col-
ludes with the owner and gets this liquor into his
possession without the proper inquiries having
been made and without theduties having been paid:
then, as I understand, it is forfeited in his hands,
but, by the proviso, if it passes into the hands of
a third person without notice of this fraud on the
revenue, it is not to be forfeited.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty is that it
may be removed before. He is to render an ac-
count every ten days of what he has sold, and,
therefore, he is not to pay the duties on what he
has actually sold until after that.
Mr. COWAN. That is true. The forfeiture
only occurs where the transaction is in fraud of
the revenue. I say it is well expressed. That is
the evident meaning.
Mr FESSENDEN. I will omit making any
amendment to this section for the present, and pro-
ceed to offer my other amendments. In the sec-
tion which we have incorporated as section fifty-
five, on page 57, I wish to make some verbal
amendments. In line nine, after the word "sale,"
I move to insert "or, "and after" sold," in line ten
to insert "or removed for consumption or sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ( stated the other day
that billiard tables had been provided for in the
section with regard to licenses. I was mistaken
in that; and I propose to make some amendments
there to insert them. In the nineteenth division
of the section m regard to licenses, I move to in-
sert, in the one hundred and eighty-seventh line,
after the words " bowling alleys," " and billiard
tallies;" so that it will read: " bowling alleys and
billiard tables shall pay according to the number
of alleys," &e.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. i''ESSENDEN. After the word " alleys,"
in the one hundred and eighty-eighth line, I move
to nisei t the words "or tables."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "alley,"
in the one hundred and eighty-ninth line, I move
to insert the words " or table."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "alley,"
in line one hundred and ninety, I move to insert
the words " or table."
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "alley,"
in line one hundred and ninety-one, 1 move to
insert the words "or table."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the words " bowls
are thrown," in the one hundred and ninety-sec-
ond line, I move to insert the words "or billiards
played."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". After the word " alley,"
ill line one hundred and ninety-three, I move to
insert the words " (,r billiard table, respectively."
The amendment was agreed tu.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I desire to makean amend-
ment in (.no nineteenth line of the eighty-sixth sec-
tion, page lS4,in order to make it conform to a pre-
vious amendment. After the word "telegraph,"
I move to insert the words " steamboat, ferrv
boat." 1
i'he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. in order to meet the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
wright,] 1 wish to move an amendment to be |
aatlcd at the end of the new section inserted by
the committee, on page 120, as section ei>hty-six:
1.™ iVra°n m^nls"a!1 be p'lid lbr eve,'y P s WHsuert
for to the Treasury.' ** °r who '"haM account tliere-
Mr. SUMNER. I question whether the phrase
KCT- ,ntbal —" •"
Mr FESSENDEN. Well,sir, I would thank
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to correct it if ho will. If the phraseology
is wrong, I should like to have it corrected.
Mr. SUMNER. I should say, " any minis-
ter or consul of the United States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Now let it be read as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And alike amount shall bo paid for every passport issued
by any foreign miniver or consul of the United States, who
shall account theiefor to the Treasury.
Mr. BROWNING. Would that also include
charges ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are all ministers
resident now.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin has submitted an amendment to this
section. Does he withdraw it?
Mr. HOWE. For the present, I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe we have now
finished the first reading of the bill, except as
regards the duty on cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer two or three
amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to ask the Senator
whether he offers them by direction of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I suppose they are
in order.
Mr, SHERMAN. Upon one of them the com-
mittee was equally divided; but I am authorized
to present them. In the twenty-second line of the
seventy-first section, page 86,1 move to strike out
" five/' and insert " two;" so that it will read:
On lard oil, mustard seed oil, linked oil, and on all ani-
mal or vegetable oils not exempted nor provided tor else-
where, whcthei pure or adulteiated, two cents per gallon.
I will state that the committee changed the duty
on candles from a specific duty to three percent.
ad valorem. It was deemed to be best to retain a
specific duty on the oil. However, a duty of two
cents a gallon is just a little more than three per
cent, ad valorem, and it is a duty corresponding
with the other duties levied by this bill on man-
ufactured articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to state that this amendment was adopted in
committee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I had leave from
the committee to offer it, but I understood the
committee were equally divided upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
how much it reduces the duty?
Mr. SHERMAN. It reduces it from five cents
to two cents a gallon. The present duty of five
cents a gallon is equivalent to eightand two thirds
per cent, on linseed oil and lard oil. Lard oil is
an article which is brought into direct competi-
tion with candles, which pay a duty of three per
cent, ad valorem. Linseed oil, as you all know,
is merely the expressed juice of the flaxseed. It
is subject to the very heavy duty of eight and two
thirds per cent. I have had a great many letters
from various persons on this subject; and I think
a duty of three per ccnt.arf valorem is as much as
ought to be levied on this manufactured article.
There is no reason in the world why there should
be a discrimination against the manufacture of
linseed oil or lard oil. The average price is about
sixty cents per gallon. The duty laid in the bill
as it now stands of five cents a gallon is equiva-
lent to eight and two thirds per cent. A duty of
two cents is equivalent to a little more than three
per cent., and is a little higher than the general
rate of duty on manufactured articles.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
he will not put it at three cents. The House will
be more likely to agree to it if he does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the House will have
no objection to it. The amount as it now stands
is certainly too high, and I suppose was put in
reflecting on the value of the articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire either now or at
some other time, as it will excite some discussion,
to offer an ^amendment in regard to the tax on
spirits. If there are other amendments to be
offered now, 1 will not move it at present.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment that will give rise to no debate whatever. It
is a mero verbal amendment. In the second line of
the thirty-eighth section, page 40, after the word
"act," I move to insert the words, " except
within those districts within any State or Terri-
tory which have been or may be otherwise spe-
cially provided for by law;" so that it will read,
" that the officers who may be appointed under
this act, except within those districts within any-
State or Territory which have been or may be oth-
erwise provided for by law, shall be, and hereby
are, authorized," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I propose a slight amend-
ment in the eighteenth line of the thirty-ninth
section, page 41. I move to strike out the word
"April," in that line, and insert "June." As
the section now stands, it requires all licenses for
distilling to expire on the 1st of April, and the
proviso to the section does not allow them to be
granted for longer than six months. All of the
small distilleries usually run about six months,
commencing the 1st of December and ending about
the 1st of June; and it would certainly be much
better for their interest if the license were to run
to the 1st of June. I have received communica-
tions to that effect from various distillers, who
make fine whisky, such as some Senators are sup-
posed to taste occasionally. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. That amendment would be in-
judicious. The 1st of April is the proper day, as
that is the day in this country when tenements
change hands under leases. The idea of the com-
mittee was, that when a man took a license for
his business, which he carried on in a leased ten-
ement, the license should expire when his lease
of the tenement expired. It had better remain as
it is.
Mr. POWELL. The 1st of June would be
much better. Small distilleries usually commence
about the 1st of December, when the grain grown
that year is fit to be ground, and end about the 1st
of June. I have received communications from a
great many who desire this change to be made.
Very few of these establishments are leased.
Usually, the distillers are men who raise a large
portion of the grain they distill. It would cer-
tainly be much better for their interest, and work
no injury to the Government, to have it the 1st of
June.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the one hundred and
ninety-first line, page 144, I move to amend the
clause relating to probate of wills by inserting,
after the word ''dollars," the words, "and not
exceeding $150,000;" and then, after "twenty
dollars," to insert "and for every additional
$50,000, or fractional part thereof, ten dollars;"
so that it will read: 44 exceeding $100,000,and not
exceeding$150,000, twenty dollars. And for every
additional $50,000, or fractional part thereof, ten
dollars." As the bill nowstands, there is no tax
over twenty dollars on any estate, however large,
and the object of the amendment is to put a tax of
ten dollars on every $50,000 of the estate over
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the sixty-first line, page
142, in the schedule of stamp duties, after the
word "description," I move to insert the words,
"other than in legal proceedings and;" so that
the clause will read, "bond of any description-
other than in legal proceedings, and not otherwise-
charged in this schedule, twenty-five cents." It
was evidently the intention of the ftamers of this-
schedule—at least I suppose that was their inten-
tion—to levy a stamp duty upon bonds that were
executed for parties who had been elected to office,
and money bonds. This clause would operate
unequally. For instance, in some States parties
are required to give bonds for the payment of
costs. This clause would eaver a bond to take
an appeal from a magistrate up to the circuit or-
district or common pleas court; while in other-
States no such bond is required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator,
instead of the words he has proposed, to say,
" otherthan such as are required in legal proceed-
ings."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In the fifth line of the fourth sec-
tion of the bill, page 4, Imove to insert, after the
word "with," the words, " notless than five;"so
that it will read:
That before any such collector shall enter upon the du-
ties of his office, lie shall execute a bond for such amount
