THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
bart of the election judges. Well, sir, in this
blubbering world, a good deal may be charged to
the account of mere accident; but when we are
asked to presume that oriehundred and seventy-
two independent and distinct blunders have all
happened in this one case, then I say that gentle-
men are indeed challenging the credulity of the
Ilouse. They say that each and every one of
these ballots were miscounted through mistake;
and when you come to aggregate this amazing
accumulatidn ofmistakes, you find that they reach
the round sum of one hundred and seventy-two.
Committed by whom? By a single individual?
Not at all. Committed by two, three, four, six,
eight, ten, or a dozen? No. The proof is that it
implicates just exactly ninety. Ninety gentlemen
have thus, by a singular concatenation of blun-
ders, conspired through mere accident to commit
this mistake, not once, but one hundred and sev-
enty-two distinct and separate times. I say, sir,
that the thing is too staggering. It is not to be
accounted for upon any hypotheses that control,
tlie mistakes and blunders of men.
And more than that—and here comes the most
remarkable and singular feature of this most
strange chapter of human mistakes and blunders
—every one of them was made on one side. Sin-
gular and startling as it may seem, every mistake
was made against the contestant. 1 say, that such
an amazing feature running through this startling
chapter of accidents is too much for human cre-
dulity. It cannot be accounted for upon any such
hypothesis as the majority of the Committee of
Elections present. If it had been a single mis-
take; if it had been a single blunderer if it had
been a series of mistakes made bya single man,
or pertaining to a single ward; if there was such
uncertainty as to leave the question quivering in
the balance, we might charitably suppose an acci-
dent might account for the difference. But, sir,
there is no process of reasoning which will tol-
erate our belief in such an accumulation of such
overwhelming systematic blunders and accidents,
all in one direction, all conspiring to produce ohc
result, without one mistake happening the other
way. .The only possible hypothesis by which it
can be accounted for is, that this most remark-
able series of mistakes happened by design.
This, sir, is all 1 desire to say on this subject.
Mr. McKEAN. Mr. Speaker, here are two
hundred printed pages of testimony, one hundred
and ninety-five of which may as well be stricken
out, so far as enabling us to arrive at a correct
conclusion as to the merits of this case is con-
cerned. And, sir, as the testimony bearing upon
the case is very short, as the points arising in the
case are very few, my remarks shall be very brief.
The sitting member in this case is the sitting
member betiansu of a certificate which is not a cer-
tificate. In other words, because of a certificate
that never was signed by anybody, and which
certificate gave him, in the particular division to
which it referred, a majority sufficient to have
turned the scale in favor of the contestant. This
paper which is claimed to be a certificate gives
the sitting member a majority in that division of
179 votes over the contestant, and in the whole
congressional district secured to him, according
to the returns as made out, a majority of 132 votes.
If that certificate, which is no better, nay, worse,
than a blank piece of paper, were stricken out of
the case, the contestant would have been the sit-
ting member by a small majority.
But, sir, the majority as well as the minority of
the committee give him thatcertificate. They are
more than just; they are generous—some might
say, too liberal, too generous; but however that
may be, none of the committee withhold the votes
given to him by that blank certificate, by virtue of
which he is the sitting member here to-day.
How then stands the contest? The sitting mem-
ber starts with 167 votes given to him by virtue of
a piece of paper signed by nobody. "With that
advantage conceded by the members of the Com-
t mittee oi Elections, he starts. Certainly, then, he
has not been prejudiced, to that extent; certainly,
neither he nor his friends can claim that there "is
any picjudice against his case.
Air. LEHMAN. I will ask the gentleman
fiom New York whether it was not conceded by
every member of the committee that these votes
were to be counted ?
Mr. McKEAN. I say it is conceded that they
are to be counted.
Mr. LEHMAN. "Was not that vote conceded
by every member of the committee as the correct
vote, and not made a matter of disputation at all?
Mr. McKEAN. Sir, when the fact was first
brought to the attention of the committee, I was
not with them. 1 afterwards, on learning the con-
clusion of the committee in reference to it, gave
my assent. I only allege this fact here to show
the fairness with which that gentleman has been
and is to be treated.
Now, sir, upon the. papers of the case, one of
which, as I have said, is a blank piece of paper,
the gentleman who occupies the seat is conceded
to be prima facie the member from the first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania. But the con-
testant goes behind these papers; he causes to be
examined the contents of eleven boxes—boxes
purporting tobe,orclaimcd to be, boxes contain-
ing the votes cast in eleven divisions of that con-
gressional district. It is worthy of notice by the
members of the House that, when these eleven
boxes were produced to be examined, and were
examined, but one of them was disputed, and that
was disputed because it had not been referred to
in the specifications of the contestant. If my mem-
ory serves me right, this was the box of the ninth
division of the fourth ward. Rejecting that box,
the contents of the other ten boxes were counted,
and they gave to the contestant a majority of 167
votes.
Mr. LEHMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New York to say that the testimony,
as made up by the committee, gives the contestant
a majority of 167 votes?
Mr. McKEAN. If I said a majority, I should
have said a gain of that number of votes. But it
is now claimed, and was claimed before the com-
mittee, although it does not seem to have been
claimed at the time of the counting, that even if
the identity of those boxes ought not to be dis-
puted, they have been tampered with. Now, sir,
as to those three boxes—and the dispute turns
upon three only—I ask who had the custody of
them ? The proper officers of the law, who were
the political enemies, and one of them the bitter
personal enemy, of the contestant.
Mr. "WORCESTER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York a question.
Mr. McKEAN. I would rather make my re-
marks than answer questions; but I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. WORCESTER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if there was any testimony before the com-
mittee as to the political character of the custodians
of those boxes? I recollect none.
Mr. McKEAN. I think the fact was asserted
and admitted.
Mr. WORCESTER. I do not rccollect any
testimony on that point nor any admissions.
Mr. DAWES. I am surprised at the remark of
my friend. It was a matter of discussion. The
arguments of the counsel rested upon it. It was
ad mittcd, and certainly was never a matter of doubt
before the committee for a moment. The political
character of each one of these officers was admit-
ted and talked about there just as distinctly as
anything that was before the committee.
Mr, McKEAN. It certainly'wasa fact clearly
understood and admitted before the committee.
Mr. WORCESTER rose.
Mr. McKEAN. The gentleman will excuse
me; I cannot yield further. One of these alder-
men, Mr. Carter, produced three of these boxes,
which were all boxes that he received on the day
of the election, or the day following. One of them
purported to be that of the second division of the
third ward, another the second division of the sec-
ond ward, and a third the third division of the
third ward. This last box was admitted to be
the correct one by both parties. Another was
identified by the alderman himself, he having put
his mark upon it. The box from the second di-
vision of the second ward was admitted by both
parties; another was identified by the alderman
lumself, as I have said, and, of course, the third
one must be the one it purports to be, he having
received but three at that election. °
Again, Alderman McMulhn, another officer,
who was neither the political nor personal fnend
of the contestant, produces four boxes winch pur-
port to be from four several divisions of the fouith
ward. There were, I think, nine divisions of the
fourth ward. Three of the boxes produced are
admitted by both parties to be correct. The al-
derman produces the four boxes, and asserts that
they are the same as he received at the election.
I ask any candid man whether the identity of
these boxes is not clearly established by those
whose interest it was, or may be supposed to
have been, to commit any fraud?
Now, as to tampering with these boxes. What
are the probabilities? That any friend of the con-
testant should have tampered with boxes in the
custody of those who were politically and to some
extent personally hostile to him? Certainly not.
Then why shall I speak of the probabilities? I
deny that this grave body has any right to assume
thatthese boxes have been tampered with. I deny
that they have any legal or moral or political right
to assume or conjecture or guess that these boxes
have been tampered with. There was no evidence
introduced which tended in the least to show that
any person did tri/Jc with these or any other boxes;
none, whatever. Yet, in order to escape from the
result of this recount, which at the time does not
appear to have been disputed, this body is gravely
asked to conjecture, to assume, to presume, that
some friend of the contestant has tampered with
these boxes, when they bear no appearance of
having been tampered with, and when it is against
law and common sense thus to conjecture and
guess.
I stated that my remarks would be brief, and
they shall be. I leave it for those who assume
without any proof; I leave it with them who can, to
do so. I neither can nor will I conjecture, in the
absence of the least idea of proof, that these boxes
were tampered with. .Sir, if these were the right
boxes, and no proof comes from the other side
that they were tampered with—and there is not a
particle of evidence that they ever were—then the
contestant is clearly entitled to his seat.
DIRECT TAX.
Mr. WICKLIFEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask a
favor of the House. Yesterday I was prevented by
a providential interposition from taking my seat
in this House; and I now ask to have the privi-
lege accorded to me to record my vote in'favor of
the proposition reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Corning,] pledging the Government
to raise a revenue of $150,000,000. I want to take
the responsibility with my colleagues in support-
ing that measure, and in order to express my de-
termination to carry out this war upon sound prin-
ciples.
There was no objection; and Mr. Wickliffe's
vote was recorded upon the Journal in the affirm-
ative on the passage of the resolution.
Messrs. Gooch, Odell,Train, Duell, Wads-
wortii, Julian, and Dunlap asked for the same
privilege; and on its being granted, voted in the
affirmative on the passage of the resolution. Mr.
Norton voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER suggested that all who had not
voted on the resolution, and wished to, should
have the privilege of doing so.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that the whole controversy now before the
House to determine the right to a scat upon this
floor is embraced within a single point; and that
is, whether the ballot-boxes were tampered with
after the original and before the recount or not.
if they were not, then the recount, having been
deliberate and accurate, shows clearly who re-
ceived a plurality of the votes cast. Before dis-
cussing that point, however, I beg leave to give
briefly the history of this case. The original cer-
tificates of the return judges showed that the con-
testant was entitled to the seat; that he had the
prima facie right to a seat in this House; but sub-
sequently it appeared that one of their number
had committed a forgery in the certificate which
he returned. The Governor of Pennsylvania, in
view of the forged certificate, issued his procla-
mation, declaring that the sitting member was en-
titled to the seat. I only refer to this fact to show
that the sitting member is not entitled here to in-
trench himself behind a prima facie case, and to
hold the other side to the onus of proof to assail
that position. It will notanswer, in myjudgment,
for the sitting member to say, " I have a prima
facie right, and I will hold it until you bring testi-
mony to overcome that right.'' It appears to me
