3314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
bitterness and greater division in our community
than we have yet seen. Itis because of that fact
that I desire that these conditions shall not be con-
sidered as obligatory and binding upon them until
they have the opportunity to he consulted. The
convention that organized this convention adopted
in that very ordinance this provision:
lt If on the day herein provided for for holding said election
there shall be m any of the said counties any military force
or any hostile assemblage of persons, so as to interfere with
a full and fair expression of the will of the voteis, tliey may
assemble at any other place within their county, and hold
an election as herein provided for."
There are counties still included within this
boundary which, at least up to a very recent pe-
riod, have been occupied by the enemy, and the
people have had no opportunity as yetto bo heard
either at the polls or through their representatives
in any of these assemblages. Taking these facts
into consideration, with the further fact that the
convention that called into existence the body that
formed the constitution of West Virginia contem-
plated that the rebellion in Virginia would have
been subdued before the 2Gth day of December
last, the day fixed for the submission of the con-
stitution to the people, and the justice of my amend-
ment will strike every mind; taking into consid-
eration also the further fact that even at the vote
upon the constitution, out of forty-seven thousand
voters but nineteen thousand were cast—taking ail
these facts together, I put it to the Senate if it is not
only aduty we owe to that people, but one that we
owe to ourselves, that we should give them an
opportunity to pass upon these conditions? I ask
again, how could wo hold them up to a faithful
regard of these stipulations if they wore imposed
upon them without their consent?
But, Mr. President, if I know those people,
they will never submit to congressional dictation
or control in matters relating to their own internal
government. Anxious as they may be for a sep-
arate State organization, convinced as they are
that their interests demand it, they will forego
these advantages rather than submit to encroach-
ments upon their rights by the central Govern-
ment. Great as the Toss of their proposed State
would be to them, they would count it as nothing
when compared with the loss that would be sus-
tained by them and their posterity if the great
truth established by the founders of our Govern-
ment, and the great right secured to them by our
Constitution, to wit: the right of each State to
form and regulate, free from the dictation, inter-
ference, or control of the Federal Government, for
itself its own domestic institutions, should ho vol-
untarily surrendered by them. A people who
could consent to a compliance with such a con-
gressional mandate are already enslaved, and the
fact of their enslavement will soon manifest itself
even to them.
Mr. President, it is my sincere belief that this
disposition to interfere with the lights of the States
exhibited by this Congress has prolonged the war-,
that, if persisted in, the war becomes a war of in-
definiteduration,and that the constitutional Union
our fathers formed will be lost to us and our pos-
terity forever.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is apparent that it is im-
possible to get a vote on this, bill to-day, and as
the House has concurred 111 the resolution for an
adjournment, and we all know there is very press-
ing business awaiting our action, 1 hope we shall
lay this bill on the table. I make that motion.
Air. WILLEY. I hope not. Let us have a
vote on the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode island moves that the bill, with the
pending amendments, be laid on the table.
Mr. WADE. 1 know that motion is not de-
batable; but I do not believe the Senator intends
to cut us off right here.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I do not intend to
cut off debate, if the Senator wishes to reply.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island to make a motion to postpone
the bill until the beginning of the next session.
That will not be a test question on the measure
itself, but simply leave it as a question to be acted
on next session. Laying oil the table cuts off all
debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will withdraw the motion,
and rely on the Senator from Ohio, when he con-
cludes his remarks, to renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion is
withdrawn, and the question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile]
to the amendment offered by his colleague.
Mr. CARLILE. Upon that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I certainly did not intend to take
any time in debating this bill; but the very ex-
traordinary course the Senator from Virginia has
seen fit to take has so entirely disappointed me
that I almost owe an apology to the Senate itself
for urging this measure with the zeal that I did
upon its consideration this morning. I did so at
the request of some of the best men of that State,
not only one but many, almost supplicating J,hat
we should take it up and get through with it to-
day. When 1 saw a Senator from the State itself
rise, so evidently with no other purpose than to
talk agafhst time, and thus to defeat the bill, I was
disappointed beyond measure. We iiave had a new
proposition, a long argument, and* a recurrence
to old speeches that had been made on former
occasions, that must be read here, all coming
ft om a man pretending tg be a friend of this prop-
osition. Any man knows that if anything \\^as cal-
culated under these circumstances to defeat this
measure, it was precisely the course he has seen fit
to take with it. He tells us that he still is in some
shape a friend to it; but what has been the pur-
port of his speech, except to shake the confidence
of tFte Senate itself in the constitutional conven-
tion that framed the constitution which we have
been asked to ratify? He has gone back of their
appointment; he has not only undertaken to find
fault with what they have done, but he has under-
taken to say that they were not really organized
to do anything; and it is the first I have heard of
any such thing. We have sat in committee with
that gentleman; we have heard his arguments and
illustrations on this subject; we have had many
men of the proposed State before us, in council
with us upon it; and here for the first time to-day
we hear that the convention who framed this con-
stitution really did not represent thepeople whom
they professed to represent! After all the discus-
sions in committee and out of committee and in
the Senate, to-day, for the first time we hear a
deliberate, premeditated attack made upon the
convention that framed this constitution, f do not
believe that the people of Western Virginia ex-
pected any such arguments from that quarter. I
do not believe they would have implored me al-
most to use what influence I might have to bring
this matter before Congress at this late period of
the session, if they believed that one of their own
representatives was to rise here and talk by the
hour to endeavor to shake the confidence of the
Senate in tho competency of the convention that
had framed their constitution. Sir, there is some-
thing wrong in this matter. I do not profess to
know where it is, but it is unusual; itis not what
we have heard before. It takes us all by surprise,
and it jeopardizes the measure. 1 hope that from
the perversity of any man, the people of Western
Virginia, who are worthy of our favor, will not
cease to receive it becausc one of their own num-
ber takes a very different view of this subject from
what we expected he would take.
i hope we shall view it as we always have be-
fore, that the people of Western Virginia were
sincere and are sincere, and when they have acted
in their convention upon this subject, that it was
a convention that met the approbation of the peo-
ple, that they have been entirely satisfied with its
actions, that the people are even more earnest than
the convention that what they have done shall be
carried out. Of all this there is no doubt or ques-
tion, and here we are with the ability to-day to
pass the hill, with the ability to-day to give them
what they so anxiously demand, unless we are
prevented by the interposition of new and unheard
of questions by one of their own representatives.
Now, Mr. President, this proposition to my
mind is not necessary. That convention, to meet
all such questions as are now got up here by us,
anticipating that we might perhaps undertake to
revise their constitution in some particulars, pro-
vided for reassembling. The convention did not
cease at the time they framed this constitution,
but they were to be kept in being, subject to be
reconvened again to meet any emergency that the
exigencies of their case might give rise to or ren-
der necessary. Then why not submit this con-
stitution to the reconvened body, as the}'expected
lo be reconvened for that purpose? We want no
amendments. That convention to-day represents,
undoubtedly, the will of that people, as it ever has
done, and it is retained there for the purpose.
Why, then, undertake to get it up anew? If you
want to come in speedily, you can.
I will not prolong the discussion. I did not in-
tend to say a word, and I should not, but for this
extraordinary course which has really jeopardized
the case, and, perhaps, will destroy it, for motions
are already made to cut the whole proceeding off
in limine, and postpone it indefinitely. I hope the
Senate will not weakly yield, as I said before, to
the perversity of any one of the representatives, or
to the new-fangled doctrine he has brought in here
at the eleventh hour,butlet us steadily go on and
carry into effect the well known will and wishes
of the worthy people for whom we have under-
taken to act.
Mr. CARLILE. One word only; I do not in-
tend to detain the Senate, nor shall I use expres-
sions of surprise at the extraordinary course of
the Senator from Ohio, as he has at mine. lie has
alluded to what has occurred in committee hereto-
fore on this subject. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that nothing ever occurred in committee, ac-
cording to my knowledge, by which important
fundamental provisions were to be inserted in an
organic law for these people, as to which they
were not to be consulted; and it was for the first
time when this amendment was proposed this
morning, that my attention was called to the im-
portant factvthat these conditions, these stipula-
tions, three in number, of the importance that is
attached to them by the Senate, were to be im-
posed upon this people, and they were to be held
bound by them without theirever having consented
to them, when their constitution itself under which
they sought admission would not be worth the
paper upon which it is written, under the ordi-
nance convening the convention, if it had not been
submitted to and ratified at the polls by the people.
Mr. WILKINSON. Asa member of the Com-
mittee on Territories, I had some objections to the
admission of the State ofWest Vnginia, but my
objections were overcome by what 1 supposed to
be the unanimous wish of the people of that State.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] is also
amemberof that committee,and I neversupposed
there was the least particle of doubt but that the
convention which framed the constitution ex-
pressed the almost unanimous wish of the entire
people of Western Virginia. While I had some
objections to it, the peculiar situation of affairs in
Westei n Virginia, as was represented in our com-
mittee by a large number of delegates composed
of what I should judge to be the most respectable
men of that country—for they would be the most
respectable men in any State where they resided—
who appeared before the committee and induced
us to favor the bill, especially as they appeared
unanimously to join in carrying out the objects
and purposes of the convention which framed
the constitution.
Now, sir, having had some feeling against the
admission of Western Virginia, if such an argu-
ment as has just been adduced here on the floor
this morning had been urged by the Senator from
Virginia in committee, 1 should, for one, have
never assented to it, and I am utterly surprised
that he should get up here in the Senate and make
such an argumentas he has introduced this morn-
ing. It seems to me that it was due to the Com-
mittee on Territories that he should have urged
that argument there.
Mr. CARLILE. Allow me to interrupt the Sen-
ator a moment. A proposition of this sort was
never moved in committee according to my rec-
ollection, that three fundamental conditions should
be annexed to the admission, and they merely as-
sented to* by the convention that formed the con-
stitution, and of course I could not have made any
allusion in committee to that which was never
before us.
Mr. WILKINSON. Who ever doubted but
that that convention represented the entire popu-
lation of Western Virginia?
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a report from a
committee of conference.
Mr. WILKINSON. I give way for that. J,
NAVAL REGULATIONS. \f
Mr. HALE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
