1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
mittee In the vote which ho gave upon the reso-
lution to offer this amendment in the Senate, who
considered himself pledged to sustain that action
in the Senate; but the committee thought that,
considering the extraordinary circumstances and
emergencies of the time and the service, it was ex-
pedient to report it to the Senate that they might
have the action of the Senate upon it; and that is
the way in which it is now presented, that the
Senate may give their deliberate action upon it;
and I shall be obliged if gentlemen for a few mo-
ments will give a little attention to this matter, as
it is a matter of some considerable consequence in
the war in which we are now engaged.
The history of the Stevens battery is tolerably
well known to those members of the Senate who
have been here for some time. It is an experi-
ment which has been nearly twenty years in the
progress of perfection, and it is not perfected yet.
The report of the last board that was appointed
by Congress to examine it was adverse to it,
although it was not unanimous. Mr. Stevens
thought there was not exactly fair play given to
him, and he has made some additional experi-
ments, and submitted them in the form of a pam-
phlet, containing the objections of the board and
his answers to them.
But, sir, the extraordinary fact of the contest
between the Merrimac and the Monitor, which
occurred a few weeks since, has seemed to open a
new state of things entirely in regard to naval
warfare, and the idea seems to be pretty generally
entertained now, and indeed such is the sugges-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, that the work
of building wooden vessels for war purposes is
practically abandoned. That seems to be the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Navy in a letter
which he sent to the Naval Committee, and which
was submitted to the Senate and ordered to be
printed yesterday, and that the contest for naval
supremacy and for coast defenses must be trusted
almost entirely to iron-clad steam vessels of war.
Indeed, it seems that they will supersede not only
all sailing vessels and steam vessels, but coastand
harbor defenses by stone forts or earth woiks, and
that the great instrumentality of aggressive and
defensive war must hereafter be iron-clad vessels.
Under these circumstances it was thought advis-
able, as there is very little experience to guide us
in these matters, and it was believed to be in ac-
cordance with the public demand at this time, that
tin* great sums which have already been spent
upon the Stevens bntteiy should not be thrown
away and the work abandoned, but that we should
expend what is necessary to complete and finish
it for the purpo.se* for which it was intended.
The vessel is a very different one now from what
it was first contracted to be. Instead of being about
two hundred and fifty feet long, it is now between
four hundred and five hundred feet; and it carries
some six or eight engines, I am not entirely cer-
tain which; and the whole thing is arranged on a
different plan from what it was originally. My
own impression is, though I do not profess to be
skillful in these matters, that it would be wise to
make the experiment with this battery, to put it
afloat, and if everything that is said about it by
boards that have sat upon it, or by scientific and
skillful men, or those who pretend to skill, be true,
it would be somewhat strange, for I think that
Stevens's battery has not been more ridiculed, nor
half so much said about it as was said by profes-
sional gentlemen against the Monitor when her
model was first submitted to them.
The matter is with the Senate and they will judge
of it. The cost as they see is nearly a million of
dollars to complete it. When it is completed, even
the board that last examined it and who reported
against it, as I said before, not unanimously, ad-
mit that it will be a vessel of great strength and
will be a sea-going vessel. Mr. Stevens, who is a
man certainly with a good deal of knowledge in
these matters, has such confidence in it as a sea-
going vessel that he would be willing to go around
Cape Horn in it. The question is before the Sen-
ate, and they can take their own action.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was talking the other
day with a very distinguished naval officer about
£his battery, and was rather impressed with the
idea that we could expend a million of money to
far better advantage in building one or two new
gunboats like the Monitor, but of a larger size
than in perfecting this battery. He told me that
the guns were ail exposed upon this battery, and
that no guns could withstand the shot of such a
vessel as the Merrimac at close quarters; that ne-
cessarily a broadside, or even a single large shot,
must dismount and displace one of these guns.
He said it was utterly impossible to bring a ves-
sel into close quarters, as were the Merrimac and
the Monitor, with guns exposed. I do not know
but that some provision might be made for pro-
tecting the guns upon the Stevens battery.
Mr. THOMSON. Will the Senator allow me
a word? Provision has been made, and the guns
and gunners are both protected now. The plan
for their protection is perfect.
Mr. CHANDLER'. Thatwillperhapsobviate
the difficulty. The expense of the Monitor, which
proved of so much service the other day, was only
$275,000. Half a million of dollars, of course,
would build a very much larger ship and a much
more efficient one; and 1 believe to-day that two
new ships upon that plan, or some similar plan,
costing $1,000,000, would be far more efficient, far
more set viceable, than would the Stevens battery
if completed. Still, I do not know enough about
it to express a decided judgment; but 1 know what I
obtained from conversing with one or two experts
in shipping and in iron war ships, and I was con-
vinced in my own mind that economy would
dictate the building of new vessels rather than the
perfecting of this old battery.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Michigan
does not know much about this, he is not pecu-
liar in thatrespect; and I will tell him further than
that, that the more he talks with experts the less
he will know. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Very likely.
Air. HALE. It is confessedly an experiment.
I was about to suggest the difficulty which has
occurred to the Senator from Michigan; I men-
tioned it to Mr. Stevens himself, and he showed
me the arrangement that he had made, which it
struck me would be a good one, a perfect one for
protecting the guns. We have not adopted this
rashly; but in view of the different state of things
which has occuned, I do not know that I am be-
traying any confidence at all when I say that I
called at the Navy Department in reference to this
matter, and had a conversation with the Assistant
Secretary, and, as I understood him, though 1 had
no wiittcn communication with linn,and did not
go especially for instructions about that, he was
of opinion that if the difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Michigan could be obviated, it might
not be an unwise experiment to try the Stevens
battery. In regard to these other vessels, that
work is going on. We are building other \ essels;
I think thi' Navy Department has already con-
tracted for six under a bill which we have passed
this session; and the Naval Committee have in-
structed me to propose a further amendment to
this bill on that subject.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have been at some pains to
examine the experimentas proposed by Mr. Ste-
vens; I have examined it upon his own'showing.
I think he has published and sentaround—he cer-
tainly has sent to me—a large pamphlet on this
subject, and 1 desire to say to the Senator from
New Jersey that in that pamphlet he leaves the
guns and the gunners entirely exposed.
Mr.THOMSON. That has been remedied since.
Mr. CLARIC. I understand that he has since
got a plan for meeting that evil. Now, does any
Senator know anything about that plan? We are
called upon to appropriate $750,000 for a vessel
upon a plan which was very objectionable; but
which he says is now remedied, without letting
us know what the remedy is. 1 understand that
this vessel is to be protected by water; that is to
say, whc.n she goes into action she is to sink into
the water. Now, can any Senator tell what she
will draw when she is in sailing trim; and can any
Senator tell what she will draw when she is in
fighting trim ?
Mr. President, this subjectcame before the Sen-
ate at the last session of Congress. The two
Houses then directed a board to be appointed by
whom this vessel should be examined. She has
been examined, and the board have reported that
it is inexpedient to finish her; that she is not fitted
for the purposesforwhich she wasintended. And
now what is the proposition submitted to the Sen-
ate ? My colleague says that Senators know but
very little about it if they have got all the inform-
ation they have from experts. I do not believe
they have gut any from any other quarter unless
from Mr. Stevens, who has an interest of some
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars in this
matter, and I do not think he is any more disin-
terested than the experts. Afterthis board have
reported against the vessel, the proposition now
is that we shall spend $750,000 to finish her.
We have had an experiment tried. We have
had the Monitor in action. We know her capa-
city and her capabilities. For the same money
that you propose to put into the Stevens battery
to complete her you can build three Monitors,
and I would rather have one of them than have
this monster when she is finished. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] shakes his head
He may have this vessel if he wants her, and if
he can get her; but that does not alter my judg-
ment against her; and I have studied the propo-
sals and plans, as put forth by the builder him-
self, very carefully; I have gone from end to end
of his pamphlet; I have considered all the advant-
ages he set forth; I have considered all the objec-
tions set forth by the board, and all the ways in
which he proposes to meet them; and still he fails
to convince my judgment thajt this thing ought to
be finished. It is confessedly an experiment—a
large and costly experiment. We have expended
three quarters of a million of dollars upon it al-
ready; that is to say the Government has expended
half a million and Mr. Stevens a quarter of a mil-
lion. In my judgment we had bettei let the thing
stay where it is, on the stocks, and take the money
which we propose for it and build three vessels
like the Monitor, which we can have forthe same
money; which will be more effective than this
vessel will be when she has been finished. I sub-
mit to the judgment of the Senate whether, in the
condition in which the country now is, with a de-
mand for iron-clad vessels—and I have no doubt
that the whole naval architecture of the country is
to be revolutionized—it is not better for us to take
this money to build vessels which we know will
answer the purpose than run the risk of finishing
this battery which, after all, is but an experiment
and may fail. Is it not prudent for us Senators
to take the money and use it in that way which
we know will answer a good purpose rather than
run the risk of throwing it away in this manner?
That is my judgment. I think we had better re-
ject the amendment, and if necessary appropriate
any amount of money to procure iron-clad steam-
ers, which we know will be serviceable and will
answer the wants of the country.
Mr. POMEROY, I only desire to say that I
consider the iron-clad steamers an experiment
never yet fully tested, and I did not intend that
the Senator from New Hampshire should infer
that I was committed even to the Stevens battery.
The objection which all these steamers present to
my mind is this: when you propose to fight with
them, you must sink them in the water; and I have
said, and I think it will shortly be susceptible of
demonstration, that any wooden vessel, a common
large steamer that runs on the ocean, can strike
any of these iron steamers and sink her. I will
venture the assertion that the Merrimac may come
out any day, and when the Merrimac gets ready
to fight and sinks herself in the water, the Min-
nesota can run her down.
Mr. GRIMES. The Merrimac does not sink
herself.
Mr. POMEROY. She sinks herself by her
weight. The railroad iron put in the shape of a
roof upon her weighs her down. If the Minne-
sota can be lightened, and if I were captain of her
—I never aspired to much of an office, but I would
take the captaincy of that vessel—I would have
the Minnesota made light, excepting in the stern.
She can run twenty miles an hour; and I would
get up a big head of steam, and with her bow out
of water I would run over the Merrimac and sink
her without firing a gun. It is so with all iron-
clad steamers; the moment you get them down in
the water so that you can run over them with a
large light steamer, they can be sunk. It is per-
fectly safe to run on to one of these low vessels.
You cannot fire into them when they are coming
to you; but there is not the least difficulty,in my
opinion, in taking one of the large ocean steamers
and running over and sinking any iion-clad steam-
ers in the world. I only intended to say, in reply
to the Senator from New Hampshire, that,as these
are experiments, I am slow to go largely into an
investment in these vessels until they have been
more thoroughly and fairly tested.
