1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2355
as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
ftevenue, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; with not less than Ave sureties, &c.
It is very desirable that all the money collected
under this bill, when it becomes a law, should be
paid into the Treasury. It is very difficult to get
the proper men appointed collectors and assistant
collectors in ail cases. The property of the secu-
rities is one assurance for the faithful payment of
the money collected by their principals; and the
number and character of the securities are another
assurance, and I think a better one than even
property. The best men for such offices can usu-
ally give the most sureties; and if you make a
regulation which requires the number of five, or
even a larger number, it would be some security
that the best men would be selected for these of-
fices. It would have another effect: men who are
solvent and fit to become securities would be more
apt to consent and to be willing; to go in as sure-
ties if the responsibility was to be divided by men
of equal means to themselves. I have had some
experience in this business of securities in collect-
ing officers. I know the facility with which se-
curities are made, and I know from experience
and observation in the State of Kentucky, and the
county in which I reside, that collecting officers
have often been made square just by the multitude
of securities. I think, sir, that this is a very rea-
sonable and proper amendment, and ought to be
adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will change
it to four, I will not make any objection to the
amendment. I think that is enough to provide
by law. The Secretary of the Treasury can
make such regulations as he chooses.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to provide that he shall
not take less than five securities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, IJiave no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The security the Gov-
ernment and the public have always is in the se-
lection of good officers, and they have but com-
paratively little security in the bonds. That is
Known as a matter of experience in all Govern-
ments and all States, and the accumulating of
security is an cxcuse for getting inferior men.
This is a matter of practical observation and ex-
perience. If a man is a good man, a careful man,
and not one who will impudently go and call upon
persons on whom he has no right to call, or make
particular combinations, two securities is asmuch
as he ought to be called upon to furnish, suppos-
ing them to be sufficient, and it is the business of
the Government to ascertain whether they are
sufficient or not. This multiplying of securities
weakens the responsibility of o&cials. The great
mischief is that the Government treats too lightly
the question of whether they will seek proper
and responsible men for fiduciary office. I make
these remarks because I believe it is a great evil.
It is an evil to look to the security alone, and not
to the character and qualities of the officers. If
we get good officers who will furnish two sure-
ties, it ought to be sufficient, and when you find
a man fit to be a good officer, he would not like
to ask more than two men to become his sure-
ties.
Mr. DAVIS. It is much easier for a man to
get two securities than it is to get five, and if I
was to have security given to me, I would much
prefer five good men to two.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Would you not rather
have one good officer than five securities?
Mr, DAVIS. That is the way to get good
officers, because a man who is not suitable for a
good officer cannot get a multitude of securities;
and men who are solvent, and who in fact would
be securities, would be more disposed to go in
with five than they would with two. I think the
amendment ought to be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move to recon-
sider the vote adopting theamendment, in line one
hundred and fourteen, page 90, in relation to the
manufacture of tobacco. As the bill came from
the House, a duty of ten cents per pound was
imposed, and that was raised by an amendment
of the Committee on Finance to twenty cents per
pound. I move to reconsider the vote by which
that amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the bill been reported from
the committee to the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and has not been reported
to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, I will suggest to the
Senator from Missouri that the whole bill comes
up to-morrow for any amendments that may be
offered; and as we are now through with all the
amendments of the Committee on Finance, I think
we might as well adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to offer an amend-
ment to the sixth section.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator had better wait
until we take up the sections of the bill seriatim.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I wish to inquire
whether my motion is out of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It is not in order
to move to reconsider in committee. That is the
parliamentary law. Still, it has been departed from
on this bill. It has been done on several occa-
sions, but it is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can very easily
call for a separate vote on this amendment when
the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. But we are going away,
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we had better act on
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
entertain the motion, because it has been done,
although it is out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senators from Mis-
souri are going away, and under those circum-
stances I think we might as well dispose of the
question now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What question is it?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. In relation to the
tax on manufactured tobacco in line one hundred
and fourteen, page 90.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senate was to strike out " ten" and insert
" twenty" cents per pound, and the Senator from
Missouri moves to reconsider that vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can tell the Senator he
will not gain by that motion now, because I shall
insist upon it again when the bill comes up in the
Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They want to set them-
selves right on the subject. They are going away.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to a few facts in reference to the tax upon
tobacco. It is not likely that the bill will be re-
ported to the Senate before we leave, and I do not
know that I shall have any other opportunity ex-
cept this to call the attention of the Senate to the
various propositions in regard to the tax on to-
bacco, cigars, &c., in the bill. On page 90 of the
bill, I find the following:
On tobac"^', cavendish, plujr, twist, fine rut. and manu-
factured ofall descriptions, not including unuif and figais,
twenty cents pei pound.
I know the policy of the committee has been,
and perhaps that will be the policy of the Senate,
to levy a very heavy tax upon this article. We
in Missouri arc very deeply interested in it. It
is a production that is largely cultivated in our
State, and there is a very large quantity of it manu-
factured there. I believe that the town in which
I live manufactures the tobacco used in some five
or six of the States north of it. A very large
quantity is manufactured there. In looking over
this bill, having some knowledge of the subject
myself, I find very great inequalities, to say the
least, in the tax to be imposed on tobacco m the
different shapes in which it is used, and I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to some facts in
connection with it.
It seems to me, sir, that if a specific tax is to
levied upon the article, carrying out the idea con-
tained in the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives, and as it has been amended m
the Senate, the tax as it now stands ought to be
reduced. I do not object to a tax of twenty cents
per pound on the finer articles of manufactured
tobacco, but a tax of twenty cents per pound on
the inferior grades of manufactured tobacco is a
very high tax. What is the price ordmaiiiy of
common leaf tobacco? I assume that, ordinari-
ly, it is from three to five dollars, and it is some-
times even lower, making an average, say of four
dollars in the leaf. An article of that sort will
cost eight cents to the pound to manufacture it.
There are thousands of pounds of tobacco man-
ufactured in the small town in which I live at
prices of that sort, and sold at twelve cents. It
is true, it may be slightly increased in conse-
quence of the increase of price under this bill of
the articles entering into tne manufacture of to-
bacco, sugar, brandy, whisky, &c. .1 assume,
then, that the average cost of the ordinary.qual-
ity of tobacco in the leaf is four cents, the cost
of manufacture eight cents, making a total cost-
of twelve cents; and here is a specific tax of twen-
ty cents per pound proposed to be levied on this
ordinary article of tobacco.
Two thirds of the tobacco manufactured and
used by the poorer classes of the community does
not cost over twelve cents a pound, or from twelve
to fourteen cents; and a tax of twenty cents a
pound upon that article, is a tax of a hundred and
sixty-six and two thirds per cent. There are at
least three grades of manufacturing leaf. A fair
quality of manufactured tobacco will cost from
eight to sixteen cents; but sixteen cents is a
very high price. Assuming that it costs from
eight to sixteen cents, it "will average, in the leaf,
twelve cents per pound. To manufacture an arti-
cle of that* character, the ingredients being more
costlv than those used in the manufacture of an
inferior quality, will cost, say ten cents per pound,
making the cost of the article twenty-two cents
when manufactured. A tax of twenty cents a
pound upon that article is a tax of ninety-one per
cent. The tax will not be so heavy comparatively
upon the extra qualities of manufactured tobacco.
There isasmall quantity of tobacco manufactured,
which is called extra, costing perhaps twenty-
five cents per pound in the leaf. If we add even
twenty-five cents to the pound for manufacturing
an article of that character, it will make a cost of
fifty cents. There is, however, but a very small
quantity of tobacco manufactured that will cost
that sum. A tax of twenty cents upon that, would
make the cost altogether seventy cents a pound,
which is a tax of forty per cent.
Now, let us look at the bill a little further. I
really do not see any reason whatever in making
the following distinction. If tobacco is a luxury,
itis just as much a luxury in the shape of a cigar
as it is in the shape of what we ordinarily call
manufactured tobacco, pressed tobacco for chew-
ing. I find this clause in the bill:
On cigars valued at not over five dollars per thousand,
filteen cents per pound.
I objected to this tax a few days ago in this
shape. I believe this is following the tariff laws
upon the subject, and imposing a tax by the pound
instead of by the thousand, as we ordinarily pur-
chase and sell them by the hundred or by the thou-
sand. They are usually put up in boxes contain-
ing a hundred. Cigars at five dollars per thousand
will weigh say seven pounds, I think that is about
the weight. Fifteen cents per pound then is a tax
of one dollar and five cents upon every thousand,
costing five dollars. On the ordinary quality of
manufactured tobacco, which is used by the poorer
classes of the community all over the country, you
have a tax of one hundied and sixty-six and two
thirds per cent. What is the tax upon these ci-
gars ? It is a tax of twenty-one per cent. I do
not see any reason for this distinction. If the de-
sign is to discourage the use of the article, it is
perhaps as injurious as a cigar as itis in the shape
of manufactured tobacco, put up for chewing. If
the purpose be to obtain a revenue, I can state to
the committee that there is as much tobacco, in
value if not in weight, used in this country in the
shape of cigars as there is in chewing.
Cigars costing ten dollars a thousand will weigh
say eight pounds, and there is a tax Jevied upon
them of twenty cents a pound, making a tax of
$1 60. Then there is a tax of P 60 on every ten
dollars cost of the cigar, making a tax of sixteen
per cent.; whereas, upon the manufactured article
of tobacco of inferior quality, there is a tax of
one hundredandsixty-sixand two thirds percent.,
and on another article ninety-one per cent., and
on another from foity to fifty per cent. This dis-
crimination is in favor of the superior article,
which is always used by the wealthier classes.
Cigars costing twenty dollars per thousand will
weigh, I assume, about ten pounds. I think each
box of a hundred, exclusive of the box, would
weigh one pound. I am not very far wide of the
mark. Upon this article there is a tax of twenty-
five cents per pound, making a tax of ยง2 50 to the
twenty dollars. It is therefore a tax of twelve per
cent. On cigars costing thirty dollars a thousand,
weighing, I assume, twelve pounds, there is a tax
of thirty-five cents per pound, making a total of
