iW.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
that the contestant had the 'prima facie right; and
yet, sir, I think the House acted properly in ad-
mitting Mr. Lehman, the sitting member, to a seat
upon this floor on account of the forgery which
had been committed by one of the officers. But I
would not go so far as to give him the advantages
of a prima facie case as against the contestant.
Mr. STRATTON, I would ask my friend
from Pennsylvania whether the certificate held by
the contestant was not based upon acknowledged
and established perjury and fraud?
Air. CAMPBELL. It was afterwards judi-
cially ascertained that perjury or forgery had
been committed. But I am not here to dispute
the propriety of rejecting the votes contained in
that certificate. The point I make is, that upon
the original return the contestant had the prima
facie right; and I refer to the fact/or the purpose of
preventing the sitting member from intrenching
himself behind a legal position, the result of a for-
gery, and holding that position until sufficient tes-
timony is brought against him to overcome it.
To proceed. The Governor issued his procla-
mation, and the House ratified his action by giv-
ing the scat to the sitting member. It then became
necessary for the contestant to go to the original
source of right, and to inquire into the ballots.
The statute law of Pennsylvania provides that—
"As soon as the election shall be finished the tickets fhst
of taxables, ouo of the INts of voters, the tally papers, and
one of tho ccitificate's of the oath or fifth motion taken and
subscribed by the. inspeetois, judges, and clerks, shall all
be carefully collected and deposited in one 01 more of the
ballot-boxes, and such box or boxes, being closely bound
round with tape, shall be sealed by the inspectors and the
judge ot the election, and, togethei with the remaining bal-
lot-boxes, shall, within one day thereaftei. bedeliveie'd, by-
one of the inspector, to the nearest justice of the peace,
who shall keep such boxes containing the tickets and other
documents to answer the call ot an* person 01 tribunal
authorized to tiy the merits ot such election."
That, sir, was not intended to bean idle enact-
ment incumbering the statute-book. It was in-
tended to throw around the ballot-box all the pro-
tection that was deemed essential to preserve its
purity. It was to be sealed by two inspectors and
one judge, after having been carefully bound
round with tape. It was then the duty of the in-
spectors to deposit it with the nearest magistrate
or alderman, as was done in this ease. It is evi-
dent that it was intended by the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in passing this law, that, in a case
of disputed election, where there was perjury or
mistake or fraud in the certificate of the return
judges, recourse should be had to the ballots them-
selves to determine the rtght. These ballots cou-
stitutethe originalrccord; they were, Mr. Speaker,
the highest evidence of the election; they were to
be resorted to when all other means failed, or to be
weighed with other facts in determining who had
the highest number of ballots.
It has been said the precedents in Pennsylvania
show that in many cases where application has
been made to open the ballot-boxes it has been
refused by the courts. 1 know of many cases, Mr.
Speaker, and my distinguished friend from the
Lancaster district [Mr. Stevens] has reminded
me of several instances, where the courts, on
proper application, have resorted to an examina-
tion of the ballots found in the boxes, as sealed
up and deposited by the officers of the election.
On a proper case shown of fraud or mistake, the
court will, on application of either party, order a
rccount in the presence of the court and parties.
It is stated that in this case the House of Rep-
resentatives did not order the reopening of these
boxes, and a recount of the ballots contained in
them. Was that necessary? Under the act of
Congress, making provision for taking testimony
in disputed-election cases, you have clothed certain
judges or commissioners with the right to take test-
imony. They exercise under that act the power
of a commissioner in chancery, or a judge of the
courts, to make the necessary order, to open and
count the votes, and examine the tally lists. It
is enough for mo to know that the boxes were
opened on the order of the judge or commissioner
who took the testimony in this case; that they
were opened in the presence of the contestant, the
sitting member, and the witnesses in the case. I
hold, then, that they were opened by lawful au-
thority, and that it does not change any matenal
point in this case to hold that they were not spe-
cially ordered to be opened by the House of Rep-
resentatives itself. We are not in the habit of i
making interlocutory orders in regard to whatevi-
dence shall be received, or what rejected. I con-
tend that the judge or commissioner had the right
to make the order; and the examination appears to
have been fairly made in thepresence of the parties
and witnesses.
Now, this act of the Legislature ordering a rc-
count in cases of a contested election means some-
thing, or it means nothing. If it is a dead letter
upon the statute-book, then it amounts to noth-
ing. But it is a vital statute, and was intended to
meet a case like this, where from alleged fraud or
mistake it cannot be determined who received the
highest number of votes without resorting to a
recount. In just such a ca"Se as this our courts of
law would order a recount of the ballots, and then
take s'uch action as they saw proper, or submit
the whole case fairly to a jury, as m this case the
evidence is submitted to the House of Represent-
atives.
Now, sir, we come to the point, and it is the
only point in the case, were the boxes opened after
they were sealed up by the election officers and
before they were reopened by the commissioner
who took the testimony? To hold that they have
been opened after they were sealed up, in the face
of certain facts I will demonstrate, is perfectly
preposterous. In the first place, to have reopened
those eleven boxes, and deposited fraudulent bal-
lots in them, would have involved the fraud of
some five aldermen, with whom different boxes
had been deposited, and the fraud of the parties
who were aiding and abetting in depositing the
additional votes. More than that, it involves the
fact that you could not detect where any one of
those eleven boxes had been opened, from any
change of tape, or any change of or injury to the
seals. But it goes still further than that, and be-
comes perfectly ridiculous. Tell me, would m£ 
contemplating a fraud upon the elective franchise
to the extent of 130 votes, deposit in one box only
one vote out of the 130, as occurred in one case out
of the eleven; or, as in another case, would they
get five aldermen, and other parlies to the fraud,
to break the seals and tape, to put in a ballot-box
three additional ballots out of 130? I hold it is a
monstrous supposition. Parties to a fraud hke
that would have deposited a certain number of bal-
lots, enough to change the result in one, two, or
three of those boxes. They would have taken into
their confidence one or two aldermen, not eleven,
nor five, besides sundry other parties, to join with
them in putting into one box a single vote, in an-
other three, in another five, and in another seven.
Sir, I reject this hypothesis. 1 look to the more
rational explanation; and that is, that these clcc*
tion ofiiceis, on the night of the election, jn their
haste, and in the manner in which they counted
the votes, committed these errors by mistake, and
not by fraud. I do not suppose that all, oritmay
be that any, of these election officers were guilty
of fiaud in counting votes forthc contestant which
belonged to the silting member and vice versa. I
take it that they counted them in haste on the
nightof theelection; and that in counting the votes
by tens, in violation of law, and not singly, they
committed the mistake of one in one instance,
two in another, seven in another, and so on to the
highest number referred to by the testimony.
Why, they were not counting the votes as the
law of Pennsylvania requires; they were count-
ing them in violation of law, for instead of taking
up each ballot separately, and calling out the name
and directing the clerks to mark it down for the
candidate for whom it was cast,theyselected them
by tens and counted them by tens. I hold that the
whole case goes to show that there was a mistake, j
I am charitable enough to supposethat it was so, j
and this is the mildest form in which I can place [j
it for the officers. I insist that the case comes be- j]
fore the House without any proof that the bnllots i|
had been tampered with. And it appears* that it |j
has not been attempted to prove a fraud so ex- |
tensive as to embrace five aldermen in different |
divisions or wards, of different characters and dis- J
positions,and ofdifieientpoliticalassociationsand j
views, and all for the paltry purpose of adding an j
additional vote or two to a ballot-box. The whole j
weight of evidence in this case is on the side of i
the contestant. j
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will not do to say that a j
horse might be stolen. I want the proof to show !
that he was stolen. I will receive circumstantial i
evidence or direct testimony; but I want the proof
of the fact, and not a guess at it. The gentleman
from Ohio says it will not do to charge election
officers with fraud; fraud must be proven. I ad-
mit it. I charge them with no fraud; but I turn
that allegation upon the gentleman himself, dnd
say it will not do to suppose that in this contest
these ballot-boxes were tampered with. I want
the proof of it, and in the absence of it I will feel
bound to sustain the ballots themselves as they
appeared upon that recount. What is the proof
that these eleven boxes have been tampered with ?
Why, one of them was kept in an alderman Js office
behind his counter, where a constable sometimes
camc in to make his returns. What of that? Are
we to suppose that officers or any other person
would break the seals and deposit a fraudulent
ballot in that box because he mightpossibly have
been behind the desk, and might have committed
a fraud if he had been disposed todo so? No,sit;
I want the proof that those persons who had access
to the boxes did commit a fraud. Show it by some
broken seal, by some fact or circumstance which
points dircctly to that conclusion, and my mind
will receive it.
In another case the alderman says these boxes
were kept in his bed-chamber, to which, it is said,
his family had access. Suppose they had,are we
to infer that the family of the alderman, in the
absence of all motive, removed the seals and de-
posited these fraudulent ballots in tho boxes? It
all comes back to this, that the minority, in their
report, do not successfully attack the ballot-boxes.
The certificates were made from the original bal-
lots themselves. They stand at the fountain-head
of all this proceeding; and if gentlemen of this
House can be satisfied that those ballots remained
as they were deposited on the night of the election,
it settles this case.""
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
know of the gentleman from Pennsylvania what
the law of Pennsylvania is in relation to the open-
ing of these boxes?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The law in reference to
opening ballot-boxes in cases of contested elec-
tions is this, that the court will, upon the allega-
tion of either party based upon fraud or mistake,
-supported by affidavit, in the exercise of a sound
discretion, order the boxes to be brought into
court and a recount to be had. That was done by
the commissioners in this case. Now,Mr. Speaker,
I understand that these boxes were opened under
the order of the commissioner, taking testimony
in the presence of both the parties. It is enough
for me to get at the truth of the case; I care but
little about its technicalities.
But it is asked what evidence there is to show
that the original ballots and papers were deposited
in these boxes by the election officers. I reply
that it is made the swoin duty of these officers to
do that very thing; and there is no evidence to
show that they did not do it. The law presumes
that an officer discharges his duty; and in the ab-
sence of proof to show that he did not discharge
it, the presumption of law is conclusive that he
faithfully complied with the law. It was their
sworn duty to make the deposit, and I suppose
they did it, of course, in the absence of proof to
the contrary.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Riddle] said
there is no proof of the identity of the papers—
tho tally lists, the list of voters, &c.—contained
in these boxes. Mr. Speaker, they were opened
i n the presence of the pai ties themselves,and of the
judges of election and the witnesses, before that
commissioner; and I have looked in vain through
the reports of the majority and of the minority to
find thatany such point was made before the com-
mittee, or that either party required proof of the
identity of the signatuics to the papery contained
in these boxes before the commissioner. The
point raised by the legal acumen of the gentleman
was not made a point in the case, and does not
seem to be relied upon by either of the parties; and
I hold that it was unnecessary to furnish proof of
the identity of the handwriting, unless the parties
required it, or objection was made.
, Mr. Speaker, these are all thq observations I
desire to submit to the House. In my judgment
the sitting member has not successfully shown
that the ballot-boxes weie opened and tampered
with after they had been sealed up by the election
officers. This is to my mind conclusive. The
