139$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
palled against them. What was the result? Why,
sir, the board of English engineers placed the iron
plates at a given distance, and found that they
would not resist the projectiles as stated in the
French papers, and they treated the whole sub-
ject with scorn and derision. Notwithstanding,
the work went on upon the part of the French
Government, and a second board was called in
England. Then when the iron plates of a given
thickness were placed in support of heavy oak
timber which had been neglected before, with the
additional resisting power of wood combined with
that of iron, it was found that the projectile fell
upon it perfectly harmless, and when the shots
were repeated a number of times m directly the
same spot at a given distance the resistance was
perfect. And then it was that the English Gov-
ernment saw that there was something in the re-
sistance of iron to any kind of projectiles, and
commenced building the vessels which they now
possess.
I only cite this illustration to show that after all
it is a matter of experiment. These experiments
have been carried to a further point by the French
Government than by any other Government upon
the face of the earth. The experiments they have
made are matters of secrecy on the part of those
Governments. If we expect to place our Navy
upon a footing to compaie with that of England
or France or any of the Powers that are resorting
to iron-clad vessels, we must expect to not only
experiment, but experiment at a great cost. For
one, sir, I am perfectly willing—and I feel that I
am doing nothing more than my duty in it—to
vote for any reasonable appropriation in order to
carry out the design as contemplated by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire in making this prop-
osition.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am perfectly satisfied wc
shall be compelled to spend a great deal of money
in experiments. When this debate first arose 1
was in great doubt myself as to the propriety or
impropriety of making this appropriation; but the
argument thus far has satisfied me that it ought
not to be made. When the Senator from New
Hampshire stated thataprotection couldbo placed
over the guns on this battery, 1 supposed that it
might be done; but the Senator from Ohio has
convinced me that it cannot practically be done.
I do not say it cannot be done, but 1 do not see
how it can be done. These are pivot guns. They
are intended to point in every direction.
Now, sir, I believe that there is to be a revolu-
tion not only in vessels, but in projectiles. We
have already cast the fifteen-inch gun; we have
already experimented with the fifteen-inch gun,
and we now throw a shot weighing four hundred
and eighty pounds. Why, sir, one of these four
hundred and eighty pound shot would, perhaps,
sink a vessel, when a broadside would have no
effect upon it whatever. How do we know that
we may not next year have a twenty-inch gun
throwing a ball weighing eleven hundred pounds?
We shall be compelled to experiment in gunnery
until we find a projectile that will crush an iron
ship. 1 believe that we may experiment with less
expense than with this battery. The Senator fiom
New Hampshire tells us that it lias some eight or
ten or twelve engines.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; eight.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, eight engines. As
a matter of course, it is going to be a very ox-
pensive toy after we get it, whether it is good for
anything or not. Now, would it not be better for
us to experiment with a couple of vessels like the
Monitor, or on some similar plan, that we know
will work, and put on them a couple of immense
guns that we think will crush an iron ship, rather
than with this machine, invented twenty years
ago, and which wc know, as at present advised,
will not answer. We know that at close quai-
ters, as between the Merrimac and the Monitor,
she could not stand one shot. Take a single pro-
jectile from one of these fifteen-inch guns, and it
would clear the deck of the Stevens battery. Why
go on and expend nearly a million of dollars upon
what has up to this day proven a failure, and
which has been reported adversely upon by a
competent board of your own engineers? The
Senator from New Hampshire expresses his pro-
found contempt for experts. Well, sir, my con-
tempt is not so profound as his. 1 admitmy own
ignorance, and I admit that other people may
know something. He admits his ignorance,and
claims that everybody else is just as ignorant as
he is. That is the difference between us. I have
a profound respect for men who have experi-
mented, and who have devoted their lives to the
study of this subject. The man from whom I
derived my information was the very man who
advised the construction of the Monitor. I do not
think this experiment ought to be made, i think
we can make a cheaper experiment, and a better
one; and I shall, therefore, vote against the prop-
osition.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I was a mem-
ber of the committee that consented to the intro-
duction of this amendment, although it was agreed
to when I was absent, but with the understand-
ing, I believe, that each member, when the prop-
osition should be submitted to the Senate, should
be permitted to vote as his own judgment might
dictate. I therefore feel no restraint in voting as
I choose to vote, from having been a member of
that committee, upon the proposition now before
us.
When this proposition was before the Senate
in July last, I then expressed the opinions that I
entertained upon it, and I have had no occasion
to change those opinions. I did not think then,
and I do not think now, that the best interests of
the country require that, we should make this ap-
propriation. 1 think that it will be squandering
the public funds to the precise amount that this
appropriation calls for.
1 am pretty well satisfied that the amendment
will be adopted. I am aware of the pressure that
has been made upon Congress to secute its adop-
tion. 1 know that the public press of the coun-
try, without knowing anything about the merits
of the proposition, have been calling'upon mem-
bers of Congress to vote for its adoption; and I
( know that we are, to a certain extent, legislating
I here to-day under duress. Why, Sir, there is a
perfect panic m our northern commercial cities.
New York, at any rate, seems to think that, in
the course of a few days, the Merrimac is going
to be seen sailing up Broadway. The city coun-
cil have been making; appropriations for the pub-
lic defense. Their Union defense committees and
other private associations are attempting to do the
same thing, all with the view, 1 appiehend, that
the Government shall finally reimhmse them for
the money they shall expend. They have had,
perhaps, some reason for excitement growing out
of the advent or the egress of the Merrimac from
Elizabeth river; but they ought to remember, and
we ought to remember, that the Government has
done something, and is doing something, to pro-
tect the commeiee of the country, and to protect
these commercial cities against any danger that
may arise from the Merrimac coming out again.
Mr. President, it is well enough to know exactly
what the Department has done, in the first place,
we have now the Monitor. She has been tested.
She has been tested in such a manner as no Eng-
lish or French vessel ever has been tested. We
know exactly her capacities in actual warfare, and
we know exactly what her sea-going capacities
are. We have, therefore, some basis upon which
to build a system, if we go on and improve upon
or build up upon that foundation which the Mon-
itor and her success seems to have laid, then we
can establish something that will be creditable and
useful to the countiy.
The Monitor way built by Mr. Ericsson—he
' was the contractor—and cost the Government
$375,000, about one third of the amount that is
sought to be appropriated by this amendment for
the completion of Stevens's battery. He did it
at his own risk. He entered upon the contract,
and the Government did not agree to receive the
vessel from him until she had been tested. She
was on the way round to be tested upon the bat-
teries at Pig Point and on the Potomac when the
Merrimac came out from her retreat. She was
contracted to be built in forty-six days before she
was built and delivered. Gentlemen will, there-
fore, see that it was no fault of the Department
that the Monitor was not at Hampton Roads
forty-six days before she was there. I need not
state, for I presume every gentleman here is famil-
iar with, the construction of the Monitor. They
know how she is built.
Then we have the Mystic, which cost the Gov-
ernment by contract §*235,000—less than one third
the sum that is sought to bo appropriated by this
amendment. She was to have been completed
on the 27th day of January last. You will see,
therefore, that it is no fault of the Department or
of the Government that she is not now at Hamp-
ton Roads or in a position to defend the commerce
of the country against hostile attacks. By the
contract, she was to steam at the rate of ten knots
an hour, covered with three and a half inches of
iron, to carry four nine-inch shell guns, and two
fifty-pounders, rifled.
Then we have the Ironsides, I believe they
are to call her, at Philadelphia, of twenty-four
hundred tons burden, two hundred and fifty feet
long, fifty-six feet beam, sixteen feet draft, to cost
$780,000, to steam nine and a half sea miles per
hour, covered with solid plates four and a half
inches thick, and designed to carry sixteen large
eleven-inch guns; but the armament will proba-
bly be changed.
You will thus observe, Mr. President—and I
say this for the benefit of our friends in New York,
Philadelphia, and Boston, as well as for the Sen-
ate—that of the appropriation that was made by
Congress in July last, of $1,500,000, we have con-
structed the Monitor, costing $275,000, the Mys-
tic, $235,000, and the Ironsides, $780,000, making
a total of #1,290,000, leaving $210,000 for contin-
gent expenses and for armament.
In addition to that, Mr. President, from the
appropriation of $10,000,000 already made at this
session of Congress, the Government have con-
tracted for four steamers, iron clad, to be built
and delivered by Captain Ericsson, upon the gen-
eral plan of the Monitor, but much larger and with
much heavierarmameut,each of them to carry two
fifteen-inch guns, and to be delivered in four
months, before you can, under any possible cir-
cumstances, no matter how valuable she may be,
complete the Stevens battery. Then, taking the
success of the Monitor as the basis upon which to
act, they have contracted for two more, to be de-
livered m five months. Another they have con-
tracted for, to be delivered m four months, to be
covered with four-inch iron, and to carry tsvo
eleven-inch guns, in addition to that, they have
entered upon the armament of the Roanoke.
I have stated these facts, Mr. President, m or-
der to satisfy the public that there is not any very
great danger to be apprehended from the Merri-
mac, and to satisfy my friend from Ohio, who
seems disposed to vote for this appropi rntion be-
cause he thinks that by some sort of circumstances
this battery may prevent the Men imac from doing
injury to the country, that we shall have plenty
of iron-clad vessels built upon a plan which we
know must be successful, for the plan has already
been .sufficiently tested, as early, and I think ear-
lier, than you can, underany circumstances, com-
plete the Stevens battery.
Mr. President, one great objection that I have
to entering on this new and untried experiment—
for it is such—of making this appropriation for
the purpose of completing this battery is, that we
do not know anything about it. 1 have exam-
ined that plan. The plan, as I examined it in
July, is altogether different from that which has
been described here to-day. In 3uly, she was
not to carry as heavy guns as it is said she is to
carry now. In July, she was to be loaded by
men who were to he inside of a casemate; and
the guns were whirled by a pivot, so that the
muzzle approached the mouth of the casemate.
Theio she was loaded, and then, by some ma-
chinery, the gun was swung round, and the muz-
zle presented to the enemy.
Mr. THOMSON. That is not so now
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I understand that now
she is changed, and they now lower the muzzle
and load hei from below, forcing the ball up by
some sort of process; and how they keep it there
when it is forced up until the gun is put in posi-
tion and brought up, is more than 1 am able to
comprehend. Nobody has explained it here to-
day. In July last the gun was wholly exposed,
or it was represented that the guns were to be ex-
posed when it was examined by the commission
appointed under the authority of the resolution
adopted at the extra session; but we are told here
to-day that they are to be changcd; that the guns
and the gunners are to be protected. How? Aie
they going to build iron turrets or casemates upon
the plan of Captain Cowper or upon the plan of
Captain Ericsson? If they do, it is very import-
ant for us to know it, because one of the argu-
ments urged in favor of the adoption of the amend-
