1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is any provision for freeing those who are now
over twenty-one, I am not prepared to say. There
have been so many amendments that I have been
unable to keep up with them. I do not know
whether a person who is now twenty-two is to be
. a slave for life or not. I am told that he is to be
a slave as long as he lives. Then, as long as any
of us1 live, this is to be a slave State. Now, sir,
I am not prepared to admit into the Union a State
that is to'be a slave State as long as we Jive. We
have just passed a confiscation bill by which the
slaves of rebels are to be freed. I trust the effect
of that bill may be to bring about the freedom of
most of the slaves in the rebellious States; and if
so, it will probably lead to the emancipation by
the loyal owners of their slaves, and making them
entirely free. I hope such may be the effect; but
here we are admitting a State where slavery is to
be fixed on its inhabitants as long as any of us
shall live, admitting into the Senate two more
Senators from a slaveholding State.
1 object to it upon that ground. I do not say
that under no circumstances would I vote to admit
into the Union a State which tolerated slavery. I
will decide that question when it arises; but 1 am
not prepared to admit this State at this time, and
m this condition of the country, as a slave State
into the Union. I do not know that I should be
prepared to vote for the admission of West Vir-
ginia if there was no slavery there, and if its con-
stitution provided for freedom. I question very
much whether we should divide these old States
and admit portions of them as new States until
we can see over the whole ground, an8 come to
a point where we can effect a final settlement of
the questions which are now upon us.
And, sir, what reason is there for this? One of
the Senators from Virginia said that unless they
were admitted as a new State, the inhabitants must
make up then- minds to abandon the country and
go somewhere else. I cannot see why. How is
the formation of Western Vnginid. into a new
State to help the citizens of Western Virginia?
They are maintaining their loyalty to this Gov-
ernment now by force of arms. It is by the power
of the United States and the arms of the United
States that they preserve their loyalty at this
time. Will they be any more powerful to do this
when they shall be set off from the other part of
Virginia? They have to-day an organized gov-
ernment; they have a Governor and judges and
sheriffs and marshals and Representatives in Con-
gress, and a State Legislaluie, and they are the
State of Virginia. Will they be stronger if you
take from them a part of what they now have? Is
a part greater or stronger than the whole ? How
are they to be any better off, or how are the loyal
men to be protected any better, by setting off from
them a portion of the State of Virginia, some of
the other counties? Will the other counties of
Virginia cease to war upon you because you set
them off? Do you expect that the armies of the
rebels will cease to cross the line when you de-
clare that you are a separate State down to a cer-
tain boundary? Will that make any difference?
Will they pay any respect to this line, or will
they march their armies wherever they have the
power to go? I cannot conceive how it is that
these people are to be any better protected after
they are organized into a State embracing a half
or a third of Virginia, than when they embrace
the whole. Do these other counties of Virginia
embarrass your organization? In no respcot what-
ever. The counties which are unfriendly to your
organization do not send repiescntatives to your
Legislature; you have it all your own way; and
how are you to be benefited, how are you to be
protected better, when you have only a part of
the State of Virginia under your control, than
when you have the whole of it within your juris-
diction ?
If it be said that by and by at some future pe-
riod , when the rebellion shall have been suppressed
and the whole State of Virginia shall have been
brought Lo acknowledge its loyalty, then the^west-
crn portion of the State will be overborne by the
eastern portion; I answer, not so. When the re-
bellion is put down in Eastern Vnginia, it is to be
put down by driving into exile, or killing upon
the battle-field, or hanging upon the gallows the
traitors who would overrun un<J oppress Western
Vienna; and what shall be left in Eastern Vn-
ginia will be like you in Western Virginia, loyal
and true to the State and the Union, and you may
all act harmoniously together. Or then will be
the time, if you shall think it best, to divide the
State and have two States out of what was form-
erly Virginia. Then perfect that organization,
and there will be no objection probably to the
division. But make the division now, and who
can foresee its consequences? When this war
shall have subsided, and we shall have a settle-
ment of the controversies which are now pending,
who can tell the embarrassments that will arise
out of our hiving divided Virginia at this time?
Sir, it will be too late then to put Virginia to-
gether again. The Constitution of the United
States makes provision for dividing States; it
makes no provision for uniting twoStates into one.
So, sir, in every point of view in which I am
able to look at this question, I think it inoppor-
tune to attempt to force Western Virginia at this
time as a separate State into the Union, or to at-
tempt to divide the State of Virginia, and I trust
this bill may not pass. I move that it be post-
poned until the first Monday of December next,
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.-CAROLE. At the risk, sir, of miscon-
struction, I propose to vote for the motion of the
Senator from Illinois; and in order that my rea-
sons may go forth with the vote, I shall detain the
Senate but a moment. It will be observed,and I
desire to call the attention of the people interested
in this proposition to the fact, that under this bill
we cannot be admitted as a State any earlier than
we can be admitted if the bill shall not pass. We
have ascertained now the wishes of the Senate,
and if our people are willing to submit to con-
gressional dictation, they can, of their own motion,
between this and the next session of Congress,
frame a constitution, if such shall be their wish, m
accordance with the proposition that is now pend-
ing; and we can come with that constitution to
Congress, upon its assembling here on the liist
Monday of December, and be admitted into the
Union without difficulty, and assume our position
as a separate State just as early as we can under this
bill. For one, I never would consent to have the
organic law of a State framed for its people by the
Congress of the United States. When this right
is surrendered to the central Government it be-
comes a despotism, and the people no longer free
because its subjects and slaves.
Looking, therefore, to the good of the country,
seeing that there is no injury to be inflicted upon
the people whom I immediately represent by the
refusal to pass this bill, and denying to Congress
all power to dictate to a people within a certain
territorial limit upon what terms they shall come
into the Union, other than merely ascertaining if
the constitution which they present is republican
in form, and seeing no benefit that can resultto the
people in terested in this proposition by the passage
of the bill in its present shape, I shall vote, as I be-
lieve it to be a duty I owe to the whole country,
for the motion submitted by the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to detain the
Senate; 1 rise chiefly to make an inquiry of the
Senators from Virginia. Not long since, upon the
recommendation of the President of the United
States, both Houses of Congress passed a joint
resolution suggesting to the so-called border slave
States to take some action in reference to the final
emancipation of their slaves. It is not necessary
further to state the contents of that resolution.
The Senators from Virginia know its contents
quite well. I desire to ascertain from either of the
•Senators from Virginia whether the Legislature of
that State, now organized and sitting at Wheeling,
have taken any action upon the subject of that
joint resolution; whether they have made any
'response to it cither the one way or the other; and
if they have made no such response, what are the
anticipations of the Senators from Virginia m ref-
erence to the final action of their State upon the
question submitted in that joint resolution? I do
not know that any such action has been taken; I
fancy there has been none.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, 1 was anxious
to secure the adoption of a proposition which
would save the people of Western Virginia,among
whom there is not a scintilla of difference in re-
gard to this question—I mean the loyal people—
the great expense and trouble of another conven-
tion and another submission; and whfnl yielded
to my colleague what he regarded as a sine qua
non, and when it was accepted apparently with
cordiality as acceptable to him, I"hoped that I
should have his cooperation in this matter of vital
importance to the constituency we represent. But,
sir, from point to point, and from step to step, he
misrepresents three fourths of the loyal people of:
Virginia on this floor. He misrepresents the will
of the Legislature that sent him here, with scarcely
a dissenting voice; and he interposes to-day an j
objection which is calculated and designed to '
thwart this whole movement.
Sir, it is with pain that I am compelled to take
this stand, but I am justified in doing it. These
people have looked for sixty long years to this
day. Time and again have the sections of Vir-
ginia been upon the eve of an outbreak, of an in- '
surrection. Criminations and recriminations have
sounded m our legislative halls at every session
of the Legislature for the last thirty or forty years.
Threats of violence have been hurled by one sec-
tion at the other. And to-day, when the loyal
people come with a united voice, having fulfilled
all the requisitions of the Constitution and all the
forms of the law, and I stand here, where my col-
league does not stand, representing the voice of
the people of Virginia, who ask for freedom, who
ask for severance from the eastern section of the
Stafe to whom we have been in bondage in a great
degree for fifty or sixty years, he gets up here on
tile very eve, as I have reason to believe, of the
passage of the bill, when the Senate of thcUnited
States is about to bestow upon us the long prayed
■for boon, and he interposes an objection, to post-
pone and defer our long-cherished hopes and
desires.
Now, sir, I wish to make another remark in
answer to the Senator from Illinois. He seems to
have fallen into the mistake, common to almost
every person, that this movement was conceived
in a desire to separate ourselves from the disloyal
portion of the State of Virginia, that it grew out
of our national difficulties, out of the secession
of Virginia from the Federal compact. No, sir;
no. These circumstances may have precipitated
action upon it; they may have given us the op-
portunity to effect the long-cherished desire of our
section of the State; but this controversy is older
than I am; I have heard it ever since I can remem-
ber anything. It grows not out of these national
dissensions; it grows not out of loyalty or dis-
loyalty to the Government; it grows not out of
this question of secession; but it grows out of the
social, geographical, commercial, industrial dis-
tinction ami antagonisms that never can be recon-
ciled by the power of man. The Almighty, with
His own eternal hand, has marked the boundary
between us. Wo live upon waters that flow into
the valley of the Mississippi; our eastern brethren
live upon waters that flow into the Potomac and
the Chesapeake; and there is a chain of impassa-
ble mountain barriers between us that prevent, and
will forever prevent, all connection, all social re-
lations, all interchange of trafiic and commodities
by any convenient means of transportation. Owing
to these facts, we ask this separation, and we place
it upon these large national grounds; not upon the
questions of secession and disloyalty. If those
were the only questions at issue, I would say to
the western people,as I have hitherto said to them,
stand fast, not only until the Union is restored,
but until all Virginia again is made loyal to the
national flag, and until we all dwell together again
beneath its ample folds in peace and in security.
But, sir, we never can dwell in harmony, not be-
cause now we are separated by principles of seces-
sion and anti-secession, or loyalty and disloyalty,
butbecausethe Almighty, with Hisownhand,has
placed barriers between us that separate our trade
and our intercourse, because our social relations
are different, because our places of market are dif-
ferent, because our industrial interests are differ-
ent, and because, on account of these facts, our
internal resources have never been developed, and
never call be developed while we are connected
with Eastern Virginia. _ ...
Tins new proposed State contains within its
towering lulls and mountains, treasures richer,
perhaps, than can be found within the limits of
any otherState within this Confederacy,and there
they have lam, ever smee the establishment of
this Government, undeveloped, unworked, value-
less, and they must continue to remain so unless
a different policy be pursued. Is it just to the
people there ? Is it just to the loyal people of
