1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139f
meat is that the vessel is to have a great rate of
speed, and to draw acertain depth of water. Now,
if you are going to place upon the vessel five tur-
rets, one for each gun, and each of them to have a
weight of fifty or five hundred tons, of course the
draught of the vessel will be much greater, and her
speed will be correspondingly diminished. If wc
are going to vote fortius amendment, not upon the
statement of the board, not upon the recommend-
ations of the Department, not upon the recom-
mendations of any one appointed by our own au-
thority, but upon the representations of gentlemen
here in the Senate as to what this thing is, let us
know specifically what it is; let us know what is
the weight and dimensions of these new attach-
ments; these new casemates, or these new pro-
tections, or whatever they may be, that arc to be
placed upon it. Do not gentlemen see that the
thing that we are asked to vote for is altogether
different from that which our committee exam-
ined, that which wc have been solicited to ex-
amine, and have ourselves individually examined;
and are we to be asked or to be expected to vote
for the thing perfectly in the dark? I trust not.
I do not 'think that anybody lias any right to
suppose that X am opposed to protect mg by proper
naval defenses our Atlantic and Pacific sea coast;
nor is any one here justified in supposing that I
am opposed to the construction of iron-ciad ves-
sels of war. I believe that I have been as ready
and as willing as any other man has been, to em-
bark in experiments of that kind; but when 1 do
act, when I do vote the money that is to be con-
tributed by direct taxation by my constituents, 1
do want some data to act upon. We have it in
the Ericsson battery. We have it not in this mat-
ter. 1 know, sir, that a great involution has taken
place in our defenses, 'I do not know where itis
going to end. 1 believe that it will end in a com-
plete reorganization of our Army and Navy- I
have my own theories on that subject, which
piobably would not be acceptable to any other
man.
Mi. COLLAMER. Let me ask the gentleman
whether the Mernmac can go out of the capes
with safety to sea, and go round to another poit?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not prepared to answer
that question; but I am prepared to give the Sen-
ator the opinion that I have heaid expressed by
naval officers oil the subject. I am no seaman,
and I never saw the Mernmac; but I have seen
several gentlemen who have seen her. 1 have
conversed with several gentlemen who saw her ill
the engagement with the Monitor, and it is their
uniform opinion, so far as I have been able to
learn, that she could not go to sea.
Now, sir, a woid in regard to the meuts of this
proposition. Mr. Stevens is entitled to one credit
which the Senator from California, or the review
which he quoted, does not give linn. The French
Emperor was not the man who maugurati d the
expeiiments with non-plated ships. Uobeit L.
Stevens is entitled to the credit of having done that
as early as 1842, and he was the first man to pro-
pose it. At an early day he came heie to Con-
gress asking for a law to be passed by which lie
might be permitted to enter into a contract with
the"Government for the construction of an iron-
platcd ship. The law was passed, and he agieed
to construct a certain vessel, of a certain model,
of a certain capacity for speed, and with a certain
armament for the mean sum between what the
Mississippi and the Missouri, two wooden war
vessels that the Government was then building,
should cost. By subsequent contract entered into
between him ami the Secretary of the Navy it was
agreed what that mean sum should be, and I think
it°was j,o84,000 or somewhere in that neighbor-
hood, of which sum, $500,000 has been already
paid linn. Well, sir, lie hung on, and expended
the money. We have a report before us ot a com-
mission appointed under the authority of an act
of Congress passed at the extia session showing
how fai that vessel is complete. He has been
making constant applications to Congress tor an
appropriation of money to go on and complete it.
We concluded to have the thing thoroughly in-
vestigated. The Secretary of the Navy, under the
resolution we passed at the last session, was au-
thonzed to appoint a commission of five persons
to examine this battery. He appointed Commo-
dore Strinsrhain of the Navy, a very excellent and
lntelligent'officer as everybody knows, Captain
Inman, of the like reputation, Captain Doinin,
also of the line of the service, a man who has seen
more sea service, I think, than any man in it, or
certainly within a few months as much as any-
body else; and Mr. Stimers, a chief engineer of
the Navy, the person who superintended the con-
struction of the Ericsson battery, and who came
upon her around to Fortress Monroe, and worked
her during her engagement with the Merrimac.
The fifth person was Professor Henry, of the
Smithsonian Institution. Why, or how, or in
what manner this gentleman became attached to
tins board I am unable to divine. I believe he
was originally a New Jersey man.
Mr. THOMSON. A New Yorker.
Mr. GRIMES. He used to be a professor in
Nassau Hall college. This board, after giving
the subject a thorough examination, report that:
" She diffei? fiom tlie ordinary war vessels with which
wo are acquainted :
" 1. In having long slender ends.
"2. Jn employing two independent propellers, with sev-
ctal engine attached t<> each
"3. In depending entiiciy upon a fan-blower for the ven-
tilation ot the lower pait of the vessel when in action.
•'4. In employing .1 heavier atmament than has everyet
been |hi t atioat. and' naming and loading these guns by steam
maeluneiy, below the deck, manipulated by peisons who do
not see the guns.
<• 5. In having the guns exposed to the direct fne of the
enemy, upon the top of, instead of within, an iron-clad
ves-ci.'1
Wo are told now that there is a deviation from
that plan, but when our commission inspected it,
the guns and the gunners weie exposed on the
deck of the \<>ssel. Suppose thai this Stevens bat-
tery had been completed and had been brought jnto
conflict with the Merrimac as the Monitor was two
weeks ago last Sunday. Why, sir, there would
not havo been a gun or a man left, on her deck:
<k6. In settling the vo<=el when going into action; and in
several olliei ie peet.s which will develop themselves in the
coulee of tiiN ieport ^
One of the peculiarities of this vessel is that she
is made, or is proposed to be made, of great length.
It must he borne ill mind by the Senate, when Sen-
ators talk about the speed with which sin: is to go,
that this will be her speed and her celeiity of mo-
tion pio\ulud she comes up to the high-sounding
expectations of Mr. Stevens's manifesto. We do
not know that she is going to do this. This is only
what Mi. Stevens hopes she will be able to do, and
hopes she will be able to do ill view of the magni-
tude of this appropriation, which he hopes we will
make for it. This report continues:
" 1. The great length of tins vessel, compaicd with her
UaiibVel^e suenglli, strikes a ndulical niiin at onee, and a
c.i'eful im'e^tig-ition deailv indicates lhat it would be the
height of professional iinpiudence to send such a vessel ta
sea."
This is the opinion of gentlemen who au; thor-
oughly acquainted with the subject; who are nau-
tical men; who an; not military engineers, like
Colonel Delafield; who are not scientific chemists,
like Professor Henry; but men who ha\e spent
their lives upon the sea, and know something of
the power and danger of the elements when they
are excited:
" The action of the waves would cause her to wnthe and
twis-t to an extent that would j-oon open the seams ot her
li"ht uon hides. Ilei use. if completed, would theiefoie be
confined to the defence of the hailioi 1-leie hct inconven-
ient length and her d' aught of watei, winch could not be ic-
dueed to much le>s than nineteen feet, even tor tins service,
when luily equipped, would militate agaim-thcr usefulness
to ;i certain extent."
The draught of this vessel, when examined by
this committee of ours of experts, could not be re-
duced to less than nineteen ieet. I ask gentlemen
who are m favor of this amendment, how much is
she going to draw when you puton turretsor case-
mates over these five guns that shall thoroughly
protect them, with hundreds of tons of weight
added? Can anybody tell us? Are we to make
this appropriation merely upon the representation
that this weight is to be added, that the guns and
the gunners are to be protected, without knowing
anything more about it than we now know?
" 2. The employment of two independent piopellers in-
stead of one wouid appeal to pos es« gieat advantages in
elleeting great lapidity ot maneuvet when in presence of
the enemv, anil would be all the inoic useful to her from
being compelled to confine her operations to the defense of
the luubor, the channels of which would be rendered com-
paratively lc&tricted by her great length and draught of
watet.*'
Here you have a vessel that probably cannot
be made to draw less when she is in fighting con-
dition , according to their own representation, than
twenty-four feet. If you have her, for instance,
in New York hatbor there is but a very small
space that she can occupy. She can only be used
right up and down the main channel. But you
build another Monitor, drawing only ten feet of
water, and costing only $275,000, and put her on
one side of the channel, and another Monitor on
another side of the channel, and so on, putting
three or four of these vessels in light water com-'
manding the channel where you can have a crossi
fire upon the vessels that are attempting to come
in, and you have something that will resist the
attack of an enemy; but this will not.
" The application of more than two engines to one pro-
peller shatt, arranged, as in the case of this vessel, to oc-
cupy a considerable poition of the length, has its advant-
ages and disadvantages. It no doubt distributes over a
greater area the reactive strains which the engines bring
upon tlie vessel when they arc in operation, but it also adds
to the first cost of the machinery, the space occupicd, and
the labor of attendance.
" 3. In ventilating the lower part of the vessel by artifi-
cial means during action, it must not be forgotten that fresh
air is a constant necessity to human life, and to maintain
it in this vessel there must be always steam up, and the fan
in opeiation.
" 4. One oi the most important features of the vessel is
that of using very heavy guns. The five fifteen-inch smooth
bore and the two ten-inch rifle gunb throw fifty per cent,
greater weight of metal per broad«ide than our heaviest
forty-four gun steam frigates armed with heavy Dahlgren
guns.
" 5. It being a part of the design of this vessel that these
guns shall he large enough for their own protection against
the shot of the enemy, it would be well to examine the
question of how largo must be the mass of cast iron to se-
cure it against injury from such a source."
It is hardly necessary to read this, because this
part of the report was in answer to the-sugges-
tions of Mr. Stevens and his friends, that the mass
of iron in these large guns would be so great, that
a cannon hall thrown from a vessel would not be
able to throw them out of position; but I under-
stand, from the admissions that have been made
here to-day, that they have themselves become
convinced of the possibility of doing that, and.
now propose to protect the guns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By protecting them in
that way, do they not lose the advantage of turn-
ing round and firing in eveiy direction ?
"Mr. GRIMES. Nobody knows. Nobody can
tc.ll that. That is one of the troubles that we have
here. Nobody knows whether they are going to
adopt Captain Ei lesson's plan or not. If they are
going to protect the guns, they have not told us
how they arc going to protect them. If they are
going to protect them by a turret, and adopt Cap-
tain Ericsson's plan, then it may be that they can.
turn the turret so as to throw their shot either to
the right hand or to the left; but, as I understand
it, they cannot throw them forward nor aft.
Mr. THOMSON. I hopo the Senator will al-
low mc one moment.
Mr. GRTMES. Certainly.
Mr. THOMSON. I have, as many of my
friends, and among others the Senatorfrom Iowa,
know, been unwell for several days, and liave
not been able to see Mr. Stevens, but I men-
tioned to him some days ago that one of the ob-
jections, and a very great objection was, that the
guns and gunners were not piotected. He men-
tioned to me yesterday that they had adopted a
plan since that was exhibited at our committee
room, by which they were entirely protected. If
I understood him rightly, for I had but a short
conversation with him, it was by means of an iron
case inclined, and of a thickness, I think, of eight
inches of iron.
Mr. GRIMES. Does it revolve?
Mr. THOMSON. I have never seen it. It was
to be entirely circular or semicircular.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident we cannot
tell much about that. It is to be an iron case of
some description, but the Senator does not know
whether it is to revolve. _ .
Mr President, another peculiarity of this ves-
sel is that it is being built in water-tight compart-
ments, and the vessel is to be sunk when it goes
into action. It will be borne in mind by the Sen-
ator from California, who is in favor of iron-clad
ships, that this is not an iron-clad ship. She is
iron clad at her bulwarks and for a certain depth
below.
Mr. LATHAM. It is the same way with the
Monitor.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; she is iron clad all the
way. This Stevens battery is built with water-
tight compartments. 1 suppose little gates are to
be opened which are to admit the water through
