1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tentionally. If not, then the House is bound to
believe that these men committed tho fraud grossly
and corruptly, and afterwards committed gross
perjury in order to sustain it. Now I am called
upon, and this House is called upon, in order to
oust the sitting member, and give his seat to the
contestant, to pronounce these fifteen men at three
precincts guilty of gross frauds in counting the
votes originally, and of the worst perjury in sus-
taining it. I have never felt that 1 could do so.
But, sir, I do not propose to detain the House
longer; and as I think it was generally understood
on both sides of the Chamber, it may not be amiss
that I should ask the previous question, although
it is a thing I dislike very much to do, as it is the
first time X have appeared before the House in
debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Unless there can
be an understanding that the vote be taken at one
o'clock to-morrow, I will move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. LOOMIS. If thegentlcman will allow me,
that is precisely the arrangement I was going to
suggest. Inasmuch as it is quite late, and many
of the members have undoubtedly gone away to
their dinners, I will propose that wc second the
demand for the previous question, and then agieo
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
Mr. RTCHARDSON. Oh, no; let us finish up
the matter to-night.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
the proposition to be assented to?
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 68; as follows:
YEAri—Mes^. Aidiicli, Ashlev, JJ.iblmt, Hea-
man, Bingham, Samuel 131au, Hlake, Campbell, Cham-
bci lui. Coha.x,'Ficilcuck A. Conklins, Rof-coo Cooklinc,
Conway, Covode, Davis, Da\ve>>, J)um>, E(l§oiton, Ed-
waiilb, Eliot, Fe^cnden, Fiank, Granger, Hale, Utueiuns,
Julian, Kolleya FiancisW. Kellogg, Loomi-s,Lovojoy, Mc-
Kean, McKmght, Mai«ton, Mayunrd, Mitchell, Mooihead,
Ju&tm S .Moifill. Olm, Patton, Timothy G. Phe!p=, Pome-
roy, Poitcr, Potter, John H. Rico, Riddle, Edwaid II. Uol-
lm-J, Saiqoiit, Sedgwick, tiheiman, Sloan, Tumble, Trow-
biidse, Vandevcr, Van IJorn, Van Valkonbuigh, Yooihee^,
Wallace, Chailes W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Albeit S.
White, and Wilson—54.
NAVS—Mcs-tis. Alien, Aneonu, Joseph Raiiv, Riddle,
Jacob B. Blan, Gpoige H. Biowne, William G. Biown,
huflinton,Cobb, Coop'er, Coming, Cox, Cravens,Cusfteld,
(-! itfenden, Delano. Duell, Dunlap, Enulish, Fouko, Gooch,
Gndei, Gin ley, Uaight, H.mison, llohnan, Iloopei, John-
son, Wjlham KellogL'.' Kihmgei, Kuapp, Leaiy, Locan,
MePhei^on, Malloiy, May, jYIcnzie-s, Mom*, Noble, Nor-
ton, Nnscn, Qd( U. Pendleton, Pom, Alexandei U Rice,
RichiudsOii, Uohm.«on, Jiun1.'-? S. Rollins. Shanks, Shiel,
John B. Steele. William G. Steele, Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thorna-", Kiai'eis Thomas, Tiam, Upton, Yallandisham,
Vibbard. Wod-'worth. Waid, Whaley, Chilton A. White.
Wiekhite, Wood, WoodiulT, Woice&ter, and Wright—6tf.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Arnold had left
the House m consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. FOUKE announced thatMr. Stevens had
paired with Mi. Lazear; and that Mr. "YVasii-
burne had left the House in consequence of in-
disposition.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered, and ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Are we to have
filibustering on tins question?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir; if it is deteimined to
press the vote to-night. Many gentlemen on this
side of the House have left the Hall, under the
promise of the Committee of Elections that the
vote was not to be taken to-nischt.
' Mr. COX. I think this matter can be arranged
by an agreement to take the vote to-morrow, at
one o'clock.
Mr. LOOMIS. That was the proposition I
made.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, 1 hope it will be as-
sented to.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the vote be taken to-morrow, at one o'clock.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at thirty-
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 17, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the credentials of
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, elected by the Legis-
lature of Michigan a Senator from that State for
the term ending March 3,1865, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Hon. Kinsley S. Bing-
ham.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Howard, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition of sundry
citizens of Kossuth and vicinity, Des Moines
county, Iowa, of both sexes, who say that in ac-
cordance with the declared objects of the Consti-
tution , " to establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
libeity," and, especially at the piescnt time, to
preset ve the Union by supptessing the rebellion,
they piay Congress to provide bylaw for calling
on all the inhabitants of the United States, of all
conditions, bond and free, to aid in the support of
the Government, assured of its protection, under
the flag of our national Union; and further, that
Congress will take such measures as in their wis-
dom they may deem just and right for the ulti-
mate emancipation of every slave in the land. I
believe these petitions have been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee has
made a repot t, and they have been subsequently
laid on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lie on the table.
It was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I have been requested to
present the memorial of C. L. Sanford, a citi7.cn
of New Yoik, who states that he is interested in
certain contracts which were made by Messrs.
Cummings and Tucker, agents of the War De-
partment, and having received information direct
from the Department that they were authorized
to act in its behalf, he now is surprised to learn
that Mr. Cameron has solemnly declared that he
has made no contracts; and that all contracts have
been made by the heads of bureaus only. Ho
therefore <( fears great loss by the action of said
pretended agents, unless your honorable bodies
shall legalize their contracts;" and he pi ays for
the enactment of such a law as may protect those
who have in good faith dealt with those persons
now disowned and unrecognized by the Secretary
of War. I move its reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Miliua.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented three petitions
from citizens of Monroe county, Illinois, praying
for the abolition of slavery throughout the coun-
try, and for compensation to loyal masters; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying for a
repeal or suspension of the act of December 27,
1854, '' to suppress the circulation of small notes
as a currency in the Districtof Columbia;" which
was refened to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented a petition of E. P. Biewstcr
and otheis, citizens of Florence, Nebraska, pray-
ing for the location of a national armory at Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois; which was ordered
to he on the table.
He also presented the petition of William L.
Stewart and others,citizens ofLmn county, Iowa,
praying for the abolition of slavery, and that pro-
vision may be made by law for calling on all the
inhabitants of the United States, bond and free,
to aid in the support of the Government; which
was ordeied to lie on the table.
He aUo piesented a petition of Hon. John F.
Dillon, and six hundred and fifty others, citizens
of Davenport, Iowa, ptuying for the total aboli-
tion of slavery throughout the country; which
was oidered tu lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Cincinnati,
praying for the location of a national armory at
Cincinnati, Ohio; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia. - ;
Mr. WILMOT presented-^ petition of citizens
of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, praying that homoeo-
pathic physicians may be appointed surgeons in
the Army and Navy of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Dominiclc Lynch, a lieutenant in the Navy of the
United States, praying that the President be au-
thorized to restore him to his original position on
the active service list of the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWNING presented the petition of
Samuel Noah, of Mount Pulaski, Logan county,
Illinois, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Han-
cock county, Illinois, praying for the location of
a national armory and arsenal at the foot of the
lower rapids on the Mississippi river, in that
county; which was referred to tne Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of the chaplains
of the United States Army, praying that their use-
fulness may not be impaired, and that they may
retain their present rank in the Army; which was
referred to the Conlmittee on Military Affairs and
the Miliua, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ensp ofFred-
erickE. Sickcls,on the files of theSenatc.be leferredto the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Onice.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That Aaron II. Palmer have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 109) to prohibit the "cooly trade"
by American citizens in American vessels;
A bill (No. 113) concerning thfe closing of the
ofEce of surveyor general at St. Louis, and for
other purposes;
A bill (No. 217) to provide for furnishing pris-
oners of the United States Army in the revolted
States with clothingand other necessary supplies;
and
A bill (No. 219) amending the provisions of the
second scction of the act of January 20, 1857, en-
forcing the attendance of witnesses before com-
mittees of either House of Congress.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled joint resolution;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President; •
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) for the sale
of the ruins of the Washington Infirmary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a bill (S.No. 140) to abolish the franking privilege,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. Pw. No. 161) abolishing the
franking privilege, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred a
report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
on the subject of the bakery in the Capitol, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. Uo. 32) directing the
removal of the Army bakeries from the Capitol;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a petition of some two
thousand mechanicsand laboieis employed in the
Charlestown navy-yard, praying Congress to )(-,
peal the eighth scction of the act " to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy," approved De-
cember 21,1861, have instructed me to report the
petition back to the Senate, with a resolution that
t he committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
I am requested by one of my colleagues on the
committee to state the reason why this is dor,-.,
