1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2357
Mr. ELIOT. I think that I can answer the gen-
tleman's question in advance. I think he wanted
to inquire if ^there is any provision to indemnify
the loyai men for the suffering they have endured.
I will say now that there has been a bill reported
to which I propose to ask the attention of the
House, which has that precise object.
Mr. MALLORY. I must say that that was
not the point to which I desired to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELIOT. I am not a prophet, and it seems
I was mistaken.
Mr. MALLORY. I will put the question to
the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Objection being insisted on,
the Chair must enforce the rules.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, during this debate
I have had conference with a loyal Virginian, who
reminded me, by the way in which he spoke, of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Whaley,]
who addressed the House the other day. He told
me that the loyal men in his vicinity were stripped
of everything, of all of their possessions, their
homes, their stores, their goods, and their prop-
erty, ay, even the cradles in which their children
were sleeping, and were turned out, houseless and
homeless, in neighborhoods where they were born,
nurtured, and brought up. I could not, as he de-
scribed the scenes which he had witnessed, refrain
from expressing my indignation that the loyal
Congress of the United States were meeting and
discussing, day after day, to determine whether in
fact the Constitution of the United States gave to
us the power to legislate so as to uphold the Gov-
ernment, by taking from the enemy the property
which he makes the instrument of his warfare.
No, sir, these bills do not seek to punish treason.
The objection comes from gentlemen who do not
want this rebellion suppressed by legislative en-
actment. We all know that in time of war we
cannot try a traitor. That is what the maxim,
inter arma silent leges, means. In time of war the
courts are closed and we cannot try a traitor for
his treason. But we can take from the enemy his
means of war; we can help the loyal citizens.
Sir, because we cannot try a traitor now, because
all that we can do under the circumstances and
under the law is to condemn the property which
is made the means and instrument of war, I say
to those gentlemen that this day is the time for
action.
Mr. Speaker, I can appreciate as well as any
gentleman can, the gentle precepts of that law of
love which has been referred to. If in fact tins
war is wrong, if we have no right to engage our
men and brethren m it, let them come home; let
us withhold our armies; let us ask forgiveness,
and be ready to forgive; let us lay down our gift
before the altar and first go and be rcconcilcd to
our brethren. But if this war is right; if we are
engaged in a cause we are not ashamed of; if we
believe, standing before God, that we have a work
to do which duty demands at our hands, let us
accomplish it in the best and speediest manner
practicable.
I have not heard a man say that the first bill
which is to be voted upon to-day will not accom-
plish the object designed. Nobody has denied
that it will weaken the power of the enemy and
strengthen the hands of the Government. In
Illinois, in Missouri, in Michigan, in Wisconsin,
and Iowa tlieie are large estates owned by ene-
mies, the proceeds of which are made to support
the leading rebels in the armies and government
of the South. At the same moment that disloyal j
property is protected under the laws of the loyal j
States, all property within the confederate States i
belonging to loyalists is swept away into the j
treasury of treason. Sir, it is false mercy, false :
kindness, that we, the legislators of this country,
shall undertake to sacrifice our own friends, or
permit the sacrifice, in order that we may concil-
iate an armed foe. We have heard enough of the '
danger of irritation. We have heard often enough j
that it is unsafe to legislate for fear that disloyal '
men will be irritated. Sir, we have got, by the '
strong arm of law and by the power of the sword,
to put down this rebellion and conquer in this
war, and thus secure enduring peace.
I3efore examining the arguments which have
oecn urged against these bills, 1 have to ask the
attention of the House to an examination of the !
amendments which have been proposed by dif- i
ferent gentlemen. And I desire, in order that they i
may understand what I wish to say, that gentle-
men will take the amendments and see that I pre-
scntthem to the House correctly. Peihaps 1 may
not discuss them precisely in the order in which
the votes will be given, but as I understand it, the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] will be voted
upon first, and if gentlemen will take bill No. 471,
and turn to the fifth division of the first section,
they will see the character of the amendment.
The amendment is to insert at the end of line
twenty-eight the following:
Provided, The persons thirdly and fifthly above described
shall have accepted their appointrnentor election since the
date of the pretended ordinance of secession of the State,
or shall have taken an oath of allegiance to the so-called
confederate States.
Now, there is no objection to that amendment
in my judgment. In form, it aids the bill, but
in fact I do not think it would be operative, be-
cause this false government has been in existence
now more than a year, and probably every officer
under each confederate State has been elected and
taken oath during the continuance of this war.
In all our States our elections are so frequent that
in all human probability there is no man, unless
it be that venerable judge of probate to whom
reference has been made, that has not brought
himself within the fair intent of any such enact-
ment, by willful engagement in the service of the
rebel States.
The second proposition which will come before
the House is in the nature of a substitute offered
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
As I understand it, his proposition is a substitute
for bill No. 471. Mr. Speaker, I should be glad
to know if that substitute has been offered in such
a way that the House will be brought to vote
upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the gentleman that it was regularly offered, but I
would like the permission of the House to modify
it in some particulars.
Mr. ELIOT It would, of course, be impossi-
ble for me to discuss the modified substitute with-
out having seen it. As it now stands, I can state
what it is. It contains the bill reported from the
committee, so far as the first, third, fourth, fifth,
and sixth sections are concerned. It contains the
first section without any alteration. The second
section of the bill of the committee is entirely
omitted from the substitute of the gentleman from
Vermont. That, in my judgment, is an objec-
tionable omission, inasmuch as the second section
in the bill reported by the committee only affects
willful traitors, men armed in rebellion, and only
then in case they do not return to their allegiance
within sixty days after proclamation and warning
by the President of the United States. That em-
braces a class of men, not perhaps so numerous
as they are intelligent, influential, and wealthy,
who have refused from the beginning to hold office
under either the national or State governments of
the confederacy, but who use their means, their
influence, and their position, the weight of their
names, and the weight of their purses, in aid of
the rebellion, to crush down the power of our
Government. And it is to take the propej ty which
is thus used against the Government, and to con-
vert it to the support of the Government that
that second section is directed. I think, there-
fore, it should not be left out of the bill which is
before the House.
The third, fourth, and fifth sections of this
amendment are like the thiid, fourth, and fifth
sections of the bill of the committee. In the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Vermont, the sixth
section is entirely new, and it is objectionable in
this respect. The sixth section is the one winch
provides the means out of which the loyal cred-
itors shall be indemnified, and it provides thattho
proceeds of the property taken shall be retained
in court foi six months; that in the course of that
time all persons having claims or liens against the
property shall have therightto prove theirclaims
and have their liens asserted. This section is ob-
jectionable because it changes the principles of
the bill. The bill provides that the money shall
go into the Treasury, and that loyai creditois
shall forthwith, or within the period of ninety
days, present their claims to the Secretary of the
Treasury, when they shall, without the formal-
ities'ofluw, without the expense of legal trial, be
adjudicated upon and settled.
• But this amendment is objectionable because it
provides not only for loyal men who hold liens,
but it provides also that all persons, whether
loyal or disloyal, who are creditors of the parties
whose property is confiscated shall come m and
prove their claims by bills in the nature of cred-
itors' bills, and have them allowed and paid.
I do not suppose that the gentleman from Ver- '
mont intended that his substitute should be open
to this objection; I do not suppose He intended.to *
protect disloyal and rebel creditors. His amend-
ment certainly will allow a disloyal man the same
rights in court that a loyal sufferer will have.
That is enough to condemn the whole amend-
ment, unless that is altered in his proposed modi-
fication.
The seventh section of the amendment is also
new, and I wish to say in reference to it that, un-
der certain circumstances, if such a section should
be proposed separate from other parts of the sub-
stitute bill, I think it would not be open to objec-
tion, and I should be perfectly willing personally
to have the seventh section of the substitute incor-
porated into the bill. I will say to the gentleman
from Vermont that there is such a provision in
the bills which are pending in the Senate, and if
we pass this bill, it is probable some similar sec-
tion will be added to it in the Senate. The section,
provides that, in addition to the forfeitures de-
clared before, in addition to the confiscation of
property, certain consequences and civil disabili-
ties should attach to parties who are in this rebel-
lion engaged m armed war.
.The next substitute is that which comes from the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton-,] which,
as I understand, is offered not as an amendment to
the first bill, but as a substitute for the second.
That, therefore, brings me to the consideration of
the second bill. To that bill there are these amend-
ments pending: first, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick;] second,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair;] third, the substitute of-
fered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard;] fourth, the substitute of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill;] and fifth,the
substitute of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Walton.] Now, sir, every one will recognize
the amendmentof the gentleman from New York
as being a germane and legitimate amendment.
Some of these amendments are open to serious
objections upon that score, but if there are any ob-
jections to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York they cannot be based upon the fact that
it is not a legitimate amendment to the bill itself.
The amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
is, I think, open to criticism, and I am inclined to
believe that, upon reflection, the gentleman himself
will hardly insist upon some of the provisions of
his substitute. One section of that substitute has
been pending in the Senate. I refer to the last sec-
tion, which empowers the President to make some
arrangement for voluntary colonization where the
laws of the States where these parties reside do
not permit their continued residence. It imght be
with propriety inserted in the bill. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] and the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] are in many respects sim-
ilar, and may be considered together. They are
alike as far as the end of the forty-first line of the
second section. Both propose to strike out after
the enacting clause, and then insert the first sec-
tion of the bill reported from the committee. The
fourth section of the substitute of my friend from
Missouri contains provisions, some of which arc
in themselves desirable, in my judgment, provided
the bill itself shall pass. The substitute of the
gentleman from Veiinont[Mr.Morrill] contains
provisions which are not contained jn the bill of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.]
Now, I want to show why these amendments
are incorrect. The substitutes leave the first sec-
tion of the bill as reported by the committee un-
touched altogether. The second section provides
that the President shall appoint a commission,
and that the commissioners thus appointed shall
find out the names of the slaves and report those
names to the court, and that the owneis shall then
be notified to come into court and show cause why
the decree of the court shall not be had. But there
is no way provided by which the commissioners
can ascertain the facts. They are not to put any-
body under oath. They have no power to ascer-
