1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the coal and through certain apartments that are
not needed, or that are supposed not to be needed
for.ammunition or stores; when they go into ac-
tion these gates are raised and the water is ad-
mitted. The action is fought, and then the water
is pumped up and the vessel is to be raised to its
proper height. That is the theory. It might be
a very good theory if everything else worked well.
If you were certain that the enemy would wait
until you got the water in, and your vessel was
sunk properly, and if you could sink it so that
you would have the proper amount of water in
each compartment, and so that it would not careen
either way, then it might be of value. But with
the water in the hold, as is proposed by Mr. Ste-
vens's plan, the vessel loses thebuoyancy that the
Monitor has, aed therefore would be much easier
sunk, as proposed by the Senator from Kansas,
than a vessel built upon the plan of the Monitor.
The Merrimac did attempt to sink the Monitor;
but she was so buoyant that she was just like a
corked bottle in the water, and when she was
struck she slid right off the prow of the enemy,
and hurt the enemy's vessel more than she was
injured herself; but if she had been sunk in the
water, deadened in her weight by water in the
hold, she would most inevitably have gone under.
There are various arguments uiged by thiscom-
mission in opposition to this portion of the pro-
ject of Mr. Stevens; but their report is in the hands
of ovt/ry Senator, and no doubt has been read. In
conclusion, the commission say:
" W> look with the deepest intero>t upon every addition
to the efficiency of our Navy, of whatevei character; gladly
hail every improvement made to anydepattmontof u; but
at the yame time wo cannot recommend the expenditure
of important sums of money upon projects of more than
doubtful success when put into practical execution; ami
ilierefoiB we do not deem n expedient to complete this
vessel upon tin- plans proposed."
Thatis the judgment of the commission. Now,
what arc we going to act upon? Are wc going to
take this opinion of our own professional officers,
who arc competent to judge on this subject, who,
at any rate, we in July last believed to be com-
petent to judge on this subject, and I believe them
now to be competent, or arc we to take the mere
declarations of gentlemen in regard to a matter
upon which no two of them, according to the
statements made here to-day,seemed to be Agreed?
Are we going to appropriate between seven and
eight hundred thousand dollars out of the public.
Treasury for the completion of a vessel, the plan
of which is not before us, the plan of which has
been changed lime and time again, and the speci-
fication of which no gentleman here is now able
to tell us anything afoul?
Mr. SHERMAN. I always listen with atten-
tion and respect to the remarks of the Senator
from Iowa, because I know he is always sensible
and practical, and his speech to-day illustrates it.
But heie is the difficulty in which wc are placed:
my friend is willing to risk $15,000,000 in the ex-
periment of building iron-clad vessels; and yet
they arc all experiments, every one of them. The
Warrior, and all that have been built in England
and France, arc experiments. The Monitor itself
wasa mereexperiment; and I should have wanted
no easier task than to demonstuite to the Senate
the absurdity of running such a tub upon the sea.
The idea of a vessel built of iron, sunk within
eighteen inches of the top of the vessel, navigating
the sea from the city of New York to the city of
Norfolk, could be made more ridiculous than any
proposition connected with the building of this
vessel; and yet it was done. Itwas a successful
experiment. Now, here is a vessel upon which
a gentleman of admitted capacity has been devot-
ing some twenty years of his life.
Mr. FESSENJDEN. The originator of it is
dead.
Mr. SHERMAN. He died, and it is continued
by his brother, a practical man. The condition
of the vessel is this: the United States has spent
$500,000 upon it, and that is gone. Mr. Stevens
has spent, out of his own means, two hundred and
fifty or two hundred and sixty thousand doliais
upon it. Having confidence in the experiment,
believing that it would succeed, believing that it
was a valuable investment,hecontinued to expend
money upon it, and it is now proposed that the
United States shall furnish half a million to com-
plete it, and that we shall also reimburse Mr. Ste-
vens the amount he has risked in this experiment.
As a practical proposition, I believe it is the sim-
plest, cheapest, and best experiment that could
be made. My friend from Iowa is willing to risk
$15,000,000 on an experiment that is no more
tried, that is no more tested, that is no more cer-
tain, than this Stevens battery. I am willing to
expend §500,000 to complete that battery, and
tlfen, in case it is completed and is successful, I
am willing to reimburse Mr. Stevens the money
he has expended upon it from his own means.
I will state that 1 had prepared an amendment
to the proposition so as to require the Navy De-
partment to make it a condition of the contract to
be entered into, that in ease it should not prove a
successful experiment, to be determined by the
President, the amount already expended by Mr.
Stevens overand above the amount paid him, shall
not be refunded to him. I think he still ought to
bear his share in the experiment. He has now
two hundred and fifty or two hundred and sixty
thousand dollars invested in this vessel that to him
is valueless, and to the Government is valueless,
until it is completed. I am willing that the United
States should join with him in the experiment,
and expend $500,000 more upon it, and m case the
experiment is successful, refund to him the whole
amount he has invested; but I think he ought to
bear that share of the l isk. It is a safe and wise
investment of money.
At the last session of Congress I opposed this
proposition, because we had no examination of it;
we had no report by a committee. It is true that
since that time we have had a report of a com-
mittee against it. They give their reasons; but
they admit that this vessel would be very valua-
ble. If we had the vessel completed now, there
is no Senator here but what would give $1,500,000
for it. There are certain advantages in the vessel
that are admitted by the committee. Its great
speed is admitted. It will attain from fifteen to
twenty miles an hour. They admit its capacity
for speed. As a propelling vessel to run into
another vessel, it is admitted on all hands it is a
success. It is a sharp vessel of rapid motion, of
great momentum; and if we had the vessel com-
pleted now as a battering ram, and useful for no
other purpose, without mounting a gun, it being
iron clad, would probably resist any shot that
could strike it, and having great speed, great
weight, great momentum, as a battering ram it
would be worth all it cost to the Government, if
it was now complete. The only doubt I have had
about it is that it will take two or three months to
complete it, in which time wo may have other
experiments and other vessels to try that opera-
tion. A huge amount of work has been expended
on this vessel, and a large amount of money in-
vested in Jt. It can be completed sooner than any
of the large vessels proposed to be built. It can
be completed in from sixty to one hundred and
twenty days,according to the number of men put
upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. Who says so?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what Mr. Stevens
says. As a matter of course, all these details will
be provided for by the contract. We do not fix
the definite terms of the contract by this appro-
priation, except the amount of money to be ex-
pended. The Navy Department can name the
time within which it shall be completed and the
terms upon which it shall be accepted. I propose,
in addition to that, to make it conditional that if
it does not prove a success, to be determined by
the President, Mr. Stevens shall not receive the
amount lie has already invested m the vessel over
and above the amount paid to him by the Gov-
ernment.
It does seem to me that as a matter of wise econ-
omy it would be better for us to risk half a million
of dollars, and complete this vessel. I know that
if I, as a citizen, could have the probable advant-
ages of this experiment to me as a citizen, I would
undergo the risk. Weareriskmgagreatdealnow
from the fear of the Merrimac and from the fear of
vaiious vessels on the Mississippi liver. There
is no one but what admits that feai. We aie guaid-
ing against it. The whole energy of our country,
the mechanical ingenuity of our people, North
and West, is now engaged in the construction of
vessels to guard against offensive blows. We do
! not look beyond that for the present. We cannot
t build large vessels to cope with the Merrimac in
| two or three months. We must therefore make
! experiments. Wc must risk money. Idonotthink
i we can do itinany better way than by completing
this experiment. The author of it spent many
years of his life upon it. He and his brother have
risked nearly a quarter of a million of dollars over
and above the money the Government invested,
upon it; and I think we cannot do better than com-
plete it. The public demand it. I think the public
voice ought to be heeded even in the Senate Cham-
ber. The commercial interest demands it; and
where so much is at stake we ought not to stand
for half a million of dollars—a sum that yourgen-
erals would waste in half a day's delay. A sin-
gle day's operations of this army lying now within
ten miles of the Capitol would be more than this
Government would risk in finishing this vessel. I
say, therefore, unless we are willing to undergo
that risk and appropriate this money, I do not think
we aie doing our full duty.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio in re-
ply to the remarks of the Senator from Kansas
labored some time to show that where a vessel met
another used as a ram, being propelled with great
power, she could not injure the vessel that she
attempted to crush or run over, unless she struck
her amidships or at the proper angle. I think he
was successful in that. Striking a vessel in the
bow, you might not run over or crush her. Stnlc-
ing her in the side, you might do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow me
to answer that now?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The value of a ram to strike
a vessel depends entirely on its speed. A vessel
running at the rate of twenty miles an hour can
strike another vessel running eight miles an hour
wherever it chooses, amidships or anywhere else.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator proposes to build
for a ram a vessel that will draw at best twenty-
four feet of water, when the depth of water over
the bar at New York is only twenty-six feet, and
thcrcfoiu she could be used as a ram only in ex-
treme floods, extreme high tides.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take this instance, if
my friend will allow me. Suppose she was now
off Fortress Monroe where the depth of water is
ample, where there is forty feet of water, and she
was stationed there as a guard, and the Merrimac
should approach her, and where she must pass
her, standing as a guard; I say,as a mere batter-
ing ram, she could prevent the passage of the
Merrimac, coming into deep water, where she
must come in order to pass the batteries at For-
tress Monroe,
Mr. GRIMES. I think I can explain to the
Senate about that. In the first place, these four
naval officers, who 1 apprehend know a great deal
more about the capacity of this vessel than cither
the Senator from Ohio .or I do, say she cannotgo
to sea; that it is utterly impossible to take her to
sea; and, therefore, if she can be used at all, she
must be used in New York harbor. The Sen-
ator's argument is based upon her great power
of piopulsion, from the fact that she has eight
steam engines in her; and he proposes to use her
as a ram. At the best, she will draw nineteen
feet of water. In fighting trim, in the condition
in which she would be if she was to meet an en-
emy, she draws twenty-four feet of water, with-
out these now projected casematcs of which the
Senator from New Jersey speaks. How much
she would draw with them nobody knows; but
without them she draws twenty-four feet of water.
Now, the entire depth of water over Sandy Hook
bar is twenty-six feet. She must, therefore, only
be used as a ram upon a small portion of the chan-
nel, and must meet all these vessels with bow on,
and the Senator himself, in his argumentin reply
to the Senator from Kansas, said it was impossi-
ble to destroy a vessel if you met it at that angle.
But suppose she gets around to Fortress Mon-
roe; yes, sir, suppose she was in the place of the
Monitor the other day: she could not have moved
afoot. The Merrimac was aground. The Mon-
itor only drew ten feet of water. She was here and
there and everywhere. She was passing around-
her. She stuck close to her all the time, just as
such an iron-plated vessel ought to stick.
Now, I say to the Senators from New York,
and I say to the commercial men of New York,
and I do not believe there is a wise, prudent, prac-
tical man in the city of New York who will not
agree with me, that if they want to protect their
harbor, instead of building these immense ships
costing $1,500,000, they should build half a dozen
small ones, not costing one half as much as these
