3318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Virginia that they shall be thus trampling under
their feet treasures which, if developed, would be
of untold value, but are valueless beneath their
feet in consequence of the antagonisms of State
policy which must ever exist until there is a sep-
aration between the sections ?
Upon these grounds, then, we place this issue;
not upon those other grounds. If those other
groundswerealonethe considerationwhich moved
us, I, for one, would cast my fortunes in the com-
mon bark, and when Virginia went down, if she
did, I would go down with her, as I intend to do
any how, so far as our natural fortunes are con-
cerned.
. But the Senator from Illinois takes occasion to
say that a division of the State will operate ngai nst
the reorganization of the eastern section of Vir-
ginia; that the Wheeling government,ns he calls
it, is a nucleus around which the other counties,
as they are relieved of the pressure that is upon
them, can be brought under State authority. Sir,
where is the county east of the Blue Ridge to-day
that can be reorganized by any other power than
that of military authority ? Not one. You tell
me of Alexandria. How long would Alexandria
acknowledge the authority of the government at
Wheeling if you were to withdraw your soldiers ?
How long would any other county east of the
Blue Ridge do it? There is not, in my estimation,
a county, and much as I regret to have tp say it,
let mo toll the Senator from Illinois that the only
mode by which Virginia can be brought into sub-
jection again to the Stale and national authorities
is by the stern power of the military arm. If this
new State is established it loaves the laws of Vir-
ginia as they now exist, both in the new State
and in the old State precisely the same as before.
There is the revised code, there are all the officers,
there is all the machinery of the law. What are
they worth in a civil point of view? Nothing.
You have to-day to enforce authority by the
sword, and you will have to do it still i£,you con-
tinue with the old State, and you will have this
embarrassment, you will have a civil authority in
the western part of the State incapable of exer-
cising any power in the eastern part of the State,
and it will be obligatory upon the United States,
before this rebellion is subdued in Eastern Vir-
ginia, to appoint a military Governor, and there-
fore you will have in the State of Virginia a mil-
itary Governor and a civil Governor. Separate
the sections and each can govern itself according
to the civil laws, and you will not be embarrassed
by thecivil government in one section of the State,
and you maybe left free to exercise the necessary
military authority in the other portions of the
State. All this matter about granting letters of
administration can be done about as well in the
State after the division as it can he now under the
existing state of affairs.
Again: the Senator undertakes to say, and urges
as another reason why this State should not be
divided, and the new State received into the
Union, that it would be the admission of another
slave State. So far as the slaves themselves are
concerned, what is the fact ? If you do not admit
the State, what is the fact? Every one. of them
will remain in perpetual bondage. I am arguing
the case now on his own principles; I am not say-
ing whether slavery is right or wrong; but I am
speaking gratia argumenli. Taking his own prem-
ises as true, and his views of slavery ns true, what
will be the result of his policy? If you do not
divide the State, it follows that every slave within
the limits of the proposed new State will remain
in bondage forever. And yet the people who de-
sire to become a new Commonwealth make a
proposition here to-day that all slaves born after
the 4th of July next, shall be freed, and that all
slaves over ten years of age shall be free at twenty-
one, and all over fifteen shall be free at twenty-
fivo. With that proffer to the honorable Senator
from Illinois, he would rather have no State at
all, because it would bring in a slave State, and
keep these slaves forever in bondage. There is
an old maxim, a homely one, but it is very true,
that half a loaf is better than no bread sometimes.
There is another remark which I wish to answer.
I happened to say the other day, and I reiterate
it now, upon the authority of personal communi-
cation with a great many citizens of Northwestern
Virginia, and upon ti e authority of a great many
letters which 1 have received within the last fort- ^
night, thatunless the relief isgrantcd to the people !
of that section of the State which this bill will af-
ford, thousands upon thousands of them will take
up the little all they have and find a home else-
where. Such is my information, and Ibelieveit.
But the honorable Senator inquired, how will the
erection of that section of the State into anew State
relieve us from the difficulties of which we com-
plain, how will it bring about security and peace
that will retain those citizens within its limits ? So
far as the enemy abroad are concerned, they can
invade us as well if we are erected into a new State
as they can without it; but we do not fear the en-
emy, we do not fear the national foe, we fear the
guerrillas in our midst, we fear the slumbering
secessionism that remains there, as my colleague
has stated; but give us this new State, and you
destroy at once that singular sentiment of State
pride,-and the new State having once been estab-
lished, those people will go with the State, ac-
knowledging, singular as it may seem, a supreme
allegiance to the State rather than to the United
States.
These are some of the reasons, but I want to
show to the honorable Senator from Illinois how
this thing will operate. Suppose the rebellion is
put down all over Eastern Virginia; suppose, as
I hope will be the case, that his prediction will be
fulfilled and that those secessionists may be driven
out: will our condition be any better? Our diffi-
culties are geographical; they are sectional. Look
at the state of facts in Eastern Virginia. The State
of Virginia is indebted to almost every man cast
of the Blue Ridge; almost every man has scrip for
a horse, or a wagon, or a bag of wheat furnished
to the confederate troops. Carry us back to East-
ern Virginia, and what is the result? This people
to whom the State government is thus indebted
will send to the Legislature men who will reflect
their will, and what will that be? They will en-
act laws not only to prevent our receiving any
benefit of the State revenues for improvements
in our western section, as we have always been
prevented, but we shall have imposed upon us,
through the overwhelming majority, through the
influence of the popular will, the payment of the
debts 'which Eastern Virginia has contracted in
sending men acrossour borders to murdcrourciti-
zensand burn our houses, besides having furnished
ten thousand men in resisting them, and paying
our proportion of the national debt. That will be
our condition if we are carried back into Eastern
Virginia; and it is no wonder our people are ex-
cited; it is no wonder that by scores they have
been beseeching the membeis of the Committee
on Territories, coming here from their homes at
their own expense, beseeching that now when
they may, they may havp a separate and independ-
ent, existence. It will injure no one; it will not
injure Virginia; it will not injure the Union. It
will give to this Union, and to those who desire it,
m due time a free State.
Mr. CARL1LE. I merely wish to notice a
personal allusion to myself by my colleague. I
have po intention to detain the Senate, but his re-
marks call for a reply from me. I will not say
that my colleague misrepresents three fourths of
the people that sent him here. He may suppose
that I do. That is a question which time will
settle. It is not my habit, never has been, to pro-
claim the position that I stand in with those whose
representative I am. Certain it is, that I endeavor
to take that course which I believe sincerely will
best subserve the interests of that people. 'Now,
I desire it to be borne in mind that no additional
expense will be imposed upon thcpcopIeot'North-
westcrn Virginia, who desire this separation, if
this bill shall be postponed until December, than
will be imposed if it passes now. Does not the
bill itself contemplate the assemblage of the con-
vention? Does it not contemplate the adoption,
on the part of that convention, of the conditions
contained in the hill?
Mr. WILLEY. Allow me to suggest that I
made the remark in regard to expense,"in reference
to my yielding to my colleague's other proposi-
tion.
• Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Carlilh.] a question. Sup-
pose that between now and December the progress
of our arms should be such that old Virginia sub-
mits again to the Union, would this new State ever
get the consent of old Virginia to its erection ?
Mr. CARLILE. The Legislature has given its
assent. It is not six months until Congress meets
again. No Legislature, I will say to the Senator
from Vermont, can be assembled, unless it is_as-
sembled in extra session, under our constitution,
until next December a year. By our constitution
our Legislature meets biennially. Its regular ses-
sion was last December. It has been convened
since in extra session, and unless convened in ex-
tra session there can bo no session of the Legis-
lature until December one year from this time.
Now, does the Senator suppose that if we should
take possession of Richmond to-morrow, with
our force, the civil government would be so reor-
ganized throughout the State that a Legislature
-composed of representatives from the various
counties of the State, now within the confederate
power, could be assembled by the reassembling of
Congress in December? Sir, it is a violent pre-
sumption to be made. There is no fear, there-
fore,that we shall lose the assent which our Legis-
lature has already given, by the repeal of the act
giving the assent.
And, sir, further, if you will postpone this bill
until December, you allow us of our own motion
to frame our own constitution, and we can, if we
shall deem it worth while to do so, come here at
the next session with a constitution emanating
from ourselves. Therefore, as it will not delay
us, as it will not add one dollar to the expense to
be incurred by our people, I think there is an ob-
vious propriety in the motion submitted by the
Senator from Illinois. If we were to be admitted
unconditionally, as we proposed to be, and as the
Legislature has requested us to ask for admission,
it would bS another and a very different question.
Now, sir, I have at heart as much as any man this
separation, but I have other things at heart, too.
I have the "peace and quiet of my section, and I
have the desire to afford to those who are engaged
in rebellion against the Government nothing like
an argument for its prolongation or its continu-
ance. .
But furthermore, Miv President, my colleague
says that when he yielded to me and submitted
the proposition which he did m lieu of-the one
which he first presented, he supposed he would
have my hearty cooperation. Sir, I supposed I
was yielding to my colleague. I supposed I was
doing for him that which I believed he would do
for me; relieving him from a dilemma that I did
not think he would like to be placed in. When
the yeas and nays were called-on my amendment,
I did not want to place my colleague in the posi-
tion of having to vote against giving the privilege
to the people he represents on this floor to pass
on these conditions, and therefore I yielded that
he should withdraw his amendment; and I was
willing that mine should be withdrawn, and that
he should substitute another in its stead that would
place him in a much better condition before his
people than he would be otherwise. I assented
to it out of kindness to him.
Now, Mr. President, my colleague'says that
this question of the separation of the State is older
than he is. So it is; but it is not by the bound-
aries here proposed, and the quotation to which
he alluded, from Mr. Webster, was looking and
addressed to the men west of the Blue Ridee. His
language is, " ye men west of the Blue Ridge of
mountains," as he opens the paragraph to which
my colleague has referred, and always heretofore,
up to May one year ago, we have looked to a sep-
aration by the line of the Blue Ridge; and the con-
vention—I acting in harmony with them—confined
.the first proposition,and the original pioposition,
to the counties of northwestern Virginia alone,be-
cause we knew that we were in no condition to get
a fair or open expression of the people elsewhere
upon the proposition. But, sir, it was not because
we would'not like to have our boundaries enlarged.
That fact is evidenced by the very papers now be-
fore the Senate. The very convention, the very
Legislature,"which gave its assent, gave an oppor-
tuniiy, and hoped that an opportunity would be
presented to the counties in the valley—Jefferson,
Berkeley, and Frederick—to come in, and contem-
plated their addition to our boundaries; but con-
trary to our expectations, these counties were, at
the time the vote was taken, in the possession of
the confederate armies, and therefore could not
vote.
Now, sir, if we let this thing alone, and let our
people act, we shall secure I believe an addition
of territory, we shall run our southern boundary
as it*now is still further east, goingacross alid in-
