1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
chiding the counties in the valley, which properly
belong, in a commercial aspect, to the same trading
community that we do. But we can at least do
this: we can secure the counties, through which
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad passes, which has
been a very desirable object from the very begin-
ning with our people. The Baltimore and Ohio
railroad enters the State of Virginia at Harper's
Ferry; it continues in that State, if the new State
shall be made under the proposition, until it en-
ters the county of Morgan, and under this bill if
we act we shall be confined to the counties named
in the bill, whereas if we are let alone and assem-
ble a convention of our own, we may attain that
desirable object, the placing of the entire line of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad within loyal States,
to say the least, if wc do not get the other coun-
ties named in the bill of the committee, and which
would give us a natural mountain boundary be-
tween us and the old State.
Furthermoie, the convention that originated the
convention that framed this constitution, and under
which this proposition has been brought before the
Senate, contemplated in the first place a natural
boundary, a boundary by the Alleghany mount-
ains. Now, sir, we are bounded by this bill alone by
imaginary lines. Takeyourmap and look,and tell
me why the county of Highland should not be in
ourStateaswellasthecounty ofPendleton. Sheis
more with us in interest, more directly connected,
and much easier of approach; she has fewer of that
peculiar population than has the county ofPendle-
ton or the county of Greenbrier that are taken in
with us. There is no natural separation under this
proposition between us and the old State. We
cross the Alleghany mountains to take in the coun-
ties of Hampshire,.Hardy, and Morgan, as pro-
posed under this bill, with no natural separation
between them and the county of Berkeley and ad-
joining counties. And when we speak of loyalty
there is not within the limits of the Slate of. Vir-
ginia, not upon the banks ofthe Ohio river to-day,
a more loyal people than the people in the county
of Berkeley. 1 will inform my colleague, whosays
there is no loyalty east of the mountains, if he does
not know it, that Berkeley county weeks ago went
on and organized under our Government,elected
their clerks, elected their sheriff, elected their pros-
ecu ting attorney, elected their justices ofthe peace.
I am informed also thateven down hereon the East-
ern Shore, the county of Accomacand probably the
county of Northampton have proceeded in the same
way. But, sir, if we arc ill a condition to do it, we
desire the addition of the counties through which
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad runs; and, there-
fore, as no thing can be gained by the passage of this
bill now, as the people can suffer no delay what-
ever, I prefer that we should be left alone to act
without being confined to the forty-eight counties
named in the amendment submitted by my col-
league. Will it not be prejudicial to the Union
cause in the valley of Virginia if the loyal people
there see that they are denied all opportunity of
giving expression to their wish to unite their des-
tiny with their fellow-citizens west of the moun-
tains, and does not the imposition of these condi-
tions contained in this amendment at this time
tend to confirm the charge that it is the purpose of
some to have two governments if they cannot
bring back the States shorn of the constitutional
right of regulating for themselves their own inter-
nal policy? «*
Mr. WADE. I want to say one word, and only
one word, because I understand a motion has been
made to postpone this bill until the next session.
There is no gentleman who knows exactly when
human nature is weak, just exactly the time to
strike, like my friend from Illinois. He under-
stands the wea'kness of human nature, ajid the per-
suasive argument towards dinnertime of a motion
for delay; and how arguments, otherwise without
weight and without much reason, press upon men
when they are pretty sure that they do no harm
to anybody, when they have done no positive act.
In accordance with our natural indolence, such an
argument is very apt to have weight, and yet it is
the most dangerous in a legislative assembly that
is ever made. Nobody knows it better than my
friend from Illinois.
Gentlemen say that I have said enough. I sup-
pose I have, and am not going to say much more.
Gentlemen ought not to admonish me much, for I
believe I never make ISng speeches. This is a
very easy wayforustorid ourselvesof thisques-
tion, but it will not be so satisfactory to those who
feel such a vital interest in itas the people of West
Virginia, who have sent their population here
almost en masse to urge it upon this Congress to
pass this measure and relieve them from the alarm
that they are under in consequence of the uncer-
tainty that they may be left in the hands of their*
enemies. That there is to bea separation is a fore-
gone conclusion, and no man has urged it upon
the committee more strongly than the Senator who
now opposes immediate action, [Mr. Carljle.]
He, of all the men in the committee, is the man
who penned all these bills and drew them up. He
is the man who has investigated all the precedents
to see how far you could go in this direction. It
was to his lucid mind that wo were indebted for
the fact that there were no legal or constitutional
barriers in the way of this proposition. He sub-
mitted to the labor; he did it cheerfully; he did it
backed by the best men of his State and section,
and what did they say ? They said, " we cannot
liv^ any longer with Eastern Virginia. Independ-
ent of the great controversy that has sprung up in
the nation, we have a controversy of old standing
that renders our connection with Eastern Virginia
absolutely impossible." He is the gentleman who
impressed their opinions up5n the committee as
strongly as anybody else, and what change has
come over the spirit of his dream I know not. His
conversion is greater than that of St. Paul. He
has persuaded us that the measure was right; he
has appeared side by side with his able Governor,
who urged this upon us as a measure vital to the
interests of the State that he represents. All at
once, after persuading us to bring the question be-
fore Congress, and when we expected his power-
ful aid to help us to push it through, we are brought
up all standingby bis powerful opposition. Why
did lie write, why did he investigate, why did he
persuade the committee that all was right? Why
did lie persuade us that there was scarcely a dis-
senting voice in all thatpart of Virginia, if now he
has discovered that it is all wrong' Why did he
resort to books, why did he go back to the old
Missouri compromise, and discover there the steps
that were taken to initiate that State? Why did
ha go back to the Rhode Island case, and to other
cases, and point them out to us ? No gentleman
urged the measure upon us more strongly than he,
inconncction with his distinguished associates, he
acting as their chief and then-spokesman, and yet
all at once, when we become earnest and see that
the people want this done, we have to encounter
his violent, determined, persistent opposition. Sir,
it is sheer trilling.
There is no reason on God's earth why, if West-
ern Virginia is ever to be a State, she should not
beadmittednow. The Senator from Illinois spoke
ofthe present confused and turbulent state of af-
fairs. Sir, amidst that turbulcnce is the very time
to organize it. When we have lost State after
State going out from the Union, and making war
upon it, is it not good policy for us to seize upon
the first State that offers her friendly hand to come
back to us into the Union? Does he want them
still to go, and never to hold out encouragement
that they shall return ? Is that good policy? He
says many States have gone out, and, therefore,
he argues, that when they want to come in, we
should keep the rest of them out. That is about
the argument he has made use of.
If there is anything in such an argument as that,
it is that this people, believing with us, being with
us in sentirnent, being with us in principle, being
a powerful barrier between our enemies and our
friends, should not be erected into a noble free
State as a breakwater between the secessionists of
tile South and the great Noithwcst. Is there any
time more favorable than this for the measure?
If all was calm, if all was peace, if all was just as
it should be, then to tear old Virginia asunder
might cause a commotion that would induce men
to hesitate. Now it is one of those things that the
exigencies of the times most eminently demand,
and it does not make a ripple upon the waters.
You can do justice now easier than you can begin
to contemplate it in other times. Now is the rime
for great events, when you see that a commotion
in the land has brought it within the compass of
your powty- to do a great and mighty good, to
perform it. To trcat the fact of that commotion
as a reason why you should not do it, is the nar-
rowest statesmanship in the world. Sir, this is
the time when you can do it without exctting pas-
sion. It is a time when you can do ample justice
to this people; for which they have been laboring
for years. They have been almost the slaves of
their eastern oppressors, and 111 ordinary times
we should not have the hardihood to do thetft jus~
tice. They could not appeal to us then, because
there stood powerful Eastern Virginia with her
heel upon their necks, and we were without the
courage to help them to rectify and to adjust their
grievances. Now things are reversed. Their
long-crying grievances are at our doors, easy to
be redressed. Let us not postpone that redress.
The task will be no lighter at the next session
than now. Those who oppose it now will oppose
it then. The whole subject is understood. After
going as far as we have gone, to yield now to the
argument of the Senator from Illinois woujd be
trifling with the feelings and the cause of these
Union men, who have sacrificed everything to
maintain the integrity of the Union and maintain
the principles which we all avow. Let us stand
by them; let us not be carried away by this argu-
ment and be deterred from coming up to the work
of doing justice, and doing it boldly; not shrink-
ing in acowardly manner, and saying " although
I see it is just, 1 would a little rather postpofie it
to some more convenient season." Sir, that is
not the way for a statesman to act. That meed of
justice which the exigencies of the times demand
should be done here now. We are able to do it
now. What time may bring forth we know not.
It is wisdom for a Legislature, when they have the
justice of the case before them, when they have
the facts before them, when they see that nothing
but good can result, to act promptly. Nothing
but mere cowardice will drive a man from the ex-
ercise of the godlike principle of justice. Let us
do it now and at once; let us reject this motion to
postpone.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetis. I move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The motion now is to postpone to the first Mon-
day of December next. The question must be
taken on the longer time first.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope we shall have the vote
now.
Mr. POWELL. T desire to say a few words
on this bill, but I give way to the Senator from
Massachusetts to make his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 am very
anxious to get the Senate to take up a bill and
pass it through to-night. 1 have waited patiently
all day for an opportunity. I am sure the vote
cannotoiow be taken on this bill. To-morrow at
twelve o'clock we shall have a full Senate, and
can vote on it then just as well. I hope, therefore,
the question will be put and the bill postponed
until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now is to postpone the bill until the first Monday
of December next. A motion to postpone until
to-morrow is not now in order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I shall not say that I want
to say only a word, but I am sure I shall not utter
more than twenty words; I just wish to give my
reasons. This question presents two aspects,
one a matter of law, and the other a matter of pol-
icy. A year ago I voted with joy to admit the
two Senators from Virginia to seats upon this
floor. They had been appointed by the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, and this Senate recognized the
legality of their appointment. The same power
has agreed to the division of the State. I appre-
hend the Senate by the vote which it gave 011 that
occasion has fixed the legality of the action of the
Legislature of Virginia. That settles the legal
question.
Now, with regaid to the policy. I understand
and believe that a vast majority of the people of
Western Virginia are looking here with tears in
their eyes, if men shed tears, anxiously hoping
that Western Virginia will be admitted as a State.
I am not willing to postpone, and run the risk of
having the whole ofVirgmia, by their Legislature,
when this rebellion shall have been ciushed out,
repeal this act, and subjecting the free people, the
freedom-disposed people of Western Virginia, to
any further dictation and tyranny exercised over
them by the people of Eastern Virginia. Having
said thus much, I shall vote against the proposi-
tion to postpone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
