3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
postpone the farther consideration of the bill until
the first Monday of December next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Browning, Carliio, Chandler,
Cowan, Davis, Dooltule, Howard, Kennedy, King, Powell,
Saulsimry, Stark, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson of Missouri,
and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Fessenden,Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, llai lan, Han is, Henderson, IIowe, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,McDougall, Morrill, Pomcroy,
Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—23.
So the motion to postpone did not prevail.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to assign very briefly
the reasons why 1 shall vote against this bill. I
discover by reference to the bill that there are forty-
eight counties that ask admission into the Union
as a, new State. Ten of these countics, 1 under-
stand,were not represented in the Legislature that
inaugurated the proceedings to form this territory
into a new State, to wit, the counties of Mercer,
McDowell, Webster, Pocahontas, Greenbrier,
Monroe, Hardy, Hampshire, Pendleton, and
Morgan. That leaves only thiity-eight counties
theft were represented in that Legislature. The
State of Virginia is composed of about one hun-
dred and sixty counties. Here we have less than
one fourth of the counties assuming to act for the
entire Stale. We have, perhaps, not more than
one fourth of the population, piovided all the peo-
ple within those boundaries ware in favor of form-
ing this new State. I do not believe that the ac-
tion of the limited number of people that I have
named in Western Virginia con by any fair con-
struction come within the meaning of that clause
of the Constitution which declares that—
<4 New States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union ; but no now State *hall ho formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be formed
by the junction ot two'ormoi estates or pai is of States, with-
out the co Hcni;of the Legniatuieri of the States concerned,
as well as of the Confess."
I know that something may bo said so far as
the precedent is concerned, as indicated by the
Senator from New Jersey, but I do not believe it
was ever contemplated by the Constitution of the
country, that less than one-fourth of the people
constituting a State should in revolutionary times
like these form themselves into a Legislature and
i ivc their consent to themselves to form a new
Stole within the limits of one of the States of this
Union. It is inaugurating a principle that, in my
judgment is dangerous, that is radically destruct-
ive of the great principles of the Constitution of
our country,and one I never can assent to. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. WilleyJ says the
people of -Western Virginia are very unanimous
m favor of this new State. I am informed that m
the last presidential election they cast something
like fifty thousand votes, ami that when this ques-
tion w.is submitted, only eighteen thousand three
hundred voted in favor of this new Stale.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave ofthe Senator I
will state that the Legislature and convention rep-
resented three fourths of, or almost unanimously,
the loyal people of Western Virginia-, and the Sen-
ator wjUl remember that in addition to the eight-
teen or nineteen thousand votes cast, there were
ten thousand men in the field away from their
homes, and it was a foregone conclusion, and
many of the people in the populous counties did
not come out, knowing it would be carried over-
whelmingly anyhow.
Mr. POVVELL. That may be, but we know
from the votes cast thatlaigcly mote than one half
the voters within the boundaries of this new State
declined to cast their votes, and that is a test, if
they weie at home and declined to vote, the pre-
sumption is that they were not in favor of the
new government or they would have voted. I do
not believe that we should act in this radical man-
lier, particularly in times like the present, if the
cities of New York and Brooklyn and the coun-
ties in which they are, were to get up a little bo-
gus legislature and say they were the State of
New York, and ask to be admitted and cut off
from the rest of the State, I would as soon vote
for their admission as for the admission of this
new State. No Senator pretends to claim tliatV
majority, that even a third of the people of the
State of Virginia, have ever had anything to do
with rendering their assent to the making of this
new State within the temtorial limits of that an-
cient Commonwealth. Suppose this revolution
should extend to one of the free States of the
Union, to Pennsylvania for instance, and less than
one third or one fourth of her counties should get
together and assume to setup a new government
or the government of the State, calling it if you
please the State of Pennsylvania, and were to de-
mand admission here as an independentState, and
present the act of that legislature,-constituted of
less than one third of her people and less than one
fourth of her counties, as the act of the people of
Pennsylvania, should we think that that was
really the act of the people of Pennsylvania yield-
ing their assent within the meaning of the Con-
stitution? I certainly should not. It is a danger-
ous precedent, one that is radical, one that, in my
judgment, overthrows the Constitution of my
country, and one that perhaps, in after time, may
be fraught with the most dire consequences.
I have very briefly, in the briefest possible man-
ner, stated the outline of the reasons why I shall
vote against the admission of this new State.
Here are nine counties that had but little ifanny
agency in forming this government; they too are
to be dragged into this new State, and perhaps
against their will. The whole thing, Mr. Presi-
dent, in my judgment, is ladically wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill be ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading ?"
The bill was ordered.to be engrossed and read
the third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. '
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken; resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Anthony, Clark, Coliamei. Fe^cnden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes Hale, Harlan, Hains, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeioy, Rice, Sher-
man, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wilvon ot,Massachusetts—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Browning, Carlilc, Chandler,
Cowan, Davis, Jlowaid, Kennedy, King, MeDougall, Pow-
ell, Saulsbuiy, Siaik, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wright—17.
So the bill was passed. >
PRINTING OF PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, i'hat three thousand extra copiesof the Pacific
railroad bill, as passed by Congress, be printed tor the use
ofthe Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, subsequently reported the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Frances Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S. Mc-
Cauley, praying compensation for the judicial
services of her husband as consul general at Tri-
poli, Barbai y, and Alexandria in Egypt, asked to
he discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the following bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 357) concerning enlistments in
the military service;
A bill (S. No, 391) to define the number of ma-
jor generals and brigadier generate in the military
service; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 90) authorizing the
President of the United States to purchase Jones's
improvement in operating heavy guns.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OK MR. SIMMONS.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the resolution
to expel Hon. James F. Simmons, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, from the Senate, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HOWE gave notice of his intention to'ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide a new article
of war.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
A motion, by Mr. HALE, to*print three thou-
sand additional copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a
resolution directing an inquiry into certain allega-
tions affecting the loyalty of officers, instructors,
and pupils at the Naval Academy, was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 395) in relation to military hospitals,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the bill (S. No. 394) to amend the act call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insuriections, and repel inva-
sions, approved February 28, 1795, and the acts
amendatory thereof, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that whenever the President
shall call forth the militia of the States, to be em-
ployed in the service of the United States, he may
specify in his call the period for which such ser-
vice will be required, notexceeding nine months;
and the militia so called is to be mustered in and
continue to serve for and during the term so spe-
cified, unless sooner discharged by command of
the President. If by reason of defccts in existing
laws, or in the execution of them, in the several
States, or any of them, it shall be found necessary
to provide for enrolling the militia and otherwise
putting the act into execution, the President is au-
thorized in such cases to make all necessary rules
and legulattons; and the enrollment of the militia
is in all cases to include all able-bodied male citi-
zens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five,
and to be apportioned among the States according
to representative population. The militia, when
so called into service, are to be organized in the
mode prescribed by law for volunteers. In addi-
tion to the volunteer forces which the President is
nowauthonzed by law to raise,he may accept the
services of any number of volunteers, not exceed-
ing one hundred thousand, as infantry, for a pe-
riod of nine months, unless sooner discharged; and
every soldier who shall enlist under this provision
is to receive his first month's pay, and also twen-
ty-five dollars as bounty, upon the mustering of
his company or regiment into the service of the y
United Slates; and all provisions of law relating
to volunteers enlisted in the service of the United
States for three years, or during the war, except
in relation to bounty, are to embrace the volun-
teers to be raised under this provision. For the
purpose of filling up the regiments of infantry now
m the United States service, the President may
accept the services of volunteers in such numbers
as they may be presented for that purpose for
twelve months if not sooner discharged; and such
volunteers, when mustered into the servicc, arc to
be in all respects upon a footing with similar
troops in the United States service, except.as to
scrvice bounty, which shall be fifty dollars, one
half to be paid upon their joining their regiments,
and the other half at the expiration of their enlist-
ment.
The bill further provides that the President shall
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a judge-advocate general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cav-
alry, to whose office shall be returned, for revis-
ion, the records and proceedings of all courts-
martial and military commissions, and where a
record shall be kept of all proceedings had there-
upon; and that no sentence of death or impris-
onment in the penitentiary, shall be earned into
execution until the same shall have been approved
by the President. There may be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, for each aimyin the field, a judge-
advocate, with the rank, pay, and emoluments,
each, of a major of cavalry, who shall perform
the duties of judge-advocate for the army to which
they respectively belong, under the direction of
thejudge-advocate general. Hereafter all offenders
in the army adjudged to be punished by a regi-
mental or garrison court-martial are to be brought
before a field officer of the regiment, who shalhbe
detailed for that purpose, and who shall hearand de-
termine the offense,andorder thepunishment that
shall be inflicted, and shall also make a record of
his proceedings, and sul^nit it to the brigade com-
mander, who, upon the approval ofthe proceed-
