-3t8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
, -tbe .Committee of the Whole House about one
-hundred reports from the Court of Claims, three
. fourths of which, I suppose, are adverse in their
nature. The object of the resolution is to bring
these reports before the Committee of Claims for
their nation.
Mr. ALLEN. Does that interfere with re-
ports from the Courtof Claims which have already
been referred to other committees?
The SPEAKER. The resolution only refers
to adverse reports. The law requires adverse re-
ports of the Court of Claims to be placed on the
Calendar of the Committee of the Whole House;
and when such reports are confirmed by the House
that is conclusivc upon the claims to which they
refer.
Mr. ALLEN, But certain adverse reports have
-already been referred to other standing commit-
tees of the House. I ask whether this resolution
interferes with them?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it applies only to such adverse reports as are
on the Calendar in the Committee of the Whole
House.
The resolution was adopted.
BRANCH POST OFFICES.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 118) to authorize the Postmaster General
to establish branch post offices.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is that a private bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a pub-
lic bill, and therefore not in order under this call
of committees.
CLERIC TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported (he following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Revolutionary Claims
be allowed to employ a cieik, at the u.-ua! compensation of
four dollars a clay timing the tunc ho is actually employed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the question that that
resolution is not piivute business, and therefore
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The committee is charged with
attending to claims private in their nature; and the
Chair thinks, in accordance with former prece-
dents, the resolution is in order.
Mr. DUELL. I demand the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. OLIN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask the consent of the House
to ask a single question in letalion to this resolu-
tion.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question I ask is
■whothoi it has been usual to allow this commit-
tee to employ acleik? 1 had the pleasure of serv-
ing with my friend from New York on I hat com-
mittee, during (lie last Congress, and while there
was considerable business before us, there are few
committees, 111 my opinion, which need the ser-
vices of a clerk less. The Revolution of 177G is a
failure, so far us any practical result of this com-
mittee foi this Ooiigtessiscuhceinod. ThisHousc
will not pass a single bill which my friend may
report, and I think thoiefore it is unnecessary to
incur the expense of a clerk.
Mr. DUELL. In answer to the question of
the gentleman from Indiana, I will say that this
lesolution asks only the same right for the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims which has been
conceded to a majority of the committees of the
House during the present session of Congress.
We ask simply the right to employ a clerk to be
paid four dolkus a day for the time he maybe
actually employed. I answer the gentleman that
no clerk was employed by this committee during
the last Congress; but I understand from an ex-
amination ot the books of that committee, that
prior to the last Congress, in several instances, a
cieik has been employed; and I am also informed
that the Committee on Revolutionary Claims in
the Semite are allowed to employ a clerk. I will
only say further, that the business of the com-
mittee is such as to demand that this privilege
should Ue given.
Mr. HOLMAN. One further question. To
illustrate the absence of any necessity for this
clerk, I des'iie to ask my friend from New York
how many bills reported by this committee in the
last Congress were passed; and whether there
was but one bill reported by us that passed both
Houses of Congress; and whether that was not
one that a majority of the committee believed
ought not to pass? There is no claim before that
committee that is not more than eighty years of
age. •
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, I venture to say
that more than one bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims passed the last
House of Representatives, and received the'ap-
proval of the President. At all events, if the gen-
tleman will look at the Calendar he will find more
reports from thatcommittec than he will perhaps
from any other committee in this House. I ap-
peal to the gentleman from Massachusetts for the
truth of what I say. It is a hard-working and
pains-taking committee.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
laid upon the table.
SAMUEL BENTZ.
Mr. DUNN. I am directed by the Committee
on Patents to report a bill for the relief of Samuel
Bentz, and to ask that it be put on its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
The bill was then read in extenso. It provides
that the Commissioner of Patents shall be author-
ized to examine the application of Samuel Bentz
for the extension of his letters patent, dated the
4th of March, 1848, and to decide thereupon in
accordance with the statute and rules governing
such examinations; and if it is found in the judg-
ment of said Commissioner within the statute pro-
visions that such patent should be extended, his
decision shall have the same effect in law as if
made the day on which the patent expired, not-
withstanding said decision shall have been made
after the original time of said patent shall have
expired, provided that application for such exten-
sion shall be made within six months from the
passage of this act.
Mr. MA YNARD. What special reason is there
for the passage-of this bill for the purpose of tak-
ing this ease out of the ordinary rules governing
all such cases? I hope that the bill will be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and the report ordered to be printed,
so thatwe shall have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] I would say, the object of this bill is simply
to relieve the inventor from his mistake as to the
time when his patent would expire. The law re-
quires that sixty days' notice of the intention of
the patentee to apply for the renewal of his patent
must be given, and this notice must be given prior
to the expiration of the patent. This patent will
expire the 4th of March next. The notice requited
by law cannot be given. The committee unani-
mously instructed me to report the bill. The patent
is for a process for hulling or unbianning wheat.
It has as yet been introduced only to a very limited
extent. This is not a bill to renew a patent that
has already rewarded the investor. Its renewal
will notbe injurious, but, asthecommittce believe,
useful to the agricultural interests of the country.
It is supposed the process invented will largely in-
crease the yield of flourfrom wheat. The inventor
has spent many years and a large amoun t of money
in his efforts to perfect and introduce his inven-
tion . All that he now asks is, that he may be re-
lieved from the mistake already referred to. The
bill, if passed, will leave the whole question of the
renewal of the patent to the decision of the Com-
missioner of Patents, as in other cases. Every
invention calculated to cheapen biead is entitled
to the favorable consideration of this House.
Nlr. WASHBURNE. I do not know any-
thing about this particular case; but I do know
that, there are a great many such cases, and that
generally they aic to be regarded with distrust. I !
should like to know what occasioned the inad- !
vertence on the part of the party in this case? j
Mr. DUNN. The inventor thought that his j
patent expired on the 19th of September; but, for '
some leason connected with foreign patents, it j
was antedated, and it was that that caused the |
mistake which wns made. j
Mr. EDWARDS. Is there any provision in j
the bill to save tho right of any person who may ;
have acted upon the cxpiiation of this patent? * i
Mr. DUNN. The patent has not yet expired,
and therefore no such right has or could accrue.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let the bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, so thatwe -
may be enabled to examine it.
Mr. DUNN. I demand the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. Notpending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What is the reason
for extending the time of this application for six
months from the day of the passage of the bill?
Mr. DUNN. It .does not extend it for six
months, but provides that he shall make his ap-
plication within six months.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What is the article
or machine patented?
Mr. DUNN. It is a process for hulling wheat.
I understand the inventor has expended a large
amount of money in trying to perfect his ma-
chinery, and that he has not yet received any re-
muneration for his invention. The Commissioner
of Patents is authorized,under the law regulating
the extension of patents, to examine whether an
inventor has been remunerated sufficiently, and
if in his judgment the inventor has received re-
muneration^ he can refuse to grant a renewal of
his patent. I think that this is a very meritorious
case, and I hope that there will be no fuither ob-
jection to its passage.
Mr. EDWAP^DS. I think that the facts which
have been stated show that the inquiry I made
was a pertinent one, and that there will be an
interval when persons, thinking the patent has
expired, may exercise their rights under the law.
If they do exercise that right, then, under this
bill, they will be liable to damages for violating a
patent, when really no patent existed. The bill
provides that this man may apply for a patent
any time within six months from its passage.
Suppose he should not apply for two months after
the expiration of the patent, there will be a time
when there will be no patent in existence, yet
when, if any person exercises his right to use
this invention, he will be liable to damages.
Mr. DUNN. The inventor would not be en-
titled to damages in such a case. I understand
that the machinery is expensive, and that there is
no fear of anybody manufacturing it in that in-
terval. If it be acceptable to the other members
of the Committee on Patents, 1 will not object to
restricting the time to thirty days.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion, so that the bill may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. DUNN. I withdraw the previous question
long enough to move the amendment I have indi-
cated, restricting the time to thirty days; instead
of six months, and then I renew the demand.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
43 noes 54
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
They were not ordered.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill. I want to see
whether the farmers are to be taxed for this ma-
chinery any longer.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Tiie question was taken on Mr. Dunn's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to; and then the bill, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. DUNN demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
S The previous question was seconded, and the
| main question ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
