1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itoi
occurred in naval warfare, not only in the manu-
facture of vessels of war, but in the use and man-
ufacture of projectiles which were to prove de-
structive in that warfare, the contractor and the
agent of the Government, (the Secretary of the
Navy for the time being,) sometimes in written
contracts and sometimes, I believe, with under-
standings and in consequence of letters, agreed 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to say that it is all before me here, all in print? I
sent for the whole of the papers to the Depart-
ment. There never was but one variation of the
contract, and that was two years after the first
one was made. There were no letters whatever.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I see that there is a copy
of a contract as late as 1848, among the papers,
and the Senator from Maine referred only to one
in 1842 and one in 1843. I have here on page 10 of
this published document (Executive Document
No. 34, Thirty-Seventh Congress, second session)
which I have first seen this morning, an agree-
ment entered into between John Y. Mason, Sec-
retary of the Navy, and Robert L. Stevens, bear-
ing date the 9th day of September, 1848, which
does not, so far as 1 know, vary materially the
character of the work, but even then extended
the time for the completion of the vessel for four
years, which carricd it over to 1853.
Mr FESSENDEN. That I stated; but itdoes
not change the contract a particle.
Mr. TEN EYCK. What, then, arc the facts?
The Government contracted for this vessel with
a distinguished naval builder; for, notwithstand-
ing the little allusions which have been made by
the Senator from Maine as to the high character
and genius ot Robert L. Stevens not running
through his family to the latest generations, 1 bug
to say that it has extended to some remote
branches of the original family, beginning with
the father of Robert L. Stevens; and they are to-
day among the most distinguished scientific men
in the country. Here was the project of a large
naval vessel to be constructed for the defense of
the United States in any wars that we might bo
involved in. There was no immediate necessity
for the completion of the vessel; there was no im-
mediate necessity for drafts upon the Treasury.
1 do not perceive, from any of the documents
printed and laid on the table, that the Government
ever urged the completion or finishing of this ves-
sel, or ovei complained or found fault with Robert
L. Stevens for not completing the vessel within
the time originally specified; but on the contrary,
we find that.attwo different times, on his applica-
tion, the period was extended without the slightest
objection; and on the last occasion the proper au-
thorities stated that the application was reason-
able. No injustice should be done to Robert L.
Stevens, the original contractor, or those who
came after him, because he did not complete the
vessel within the period of time originally limited,
when it is well known, and must bo manifest to
the Senate from the published documents, that
there was no greater anxiety on the part of the
Government to have the vessel completed than
there was on the part of Robert L. Stevens to
complete it.
The contract was changed after it was origin-
ally entered into, from the necessities of the ser-
vice, for as vessels of war were improved, and as
shot and projectiles bccame more and more dan-
gerous, it becamc necessary to clothc tins vessel
with a more permanent and substantial garniture
to protect her from the force and effect of an ene-
my's balls. So it was that as improvements took
place in naval warfare, changes were made from
time to tnne by Robert L. Sevens, and which
eventuated in the vessel being extended from the
length of two hundred and forty feet to something
like four hundred and twenty feet, her breadth
was increased, her clothing or clading, if I may
use the expression, wns strengthened, the shot or
shell which weie prepared for her were changed,
her armament was increased and strengthened,
almost every particular connected with the vessel
was changed; and all this was done with the
knowledge and at least the tacit understanding and
assent of the Navy Department, although it may
not have been reduced to writing and may not
have been placed upon our desks. On that point
let ine call the attention of the Senate to a well
recognized principle which should apply as well
to tin: Government as to an individual. Suppose
a man undertakes to build for another a house of
a certain size and dimensions, with materials of it
certain description, for a particular price; and af-
terwards the con tract is from time to time changed,
the time limited for its completion is extended,
and the person for whom the house is being built
seeing a necessity for a change of the plan grow-
ing out of the altered circumstances of the times
stands by and tacitly assents to (without actually
authorizing) the construction of a house of an
entirely different character costing twice or three
times the amount originally stipulated: is not the
owner bound in point of law to pay for the work
and labor done and materials furnished? Here the
Government and the contractor felt a common
inteiest in the experiment, and the Government
really agreed, though not technically by written
contract, to tho enlargement of the plan. Would
not the Government under such circumstanccs be
legally liable to pay to the person thus construct-
ing the vessel the actual costincurred in work and
labor and in materials furnished, if the Govern-
ment could be sued in court? If I recollect the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States aright, they are distinctly and directly to
that point; and so are the decisions of the several
State couits of the Union. In myjudgment, as
an unpretending lawyer, under the circumstances,
Robert L. Stevens or his executor this day has a
strictly legal as well as an equitable claim on the
Government of the United States for the expend-
itures he has been at in completingthis vessel,for
the work and labor bestowed upon it, for the ma-
terials furnished in its construction. It is well
enough, perhaps, for the Senate to take that ele-
ment into consideration in view of the suggestion
that has been made, that Robert L. Stevens in-
clined this vast amount of expense upon his own
mere motion, or to please his own fancy, or to
carry out the vagaries of his own ideal, skillful
mechanism !
I Jut it is said that since the last session of Con-
gress we have had the report of a commission on
this subject—a commission of scientific, skillful
men—naval officers. Well, sir, how far the sail-
ing of a ship, even as acommodoie, or education
in the Navy upon the deck of a vessel (the object
of which is to give the officer a knowledge of the
mode in which the enemies of his country arc to
be met and overcome) will qualify a man to judge
of the sailing capacities, characteristics, and qual-
ities of the vessel itself, I am not able to say. We
have hero the report of the commission, signed
by Commodore Stringham, Commodore Inman,
and Captain Dornin. We have heard since the
commencementof this session thata distinguished
commodore of our Navy—no man will question
his ability in the line of his duty—was appointed
to purchase ceitain vessels for the Navy of the
United States in the city of New York, and that
he committed most grave and egregious errors in
the puiehase of those vessels, with regard to their
character, their sufficiency for the purpose for
which they were designed, and their value.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator alludes
to Commodore Creese.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I cannot allude to any other
person.
Mr.GRIMES. I have carried for several weeks
a letter from Commodore Breese, which he handed
to me, desiring that it should be made public in
justice to him, in connection with this subject. I
have not had an opportunity before to present
it; 1 have been waiting for somebody to allude to
the subject that I might do so. If the Senator
will allow me, I will now send it to the desk to be
read.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator can submit.it
after I get through. I had not the slightest idea
of reflecting m any way upon the charactcr or
leputation of Commndoio I'reeee. I onlyalluded
to him by way of illustration,and in no otherway.
Air. GRIMES. I understand that; but I have
been carrying I his letter for some time; and I have
been waiting for ail oppoitunity to occur that I
miirht legitimately get a before the Senate and the
country.
Air. TEN EYCK. Although I desire to be as
pleasant and couiteousto my friend from Iowa
as I know how, I do not think that this is exactly
the proper time for him to interpolate that letter.
Ail. GRIMES. When the Senator alludes to
Commodore Breese as having been guilty of very
great deieliction of duty in the purchase of ships,
it is legitimate for me 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Oh, no; I disclaim any such
idea. I know he is a gallant officer; he is efficient
in the performance of his peculiar duties as a naval
officer; but I say that, from the evidence which
has been before the Senate during the present ses*
sion, with all this ability and all this skill and all
this gallantry, he was a very poor judge of the
character of the very planks upon which he had
walked, and of the value of vessels which he had
commanded, or which he was charged with the
procurement of for the purpose of being placed in
the American Navy to be commanded by naval-
officers.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will pepnit me to
say that there is no such evidence as that before
the country; there isamere declaration that some
vessels which were bought, not that Commodore
Breese had ever walked upon or sailed in them,
were bought at too great a price. That is the only
allegation.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Some of them were ineffi-
cient, and he paid by far too large a price for them>
as I understood the evidence.
Mr. GRIA1ES. No, sir; it is not charged at
all that any of tho vessels he bought were not per-
fectly seaworthy and adapted to the purpose for
which they were bought. The only allegation is,
that he paid too great a price for them.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know the Senator feels
a lively interest in the officers of the Navy, but
he cannot feel more than I do for them. No one
would be less apt than myself to say a single
word to their detriment or that would be calcu-
lated to rob them of their character.
Mr. GRIMES. I am but slightly acquainted
with Commodore Breese. I only thought, in jus-
tice to him, as the allusion had been made, that
this letter should be made public.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That was not the point. I
only made tho allusion by way of illustration to
show that even a commission of naval officers,
when they arc acting outside of the line of their
own peculiar duties for which, and for which
alone, they have been qualified by their educa-
tion, arc not to be entirely relied upon when they
give their opinion upon extraneous matters, or
matters which are outside of the particular line of
their investigations.
Mr. GRIMES. How did the Stevenses get
their knowledge of these matters?
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Stevenses got theirs by-
being mechanics from the start. Old John Ste-
vens, the father of Robert L. Stevens, was a man
of strong mind, great intellect, extensive inform-
ation, and hard study; and he was originally, if I
understand aright, a mechanic, a self-made man,
wi th muscle to carry out the designs which a strong
mind had framed, and his children have partaken
of the characteristics of their father.
The other gentleman upon this commission, be-
sides those naval officers whom I have named,
except the one who dissented, was Alban C. Stim-
ers; and if there can be any allegation to tho prej-
udice of a person like Professor Hemy upon the
ground that his mind could be possibly warped
by the consideration of his having occupied for a
few years a professorship in a college in the State
of New Jersey, it may possibly be the case that
the fact of Mr. Stimers being the engineer of the
Monitor, callcd upon to make this investigation
at the very time that the Monitor was in process
of construction, the Monitor lying on one side of
the city of New York and the Stevens battery
upon tho other, when there was growing up under
his hand, guided by the superior genius of Erics-
son, this Monitor, which was so soon to come into
public notice and into the public service, may ac-
count in some slight degiee for a feeling of hos-
tility which ho might have to the Stevens battery,
or aiford some reason why his judgment should
be biased with respect to its character.
Mr. THOMSON. Will my colleague allow me
to say that perhaps the occupation of a room in
Captain Ericsson's house might have had some-
thing also to do with it?
Air. TEN EYCK. I know nothing about that.
I only mention his connection with the Monitor
in response to the allegation which has been made
against Professor Henry; and if that is entitled
to any weight or consideration, I adduce these
facts m connection with Air. Stimers, who is no
doubt a scientific man, to show that by possibility
he may be somewhat biased and improperly in-
lluenced in the judgment which he has given in
