1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
be null and void : and it shall be-a sufficient bar to any suit
brought by such person tor the possession or the use of such
piopeity or any of it, to allege and prove that he is one of
the peisons described in tins section.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That to secure con-
demnation and sale of any of such property, situate and be-
ing in any State, district, or Territory ot the United States,
pioccedings in rem shall be in&titutcd in the name of the
United Slates in any district court of the United States, or
in any territorial court, or in the Untied States disuict
eouit for the District of Columbia, within which the prop-
erjy above described, or any part thereof, maybe found, or
into which'the same, if movable, may he first brought,
which pioceedings shall conform as liearJy as may be to
proceedings in prize cases, or to cases of foifeiture arising
under the revenue laws ; and the said property so seized
and condemned, whether real or personal, shall be sold,
under the decree of the court having cognizance of the ease,
and the proceeds deposited in the Treasuiy of the United
States for their use and benefit.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the several courts
aforesaid shall have powei to make such orders, establish
such forms of decree and sale, and direct such deeds and
conveyance© to be executed and delivered by the marshals
thereof whore real estate shall be the subject of sale, as
shall fitly and efficiently effect the pui poses of this act, and
vest in the purchasers of such property good and valid titles
thereto. And the said courts shall have power to allow such
fees and charges of then ofiicers as shall be reasonable and
proper in the premises.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the property
seized as aforesaid shall be used, occupied, rented, or held,
under the direction of the Secretary ot the Tieasury, until
judicial proceedings shall be had as herein provided, when
proceedings in rem shall be instituted and prosecuted to
judgment and sale in the mode aforesaid, and the proceeds
applied as aforesaid: Provided, That perishable articles
seized under this bill shall be used or sold, puisuant to
such rules as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the proceeds applied as above piovided.
Sec. U. And be it further enacted, That the several dis-
trict courts of the United States shall have power to do
everything necessary or proper to cairythis act into full
effect. And the Attorney General, or any district attorney
of the United States, or of any district in which the said
property may at the time be, or into which the same may
be taken, shall institute the proceedings aloresaid.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That m all cases aris-
ing under this act where the proceeds of gpopeitv sold shall
be paid into the Treasury of the United States'a distinct ac-
count shall be kept thereof, and any loyal creditor of the
formei ownerof such property may within ninety days,and
not thereafter, except as herein piovided, exhibit his claims
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, upon proof of the
loyalty of the claimant and the justice of the claim, shall
have power to allow and pay the same out of such proceeds:
Provided, That if the several claims exhibited and ascer-
tained shall exceed the amount so deposited m the Treas
urv, they shall be rateably paid: And provided further,
That in no event shall any Jaiger -sums be paid fiom the
Treasury than have been deposited there on account of the
said property: And provided also, That no claim shall be
received or examined which has not been exhibited within
the said ninety days, unless the claimant shall show and
piovc good and sufficient cause, without fault on his part,
for neglect or delay, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and according to such rules as shall be pre-
scribed by him for all like eases, and the judgment of the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be final m the premises.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. fll.ur, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Brown, Buftinton, Campbell, Chain-
bet lin^ Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng, lloscoe Conk-
ling, Cutler,Davis,Duell, Dunn, Edget ton, Edwaids, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Fiank, Goueh, Goodwin, Gurley,
Ilickman, Hooper, Hutchms, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellosg, William Kellojig, Kilhngei, I^nsing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, McKnight, McPhcrson, Mitchell, Mooihead, An-
son P. Morrill, Justin S. Moinll, Noel!, Olm, Patron, Pike,
Pomeioy, Porter, Potter, John II. Rice, Kiddle, Edvvaid
H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sloan, Spauldmg,
Stevens, Stiatton, Trimble. Trowbridge, Van Ilorn, Van
Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wa^h-
burne, Wheclei, Whaley, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Worcester—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Aneona, Bruly, Biddle, Jae.oh B
Blair, George II. Browne, Calveit, Clements, Cobb, Corn-
ing, Cox, Cravens, Cusfield, Cuttenden, Dawes, Delano,
Diven, Dunlap, English, Fisher, Granger, Glider, Haight,
Hall, Haidiug. Hanison, Hotmail, Hoiton, Johnson, Kerri-
gan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Malioiy, May-
nurd, Menzies, Nixon, Noble, NoiTon, Nugen. Odd!, Pen-
dleton, Perry. John S. Phelps, Price, Alexander II. Rice,
Richardson, Robinson, James S. llollins Segar, Sheffield,
Shiel, Smith, John Ji. Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tram, Vallandigham, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webstei, Wickhffe, Wood, and
Woodiuff—68.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HANCHETT stated that he had been
called out of the House by a constituent at the
timo his name was called, and he asked leave to
have his vote recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio, stated that he was
paired with Ins colleague, Mr. Bingham.
The vote was announced as above tecordcd.
Mr* ELIOT moved.to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was-passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon'the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the next question in
order to be House bill No. 472, to free from servi-
tude the slaves of rebels engaged in or abetting the
existing rebellion against the Government of the
United States, on which the main question was
ordered, and that the question was first on the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.]
The amendment of Mr. Blair, of Missouri,
was read, as follows:
Add as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the President
shall appoint one or more commissioners for each State by
whose laws persons are held to service or labor for life to
make a list of the names and residences of the persons in
the States, respectively, held to service and labor by any
person described in the foregoing section, and of the names
of the persons entitled to such service or labor, which list
shall be returned as speedily as maybe to thedistrict'court
of the United States for the district where the person held
to service and labor may reside; and immediately on such
return the district courtshall publish the said hstof names,
and an order requiring all persons claiming the service or
labor of any of the peisons named in the list to appear and
show cau^e why such person owing service or labor should
not be dischaiged therefrom, under this act, at the next
term of said court. And on failure of any one to appear
and claim thcscrviccor labor of any of the persons reported
to owe the same, such person shall be declaied free by the
court; and on appearance, the claimant shall file with his
application an affidavit that he has not been engaged in the
rebellion against the United States, nor aided and abetted
the same, nor given aid and comfort to those engaged there-
in; or if he have been so engaged under compulsion, he
shall state the fact and the^nanner of the compulsion, and
prove the compulsion to the satisfaction of the court; and
on application, accompanied by such affidavit, thcattorncy
for the United States, or any one on behalf of the peison
held to seivice or labor, must prove to the satistaction of
the court that the claimant did engage in rebellion, or aid
and abet, or give aid and comfoit to those engaged therein ;
and on such proof the person whose service or labor i-?
claimed, or on the failure or lefusal of anyclaimanttotakc
the affidavit above required, or to prove the compulsion
when it l^ alleged as an excuse, the court shall declare the
peison whose service or labor is claimed free from such
service oi labor; and the couit shall give every person so
discharged a ceitificate of the fact of such discharge under
the seal of the court; and such certificate shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the freedom of such person from all ser-
vice or labor against all persons whatsoever, and m all
courts of the States or of the United States.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That all persons to
whom such certificates shall be granted shall be subject to
such tegulations for the preservation of order as maybe
made by the commissioners m each State under the direc-
tion of the President; and they may, under the direction of
propei agents, to be appointed by the commissioner*, be em-
ployed in cultivating lands belonging to the United States,
or in other n - ml labors; and they may al«n be employed
at the discretion and under the direction of the command-
ing officers of the Auny, and with the consent of the com-
missioners; and for such services they and the aforesaid
agents Mi all leeeive reasonable wages, to be fixed by the
commissioners, and paid at proper intervals, as he shall
deteinune.
Sec. —. And bo it further enacted, That it «hall be the
duty ot the commissioners in each State to take charge of
all persons libeiated under the provisions of this act, and
employ them as in the foregoing rection, or bind or inden-
ture them as apprentices to loyal propuctors of land, or to
mechanics, for terms not exceeding five years in ease of
peisons ovei twentj-oue years of age, and in e.vse of pri-
son* under the age of twentv-onc years for teims winch
shall expuebefoieoras-oona^ they attain the age of twen-
ty-rive years. And he shall make such regulations, under
the direction of the President of the United States, for the
I government, control, and protection of such employes and
apprentices as may be humane, propei, and expedient, and
shall contract in then behalf with said pioprietors or em-
ployers to pay reasonable wagp^ for the labor of said em-
ployes or apprentices, and suitably lodge, clothe, and subsist
them during then term of employment or apprenticeship,
and «hall icquirc good security for tho peiformance of said
contracts; and the wages --o received Miall be paid over to
the Government of the 'United States, to be held in trmtfor
the benefit of such empkn es oi apprentices, and expended
heieinafter piovided
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to acquire, by pur-
chase, lor the Government of the United State-*, any lands
or countnes m Mexico, Cential Atnenea, or South Amer-
ica, or m the islands of the Gull of Mexico, or to acquire by
treaty from the Government of any of said countries the
nsht of settlement upon the lands of «-aid countiie-j; and
whenever any lands shall have been so acquired, oi when-
ever the l igi.t oi'seitlementshall have been sccured by treaty
in any ot said land-, then the President shall cause all the
persona who shall have he< n libeiated underthe provisions
of this act, in thos) States m which their residence is pro-
hibited by the laws of said States, to be removed by their
own consent, at s-uch times and under &ueh regulations as
he may deem expedient, to the countnes so acquired, or in
which the ugh*.of settlement has been so secured, and MiaH
cau=e a lea^onablo quantity of land, not exceeding foity
acie* of land to any individual, or eighty acies of land to
the head ot a lauiiiy, to tie set apart foi the use of such lib-
eiated peisons*, and t h.«li guaianty to all ?uch persons so
removed all the civil and political rights seeurcd to all other
citizens in .said countries? -and for the,purpose of .paying
tbe; expense of the removal of said persons,?the, President
shall .use the moneys wMeb have been yarned, by said lib-
erated persons by. their labor, .either in .the.ejBployment of
the Government or from other persons to,whom.they have
been indentured, and such other sums of money„as Con-
gress may from time to time direct^ arising "(nit of th^'gales
of the property formerly owned tby rebels, and which -shall
have been confiscated to tfie use of the United; States.* ,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri* demahdedj&etyeas
and nays. - - t.j/
The yeas and nays were ordered. ; i
The question was taken'; and itwas-jdeci^ecl in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 95; as followe: n
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Baker,Baxter."Francis
P. Biair, Campbell, Clements, Colfax, Roscoc ConkUng,
Dawci, Delano, Diven, Dunn, Eftgerton, Edwards, Fenton,
Fisher, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Guiley, Kelley, Kiltinger,
Mclvnight, McPhetson, Maynard, Moorhead, Anson p.
Morrill, Justin 8. Morrill, Nixon, Olm, Pattort, Timothy <3.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Jame3 S. Rollins, Shanks. Stratton,
Train, Trimble, Verree, Wallace, E. P. WaJtori, Wash-
burno, Wheeler; Whaley, Albert S. White, and Worces-
ter—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, AslHey, Babbitt,
Biuly, Beaman, Biddle, Ja.cob B. Blair, Samuel S. Biair,
Blake, George H. Browne, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Calvert, Chamberhn, Clark, Cobb, Frederick A. ConkUng,
Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis,
Duell, Dunlap, Eliot, English, Fessenden, Granger, Grider,
Ilaight, Hall, Hanchett, Harding, Harrison, Hickman, Hoi-
man, lloopei, Horton, Hutching, Johnson, Julian, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lansing,
Law, Lazeai, Leary, Lehman, Lovejoy, Malloiv, Noble,
Noel!, Norton, Nugen, Odell, £endleton, Perry, John S.
Phelps, Potter, Pi ice, John H. Rice, Richardson, Robin-
son, Saigcnt, Sedgwick, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Sloan,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiowbridge, Val-
landigham, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wall, Ward. Web«ter, Wicklifie, Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, and Woodruff—-95.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. ELY, not being within the bar when his
name was callcd, asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. bEDGWicK, as follows:
Add:
And whereas the several States of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama^Missis-
stppi, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, wickedly
and unlawfully combining under the title of the confederate
Stales of America, have, together, made war upon and re-
belled against the Government of the United States, and
continue m such state of war and rebellion : Therefore,
Sec. 3. Be it fwither cnactcd, That every commanding
miluaiy or naval ofiicer whose military district shall em-
brace any portion of the above named States may, and it
tshall be his duty, by proclamation or otherwise, to invite
all loyal peisons to come within his lines and be enrolled
in the sei vice of the United States; and it shall be lus duty
to einoll every such loyal person and to employ such of
them as maybe necessary in the service of the United
States and no person so enrolled and declaring his loyalty
to the United States shall ever thereaftci be held to invol-
untary fcei vice or labor, (except as a punishment for crime,)
any law oi reculation of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing: Provided, That if the slaves of any person or per-
sons who have been and continued lojal to the Government
of the United States shall be made free by the operation of
this section, such loyal citizen or citizens shall be entitled
to just and icasonable compensation lor his claim to the
service or labor of such slave : And provided further, That
if the slaves of any peioon or persons who are minors or
matt ied women shall be made fiee by the operation of this
section, they shall also be entitled to just and reasonable
compensation for their claim to the service or labor of such
slaves.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays i 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Babbitt, Baker, Beaman, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Claik, Davis, Duell, Edger-
ton, Knot, fessenden, Fiank, Hickman, iiutchins, Julian,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, Anson P. Morrill,
Pike, Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edvvaid II. Uollius,
Sedywiek, Sloan, Tiowbridge, Van Valkenburgh, E. P.
Walton, Wilson, and Windom—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Baxtei, Biddle, Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Geoige H.
Biownc, William G. Brown, Caiveif,Campbell, Chamber-
lin, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. ConkUng, Ros-
coc Conkling, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisficld, Cuttenden,
Cutler, Dawes Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards,
Ely, English, Fenton, Fisher, Gooch, Goodwin, Giangcr,
Grider, Gurley, Ilaight, Hall, Hanchett, lIaiding,IIarnson,
Dolman, Horton, Johnson, Kelley, William Kellogg, Kerri-
gan, Kiilmger, Knapp, Jjaw, Lazear, Leary. Lehman, Mc-
Knight, Mci'heison, Mallory,Maynard,Menzies,Mitchell,
Mooihead, Justin S. Moirill, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton,
Nugen, Odell, Olm, Patton, Pendleton, Peiry, John S,
Phelps Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeioy, Poiter, Price, Alex-
andci ii. Rice, Richaulson, Robinson. James S. Rollins,
Sargent, Soc*sr, Shanks, Sheffield, Slue!, Smith, SpauJd-
tmr. John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratum,
