2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trimble,
Vallandigham, Van Horn, Vcrree, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Wail, Wallace, Ward, Wasiiburne, Webster, Wheeler,
Wlialey, Alberts. White, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff,and
Worcester—116.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurrcd on the amendment of Mr.
Walton, of Vermont, to the substitute of Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. Walton's amend merit was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the word " that" in the enacting clausc,
and insert the following:
Every person who shall hereafter willfully commit the
crime of treason against the United States, and shall be ad-
judged guilty thereof, shall suffer death, and all his slaves,
if any, shall be declared and made fiee; or he shall be im-
prisoned for not less than live years and fined not !e*s than
$10,000, and all his slaves, if any, shall be declared and
made free; said fine shall be levied and collected on any or
all of the propeity, real and personal, excluding slaves, of
which the said person so convicted was the owner at the
lime of committing the said crime, any sale or conveyance
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. Andbcit further enacted, That if any person shall
hcieafter willfully incite, set on foot, assist, or engage in
any conspiracy to subvert the Government of the United
States by force, or in any rebellion or insurrection against
the authority of the United States or the laws thereof, or
shall willfully give aid or comfort thereto, or shall engage
in, or give aid and comfort to, any such existing rebellion
or insurrection, and bo convictod thereof, such person shall
be punished by the forfeiture of all his personal property of
every kind whatsoever, including choses in action, and by
the forfeiture of his life estate in any real propeity of which
he may be the owner, wherever situated within the United
States, and by the libeiation of all his-slaves if any he have ;
and all such pioperty, excluding slaves, shall be forfeited
to the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every person
guilty of either of the offences dosciibed in this act shall be
lorevet incapable and disqualified to hold any office under
the United State*.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That this act shall not
be construed in any way to aflect or alter the prosecution,
conviction, of punishment of any person or persons guilty
of trea«on against the United States before the passage of
this act, unless such person is convicted under tins act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, to insuie the
moie speedy termination nf treason, rebellion, or insurrec-
tion, and the apprehension, conviction, and punishment of
the poisons engaged theiem, the President is heioby au-
thorized, and ItshaU be his dutyfoithwith, by the marshals
of the ic-pective districts or sue!) commissioncis oi other
officers as he may appoint for that purpose, to seize and
sequestct the propci ly, i eal and personal, of every kind, in-
eluding choses in action, of such persons a< •shall have boon
willfully, actively, and notonously encaged in tienson, con
sptracv, rebellion, or insiirtectiou belore mentioned, and
e-jpceiaily ot pei.-ons hereafter acting as ofticei.s of the army
or navy ofthe rebels, now or heiealter in arms against the
United States; poisons hereaftei acting as ptesidenr or vice
piesident, members of congte^s, head of depattmont, civil
officer, judge, foreign minister, consul, agent, oi commis-
sioner ofthe so called confederate States; persons heteaf-
ter acting as an olhecr, whether civil, mditary, or naval, of
any State or Territory, who, by the constitution of the so-
called confederate States, is required to take an oath to
support said constitution; persons who,having held an of-
fice of honor, trust, oi profit under the United States, shall
hereafter willfully take up arms against the United State®,
or^jlve aid or comfort to treason, rebellion, or insurrection ;
poison? who, owning pioperiy in the loval States orTern-
tories,orthe loyal poitionw ofthe disloyal States, shall hcic-
after assist or give aid and comfort to treason, iebe!!ion,or
insurrection; and to holdnnd possess Mich piopeity forthe
United St.U< s, to secure the appearance of the offender to
take his trial and abide sneh punishment as shall bo adjudged
against lurn. No slave shall be seized under this act, but the
United States shall have a lien on all the slaves ot the per-
sons heroin dcei jbed, to answer such ordci as may be made
in regatd to them for their libeiation, and no sale theicof
shall be ol any force or effect after the commission of said
offense.
Sue . (>. And be it fuithor enacted, That the propeity so
seized and seque«teted shall be held, possessed, occupied,
or icnted by the olficeis aforesaid, until the owners theicof
can bo pioceeded ngaln-t by legal pioseoution; and, if con-
victed, until the propei tv can he levied upon, or be dechued
forfeited to the United States as heicm piovided. And ail
sikIi peisonai piopeity a> shall be so taken, which is poi-
lshable, oi expensive hi keeping. may be .sold by s-aid ofii-
ceis in the same way and rnannei that goods and chattels
taken in execution can be sold in the same State; and>atd
officets shall keep and lender full account?, of all the ic-
ceipts and avails of .said propeity so .sold, let, oi occupied,
and pay over the same, deducting the neces-ary expenses
to the Treasury ofthe United States And if the ownot ot
said propei ty shall be discharged on trial, or soonei, by oider j
of the coint, said piopeit}, oi tit'1 pioeeeds theieof, if the
same shall have1 beey sold, shall be letinued to said owner.
See. 7. And be it further ciliated, That if the ownei of
any property which may Ik; seized, ,i, aforesaid, shall flee
from ju^iiei; so that lie cannot be btought to {iial upon in-
dictment found, and a letum upon me pioce-s lor In.- at rot
that he cannot be tound, an otder shall be made by the couit
where said indictment pending lequmng such per-on to
appear before said com r at-ueb tune a- may be fived tiinein,
am trtke his trial, upon pain of tmh iture of all his pioperty
nrnl the liticiaiion ot .,11 J,lve!. il 1„> t.ul t'. On *<>';
whicu .said oidct shall be published in sneh niannei and for
'!"■!] t"'!° tac "'U't m.iy j ami 11 sucli iipimiii
sh!. not appear ami uk<- hi, trial as require), such
shall he taken and <.eeui«-rt to have renounced .ill claim to
am pii/pei'\ which may have been seized as uiote^nd o<-
oJ which he Ai .1! U- the owu"r. arid he and hi, hut= ^'lal!
be forever barred from making any claim or maintaining
any action for the recovery thereof; but the same shall be
forfeited and become the property of the United States, and
his slaves, if any, shall be free.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, whenever he shall deem it necessary
and pioper for a speedy and successful termination of le-
bellion or insurrection, that any personal property seized
by the Army and Navy, and belonging to a person who shall
after the passage of this act, have engaged m treason, re-
bellion, or insurrection, or given aid or comfort thereto,
should be confiscated, may cause proceedings in rem to be
instituted against such property, as in admiralty or rev-
enue cases; and if said pioperty shall be found to have be-
longed to a person engaged in treason, rebellion, or insur-
rection, or who has so given aid and comfort thereto, the
same shall be forfeited and become the property of the
United States, and may be sold or disposed of as the court
shall direct.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That at any time after
the passage of this act,whenever the President ofthe United
States shall deem it necessary for the suppression of trea-
son, rebellion, or insurrection, he shall issue his ptoclama-
tion, commanding all persons immediately to lay down
theii aims and to return to their allegiance to the United
States; proclaiming that if any person within any State or
district declared by hun in a state of treason, insurrection,
or rebellion, shall be found in arms against the Govern-
ment ofthe United States, at any time sixty days after the
date of such proclamation, or giving aid and comfort to
treason, rebellion, or insurrection, the slaves of all such
persons within such State or district shall be made free,
and thereupon the slaves of all such persons, at the expira-
tion of said sixty days, shall be free and forever discharged
from any and all claim to their labor or service, any law or
custom of any State to the contrary notwithstanding; and
that all the property ot such persons as shall be found in
arms against the Government of the United States, or giv-
ing aid and comfoitto tteason, lebcllion, or insurrection,
shall be seized and sequestered, and thereupon said prop-
erty and the owners thereof shall be proceeded against as
before provided in this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no person dis-
charged from service or labo* under this act, nor the de-
scendants of any one, shall ever be reduced to involuntary
servitude (except as a punishment for crime) by any Jaw
or regulation of any State; and every such person shall
always be entitled to be discharged on habeas corpus from
any such servitude, as heieinafter provided.
Sec. il. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
person bound to seivice or labor shall be discharged from
such service or labor under this act, the couit shall give
eveiy peison so dtschaiged a certificate of the fact of such
dischaige under the seal of the court; and such certificate
shall be conclusive evidence of the freedom of such per-
son, and of the descendants of such person, from all ser-
vice oi labor (exccpt as a punishinentforcmne) ugainstall
persons whatsoever, and m all courts of the States or ofthe
United States; and any poison sodeclaied ftoe, if there-
after seized or molested in any way by any peison under a
claim to such person's service oi labor, shall be forthwith
discharged on habeas corpus by any couit or judge of the
United States; and tiie comt or judge acting on said wnt
shall commit for trial for kidnapping the pcison so holding
the said freed man; and oi, conviction of seizing or hold-
ing the said fieed man, knowing him to have beendeclaied
free by a court of the United States, the poison so con-
victed shall be sentenced to be confined in the penitentiary
for not loss than one nor more than five 5 ears.
See. 12. And be it farther enacted, That no slave escap-
ing into anv State, Terntoiy, or the Distuct of Columbia,
from any other State, shall be deliveied up, or in any way
impeded or hindered of his libei ty, except for crime, or some
offense against the laws, unless the person claiming said
fugitive shall first make oath that the poison to whom the
labor or service of such fugitive is alleged to be due is his
lawful owner, and has not conspired to subvert the Govern-
ment, ofthe United States by foicc, noi home aims against
the United States in rebellion or insuneetion, nor in any
way given aid and comfoit thereto; and no person engaged
in the military or naval service of the United States sluill,
under any pretense whatever, assume to decidcon the va-
lidity of the claim of any poison to the seivice or labor of
any other poison, or sui tender up any such person to the
claimant, on pain of being dismissed ftom the seivice.
Sec. J3. And be if further enacted. That the Pie-ident of
the United States is authotized to employ as manv petsons
of African descent as lie may deem necessaiyand proper
for the suppression of treason, icbell ion, or insuucction, and
for this put pose he mayoigatiize and use them in such man-
ner as he may judge best lor the public welfaie.
See. 14. And be it fin tha enacted, That the Piesiduu of
the United States is hereby authorized to make piovision
lor the transportation, colonization, and settlement, in some
tropical countty beyond the limits of the United Stales, of
such poisons ofthe Aftican iacc, made fire by the puls-
ions of this act, as mav be willing to einigiate, having fu -t
obtained the consent of the Government of said country to
theii protection and setthynent within the same, with all
the lights and privileges of ficemen.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the President is
heiehy authorized, at any time heieafter, by pioclamation,
to extend to persons who may have participated 111 tlie ex-
isting lebellion in anj State or part thereof, paidon and am-
nesty, with such exceptions and at such tune and on such
( oiiditions a>, he may deem expedient tor the public welfare.
Si:c. 16. And be it father enacted, That the couits of the
United States shall have full power to institute proceed-
ings, make orders and decteos, is&ue pioccss, and do all
other thing* necessary to eairy this act into effect.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nnys lv>l: a.s follows:
YEAS—Messis. Baxter Piancis 1'. Slian, Dawes, i)"l,uio,
Dunn, Fisher. Ftank,Gooch.Goodwin, Granger, Kilimger,
McKnighr, iMayn.ud, ."\Iucitell, ?Jooihead, Ju .(in S. M01-
rill, Nixon, Olin, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Sheffield, Strauon, Train, Trimble, Verree,
E. P. Walton, and Worcester—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alien, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George H. Browne, William G.
Brown, Buffinton, Burnham, Calvert, Campbell, Ghamber-
lin, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crit-
tenden, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Grider, Gurley, Haight,
Hall, Hanchett, Ilarding, Harrison, Hickman, Holman,
Hooper, Horton, Hutchins, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lan-
sing, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
pherson, Maliory, Menzies, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Odell, Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Potter, Price, John H. Kice, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson,
Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Scgar, Shanks, Shiel, Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wall, Wallace,
Ward, Washbutne, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S.
White, Wickliffe, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—121.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute offered
by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That if any person within any State or Territory of the
United States shall, after the passage of this act, willfully
engage m armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or shall willfully aid or abet such rebellion,
or adhere to those engaged in such rebellion, giving them
aid or comfort, eveiy such person shall thereby forfeit all
claim to the seivice or labor of any persons held to service
and labor, commonly known as slaves; and all such per-
sons arc hereby declared free and forever discharged fiom
such service or labor, anything in the laws of the United
States or of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be farther enacted, That the President shall
appoint one or more commissioners for each Stale by whose
laws persons aie held to service or labor for life, to make a
list of the names and residences of the persons in the States
respectively hekl to service and labor by any person de-
scribed in the foregoing section, and of the names of the
persons entitled to such service or labor, which list shall be
returned as speedily as may be to the district court ot the
United States for the district where the person held to ser-
vice and labor mayre^ide; and immediately011 such retuin
the district court shall publish the said list of names and an
order requiring all persons claiming the service or labor of
any of the poisons named in the list to appear and show
cause why such person owing labor or service should not
be discharged therefrom under this act at the next term of
said court; and on failure of any one to appear nnd claim
the seivice or labor of any of the persons repotted to owe
the same, «uch person shall be declared free by the couit;
and on appudiance the claimant shall file with his applica-
tion an affidavit that he has not been engaged in the lebel-
lion against the United States, nor aided and abetted the
same, nor given aid or comfort to those engaged therein; or
if he have been so engaged under compulsion, he shall state
the fact and the manner of the compulsion, and prove the
compulsion to the satisfaction of the court; and 011 applica-
tion, accompanied by such affidavit, the attorney toi the
United States, or any one on behalf of the person held to
service or labor, must prove to the satisfaction of the court
that the claimant did not engage m the rebellion, 1101 aid
and abet,or give aid and comlmttotho^e engaged theieiu ;
and 011 such ptoof the person whose ^ervico or labor i«
claimed shall be restoicd to the claimant; but on failuic of
such ptoof, ot on the tailute or reiusal ot any claimant to
take the affidavit above icquircd, or to prove the compulsion
when it is alleged as an excuse, the comt shall declaie the
person whose set vice 01 labor is claimed free ftom such
seivice or labor; ami the court shall give every person so
disehaigrd a certificate of the fact of such dischaige under
the seal ofthe couit; aud such certificate shall be conclu-
sive evidence ot the fieedom of such person ftom all ser-
vice or laboi against all persons whatsoever, and in all
couits ot the States or of the United States ; and any person
so declaicd free, if theieafter seized or molested in any way
by an> peison under a claim to such person's service or
labor shall be forthwith discharged on habeas corpus by any
court or judge of the United States; and the court or judge
actingonsaid wutshall commit for tnai for kidnapping the
pei>on so holdingthe said fieed man ; and on conviction of
seizing or holding the said fieed man, knowing him to linve
been delated free by a couit of the United States, the per-
son so convicted shall be sentenced to be confined m the
penitentiary hu not loss than one or mote than five years;
and any one sweating lalsoly 111 any pioceedmg under this
act shall he guilty of peijury, and liable, on conviction, to
the penalties thereof
Sec. .'S. And be it further enacted, That any person held
to seivice or labor 'by any one engaged in "the lebelhon
against the United States, if omitted fioin the commission-
ers list, may, 011 summary application to the district court
of the United States for the district in which he resides, he
placed 011 the list, aud shall be entitled to the same pro-
ceedings and benefit5-, and subject aud entitled to the same
judgments, and to be dealt with in the same manner as if
his name had been placed on the Ii-t by the commissioner.
And if the commissioner cannot complete their lists puor
to the first term of the district couit of the United States
lor any distuct, they shall be allowed to continue and pur-
sue their invcstig itson till they shall be completed and
ended ; and theii compensation shall be dollais.
Sfc. -1. And he it further enacted, That no per.-otj dte-
ohAigcd mulct thi.5 act, noi the descendants of any one, shall
ever be 1 educed to involuntary seivitude by any law or regu-
lation ot any State ; and eveiy such person shall alwn}s be
entitled to be discbaiged on habeas corpus from any j-ueh
t-eivitudo, a< above piovided.
