THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ted States shall be admitted upon a written pass, signed by
the Speaker of the Honse of Bepresentatives.
6. All other persons, cxeept the above named, shall be
admitted by obtaining a written pass from tlve marshal of
the District of Columbia, and not otherwise.
7. Xbe public jailorshalikecpa record of the names (and
the date of the admission) of all visitors into the jail.
I would most respectfully ask that these regulations be
inade known to the honorable House of Representatives.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
WARD II. LAMON,
United States Marshal for the District of Columbia.
The-Hon. Speaker,
, Mouse of Representatives of the United States.
Such being the facts as understood by the committee,
they .beg leave further to say that, considering the hitherto
unregulated system of admissions to this institution which,
in the marshal's judgment, had become greatly abused, they
cannot but regard it as a matter strictly within his official
discretion to prescribe such new and reasonable regula-
tions as would remedy the existing abuse. Exorcising this
discretion, he has seen fit to issue the orders already recited;
and though we cannot see the necessity of subjecting Sen-
ators and members of the House to the idle ceremony of
qualifying themselves with passes from the President of the
Senate or Speaker of the House, and while we aie clear
that any public officer who is not more careful of lus own
convenience than that of the legislative body for the Dis-
trict would take some pains to facilitate rather than obstiuct
the most ready access to the public institutions of the Dis-
trict, yet we cannot say there is anything so palpably op-
pressive or onerous in this specific regulation of the mar-
shal as to call for the special intervention of the House.
We hardly think the inflation of a " little brief authority"
on the part of that functionary ought to attiact the atten-
tion of Gongiess from its more serious concerns.
The committee therefoie a-ik to be discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution refened to them.
Mr. DELANO. I move that tlie report be laid
on the table, and printed.
Mr. FENTON. I was about to move that the
report be printed, and its consideration postponed
for one week.
Mr. DELANO. That is entirely agreeable to
me; and I withdraw my motion.
Tile motion to postpone and print was agreed to.
MILITARY A CADES! ST.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the support of the -Military Academy for the
year ending 30th June, 1863; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave for the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to sit during the sessions
of the House. I desire to say one word in ex-
planation of the reasons for this request. By the
regulations of the House all appropriation bills
ought to bo presented within thirty days from the
commencement of the session. This year the
committee have not come within the rule, although
they have nearly all the bills now prepared. I
desire to give the reasons why they have not come
up to the rule. By law the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to furnish his estimates thirty days before
the meeting of Congress. Twelve days before
the meeting of this session I came here, hoping to
be able to get the estimates, and sent for our own
clerk, intending to have all the formal bills drawn
which could be before the meeting of Congress,
so that they could be reported the first week of
the session. 1 intended to hasten the report of
these bills much more than they ever had been
before; and we hoped that we should be able to
pass them even before the holidays. I was in-
formed that the estimates were not yet printed,
and would not be until the first day of the meeting
of Congress. Of course no bills were prepared.
The estimates were not furnished on the first day
of the session. On Monday of the second week
we sent to the printer, and they were not then
ready; and they were not ready until the latter
part of the third^ week, running down to the time
1 °i|r a(l)Oumment over the holdidays; so that
the Committee of Ways and Means had not the
estimates before them upon which they could act
until we reassembled here after the holidays, and
indeed, until after the thirty days had expired.
1 atn stating this, sir, not to find any fault with
the Department, for I believe that the Secretary
of the Treasury labored diligently, but owing to
the circumstances of the times, could not furnish
these estimates. I make the statement out of de-
cent respect to public opinion and to this House.
I thought it right that this fact should be stated
in order to explain the reason why the Committee
of Ways and Means had not earlier reported their
bills. I say out of decent respect to public opin-
ion, for that we all respect. I pay no respect to
the numerous libelous letter writers and journals
through the country that are finding fault with the
Committee of Ways and Means, as I am told. I
do not read them. I understand, however, that
they are criticising and finding fault with the com-
mittee for this delay, and also for the delay of the
tax bill.
I will say in this connection that the committee
has subdivided the different items of the tax bill
among its members, and they work every hour
that we are out of session and can spare from the
necessary refreshment in gathering facts so as to
prepare an equitable tax bill. I desire to say,
while I make this statement for the information
of the House, that I believe the committee will
not be hastened one hour or go one minute faster
for all the libels which are circulated against them
from this place or elsewhere—in other words,
they will not be forced on to march one moment
sooner to Bull's Run, although every humpbacked
Thersites in the land shall dip his pen in gall.
There being no objection, leave was given to
the Committee ofWays and Means to sit during
the sessions of the House.
PRIVILEGE 01? THE FLOOR.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to inquire under what rule or priv-
ilege of the House the marshal of the District of
Columbia, Mr. Lamon, occupies a place upon
this floor during the sittings of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any rule that entitles him to the privilege of
the floor.
Mr HUTCHINS. Cannot he get a pass?
Mr. FENTON. If there is no such rule, I
would suggest that the Doorkeeper request him to
withdraw.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it is the duty of the Doorkeeper to enforce the
rules in regard to the privileges of the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Perhaps the mar-
shal has a warrant for some one.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of jprivilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question of privilege.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is the same
question as that raised by the gentleman from New
York. I wish to know whetherit is designed that
the enforcement of the rule shall apply only to the
marshal of this District. I ^ee upon the floor, as
is quite usual, many persons who are not members
of the House. I do not see any person heic who
is at all interfering with the business of the House,
nor do I think that anything has occurred this
morning that called for a demand for an enforce-
ment of the rules pointed at the marshal of the
District^of Columbia—an officer high in office.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not stating
a question of privilege.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, sir, I did
not think the question of the gentleman from New
\ ork was a question of privilege; but mine is as
much one as his. If the rule is enforced at all, it
should be rigidly enforced against all persons who
are not entitled to the privilege of the floor.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is a question of privilege when a member rises
and insists that the rules shall be enforced. The
Chair again dirccts the Doorkeeper of the House
to see that the rule in reference to the privilege
of the floor is enforced. His attention has been
callcd to it several times, and the Chair hopes that
hereafter the rule will be enforced strictly with-
out reference to persons, and that members will
not insist upon forcing their friends through the
doors.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the Speaker
designs by the direction of his eye to indicate that
that has been the practice here 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not design
special reference to any gentleman.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The glance of the
Speak tii was very indicative, and it was very
wrong to indicate this direction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not intend
any reflection upon any gentleman. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that the House re-
solve itself into the Gdmmittee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. LEHMAN. I -ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to withdraw his
motion for a single instant.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. LEHMAN. I desire to close up this con-
tested-election case by offering the usual resolu-
tion. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay, out of the con-
tingent fund, to Hon John M. Butler, contestant of the
seat of Hon. William E. Lehman, from the first congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania, mileage and pay up to the
present time.
The SPEAKER. Ia there objection to the re-
ception of the resolution ?
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. LEHMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I cannot.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received by unanimous consent.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
resolves itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, debate on the fortification
bill shall cease in ten minutes. ^
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOUKNMENT OVER.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to—ayes seventy, noes
not counted.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Ashley in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H.R.No. 156) making ap-
propriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending the 30th of June, 186*2.
The first readingof the bill was dispensed with
by unanimous consent, and. the Clerk proceeded
to read it by clauses for amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I observe upon page 2 of
this bill an appropriation of $100,000 for fort on
Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor, Maine; and
on page 3 an appropriation of $50,000 for fort on
Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor, Maine. I
wish to ask some member of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether those appropriations
are for the same work ?
Mr. SPAULDING. One of the appropriations
is for this year, and the other for the next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentle-
man had read the first section of the bill he would
have seen that the appropriationscontained therein
are for the year 1863. The second section provides
for additional appropriations for the year 1862.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add after line thirty-five, section two, the following
For new battery m defense of tile iiarhor formed by the
breakwater at tile entrance of Dclavvaio bay, §150,000.
I ask the attention of the committee to the ap-
propriation asked for in the amendment which I
have offered. It is for the defense of a harbor
formed by works erected at vast expense by the
Government of the United States, as a harbor of
refuge to the commerce of the country. This har-
bor of refuge, situated at the entrance of Delaware
bay, is formed by a breakwater three quarters of a
mile in length, flanked by an ice break of one fourth
of a mile long, in which there arc frequently one
hundred and fifty or one hundred and seventy ves-
sels lying at one time. The general average, per-
haps, is thirty orforty vessels. At the present time
there is nota single gun to protect this harbor; and
a privateer mounting a single gun could run in and
destroy or capture the valuable commerce that is
there collected. In case of a foreign war, it would
form a safe anchorage for a hostile fleet to block-
ade the mouth of the river, or to sally out and prey
upon the coasting trade. I do not ask this as a
matter of local interest, as merely affecting the
