1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
receive its second reading with a view to reference.
The bill was read a second time by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length.
Mr. POWELL. I wiJJ inquire if it is in order
for the Presidentof the United States to introduce
a bill into the Senate. That bill seems to be in-
troduced by no Senator.
-Mr. SUMNER. Let us have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the bill to be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
whenever the Piesidentof the United States shall be satis-
fied that any State shall have; lawfully abolished slavery
within and thionghout such State, either immediately or
gradually, it shall be the duty of the Picsident, assisted by
the Secretary of the Treasury, to prepare and-deliver to such
State an amount of six per cent, interest-bearing bonds of
the United States equal to the aggregate value, at J$ per
head, of all the slaves within such State, as rcpoitcd by the
census of the year18G0 ; the whole amount for any one State
to be delivered at onc<; if the abolishment be immediate, or
in equal annual installments it it be gradual; interest to be-
gin running on each bond at the tune of its delivery, and
not before.
And be it further enaded, That if any State, having so re-
ceived any such bonds, shall at any time afterwards bylaw
reintroduce or tolerale slavery within its limits^ contrary
to the act of abolishment upon which such bonds shall have
heen received, said bonds so received by said State shall at
once be null and void, in whosoever hands they may be,
and such State shall refund to the United States all interest
\ which may have been paid on such bonds.
-^>Thc PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, if there be no
objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I should think the proper way
would be not to refer it, but to let it lie on the
table, and be printed. I do not recognize the right
of the President of the United States to send a bill
in here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is a
part of the message.
"Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; and as a part of the
message it should lie on the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to take up 
Mr. SUMNER. I have a motion to make with
reference to the message.
Mr. GRIMES. That is disposed of, and I wish
to make a motion in regard to another bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I have a motion to make in regard to it.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
receive a motion in reference to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to move that it be
referred to a committee. 1 am soniewhatat a loss
as to which committee of the Senate it should be
referred; but it seems to me it should be referred
to one of our committees with a direction to report
forthwith. No question can be of equal magni-
tude, and as we are now near the eve of 
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the second read-
ing of that bill to-day. I do not believe the Presi-
dent of the United States has any right to intro-
duce a bill here.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order was
made that the message lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. GRIMES. That motion has been made
and carried.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
was made and carried.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make an inquiry
concerning that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. • The Senator
from Iowa has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought I had the floor. I
have not given up the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
had the floor to make a rnotion or remarks m con-
nection with the bill; but that is disposed of. The
Chair hopes that Senators will cooperate with the
Chair in observing some degree of order. The
bill is disposed of. It is open to a motion to re-
consider, but not otherwise.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make an inquiry
concerning the bill just disposed of. Has it had
anv reading as a bil! ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has.
Mr. POWELL. I will inquire if that was m
order?
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. It was.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think it was in order
for the President to introduce a bill here. He can
send in a message accompanied by the form of a
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no comments to make on the propriety^ or author-
ity of the President to "send communications or
messages, or the character of the communications
he sends to the body. The bill was a part of the
message.
Mr. POWELL. I do not doubt his authority
to send a bill as part of a message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
question on the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me there was a
surprise on that vote. I was not aware that any
such vote had been taken, that the message had
been laid on the tabic. I supposed it was strll be-
fore the Senate open to a motion. I wish to move
its reference to a committee, with a view to speedy
action upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. What commitjge ?
ThePRESIDENT^ro tempore. TheChairsug-
gested a reference to the Committee on Finance,
but a motion to layonthetablcand print was inter-
posed, which took precedence of that motion and
was carried. It is unnecessary to have any alter-
cation about it. 'If the Senator is not satisfied
with that disposition, it is open to a motion to re-
consider.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say in connection
with that subject, that I moved to lay it on the
table because I did not know of any appropriate
committee to which it could properly be referred;
but I supposed everybody Wanted to see it and to
see it in print. I certainly did; and to-morrow
morning, when the bill shall be printed, I shall be
willing to unite with the Senator in taking it up
and referring it to any committee or making any
disposition of it.
Mr. SUMNER. But we lose time by that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no motion
is made in connection with it, the subject is not
before the Senate, and cannot be debated.
CONVICTS IN Til 15 DISTRICT PENITENTIAltY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 86, regulating the employment of the convicts
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, for
their improvement and benefit, and I shall then
move that the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the amendments of the
House to the joint resolution. The first amend-
ment of the House was to strike out the third sec-
tion in the following words:
Sec. 3. And he it farther resolved, That the soldiers and
volunteers confined in the penitentiary in tiie District of
Columbia, under sentences of militaiy courts-maitia! be
forthwith discharged from the said penitentiaiy, and that
imprisonment in said penitentiary under sentences im-
posed by courts-maitial shall not hereafter be allowed.
The next amendment of the House was to add
the following as a new section:
Jind be it further resolved, That the oflicc of clnk to tbe
said penitentiary is hereby abohbhed.
The PRESIDENT jwotempore. When this sub-
ject was last under consideration the Senate con-
curred in the first amendment of the House of
Representatives, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] moved a reconsideration of
that vote. The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
disagree to the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HALE. I hope they will not disagree.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives. The negative of that is equiv-
alent to the affirmative of the motion to disagree.
" Will the Senate concur in the amendments of
the House to this resolution
Mr. HALE. 1 hope so.
Mr. GRIMES. If Senators wish to make an
issue on this question, I am ready to do it. The
whole point on which the Senator from New
Hampshire objects to non-concurring is because
the House have put in an amendment abolishing
the office of cleric in the penitentiary. That clerk
is appointed by the inspectors of the penitentiary,
and is a very respectable man. The consequence
of taking away the clerk who is appointed.bythe
inspectors is to leave the whole financial condi-
tion of the penitentiary in charge of the warden,
against whom there are four indictments at this
time pending in the district court of the District
of Columbia for malfeasance in office.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed to say that tho
charges against the warden were frivolous, mali-
cious, and unfounded, and on investigation by the
proper Department they have been found to be
so, and they are either dismissed, orarc to be dis-
missed, every one of them, from the. files of the
criminal court, under an investigation had by the
head of the proper Department, I think the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed to say, on the
contrary, by one of the inspectors, a gentleman
on whom the Senator himself would rely impli-
citly, that not only are they true but he has inves-
tigated them, and finds other chaiges of equal
culpability against him, on which he is not yet
charged. I did not want to make this issue; but
it is my businesses the representative of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to see that the public is pro-
tected, and I am not disposed to allow this clerk
to be thrust out for the sake of giving a perfectly
unlimited field to the warden of the penitentiary,
and over the heads of the inspectors.
Mr. HALE-There is another thing about this-
As the subject has come up, we must meet it. I
am instructed that this clerk is entirely uselcssf
that he does not average an hour a day there, nor
anything like it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By whom instructed ?
Mr. HALE. By the warden, whose clerk ho
is, that he is not there more than an hour a day,
and that his office is entirely useless. Further
than that; it seems to me it is & great impropri-
ety in allowing one man to have a clerk, and to
have him appointed by a different and independ-
ent power. This clerk is appointed by the in-
spectors, butis the clerk of the warden. It seems
to me if there is a warden and he has a clerk, he
should not be appointed by an independent and
hostile power. I can imagine a state of things,
which I apprehend is a part of the facts in"this<
case, which would make the Senate, 1 think, slow
to disagree to the amendments of the House. I
am told, and I may state it, because I am told so
and believe it, that this clerk is a connection of
one of the inspectors, and that the great difficulty
that arises here is, that the warden will not con-
sent that one of the inspectors, who ought to be
there to oversee and look out for the interests of
the public in this matter, shall furnish the prison
supplies on his own terms and at a higher rate
than they can be got elsewhere. It is the inter-
ference of this clerk in this way that has made all
these difficulties. There is not the slightest earthly
necessity for him in the world. You have a ward-
en and a deputy warden, and if they are not fit
let them be turned out, but do not keep there an
individual as clerk to a man who is hostile to him,
and appointed by a power that is hostile to him.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate can follow who-
ever they sec fit on this question. I have taken
tho trouble to investigate this matter a little. The
Senator gets his information from the warden. I
get my information from the inspectors, no one of
whom, with whom I have conversed, is any rela-
tive, either immediate or remote, of the clerk.
Mr. HALE. How many have you talked with?
Mr. GRIMES. I have talked with Dr. Rrod-
head especially, and he is known to most mem-
bers here as a reputable, respectable, and truthful
man. The very purpose of the appointment of
this clerk is to be a check on the warden: and now
it is proposed to remove him entirely. It" the Sen-
ate choose to do it, 1 am content.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the House amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
EMANCIPATION IN TIIE STATES.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
take up the message of the President, and refer it,
with the accompanying paper, to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that in Older without a
motion to postpone the [lending and all prior
ordeis? Can it be done without a motion to post-
pone the pending order, the bill which was under
consideration at the recess?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reguiar
