THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
■Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, Mr. Chairman, it
ia'not unnatural that the delegation from the State
of Pennsylvania should feel a deep interest in the
defenses, of Delaware bay and the approaches to
the city of Philadelphia, protecting, as it will, not
only the American coastwise trade of the Atlantic,
buta large foreign commerce from all the northern
and middle States, and that we should yield an
active support to the proposition of my colleague,
[Mr. Davis.] That amendment, sir, is eminently
proper to be made to tlie bill under consideration,
and, as I conceive, is perfectly in order. This is
a bill of legislation, and not of ordinary appro-
priation. Gentlemen will see that it provides for
new forts and woiks of defense along our coast.
I conceive, therefore, that no question of order,
such as was raised by the gentleman from Now
York, can be sustained upon the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it will be remembered by gen-
tlemen of the committee that the breakwater near
Cape Henlopen, on the Delaware side of the bay,
cost the Government some four millions of dollars
and upwards; that it is a great harbor, in which
hundreds of vessels take refuge from the inclem-
ency of the weather. It has not a single gun to
protect it. I understand there is not one piece of
ordnance mounted on or near that breakwater,
which commands the harbor. Can it be possible,
then, that gentlemen will hesitate to give for the
purpose contemplated all that its defense requires?
Why, sir, in case of a collision with a foreign
Power the enemy's fleet might run into the wa-
ters of the Delaware, and in a single night destroy
a large number of vessels congregated there for
protection from the storm. Not a moment should
be lost in giving that harbor all the protection it
requires.
I understand—indeed we all know the fact to be
so—that the Government has continually millions
of dollars' worth of property at that point which
requires protection. Government property, in the
form of harbor improvements, Army supplies,
national vessels, and various other descriptions of
property, are constantly collected in that harbor,
and are entirely m a defenseless condition. How
longwiIlitbe,in the judgment of this House, before
a hostile foreign foe' will strike at the commerce of
this country on the high seas? Let gentlemen
read the history of Great Britain aright, and then
say how long it will be before she will attempt to
drive our commerce from the ocean? England
knows no other rule of public policy than to con-
sult a supposed interest. No matter what rule of
international law, what comity, what treaty, or
what ties or associations cross her path, cold-
blooded and relentless she presses 011. What can
we expect from a nation that compels the impo-
tent Chinese to buy her poisonous opium at the
cannon's mouth,and one that has given " aid and
comfort" to this rebellion from the beginning?
She aims at our national life. Let us be prepared,
for we know not what a day or an hour may bring
forth.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken 011 Mi-.Olin's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend by reducing
the amount to fifty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I wish not to be understood
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania as opposing
an appropriation for the purpose asked for, at the
proper time, because I have no disposition to do
so. This bill which has been reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, as I understand,
is based upon specific estimates from the proper
Department. It is not to be supposed that it em-
braces all the fortifications that ai e necessary along
the Atlantic coast, nor does it embrace all the for-
tifications that are necessary to the proper defense
of the great lakes and riveis of the West. But I
object to this amendment because it will open a
door to the introduction of amendments of a great
variety of character m regard to defenses generally,
which gentlomon may doem necessary, in respect
to the Atlantic coast, and in regard to the north-
ern frontier. It seems to me better for the inter-
est of all that we should act upon these appropri-
ations as they are ipported in this bill, without
embarrassing other propositions which may and
doubtless will have merit in them, by urging them
in tins somewhat irregular manner.
Now, sir, as to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, if it be adopted we shall
be compelled from considerations of duty to other
sections of the country to offer various proposi-
tions for the defense of the great lakes, in support
of which we could cite not only the recommenda-
tions of the head of the Bureau of Engineers, but
also of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States. I suggest, therefore, to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether it will not be
better that these matters—which I understand are
now under consideration in their appropriate com-
mittees, those relating to the defenses of the rivers
and lakes—having been referred to a special com-
mittee on that subject, and the sea-coast fortifi-
cations being before the Committee on Military
Affairs—I say I suggest whether it will not be bet-
ter to wait until these committees can report the
lesultof their deliberations, and not press these
specific appropriations upon the House at this
time ?
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose pro forma the amendment to the amendment,
in order to say a few words upon the main prop-
osition. The document which was read at the
Clerk's desk, in favor of the appropriation for the
defense of the Delaware breakwater, is not a tithe
of the recommendations that have been forwarded
to the Representatives of that section of the Union
in favor of the project. We have had opinions from
high civil and military authorities, urging upon
Congress the necessity of securing at the mouth of
the Delaware river some fortification that will af-
ford adequate protection against enemies, foreign
and domestic, to the shipping that takes refuge
there, and belonging not only to Pennsylvania, but
to almost every State upon the Atlantic sea-board.
I do not, for one, regard any fortification as local
that has for its object the defense of any part of our
common country, and especially such a work as
this, which looks to the defense ofDelaware, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania, and incidentally the
shipping interest of the whole country.
The clock admonishes me that the time allotted
me is too brief for a full or fair explanation of this
appropriation, or else I would lay before the House
testimonials which would be satisfactory, I think,
to every member that the appropriation is just,
and worthy to be made at this time, without fur-
ther reference to committees.
Mr. ARNOLD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it.
Mr. WRIGHT. JBeforethegentlem'an proceeds
with his remarks i would like to propound an in-
terrogatory to the gentleman from New York. I
will not take up a moment of his time.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield. I cannot yield
three minutes out of the five m males allotted to me.
Mr. Chairman, this matter cannot be discussed
as it ought to be in five minutes. I should like
more time? to answer some of the suggestions
which have been thrown out by the gentlemen
who have preceded me, for the question has been
treated as a local one. Sir, it is not a local ques-
tion. The question is, whether §150,000 shall be
appropriated to complete a great national work,
upon which the Governmenthas already expended
millions. The harbor of refuge at the mouth of
the Delaware has cost the Government millions
of dollars, and now it only lacks its armament.
The chief of the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neers has reported tj^t, in his judgment, nothing
could be more proper for the interest of the coun-
try and the welfare of our people than the appro-
priation of this, or of an equivalentamount. This
matter interests New York and Boston and New
England and the Northwest as much as it does
the city of Philadelphia. Throw an army of ten
thousand men into Delaware bay, and it will cut
off all sources of supplies from the capital of the
country. We now depend upon a single line of
railroad; and if our international relations were '
disturbed, and ten thousand British soldiers were i
attempted to be ihrown into that bay, there is not j
a gun to keep them out. Then there would be no ,
communication between Chicago and the capital, ji
or between Now England and the capital. |
Mr. Chaiiman, we ask not for the defense of !
Philadelphia hero, but for the defense of the coun- '
try—for^ the means of protecting the great line
which binds this capital to the great body of the
States. Yet it is treated as a local question by gen-
tlemen from the Northwest who have had the
question of their defenses referred to aspecial com-
mittee—the Military Committee having so much
to do that it cannot attend to the affairs of that
great section.
And New York raises her voice against it—New
York, with her harbor protected by more than one
thousand guns, and now asking in this very bill,
for the increase or improvement of her different
fortifications, sums amounting to $350,000. Phil-
adelphia is protected by two hundred and twelve
guns, loss than one fourth of those at New York.
And Philadelphia will not be specially protected
by one additional gun when this $150,000 is ex-
pended, as the guns to be mounted under this
appropriation are for the national commerce, for
the national highways, for the protection, as I
have already said, of the great lines of transit by
which the Government communicates with the
country.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Chairman, as I under-
stand this question the Government, at a very
large expense, some few years since constructed
from the south shore of Delaware bay a break-
water. There is in thatlocality, as I understand,
no considerable settlement of people, nor is there
any considerable business conducted there. That
breakwater, as has been stated, is the resort of the
commerce of the world in a stress of weather, the
large shipping making their harbor within the
breakwater and the smaller shipping of the coast-
ing trade putting into Morris river, 8s it is called.
The proposition included in the amendment is to
construct in the State of Delaware—for it would
be in that State, upon Delaware bay—a fortifica-
tion for the purpose of protecting this harbor. In
my judgment there are other fortifications which
need to be constructed at this time more than the
one proposed. I am in favor of the General Gov-
ernment constructing proper fortifications; and
while there may be a propriety in constructing one
at the proposed locality, yet at this time I think
that there are places where the exposure is greater
than at the Delaware breakwater; for, sir, it will
be noticed that General Totten, in the paper read
to us, does not tell us that this fortification will
add to the security of Philadelphia. The Dela-
ware bay where the breakwater is placed is sev-
eral miles wide, and this fortification would not
serve to prevent vessels passing in and out. The
vessels would be out of range of the guns planted
there. I would also state to the House that this
is a harbor only resorted to ill extremely bad
weather; and I will submit whether the vessels in
that harbor on the approach of a foe could not pro-
ceed up the river—for they are afloat all the time
—and get under the protection of the forts which
arc the-re.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to be under-
stood as opposing any system of fortifications
which may come before the House properly rec-
ommended by the proper authorities. Had this
come from the Committee of Ways and Means,"
supposing as I do that they would not report any-
thing not properly indorsed by theTopographical
Bureau, I would most cheerfully vote for it. I
would most cheerfully vote for any proposition
reported to the House to increase our fortifications
in the country, for there are many points where
such an increase is indispensably necessary.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelley's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to re-
duce the appropriation to six and a quarter cents.
Mr. Chairman^we may as well meet the ques-
tion on this proposition as upon any other, as if
the appropriation is increased at this point, other
gentleman will have plenty of similar favors to
ask. It is not to be disguised that m all portions
of our country there are defenseless seaports.
Upon the coast of the single State of Maine there
are not less than one hundred of these places ex*-
posed to an attack by a foreign foe. Along that
whole coast there are but about four places prop-
erly or improperly defended. The rest are utterly
naked. So it is upon much of the Atlantic
frontier.
This is not a matter of State concern alone; it
concerns the whole country. Here wc have a rec-
ommendation from the pioper department, from
the colonel of topographical engineers—not an
obsolete report, but one sent to Congress since
thecommencementof this session; scnton the 10th
of December last—embracing all the objects which
were then thought proper, in view of al'i exposures
for which we should make appropriations. I sup-
pose that the sum embraced in" this bill is as much
as can be properly expended at this time. If there
was any danger from a foreign foe, of course we
