1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
could not construct all of those forts in a perma-
nent manner; but wc should have to throw up
temporary earthworks. But the appropriations of
this bill contemplate something more permanent;
and we merely follow the recommendations of the
proper authorities, who have studied our whole
system of defenses, in the selection of these ob-
jects.
I have no question you can call on Colonel Tot-
ten and obtain his recommendation for at least five
hundred cases where it might be proper at some
time to have further fortifications, which are not
embraced in this bill; but that furnishes no reason
why this House should make an appropriation at
this time for a larger sum than is asked for by the
Secretary of War. This bill amounts to nearly
six millions of dollars, and J think that it is ail
that we can provide for, or ought to provide for,
at this time. I hope the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
because 1 am opposed to appropriating at this
time, for this purpose, even the small sum which
he provides in that amendment. I humbly con-
ceive that this proposition is pressed upon the
House by gentlemen who do not meet in discus-
sion the real point of the question. And I hope
that I shall not be undcistood to be opposed at
the proper'time to a proper amendment for this
purpose, whether that purpose be local or general
in us character.
But, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means,
headed by a distinguished gentleman fiom the
great State of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] has
seen fit to introduce and bring in a bill devoted for
specific purposes, of which that proposed is not
one. This appropriation, for reasons good and
sufficient, in theestimation of this eonimittec, has
not been included. The object to which this ap-
propriation relates, has been referred, with similar
subjects, to another committee, upon which also
the great State of Pennsylvania is represented by
a very distinguished gentleman, [Mr. Wright.]
Now, sir, the point is, that if Massachusetts,
New Yot k, Pennsylvania, and other States inter-
ested in coast defenses, are expected to furnish
themselves with certificates of military men and
arm themselves with amendments to tack on to
appropriation bills, and in that way to provide
for the defenses of their States, we should all be
upon the qui vivc at once to understand our dut ies;
and I feel that I am guilty of grratlaehes if indeed
that is the appropriate mode of fortifying the coast.
I submit to the committee, without touching at
all the mcritsof this appropriation—because I con-
ceive that the stronger the case the stronger my
objection is—if it be such a clear and overwhelm-
ing case of merit as gentlemen say, the moie abund-
ant is the assurance that the Military Committee
will not omit it upon the list of recommended works
and appropriations. Therefore, I say, without
touching at all the question of the merits ot this
particular work and the appropriation proposed
for it, I hope that none of us will be expected,
come from what State he may, to watch these ap-
propriation bills in the hope of annexing, by way
of codicil or some other attachment to them, the
provisions by which the works called for, and
called for loudly, in these various harbors, are to
be constructed. Let this case, meritorious as it
may be, like the case of the harbors ofNew York,
Bosto'n, and a great variety of other works I might
advert to, take, as they have already taken by the
reports of the Departments and the action of this
House, a reference to the appropriate committees,
o'ne set of them to a select committee raised for
that particular purpose, and another set, upon a
motion deliberately made, to a standing commit-
tee of this House, the Military Committee. And
upon that ground, and without ^venturmg to ex-
press any opinion, or dissenting fi om any opinion,
I hope the commUtcc wiU not now, tor any pur-
pose, no matter what the instance may he, inau-
gurate a system of this sort, which will devolve
upon all of us to watch each of these bills, to tiy,
and to reiterate the trial, to tack upon them one
appropriation after another m order that we may
not be m default in regard to llm woiks in winch
our districts and States are deeply interested.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not rise to debate
the particulars of this bill, but only to make a sug-
gestion, which I think is worthy the consideration
of this House, in reference to almost all the appro-
priations contained in this bill. The fortifications
for which these appropriations arc made arc all
intended in contemplation of a foreign war, and for
the defense of the country against a foreign war.
The fortifications may be important in themselves,
and at the proper time they ought to be attended
to and constructed. But I submit to gentlemen
whether our necessities do not admonish us to
forbear these otherwise necessary appropriations,
in consideration of the war in which we are now
engaged. Wcare, by these appropriations, guard-
ing against a foreign war—guardingagainstapos-
sibilityand a contingency—while, nevertheless,
we have a war certain upon our hands, formid-
able and more important than any foreign war can
be. It is not to be waged upon the frontier; it is
waged in the heart of the country, and the hfeof
the country depends upon it. It demands all our
energies. We are defending a little inlet here, and
a little outlet there, from possible attacks of for-
eign foes in a foreign war. All these things, I
hope,.are far from us; at any rate, they are not
itpon us. But we have a war upon us. Had we
not better preseivc and apply all these means to
that war? Those may defend cities; but we arc
engaged in a war which demands of us the defense
of our country and our whole Government. Let
us defend the Government, and then, in tune of
peace—in better times—take care of the dangers
which arise from a foreign war. My conviction is
so deep of the propriety of this course that, though
I might differ therein with all the honored and
wise members of this body, I should find it diffi-
cult to vote for this bill.
There is one appropriation I approve of, and
that is the $500,000 for contingencies of fortifica-
tions. Thus expenditure, in the progress of this
war, may be necessary. I am willing to make it
a million, and strike out all other appropriations
in this bill for all works. I merely suggest this.
The time to which 1 am limited does not admit of
argument upon the subject, nor of much explana-
tion, and if I had time, I have no disposition to
enter into any discussion. I confine myself to
suggesting this thing for the consideration of the
House, and especially for the consideration of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is o cause in which we ought all to feel, and in
which we ail do feci,a common mteiest. We have
not money enough for everything. We have not
money enough to earryon the war that is within
our borders. We'are compelled to borrow and !o
resoit to the extremest measuies to furnish the
means to carry on this war. Shall we atthe same
time that we are carrying on this internal war, this
deplorable and formidable war, turn aside any of
our resources to any other object but that which
is the most important of all objects—the war which
is actually upon us? I think it is no time to take
extensive precautions against a foreign war, which
may not come for a long time, and which, I hope,
is far from us. I do not believe we are to have a
foreign warin any short period of time. In four
months, if our Aimy do their duty, our blockade
will be of no consequence. We ought to have a
blockade within our borders, and by our Army
upon our whole coast. Let us turn nil our exer-
tions to the accomplishment of that. To lay taxes
to make fortifications against a foreign and only
contingent war seems to*mo an impendent and
rash measure, especially at a time like this.
f therefore move to strike out the first appro pi ia-
tion made in this bill, not as a mere foimal motion,
but to test the general question which I now make.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der, as the committee have passed fiom that por-
tion of the bill.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Dams, find it was not agreed
to.
Mr. WATTS. I move to strike out lines foity-
two and foity-three, as follows:
For additional foitrf at the Toitugdh, Hondo.. .^200,000.
I do not make the motion for the purpose of
making a speech, but to call the attention of the
House to a few facts connected with this appio-
puation.
By reference to the acts of the extra session of
Congress, it will appear that th<ue was an appro-
priation for Foit Taylor of $100,000, at Florida,
and for Fort Jefferson another $100,000. These
two identical forts, by the present bill, get an ap-
propriation each of $200,000 for this present year,
and $100,000 each for the year to come. Now, I
wish to suggest to the House whether it is ex-
pedient to enter upon the construction of new-
works for the coming year with a preparatory
appropriation of $200,000, which will be followed
by others from year to year, until the work is
completed. These forts have already had appro-
priated for their defense $800,000, and is it pru-
dent and right to enter upon tho experiment of
making appropriations for new works in the com-
ing year? Had we not better husband our present
resources, and apply them to some practical and
useful and present purpose?
I thiow out these suggestions for the consid-
eration of the House, and I make the motion in
good faith in oider to test the sense of the House
as to the propriety of commencing the building of
new forts.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. It is true that these appropri-
ations are large; but we are informed on good au-
thority that " the prudent man foresceth the evil
and hideth himself, but the simple pass on and are
punished.'5
Now, I do not sympathize with this cry of gen-
tlemen who say " peace ! peace!" when there is
no peace; and inasmuch as the committee whose
duty it is have had this matter under considera-
tion and have recommended these appropriations,
1 am desirous of voting, and am determined, for
one, to vote for thorn, although 1 am not willing
to vote for any additional expenditures on the hap-
hazard recommendation of individual members of
the House.
Sir, nothing is more certain in the future, if we
can prophesy concerning that which will come to
pass, and from the indications of the present, than
that we shall need protection against foreign Pow-
ers; and we shall piobably need this fort to which
tho gentleman from New Mexico refeis, and still
other fortifications, as penal colonies to which to
transport pro-slavery rebels and keep them there
m order that we may establish or reestablish our
Government: Although I am generally upon the
side of economy, lam for these appropiiations
which have been recommended by the proper De-
partment, and consequently I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from New Mexico.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the clause
proposed to bo stricken out, by increasing the
amount $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, if the doctrine propounded by
the gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
is to be made the standard that is to govern the
action of this House, then I think we ought not
to proceed with this bill. This bill provides not
only for the repairs and preservation of existing
fortifications, but it contemplates the erection of
new fortifications, and we cannot tell, from the
phraseology of the bill, what appropriations are
designed for new works, and what for repairs.
Now, sir, I partly agree with the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, that in the existing
state of things there should be no new works com-
menced unless there is an absolute and overrul-
ing necessity for them. 1 have not footed up the
amounts in the bill, but I am told that it contem-
plates the appiepilation of between five and six
millions of dollars. Thatwouldbca large sum of
money at any time, and it is a fearfully large sum
n o w.
Sir, the bill is entitled "a bill making appro-
piiations for the constructionx preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications." The bill does
not inform us how much of this money is to be
expended in the construction of new works. The
bill ought to designate how much of this immense
sum ot money is designed for new woiks, and
how much is designed for the- repairs and preser-
vation of works already commenced. In this view
of the ense, and also regarding it as a matter of
absolute necessity that we should be governed by
the extremist economy, I hope that we shall post-
pone acuon upon this bill until it can be more fully
examined.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. 11 must certainly have struck
llie House with some little surprise to hear the
remaiks of the gentleman who has just taken his
scat, when he was so recently advocating an in-
crease of the appropriations contained in this
bill.
