1862.
THE COtf GEESSIGNAL' GLOBE.
of special agents of the Po*t Office Department, employed
on temporary service, at any sum less than the amount
designated for such service by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move a few more
amendments. At the conclusion of the State of
Illinois, I move to insertalist which was mislaid:
FiOm Bellville, viaMillstadt, to Columbia ; from Smith-
ton, via Fioraville, to Waterloo; from Marissa to Coulter-
villp; frftnl Pinekneyville to Duquoin; from Illinoistown,
via Coultervilte Station, to Miilstadt; trom Fioraville to
Hecker; from Greenville, via Cottonwood Grove, Pleasant
Prairie, and VValshville, to Litchfield; fiom Tamaroa, via
Acton and Spring Garden, to Moore's Prairie; from Clare-
mont, via Stringtovvn, Charency, and Hardinsville, to Rob-
inson ; from Toulon, via £1 intra, Osceola, and Neponset,
to Sheffield ; from Salem to McLeansboro.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to add in Mary-
land one route; after line one hundred and forty-
one, to insert "from Beckleysville, via Grave Run
Mills, to Hampstead."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In New Jersey, after line
two hundred and forty-four, I move to insert
" from Mount Holly, via Lamberton, to Med-
fortl."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.COLLAMER. In Colorado, line four hun-
dred and four, " Canejos" should be " Conejos."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In Kansas, after line one
hundred and twenty-eight, I move to insert
" from Junction City, via Gatesville, to Washing-
ton, "Washington county."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the title
by adding, " and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to take
up a little appropriation bill that has been on the
table for several days. It will take but a few
moments.
Mr. WADE. We are close by the hour for the
special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not ask you to
postpone the special order, if you insist on it.
Mr. WADE. I feel that I ought to insist on
the special order; we are within a minute of the
time for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will let us take up joint reso-
lution No. 78. The Senator from Missouri is to
leave for home to-morrow, and is desirous to move
an amendment to that resolution, and as it con-
cerns his constituents very much, I think we ought
to act on it before he leaves. I think it will take
but a few moments. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I will move to take up joint reso-
lution No. 78.
Mr. WADE. If there is an overruling neces-
sity to take up that joint resolution, I shall not
ob]ect to it; but the bill which is the special order
1 am exceedingly anxious to get along with.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itwillonly
take five minutes.
Mr. WADE. I do not believe the other will
take more than five.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour for the
special assignment in the morning hour having
arrived, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
it up.
Mr. WILSON^f Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Ohio sujpfests that he will let the bill be
taken up and allow the Senator from Missouri to
move his amendment.
Mr. WADE. Then, if there is any debate, it
can be laid over.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iam exceedingly anx-
ious, if this resolution is to be passed, that it
should be passed this morning, or that I should
have an oppoitunity of offering amendments, and
that they be acted oil this morning. I suppose
there will be no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that joint resolution will be regarded as
before the Senate.
The joint resolution (S. No. 78) to "suspend all
payments under the act approved 25th March,
1862,'entitled "An act to secure to the officers
and men actually employed in the western depart-
ment,or department of Missouri, their pay, boun-
ty, and pensions," and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend by
adding after the word " President," in the ninth
line, the words, " immediately after the passage
of tins resolution;" so that the commissioners
shall be immediately appointed; and also to strike
out the word " two," in line ten, and insert
"three;" so that it will read, " three commission-
ers."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso at the end of the first section:
Provided, That the said commissioners shall be required
to examine and report within sixty days after the passage
of this resolution upon all such claims as may be presented
by persons claiming to have been organized in the State of
Missouri, and tu have performed service, according to the
provisions of said recited act, whereupon payment shall be
made as recommended by said commissioners, and as re-
quired by said act.
I wish to require that a report shall be made
within sixty days. It will give ample time. There
are but few men really entitled under this act.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri if the operation of this bill only extended to
the State of Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I will
state the facts. The bill was gotten up by Colonel
Blair, who was engaged in this service in Mis-
souri, and it was introduced for the especial benefit
of some troops in the State of Missouri; but the
wording of the law is such as to admit of payments
to all the home guards, as they were called, who
might have been organized in the western depart-
ment. Some of the troops were organized in
Missouri, and were enlisted during the time it was
called the department of Missouri, and some of
them were enlisted during the time it was called
the western department. We used both terms in
order to include the troops that were organized at
the respective dates; but having used those terms,
it lets in the troops that may have been organized
as home guards throughout the entire western de-
partment, including various States. I do not ob-
ject to this, but I desire that others coming in un-
der the bill shall not postpone the payment of the
Missouri troops longer than sixty days. I want
a report made within the next sixty days, so far
as regards the Missouri troops. The fact is,
those men were called into service there under the
administration of General Lyon, and afterwards
under the administration of General Fremont.
They performed service, some of them for five or
six months. They were lying around in mala-
rious regions, watching railroads, and fighting
whenever it was necessary, during the summer
of 1861. Many of them were killed by the enemy;
they were shot by sentinels and pickets. None
of them have ever yet received a dollar. Now,
because others have come in, and a larger number
have asked for payment under the bill than I ever
contemplated, the payment of those men who so
justly deserve payment has been postponed, and
a proposition is made to postpone it indefinitely.
All that I desire by this amendment is that the
Missouri troops, who have actually served under
the department commanders in the West, shall
be paid within the next sixty days. That is all
I ask.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator that
this should not be limited to the State of Missouri.
The commissioners should, within sixty days,
also examine the accounts that may be presented
for the pay of other troops.
Mr. HENDERSON. I Am not satisfied that
they can do it. A paymaster writes here that
there are troops enough throughout the depart-
ment of the West asking for payment under this
bill to take $3,000,000. If that be the case, they
cannot do it in sixty days. There is no difficulty
in Missouri in ascertaining, even in thirty days,
the number of men who are entitled to pay, but
I do not know how long it may take to ascertain
how many are entitled m the States of Kentucky,
Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas. I really know noth-
ing about those States. If gentlemen desire to fix
a time within which payment shall be^ made ill
those States, let them offer their propositions. I
really did not know that there were any troops in
those States .entitled payment until afte'r' the1
passage of the original act," except that, about the
time of its passage, just-as it was being put upon
its passage, the Senator from Kansas remarked
that there were some troops in his State, and he
inquired of me if the resolution would Cover tVem.
I told him I thought it would if his State was'in
the department of the West. He remarked to me
that there were very few of them, and, witii that
exception, I was not aware that there were any
entitled except those who "served in Missouri/
who were called into service by General Lyon and
General Fremont; but if there be, gentlemen can-
fix their own time. Really I do not" desire that'
our troops in Missouri shall be put off any longer
than sixty days.
Mr. GRIMES. I am somewhat surprised that
the Senator from Missouri should have supposed
there were no troops that had been called out under
either of those commander's except those in the
State of Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator certainly
did not understand me in that way. I meant to'
say, and so stated, tliat the troops that were called!
out irregularly in the State of Missouri wereirtt-
mediately around General Lyon, and he needed
them at the time; for instance, when he went to:
Boonville and started down through the South-
west, he had not time to regularly enroll men; the
mustering-in rolls were not attended to, and he did
not stop to make any inquiries about them. My
impression was that the troops organized in Iowa,
were regularly mustered in, that there was no
difficulty about their mustering-in rolls. These
men in Missouri were irregularly mustered in on
account of the haste in which they were called
into the field.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. WADE. I think it is very apparent now
that we shall not be able to get through with this
resolution, and gentlemen agreed that they would
let it go if it led to debate.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe 5 occupy the floor.
Mr. WADE. I call the attention of gentlemen
to the agreement, and leave it to them to say
whether they will abide by it or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to protract the
debate. I want to have some provision to include
the troops which were called out in the same man-
ner from Iowa, for instance the regiment of Col-
onel Edwards, of whom the Senator from, Mis-
souri has probably heard, who marched all the
way across to St. Joseph, and the companies of
Colonel Moore's regiment—Colonel Moore, I
think, from Clark county, who commanded three
or four Iowa companies—and some colonel from
Fremont county, I do not remember his name.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. There was quite
a large number from your State of Iowa, I know,
and they rendered very important service.
Mr. GRIMES. I want them included.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa to olfer an amendment, adding
these words after the word " Missouri," in the
seventh line, " or any other military department
of the United States."
Mr. GRIMES. That is open to objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like tp make
a suggestion to the Senator from Iowa. I propose -
to reach the troops of Kansas by a proviso in this
shape: "that nothing herein shall be construed
to apply to the Kansas troops." The War De-
partment has already appointed an officer to audit
the accounts of those troops.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose that the bill be in-
formally laid aside until to-morrow. The Sena-
tor from Missouri has got his amendment on, to
which there is no objection. That will not be dis-
turbed when he goes away, and in tlie mean time
other provisions will bo put on that will meet the
other cases in the States of Kansas, Kentucky,
and Iowa. ...
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that; but let me suggest to the Senator from Iowa,
that the troops to whom he refers will be included
under the law as it now stands. Colonel Moore's
regiment will be paid, and any troops that may
have come from Iowa, and been employed under
Colotiel Moore, for I know that Colonel Moore
acted under the ordei s of General Fremont I am
satisfied, he having acted in Missouri and his regi-
ment having been organized in Missouri, they will
be entitled to pay under the bill as it now stands.
Mr. GRIMES. But there were two other rcgi-
