1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
to be added to the price at which the tea is sold
for consumption. An examination of the price
currents will show that the price of tea of all lands
is now at least twenty cents per pound higher
than the price of the same kinds and qualities of
tea twelve months ago*, and so it will be with to-
bacco, distilled liquors, and manufactured goods
twelve months hence, if this bill is passed; an ex-
amination of the price currents will then show
that all the articles on which this bill imposes a
duty will be, at least, as much higher than now,
as the amount of duty you impose, unless some
other causes have occurred, which this bill could
not control or have prevented, to depreciate the
value or price of those articles.
The committee having decided to tax consumers,
by imposing a duty on manufactures, the question
as to the most judicious and equitable mode of
doing it then presented itself, and received the pa-
tient and careful consideration of the committee.
They adopted what they considered the most di-
rect and the most just and equal mode—that of
taxing each article, as far as possible, in the form
in which it was usually consumed, and in which
it possessed the highest value.J For example,
many articles of manufacture are only one step in
the advance of the crude material towards a con-
dition in which it goes into direct consumption,
and simply prepares it for use, as the material, or
one of the materials, in some other manufacture.
Some articles go through several of these stages or
processes of manufacture before they are advanced
to the condition in which they are ready to be
used to administer to the necessities or conven-
ience of the people for actual consumption. These
different processes or states of advance from the
crude material to the article ready for consump-
tion, in many cases are conducted by some parties
as one manufacture, while in other eases each
process of the manufacture of the same aiticle is
conducted by different persons, as a distinct branch
of manufactuie. A duty, therefore, without dis-
crimination, on each manufacturer, would operate
with great injustice, by imposing a duty on the
manufacture m each process or stage toward the
article leady for consumption, while in the case of
large manufacturers, with ample means to carry
on\he business through ail its processes, the ar-
ticle would pay but one duty when finished and
ready for consumption.
As an illustiation, let us take the aiticlc of rail-
road iron, and of iron known in commerce as bar
or rolled iron, which is in the same stage of man-
ufacture as railroad iron. Some iron works in
Pennsylvania are located near the mines of iron
ore and of coal, which are owned by the propiic-
tors of the works. This ore and coal is mined,
the pig iron is made, the iion converted into slabs
or blooms by puddling or boiling, and finally it is
roll" d into bats, or lails, or such other form as
may be required, for consumption; and in tins
last condition the bill imposes on it a tax of $1 50
pei ton.
1 have heard it suggested, in fact some one,
either through ignorance or malice, lias gone so
far as to have a document printed and circulated
through the country, denouncing the able chair-
man "f the Committee of Ways and Means for
injustice and partiality towards the interests of
his own State, because this bill did not impose a
separate, distinct duty on the ore, the coal, and
the pig iron, and the puddled or boiled iron, as
well as on l oiled iron; so that the article of rolled
iron made in the New England States, and gen-
erally in the State of New York, where the ore,
the coal, and the pig iron, and often the puddled
iron constitute a separate manufactuie, should have
paid five duties when sold ready for consumption
as rolied iron. I think this biliwould have oper-
ated very unjustly towards the iron mills of New
England and of New York, if the duty had been
imposed m this way. But whether right or wrong,
1 will say, m justice to our able chairman, that
ho had nothing to do with this arrangf ment of the
bill—which, as 1 before stated, was decided upon
in the sub-committee without his knowledge; and
when this part of it was submitted to the commit-
tee he opposed it, until these reasons for imposing
the duty m tins way were explained to him.
I have detailed the operation of the bill in this
respect, m rt fm*nce to iron, because it illustrates
what exists to a greater or less extent in reference
to many other articles of manufacture, and to in-
form the House in regard to th<* piincipJes which
influenced the committee in levying the various
duties on manufactures, as they have in this bill.
The principle adopted in the committee was to
levy the duty on the manufactured article in the
condition in which it was usually sold for con-
sumption, and to avoid as far as possible levying
any tax on the materials used for the manufacture
upon which the duty is imposed.
There is a point, however, beyond which the
committee did not propose to carry this principle;
and that is, where an article of manufacture has
various uses, and is used both as an article of di-
rect consumption, and also as a material for some
other manufacture.
I have stated the general principles which have
guided the committee in imposing the duties as
pioposed in this bill; at the same time they have
not adhered closely to them in all cases, but have
exercised their discretion in modifying them in
some cases to meet necessities and expediencies,
which from their own knowledge, or from repre-
sentations made by the parties in interest, were
commended to the judgment of the committee.
Since this bill was printed, the committee have
been constantly engaged in preparing amendments
to perfect it, which will be submitted, as the por-
tions of the bill to which they refer come under
consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
of course, in five minutes I could notexpect, even
if I were as conversant with the subject as the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
to reply in detail to the several propositions which
he has presented; but I desire to say a few words,
inasmuch as this proposition, from a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, seems to de-
velop the policy and the principles of this bill. I
had judged difi'erently of its principle, its policy,
and its proposed opeiation. I had hoped it was
different from the position taken by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I desire to vote for this bill.
I am willing to vote for almost any tax to laise
revenue to cany on our Government; but I do in-
sist that there ought to be some justice and some
fair distribution of the burdens of this Govern-
ment among the people, so that it shall reach the
capital of the country as well as individuals.
Mr. Chairman, I have heard it said, since I have
heaid anything said upon the subjeetof the tariff,
that the consumers do not pay all the duties levied.
I had believed that. I had been educated in the
old Whig school until my judgment was con-
vinced, by the operation of the various tariff laws,
that the consumers did not pay all the duties levied
upon goods. The opponents of the tariff system
have always claimed that the consumers paid the
duties, and hence that it was unjust. If I am now
to be converted from that doctrine and satisfied
that the consumer does pay all the duties and
taxes upon alleles of consumption, 1 must re-
nounce forever my adhesion to the doctiine of tax-
ation by imposts.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that the object of this
bill h that the consumers and not the producers
or maimfactuiers shall bear the burdens of tins
taxation. Who are the consumers? A single
glance will satisfy any man of the injustice of this
measure. The consumers of the country belong
to that great class who are the laboters and the
workers. Six hundred thousand of them are to-
day bearing their muskets upon their shoulders
in the field, others are tilling the ground at home;
they are the poor men; they are the hope, the
strength, the safety of the country. They do con-
sume, they must consume, they will consume,
and if this bill is carried out according to the pim-
ciple of the gentleman from Massachusetts, they
will pay the entire tax of the country. I ask you,
Mr. Chairman, m God's name, is that just, and
shall that be the policy of our Government in tins
the hour of immense expendituies and immense
taxation? I hope and trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts is mistaken, for I do notwanthim
to convince me that it is my duty, under the oath
that I have taken, to vote against this measure.
I have been in favor of this bill, sir, because I be-
lieved that it did tax the capital of the country—
the live capital, the profitable capital, that capital
which is carrying on the business of the country;
and for that reason 1 have been a friend and advo-
cate of it from the time that its pnncipie was an-
nounced. I am unwilling to tax manufacturers
more than any others, but 1 want to tax them ac-
cording to their profits, according to their capital,
according to their interest in the country—nothing
more and nothing less. I was gratified when this
bill was introduced, that it did impose taxation
upon manufacturers, for the reason thatsuchata3c
would fall equally on the manufacturer, the pro-
ducer,and the consumer; entering, as it.is .justly
said, into the price of the article manufactured, H
must reach about equally the producer who sup-
plies the material, the manufacturer, whose capi-
tal is invested and whose labor is employed^and
the consumer, who, with the exceptions ofactual
necessaries of life, controls at will the amount of
sales of manufactured articles, and thus by the
laws of competition and supply and demand, arid
the dependence of one branch of industry on an-
other, you uppioximate more nearly to equality
in taxation than by any other system. I am,
therefore, constrained, notwithstanding the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, to
sustain this bill.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the words " for sale." I
offer this amendment for the purpose of saying
that while I have followed the Committee of
Ways and Means on this bill, trusting to the fidel-
ity with which they have discharged the duties
imposed upon them, while I have voted for a tax
upon liquors, and while my vote will stand re-
corded in favor of the passage of this bill, I am
influenced in this course by no such considera-
tions as those given by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.J If I understand him
aright these duties are imposed upon the country
as a police measure. Sir, I protest against the
right of this Congress to impose police measures
upon the country. If, in the opinion of the people
of any State, the sale and use of intoxicating
liquois is injuring the morals of the people, it is
for the State to correct the evil; it is not for this
Congress to do it.
I vote for this bill and for the imposition of these
taxes because I believe it will increase the reve-
nue of the country, and it is no part of my busi-
ness to correct the moials of the people.
Now, sir, a word m regard to a remark of the
gentleman excusing the exemption from duty of
an article which, in my judgment, would bear tax-
ation, and upon which the tax would be more
equally distiibutcd than upon any other article
which the ingenuity of the Committee of Ways
and Means could suggest. I mean the article of
coal. Sir, it is a specious argument that coal
should be exempted from taxation because it en-
ters into the manufacture of iron. I can tell the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts that but a small
portion of the coal mined from the rich mines of
this country enters into the manufacture of iron.
It produces steam; it propels our vessels on the
ocean; it warms our hearths; it is diffused all
through society; and there is no article upon which
a .small tax, say of ten cents per ton, would be so
equally distributed and so little felt as upon coal.
1 trust that the fact that the manufacture of iron
in some of its more refined forms requires coal,
will not be considered as a reason for exempting
from taxation this article which will, without im*
posing any perceptible burden upon the people,
produce millions of revenue.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman;
I oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, and I wish to say a few words in re-
ply to the carefully prepared remarks of my re-
spected colleague, [Mr. Hooper;] and, sir, I do
so with considerable diffidence, because itis with
extreme reluctance that I differ from his judgment
in any opinions which I may form. But, sir, as
I do not assent to some of trie views which he has
presented to the House, and as 1 do not wish by
my silence to appear to assent to them, I desire
to improve this opportunity to state sonic ot the
reasons why I cannot do so. I do not now pro-
pose to discuss the wisdom of the plan adopted
by the Committee of Ways and Means; but it
does seem to me that, instead of singling out the
manufacturing interests of the country, the pro-
ducts of the skill and mechanical industry of the
country, and making them the spccial objects of
taxation through which this enormous revenue
shall be received, it would certainly have been
equally just, and perhaps equally wise, to have
seen whether there were not certain great articles
furnished by nature herself which may be objects
of taxation before we comedown to the products
of human ingenuity and handicraft.
