2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
ments—one under Colonel Edwards, and another
under a gentleman, known to the Senator's col-
league, from Fremont county, whose name I do
not recollect.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. There were two
regiments engaged, I believe, irregularly mus-
tered.
Mr. GRIMES. They were irregularly mus-
tered Iowa militia, and they rendered, as the Sen-
ator has already said, very important service in
the western part of Missouri.
Mr. WILSON of Missouri. 1 think one of
these regiments was organized in Missouri, that
was under Colonel Edwards; but I do not know
the fact.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
itslying over, and I have no objection to other Sen-
ators making arrangements in regard to their own
troops. My own object is that the payment shall
not be suspended over sixty days so far as the
Missouri troops are concerned.
Mr. KING. I think it had better not be limited
to any certain number of days, which may make
it impracticable for them to complete their work
within the time. That it should be done at as
early a day as practicable is very certain, and I
think those words had better be used, leaving it
to the Secretary of War under that direction, to do
this business just as promptly as it can be done.
If it can be done in forty days, very well; but a
limitation of sixty days may compel these com-
missioners to make their report before they shall
have really ascertained the facts necessary to be
known. I make that suggestion.
Mr. WILSON of Missouri. I will state to the
Senator from New York that so far as the State of
Missouri is concerned, there will be no sortof diffi-
culty in complying with it in sixty days, or half the
time, because most of the troops that were em-
ployed in this way lived in the city of St. Louis
and the towns adjacent; and there are only about
twenty-eight hundred of them altogether.
Mr. IiOWE. Is this question disposed of?
The VICE X'XiESIDENT. It is not. There is
a pending amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. IIenuerson1,] upon which
the question 1ms not been taken.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
that adopted.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Missouri thinks
this can bo done within thirty days. I hope it
may; the sooner the better; but I think we ought
not to put a given number of days upon the War
Department within which toclosesuch a business
as this, and the words " at the earliest practicable
day" had better be substituted. I move that
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON^. I sincerely hope that
will not be adopted. These men lnive been with-
out their pay now for twelve months, and they
desire to be paid promptly if they are ever to
receive any payment. It will take but a small
amount to pay them; and I have put in three com-
missioners, so that if three men be taken from dif-
ferent paits of the State, I am satisfied that almost
at the first meeting they may determine who are
entitled to pay under this law. There is no diffi-
culty in asceitmmngit, so far as my State is con-
cerned, in the course of a very short time. I can
name three gentleman to the War Department,
honest,capable, upright gentlemen, who will set-
tle them in the course of ten days; and I desire
that they shall be paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New York
to the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurring on Mr. Henderson's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 now propose the fol-
lowing amendment;
Provided further. That nothing heroin shall he construed
to apply to'tlie Kansas troops.
I desire to state to the Senate that the Kansas
troops are now in process of payment; that the
Secretary of War lias appointed General Blunt to
audit the claims. They are small in amount, and
they will be paid in a few days. I do not want
this resolution to intetfere with them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not object to it so
far as the Kansas troops are concerned, but an
amendment of this character will leave the pay-
ment to be made immediately to the Kansas troops,
because there will be no suspension as to them,
and the suspension of sixty days will operate on
Missouri troops, for whom I intended the bill.
Mr.LANE,ofKansas. The difference between
the Missouri troops and the Kansas troops is that
a special appropriation of $100,000 has been made
to pay the Kansas troops, and the Secretary of
War is now engaged in auditing the accounts.
The amount is small, and I hope the proviso will
be adopted.
The question being put, it appeared by the viva
voce vote that the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I call for the yeas and
nays. 1 ask the Senate, however, to let the bill
lie over until to-morrow. I move to postpone it
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. WADE. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate without a motion.
Mr. WADE. I give notice that to-morrow
morning I shall insist upon it against anything
that can be got up.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio, as I did all last week. Yesterday I suc-
ceeded in getting a bill before the Senate. I under**
stand it may now be referred without any further
debate, and I should like to have the reference
made.
Mr. WADE. Well, I have no objection to it,
if you do not make a speech about it.
Mr.HOWE. No,sir; I shall notmake aspeech
about it. 1 move to proceed to the consideration
of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to postpone the existing order
for the purpose of taking up the bill (S. No.332)
to aid in restoring order and. preserving the pub-
lic peace withip the insurrectionary districts.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the question
of the reference of the bill, the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied the Senate do not
wish to hear me on the subject, and I am better
satisfied I do not want to speak upon it. I there-
fore waive it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin has modified his bill since its introduc-
tion by adding certain words. The bill, as now
modified by the Senator, will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none, and it is so referred.
LAND TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 298) donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, the pending question being on
the amendmentofMr. Lane, ofl£ansas,to insert,
at the end of section two, the following:
Jind provided further, That not more than one million
acres shall bo located by such assignees m any one of the
States: Jlnd providedJurtker, That no such location shall
be made before one year from the passage of this. act.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this question,
the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I could have said what I
intended to say in thirty minutes; but the morn-
ing hour is now nearly exhausted, and I hope this
subject will go over until to-morrow. It would
be hardly fair to compel me to go on now and be
interrupted in a few moments.
Mr. WADE. I will not resist the motion if we
postpone it and make it the special order for to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, when I shall
insist upon taking it up against everything else;
because gentlemen very frequently ask me to yield
on a matter on which there will be no debate, when
I know there will be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that motion sub-
mitted?
Mr. WILKINSON. That motion is submitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
to, and made the special order for, to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
QUINDARO NANCY GUTHRIE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 315. it will not take a moment
to dispose of it. It is a private bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 315) for the relief of Cluindaro
Nancy Guthrie and her children of Shawnee
blood. The bill directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to pay to Quindaro Nancy Guthrie and her
children of Shawnee blood, heretofore excluded
from the annuities of the tribe, their proportion of
tribal annuities and investments since the year
1852, inclusive, with interest and indemnity, based
on the value of lands in the years 1856 and 1857,
for being excluded from the selection of land pro-
vided for in the second article of the treaty of the
10th of May, 1854- The payments are to be in
full for all claims for annuities arising out of
previous treaties, and are to be made out of any
moneys now due, or hereafter to become due, to
the Shawnees of Kansas. The Secretary is also di-
rected topermitQ,uindaro Nancy Guthrie to locate
for herself and children a quantity of land equal
to that selected by otherShawneesoutof the lands
reserved for absent Shawnees, under the second
article of the above-mentioned treaty, to be held
by her by the same tenure as the locations of other
Shawnees under the treaty.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike outall after the
enacting clause, and insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to reexamine the claim of Quindaro
Nancy Guthrie, and her four-children, to be entitled to an-
nuities and lands as members of the Shawnee tribe of In-
dians; and if, upon such examination, he shall be satisfied
that they arc so entitled, then he is authorized and directed
to pay to her and her said children their just proportion of
tribal annuities and investments, as to other members of
said tribe, for the whole period during which he has found
that they have been unjustly excluded. Thesaid payments
to be made out of any money.-? now due, or hereafter to be-
come due, to the Shawnees of Kansas. And the said Sec-
retary is also authonzed and directed, on the condition
above specified, to permit the said Cluindaro Nancy Guth-
rie tolocate for herself and childien aquantityof land equal
to that selected by other Shawnees. out of the lands reserved
for absent Shawnees, under the second article of the treaty
of the J 0th day ot May, 1834, to be held by her by the same
tenuie as the locations, of other Shawnees under bald treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. The title should beam&nded
so as to read, " A bill for the relief of Cluindaro
Nancy Guthrie and her children." The words
" of Shawnee blood" should be stricken oIT, be-
cause that is the very question to be determined.
The title was so amended.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The bill (H. R. No. 471) to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses of
the present rebellion and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WRIGHT rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of that
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
Mr. WRIGHT subsequently said: I rise to a
question of order in relation to the confiscation
bill from the House of Representatives. 1 ob-
jected to its reference to a committee, and I desire
to know how to reach that question. If there is
no other way, I shall move a reconsideration. I
objected as far as I could. I d^pnot want that bill
to go to a committee. I desired to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it immediately at the time.
I want to see some action on the subject. It has
been discussed here quite long enough. If there
is no other way, I move to reconsider the vote
referring it, and ask for the yeas and nays upon
it. I desire to enter my protest against the refer-
ence of that bill to any committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did rec-
ognize the fact that the Senator rose, but supposed
the Senator addressed the Chair upon the motion
made subsequently by another Senator, and there
was no division of the Senate on the question of
reference. The Senator stating that ne rose for
that purpose, the Chair will state the question
