3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. HENDERSON. There must be some ritis-
take in regard to that matter. I understand that
the bill was recently reported back by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record will
determine the question. ^After a pause.] The
clerks are unable to find any such bill on the files.
. EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. We have a great deal to do.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
anil after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 14, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of'Saturday was road and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous .consent, laid
before the House a communication fiom the Sec-
retary of the Navy in answer to a resolution of
the House of the 20th ultimo relative to a lifled
cannon used in the Navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
SUPPLR5IKNTAI, CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a hill making supplemental appropriations for
sundry civil pxpenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 18G3, and for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1862; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is no objection, I ask
that the hill may have its first consideration in the
House.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that it may be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
It was so referred,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill bo made
u special order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. *P. A. CONKLINli. 1 object to the bill
being made a special order.
The SPRAIvER. A majority of the House can
make a general appropriation bill a special order
at any time, and hence the Clnur rules the motion
in oriler.
Mr. I'. A. CONKLING. Does the Chair dc-
cidi: that, a majority can suspend tho rules?
The SL'EAKICR. No; but the Chair decides
that a majority may make a general appropriation
bill n special order at any.time. The Clerk will
lead the lule from Barclay's Mnmuil.
Tin." Clerk read as follows:
'•The House mny at any time, by a vote of a majority of
ilie members present, make, any of tile general iippropiui-
tlon bills a speoml <mii r—Hutc 119. But In all other eaaes,
it requires a iwo~thinH vote to make a special order, it be-
ing a change ot tile eatubiisheil order of business."
The motion submitted by Mr. Stevens was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that debate upon this
bill be limited, in Committee of the Whole, to five
minutes.
Mr. 1-'. A. CONKLING. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate cannot be closed upon
the bill until it has first been considered in com-
mittee.
BETTER GOVERNMENT OFTIIIC NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I rise to a privileged ques-
-tion. 1 de-sire to present the report of a commit-
tee of confeiencc.
The report was read,as follows:
Tile committee of conference en the liisapreeiin; votes of
tiie two Ileu--.es oa the bill of the Senate (No. 348) for the
bettei government ot' ttie United States, Navy, having met,
after tell ami tree conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Iloti.sc*, as foiiow.s:
That the Senate agree to the fk>t, second, third, fourth,
tlflii, eighteenth, nineteenth, twenty fourth, twenty-sev-
enth, twenty-eighth, tlinty-filth, Unity-ninth, fortieth, for-
ty-third, toitv -tourtn. forty-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh,
forty-eighth," fb!i)-mntli, fifty-second, fifty-fourth, fifty-
fifth, fifty-seventh, fitly-i'lghth, sixtieth, sixty-first, sixty-
second,-sixty-third, M\ty-fourtli, sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-first, seventy-
second, seventy-third, and seventy-fifth amendments of tile
House.
That the House reeedefrom their sixth, seventh,eighth,
tiinth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, nt-
teenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, twentieth, twenty-hrst,
twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth,
twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-
third, thirty-fourth, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-
eighth, forty-fiist,forty-second, fiftieth, fifty-first,fifty-third,
fifty-sixth, and fifty-ninth amendments.
That the Senate agree to the sixty-fifth amendment of the
House, with an amendment, as follows: in the first line of
the proviso, in section twelve, betore the word " salaries,"
insert the word " annual."
That the Senate agree to the seventh amendment of the
House with the following amendment: in line five,section
  strike out the word " inferior," and after the word
"Dersons," insert the words "of inferior ratings desiring
to go there." JOHN P. HALE,
b CHARLES SUMNER,
JOHN S. CARL1LE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. 1). SEDGWICK,
G. II. BROWNE,
Managers on the fart of the House.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I call the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; andalso moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED DILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of tho following titles; which there-
upon received the signature of the Speaker:
An act (II. R. No. 531) increasing temporarily
the duties oil imports, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 525) in relation to the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress by single dis-
tricts;
An act (H. R. No. 47].) to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions;
An act (PI. R. No. 437) to extend the territorial
limits of the Territory of Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 553) to establish additional
post routes;
An act (II. R. No. 84) for the relief of preemp-
| torson the Home reservation of the Winnebagoes,
in tho Blue-earth region, in the State of Minne-
sota;
An act (II. R. No. 550) to further provide for
tho collection of the revenue on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontier, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d
March, 1837, entitled "An act supplementary to
the net entitled 'An act to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States;' "
All act (S. No. 363) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to accept the title to League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) to declare the
meaning of an act to authorize tho President of
the United States in certain cases to take posses-
sion of railroad and telegraph lines, and for other
purposes, approved January 31, 18C2, and to re-
peal a part of said act.
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and lhat the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order, and
I will state it more for the purpose of ascertaining
the condition of business in the House than for
any other purpose. On Saturday last a bill was
betore the House making certain appropriations
for civil expenses, which bill was laid upon the
table, and a motion was made, which prevailed,
to lay upon the tabic a motion to reconsider the
vote by which it was laid upon the table. It is
said, whether truthfully or not I do not know,
that the bill which it is now proposed to consider
m Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is of precisely the same character as that
bill.
The SPEAKER The bill was referred to the
Committee of tho Whole on the state of the Union
some time since, and,the point of order comes too
late As to the matter of fact, the Chair is not
aware that this is the same bill as the one that was
laid upon the table on Saturday.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. White,
of IndiStia, in the chair.)
MrflSTEVENS. I move to take up bill of the
House, No. 572, making supplemental appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and for
the year ending June 30, 1862.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and read.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses for amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For salary of clerk m the Office of Returns authorized by
the act of June 2,1862, $1,200.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know, of course,
what the object of.the gentleman is in making that
motion, but this is an office created by Congress
and the salary of which has been fixed by Con-
gress, and there has been no appropriation made
as yet to pay it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The office seems to have been
created in June of the current year. It is sug-
gested to me by gentlemen around me, that cer-
tainly nonsuch office has been created by this
particular title. I hope the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania will explain the duties devolving upon
this officer.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman say that
no such office has been created ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No sir; I do not say there
is no such office, but I do not remember that any
such office has been created by this designation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to have a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to this matter
read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department of the Interior, June 30,1862.
Sir: The act of Congress approved June 2, 18625 estab-
lishing a Returns Office in this Department does not make
appiopi iation for the salary of the clerk authorized by Jaw.
i have the honor, therefore, to call your attention to the
fact in order that the Committee of Ways and Means may
lake the necessary action to provide means for the pay-
ment of the salary of tha clerk at §1,200 per annum, as con-
templated bv the act referred to.
Very icspectfuily, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary.
Hon. Tijaddeus Stevens, Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Mcans of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. The letter of the Secretary
of the Interior at once suggests the object of this
clerkship. The duty of this clerk is to keep a rec-
ord of all contracts made with the Government,
especially contracts for Army and Navy purposes.
But my recollection of the act is that it was made
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to assign
a clerk to this particular duty. ^ did not under-
stand that we were adding a clerk to the office of
the Secretary of the Interior. Certainly if that
had been the intention it would have been a very
grave objection to the bill. My impression is
that it was simply made the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to assign a clerk to this office •
who should keep a record of all contracts made
and returned to that Department by the other De-
partments.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the gentleman got the
act?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not got it before me.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think myself
that the act which was passeti establishing this
Bureau of Returns was improvident legislation on
our part, it required the establishment of a bu-
reau in the Department of the Interior to be called
the Returns Office, where copies of all contracts,
made either by the Secretary of "War, the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or the Secretary of the Interior,
or by any officer in their employment, shall be
filed within so many days after the making of those
contracts. This matter was discussed a few days
since in another branch of the Legislature. The
subject came up for consideration there. A report
had been made by the Quartermaster General that
it was an impossibility to comply with the pro-
visions of that law, and that if all the contracts
made in his department were to be filed in this
office it would require a large increase in the quar-
termaster and commissary departments. I thinit
myself the better course would be to repeal the
act passed on the 2d of June last, or to suspend
its operation so as to give further time for the con-
