1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8327
sideration of the subject. It must necessarily en-
tail upon the Government a large expenditure of
money, and no advantage will result from it. All
contracts are now required by law to be filed in
the proper offices; those relating to the Army in
the War Department, and those 'relating to the
Navy in the Navy Department.
I think if the law of June 2 should be enforced,
it would, be attended with large expense, without
any corresponding benefit to the Government. In
addition to that, lam of the opinion that the De-
partments cannot comply with the provisions of
the law.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to have the law cre-
ating the office read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The law extends
to all contracts.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
" Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior, immediately after the
passage of this ant, to provide a fit and proper apartment
in his Department, to be called the Returns Office, within
which to file the retains lequired by this act to be filed,
and to appoint a clerk to attend to the same, who shall be
entitled to an annual salary of §1,200," &e.
Mr. STEVENS. There is the law creating
this office, directing the Secretary of the Interior
to appoint the clerk, and fixing his salary. Now,
if the law is not a good one, let it be repealed;
but so long as the law remains upon the statute-
book, we must provide the salary of the clerk
appointed under it. I do not see how the House
can refuse to make the appropriation. If gentle-
men wish to repeal the law, that is another ques-
tion to be determined afterwards.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania certainly misapprehended the
tenor of my remarks. I'admit that while the law
remains in existence, it is proper that we should
pay the salary, because the Sebretary of the In-
tenor is authorized to employ this clerk; whether
he has done so or not I do not know. Rut I in-
vite the attention of the committee to the legisla-
tion which we have placed upon our statute-book.
I submit that it was inexpedient legislation, use-
less, incumbering the transaction of the necessary
business of the Government, and resulting in no
good whatever, not even in imposing a check or
barrier against fraud. I will now move to amend
the clause by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That no further expenditure shall be incuired
under the aforesaid act until after the close of the next ses-
sion of Congress.
The object of the amendment is to suspend the
operation of the act substantially, or at least to
place it in a position where it may be repealed or
suspended. I should desire myself to submit a
proposition to repeal that act.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. JVlr. Chairman, my^tten-
tion has been called to this statute in conversations
with officers who are connected with its execu-
tion; and from all that I have learned, I pronounce
it utterly impracticable. The heads of bureaus
also, I believe, pronounce its execution impossi-
ble. They say that it can be only construed as
applying to contracts for general supplies made
from year to year for the Army and Navy of the
United States. If the law were to be enforced
according to its literal provisions, the clerical force
of the War Department would have to be increased
beyond all conception. Look at it. While your
Army is in motion your quartermaster cannot ob-
tain supplies from day to day until he has com-
plied with alltheformsprovided in that bill, swear-
ing that he has no pecuniary interest in it, and that
he does not believe there is any fraud in it. I do
hope that the House will reconsider its action,and
suspend the operation of that act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not able to catch the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri. 1
desire to say that that same bill substantially was
before the last Congress, and failed by the slightest
disagreement between the two Houses. It there-
fore was not, by any means, an act of hasty le-
gislation, but was as much deliberated as any
other subject of no great importance that has been
acted on by Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have modified
my amendment so as to read:
Provided, That the execution of said act of 2d June,
1862, shall be suspended till the 4th of March next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order that
this amendment is not in order, as the suspending
the operation of a law is tantamount to repeal-
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in the nature of
independent legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to say that the sub-
ject was considered by the House in July of last
year. A slight amendment of the bill was made
in the House, in which the Senate did not concur,
and the bill failed. The measure, in its general
scope, can be executed without any very great ex-
pense, and it seems to me that it should be. With-
out it you have no restraint at all on contracts in
the War and Navy Departments, and even if the
execution of this law were to cost infinitely more
than is contemplated, it would still be a saving to
the Government to have every contract open to in-
spection. At present no information can be got
in reference to contracts made for the Army and
Navy except through the sgency of either House
of Congress calling on the Departments to furnish
information. You have no guarantee whatever for
the proper performance of the duties of officers in
regard to contracts. You have to depend alto-
gether on the fidelity and discretion of public offi-
cers. The spirit of the law is to be construed not
as applying to little matters, but to the leading con-
tracts in the quartermaster's department, the com-
missary department, the Navy Department, &c.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair,on reconsider-
ation, rules the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri as out of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 would be sorry to see this
item for a clcrk struck out, if it were absolutely
necessary to carry out the provisions of the law
referred to. I do not believe that any gentleman
in this House thought there would have to be an
independent appointment of a clerk, with a salary
of $1,200 a year. Every man jenows what an army
of clerks is employed in connection with that De-
partment of the Government, who have really lit-
tle or nothing to do. There is no head of Depart-
ment for whom I entertain higher regard than the
Secretary of the Interior. But the fact is well
known that the business of that Department is im-
mensely diminished. And yet we have made the
usual amount of appropriations for it which were
made when the Land Office and the Indian Bureau
were pressed with business. I do not believe that
this appropriation ought to be made. There are
clerks enough already provided for, one of whom
can be assigned to this duty.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am informed
that there will shortly be a bill reported to this
House, suspending the operation of the act re-
ferred to until the 4th of March next. That will
accomplish the very object that I desire, and give
time to Congress to consider the question de novo.
If Congress on examination shall see fit not to in-
terfere with it, the act will be in force. The vote
on striking out this item for a clerk will be a test
of its feeling in this matter. If we are in favor of
suspending the operation of the act, there is no
necessity for making this appropriation; but if
the act is to remain in force, then the appropria-
tion ought to be made. Under that state of facts
I shall sustain the motion to strike out, making
it a test of the sense of the House in suspending
the operation of the act.
Mr. DUNN. I shall vote for striking out this
item for reasons similar to those assigned by the
gentleman from Missouri. The bill in question
must have been inconsiderately passed. It sub-
jects officers to arrest and punishment for buying
a bushel of corn, unless the contract is enrolled.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Or for having a
horse shod.
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir; the thing is perfectly
ridiculous.
Mr. Hoi.man's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to offer at this place
an amendment appropriating §10,000 for service
on such routes authorized by the act establishing
additional post routes as in the opinion of the
PostOffice Department may be necessary. Unless
a specific appropriation be made, this service can-
not be put on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from Indiana to reserve his amendment
till the end of the brill.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the item of $1,800 for a land clerk. I am not
aware that legislation requires that appropriation
to be made. The amount, to be sure, is less than
ia generally appropriated; but at the same time
there is no good argument in favor of an appro-
priation at all.
Mr. POTTER. The committee will recollect
that this whole matter was discussed at the time
the resolution was oifered for the appointment of
this clerk. Mr. Parker, who is clerk to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, had charge of the land
maps, which he himself had gotten up, under the
auspices of the House,and at very greatexpense.
That resolution provides that he shall not only act
as clerk to the Committee on Public Lands, but
shall continue in charge of these maps and be re-
sponsible for them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. In ordet to allow & commit-
tee of conference to report, I will move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Washburne
havingtaken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
White, of Indiana, reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill of the
House No. 572, making supplemental appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1863, and for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
■ GRADES or *'AVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the committee of con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No. 280) to establish
and equalize the grades of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two [louses on House bill No. 280, to establish and
equalize the grades of lino officers of the United States
Navy, havmgmet, afterfuil and free conference have agreed
to iccommend, and do recomiuend, to their respective
Houses as follows, to wit:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
first, second, fourth, and sixth amendments of the Senate,
and agree to the *ame.
That the llou-e agree to the seventh amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment, namely, insert " not
less than" befoie the woid " three."
That the ilou^e jeccde from their disagreement to the
ninth, tenth, eleventh, tlm teentb, loui teentlu fifteenth, six-
teenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth amendments ot the
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House agree to the nineteenth amendment of
the Senate witfi the following amendment, namely, insert
after " Navy," the woids "now upon the active list."
That the House agiee to the twentieth amendment of
the Senate with the following amendment, namely, after
the woid "retired," in the ninth line, insert "except for
c?use."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third and twenty-fouith amendments of the Senate,
and agree to the same.
That the House agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendment?, namely: strike
out, in the third line, the words " acting mididnpmeriin
the fifth line stiike out " passed midshipmen" and insert
"ensigns;" in the fourteenth line, after the word " exam-
inations," insert " tor admission to the same class in the
seventeenth line strike out all after the woid "huge," and
also all the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth lines,and
insert the word " and 5" in the twenty-sixth line strike out
all after the word " service," and all of the twenty-seventh,
twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth lines, down to and includ-
ing the word dtsuiet," and insert " irom and utter the 5ih
of Maich, 1H63, the nomination of candidates for admission
into the Naval Academy shall be made between the 5th of
Match and the 1st of July of each year, upon the recom-
mendation of the Member or Delegate, from actual 1 cedents
of his district, and they shall be examined loi admission in
July: Provided, That when any candidate, who has been
so nominated, shall, upon examination, be found pb>sie<i!fy
or mentally disqualified for admission, the Member or Del-
egate from whose district he was so nominated shall be no-
tified to recommend another candidate, who shall he ex-
amined in September following;" in the tiuttj-fourth line
strike out" Au«u*t" andir^ert "July;" in thethnty-Mxth
and thirty-seventh lines strike out "or acting midship-
men."
That the House recede from then disagieoment to the
twenty-seventh, twenty -eighth, thii tietli, tlm ty-fii'&t, thn ty-
second, and thirty-thud amendments ot the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House agiee to the thuty-fomth amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendments*: in line foity-
five, amendment thirty-tour, strike out "passed midship-
men'5 and irisoi t "en&ignin line fifty-one, strike out "and
acting midshipmen in section—, lines three and tour,
stiike out the words "act above mentioned'' and insert
"law."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and agsee to thesame.^
That the House agioe to the thmy-sixih amendment ot
the Senate with the following amendment: strike out all
after the won! " that" and insert " the relative tank, be-
tween officers of the Navy and Army on the letuud h t
bliali be"the same as on the active lift, and the .mnual pay
of letired naval officers shall be as follows: admit aN. $~,U00;
commodores, $1,800; captains, #1,600; commanders,
SL.400; lieutenant commanders, $1,300; lieutenants,
#1,000; masters, $800: ensigns, $500 ; and no rations 1 hall
