THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i i ,                 j i ,      -         i mi. imii i '
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDING'S OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED 33Y JOHN C. KITES, WASHINGTON,,©.' C. - "
    ■ -      jr.,,, ;■ ;> f t , j; ?
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1862.
New Series.....No. 25.
man from New Hampshire, I wish to suggest an
amendment which is indispensable if he wants to
have his bill executed. There has been for a long
time very stringent laws in force against this liquor
business in the Indian country, for fifty or sixty
years at least, but they have remained practically
a dead letter. They never have been executed,
and my opinion is that the stronger you make the
penalty the less possibility there is of their being
executed. I am willing, however, to vote for the
bill reported by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, provided it is amended in one or two par-
ticulars. I propose to amend the last clause of
the bill so as to provide that it shall be lawful for
any person in the service of the United States, or
any Indian, to take and destroy any ardent spirits
or wine which has been brought into the country
* with the intent to dispose of it to the Indians.
Mr. EDWARDS. I cannot acccpt that amend-
ment. The bill makes it lawful to bring ardent
spirits into the Indian country on the order of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. COX. 1 am informed that miners are in
the habit of taking liquor into the Indian country,
not for the purpose of disposing of it to the In-
dians, but for their own peculiar uses. It is not
the intention of the gentleman, 1 know, to punish
miners for taking liquor for their own use. I will
suggest to him, therefore, that if he wishes to do
justice and make his bill effective, he had better
allow the amendment I have suggested to be
offered.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am willing the amend-
ment should be offered, and will withdraw the
demand for the previous question to enable the
gentleman to propose it.
Mr. COX. i move to amend, m the last clause,
by inserting, after the word " country," the words
" with the intent to dispose of it to the. Indians."
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. I ask the
gentleman from New Hampshire to allow me to
move to postpone the consideration of this bill
until some future day. It is one that addresses
itself to the interests of the people I represent,
coming, as I do, from one of the western Terri-
tories, and I would be glad to have at least an op-
portunity to examine it. I have had no such
opportunity up to this time, and 1 am not aware
that any such opportunity has been afforded to
the Delegate from any Territory. 1 understand
that the bill has not been even printed. If it be
in order, I will move to postpone it.
The SPEAKER. It will Re in order if the
gentleman from New Hampshire yields the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. EDWARDS. I can see no necessity for
a postponement of the bill. 1 prefer to insist on
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand for the previous question for ft
moment?
Mr. EDWARDS. I wilHf the gentleman from
Minnesota will renew it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Washington that this bill has
been petitioned for by the agents and superintend-
ents in nearly all the northern superintendences.
The only difference between this bill and the law
as it now exists is, that it punishes the sale of
liquor outside the boundaiies of an Indian reser-
vation. The parties there who have asked for the
passage of this measure deem it indispensable.
They say they cannot stop the sale of whisky to
the Indians unless this amendment to the trade
and intercourse lawis passed. Thelawasitnow
exists allows the Secretary ofWar to permit liquor
to pass into the Indian country. This bill does
not interfere with that provision. It has been sub-
mitted to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
meets his approval. The only change we propose
is the one I have stated, which is necessary to
prevent the Indians from buying liquor outside
their reservations.
Mr.LOYEJOY. Do I understand that this bill
allows liquor to be taken into the Indian reserva-
tions, under the direction, or by the permission,
of the Secretary ofWar?
25
Mr. ALDRICH. The present law does the
same.
Mr.LOVEJOY. The question then comes back
whether the War Department intends to monop-
olize the liquor business with the Indians, or to
allow free trade. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. In answer to the gentleman's
question, I will state that I have never known the
War Department grant permission to take any
liquor into the Indian country.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why not, then, prohibit it
altogether?
Mr. ALDRICH. I will state that there are
military posts in the Indian country; and it may
become necessary occasionally, for medicinal pur-
poses, to take a little there. [Laughter.]
Mr. WATTS. I ask the gentleman what ob-
jection there is to having this bill postponed until
it can be examined by the Delegates of the Ter-
ritories-to which it applies.
Mr. ALDRICH. So far as I am concerned, I
have no objection; but I am sure when they have
examined it they will find that it is right. It has
been thoroughly examined in the Indian Bureau.
I have no doubt the Delegates will approve it.
Mr. WATTS. As we have the right of ap-
proval, it seems to me we ought to have the right
of examination.
Mr. EDWARDS. Very well; I will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until one week from to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
INTEREST ON STATE ADVANCES.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back certain resolutions
of the House, directing the Military Committee
to inquiie into the expediency of allowing to the
States the interest on theirexpenditures in enlist-
ing and equipping troops, with the recommenda-
tion that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state very briefly
to the House the reason why the committee have
come to the conclusion they have upon this sub-
ject. The outlay of the different States is about
equal, and if we allow this interest they will have
to collect it again by a direct tax. But if this in-
terest is to bo allowed, it had better come inagen-
eral bill upon that subject, which I understand is
in course of preparation, allowing interest after
so many days after the accounting officers of the
Treasury have adjusted the claim, and until the
Government pays it. I move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act. to promote
the efficiency of the dead letter office; when the
Speaker signed the same.
ORDER TO PRINT.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, by unanimous consent, reported a bill to
amend the act to establish a court for the inves-
tigation of claims against the Government of the
United States, approved February 24,1855; which
was recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
cisfty, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 38;
noes 51.
DEBTS DUE EY REBELS, ETC.
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to organize
the United States tribunal, and enforce by court
and martial power the payment of debts and dam-
ages due to loyal American citizens, and the res-
toration of their property and effects in certain
cases arising out of the rebellion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 28,
noes' 54.
CHEATING THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolvet, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are lieieby, instructed to inquire into rind re port to this
House upon tiie expediency of enacting a law making it a
crime punishable by death for any officer or private of tile
Army or Navy of tiie United States, or other military ser-
vice of tiie Government, or on the part of any commissary,
contractor, sutler, or other person or persons in the employ
oftlie United States, to knowingly and willfully cheat and
swindle the Government of the United bt.it.es, or to felon-
iously take and carry away the propelty of tiie same during
the existing rebellion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the construction of
a railroad and telegraph from-the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the special com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad.
TAX UPON BANK NOTES.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of raising revenue
by taxing all bauk notes and other paper issued as a circu-
lating medium.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the
House (at twenty minutes after four o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. J,BTITI0NR AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented four petitions from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that homoeo-
pathic surgeons may bo eligible to at least one
eighth of the surgical appointments in the Army
and Navy; which wore referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I present the
memorial of Benjamin Silliman, Theodore D.
Woolsey, B. Silliman, jr., Elias Loomis, James
D. Dana, and twenty-six others, citizens of New
Haven, m the State of Connecticut, asking Con-
gress to continue the active duties of the Coast
Survey.
The memorial sets forth, in language peculiarly
forcible, the importance of tliis great department
of the public service as a military necessity. It
declares that to abandon it now would be " to
throw away during its active usefulness one of
the national weapons wherewith to fight the re-
bellion."
I concur entirely with these memorialists in
their opinion thus expressed, and I desire, sir,
that the weight of their distinguished names
should be felt upon this important subject. They
are names, many of them, known and honored
throughout the civilized world. All of them are
known and honored in the State where they re-
side; and they express, I am convinced, upon this
subject, the views of ail the loyal citizens of Con-
necticut. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
Monroe county, New York, praying that slavery
may be immediately abolished by congressional
proclamation under the war power; which was
ordered to lie oil the table.
He also presented a petition ofcitizens of Stock-
holm, New York, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
