1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23 &7
again, and the question will again be put, " Shall
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary?"
Mr. WRIGHT. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I made the motion for a ref-
erence believing that that was the natural order
of business; the usual course. If Senators are
against it, I certainly have no desire to press the
motion, and I most cheerfully withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdraw it by unanimous ^nsent. If there be
no objection, the motion will be considered as
withdrawn. The hour of one o'clock having ar-
rived, the special order of the day is now before
the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I renew the motion to refer
that bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
think all bills, especially one of such importance,
should be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
renew the motion to-morrow. The special order
is now before the Senate.
Till! TAX BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, and pay interest on the public debt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Wilsow,] to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate struck out " ten" and inserted
" twenty" cents per pound as the tax upon to-
bacco.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire simply to say
that that is a matter that^ivas very much consid-
ered in committee; and I hope the Senate will not
act without due deliberation on the subject. I will
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion. The
article .of tobacco will make a very important part
of the revenue. If we cannot tax tobacco, we
cannot tax anything else.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish simply to inquire
of my honorable friend whether, if this tax stands
at twenty cents per pound upon tobacco, the pur-
pose is to allow it to stand at fifteen cents per
pound on cigars?
Mr. FESSENDEN. After this motion is dis-
posed of, a motion can be made to raise that from
fifteen to twenty cents, if it is desired. This is
entirely separate from that. If the motion to re-
consider does not succeed, the Senator can move to
raise the other tax from fifteen to twenty cents.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. My object in
making this motion was not by any means to ex-
empt the article of tobacco from taxation, but to
increase the revenue by a just classification. A
very large amount of tobacco is manufactured in
Missouri. A great deal cff the tobacco that is
manufactured in that State is a cheap article; it is
put up at two and two and a half cents per pound;
and if you impose upon ita revenue tax of twenty
cents a pound, the manufacture of that descrip-
tion must cease. By a just and proper classifica-
tion of the articles of manufactured tobacco, a
great deal more revenue can be raised from the
article than there can be by the tax as it now
stands. The first class of tobacco will very well
bcara tax oftwenty cents per pound. Thesecond
class might be rated at fifteen cents, and a third
class at five cents per pound. In that way, a
much larger revenue would bo raised than in the
way proposed by the committee. If that is not
done, the lower grades will go out of the market;
manufacturers will not put up the cheaper article
of tobacco, because it cannot be sold; and there-
fore the effect would be to destroy the business in
that particular. Wedo not desire to exempt these
people from taxation. They are as well and per-
haps better able to pay taxes than any other per-
sons in our State. The object is to raise a larger
amount of revenue from the article of tobacco;
and, for that leason, we have moved this recon-
sideration. We think it can be demonstrated
clearly by gentlemen who understand the process
of manufacturing tobacco and the course of trade
in that article, that,*by a just classification, a gi eat
deal more revenue may be raised from the article
than is proposed by the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. My own impression would
be that this tax ought to be raised still higher
rather than go lower. I have before me a letter,
from which, with the permission of the Senate, I
will read a sentence or two. It touches the point
precisely. It is from a gentleman in New York,
who writes as follows:
" I have for years been conversant with tobacco, and in-
timate with some tobacco merchants, although I do not
own any of the article, but I am quite sure that consumers
will pay twenty, yes forty, cents per pound more for it, if
they cannot get it without j in fact I have noticed parties
buying tobacco, and if shown two pieces of the same iden-
tical article and told,'this is thirty cents per pound, that
forty cents,' they almost invauably took the highest priced;
the consumpr always will do this. Look at the people of
Europe, how high they have to pay, and how much less able
to do so than we are, and yet their consumption of it in-
creases every year. Ten years ago I was clerk for a tobacco
house, and traveled West selling by sample for Ihem. In
Cincinnati the grocers told me that they wanted something
higher priced, (by the price they seemed to judge the qual-
ity,) that 1 bad nothing above thirty cents, and they wanted
an article worth forty cents per pound. I was innocent, and
telegraphed for something higher to be sent to me. I got a
reply saying, i charge thirty-five for so-and-so, thirt3'-seven
and forty for others,' which I did, and made some good sales,
and got a good reception on my return."
Pr. WILSON, of Missouri. That may be all
correct as regards the first class article of tobacco.
That it could bear a tax of twenty cents, and even
a higher rate, I have no doubt; but, as I stated
before, there are various grades of tobacco man-
ufactured in our State, and I presume all over the
Union. The effect of the proposition, as it now
stands, must be to exclude the cheap article from
market altogether, to stop that business, and to
prevent the manufacture of the lower classes of
tobacco. 1 know in Missouri that tobacco in the
leaf for manufacturing purposes has on some oc-
casions been sold as nigh as seventy-five cents a
pound before it was manufactured. Of course it
was of a very superior quality. The large amount,
however, of tobacco manufactured in that State is
bought at from two to two and a half and three
cents a pound. That forms « very large propor-
tion of the trade. Evidently if a tax of twenty
cents a pound is imposed on the lower grades, it
must prevent the manufacture of that description
of tobacco. I desire to raise as large a revenue as
possible from tobacco, because I know the man-
ufacturers are generally very well able to pay; but
I desire a classification to be made that shall pro-
duce the largest amount of revenue, and on that
account I moved the reconsideration.
Mr. POWELL. I have some knowledge about
this tobacco trade, and this bill, as it is arranged
with regard to tobacco, I am confident will not
produce the revenue that its friends think it will.
One of the great difficulties attending the raising
of revenue from tobacco, particularly on manu-
factured tobacco and cigars, is the facility with
which it is smuggled. If you tax cigars and the
common classes of manufactured tobacco, as they
are proposed to be taxed in this bill, I do not be-
lieve you will ever be able to so frame a tariff as
to prevent smuggling to a very large extent. It
is well known now to every gentleman at all ad-
vised of the state of the tobacco trade, that our
exportations of manufactured tobacco and cigars
are comparatively very light. During the year
ending July, 1859, according to the reports on
commerce, we exported neaily sixteen millions
of the leaf; we exported less than four millions of
manufactured tobacco and cigars. The year pre-
vious to that we exported some twenty-one mil-
lions of the leaf and about four millions of manu-
factured tobacco and cigars. We now import
$2,000,000 more of manufactured tobacco and
cigars than we cxpoit. A very large quantity of
the tobacco grown m this country is exported to
Germany, and, indeed, some of it to Cuba, and
there used for the filling of cigars, they using
their wrappers, and then brought back to this
country and sold. Shipping tobacco from this
country to the German States, and bringing it back
in the form of cigars, is a very heavy trade.
I am aware that tobacco should pay a high tax;
it is a luxury; but it should be so graded as to
prevent smuggling, in order to obtain the highest
revenue. Persons who have not looked into this
trade would be struck, on an examination of the
statistics, with the fact that we, the largest tobacco-
growing people on earth, import much more in
cigais and manufactured tobacco than we export.
I know very well that those who areengaged in
the trade of putting up tobacco in this country,
by express contract, put it up in such bales and
packages as to facilitate smuggling in Europe, ana
particularly Great Britain. They put it up in such
packages as to allow them to run it out in small
boats—packages such as a man can put on his
shoulder'and carry inland,- for the purpose of
avoiding the excessive duty. If they cannot pre-
vent it there, certainly, with such an extensive
coast as we have, and with such facilities as would
be presented for smuggling, it would be utterly
impossible for us to prevent it to a very great*ex-"
tent, particularly when the inducements will be so
great. The result, I have no doubt, will be, if these
very excessive duties remain, particularly upon
the lower classes of manufactured tobacco, that the
revenues will be greatly diminished to the Gov-
ernment. It cannot and will not be otherwise.
Why, sir, some of the finest cigars in Cuba are
worth sixty dollars, and some, 1 think, as high
as ninety dollars a thousand. They could be put
in a very light and small box, and all along our
coast, from the Rio Grande to the St. Lawrence,
there will be thousands of facilities for smuggling.
That is the difficulty you will have to encounter.
As the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] very well remarked yesterday, the difference
in this bill against manufactured tobacco, and in
favor of cigars, is much greater than it should be.
I am of the opinion that the cigar trade of the Uni-
ted State^will be ruined if you put too high a duty
upon cigars; because you can make no tariff—1
do not care how high you put it—that will pro-
tect our manufacturers; for the smugglers will
bring in cigars from Cuba and Germany and
other places, and take the market. My impres-
sion is, that the duty should be lowered, and the
tax should be decreased on the lower orders of
manufactured tobacco. If the scales of taxes that
are in the bill are kept on manufactured tobacco,
they certainly should be increased on cigars; but
when you increase them on cigars, you encoun-
ter this other difficulty, that you can make no_
tariff to protect American manufacturers. The'
smugglers, in my judgment, will get the trade.
My impression is, you had better let it stand about
as it is on cigars—it might be regulated, so far as
the quality is concerned, a little—and reduce it
on the lower grades of manufactured tobacco.
From the island of Cuba, we import in cigars
$3,000,000 annually. It is a very heavy trade;
and with all the facilities from that island of smug-
gling along the whole southern as welt as the
northern coast, I assure you they will driye our
manufacturing interest out of the market, in my
judgment.
The State from which I come has not such a
special interest in the finer manufactured tobacco
or cigars. We do not raise a great deal of either
of those varieties of tobacco. The State of Con-
necticut, however, as I understand it, would be
very materially affected; for they grow on the
Connecticut river a very fine article of tobacco.
Virginia and Marylandgrowaverylarge portion
of the manufactured tobacco. Kentucky grows
but comparatively little of it, and comparatively
very little of the cigar leaf. I have been informed
that large quantities of the tobacco grown on the
Connecticut river are used for cigars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not think and the
committee did not think there was any question
about this tax, except so far as it related to one
kind of tobacco—what was called the prepared
smoking tobacco. That was putvery low. Isup-
pose the reason has probably been mentioned by
some Senator. It is cut with the stems in, for
smoking. There is a kind of chewing tobacco
which we call the fine-cut tobacco. In that, all the
stems are taken out and it is cut up fine and sold
for chewing purposes. In outside appearances,
without an examination,it would appear to bethe
same with that which is prepared^ for smoking,
but it is not the same kind, Phe difficulty, as we
are told by persons, is that if you make a distinc-
tion between prepared smoking tobacco and the
fine-cut chewing tobacco, they will sell the fine cut
as prepared smoking tobacco, and there will be no
way of telling the difference. For that reason, as
it presents the same appearance, we thought it
best to put it on the same level and not make the
distinction, because we were satisfied the levenue
would easily be defrauded.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, I will state to him that this pre-
pared smoking tobacco has as many varieties,
from the worst to the very best, as any manufac-
tured. Some of the very best Cuban tobacco of
the very highest flavor is made and prepared for
smoking purposes. While that is so, he is very
