332$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14.
be allowed to any officer of the Navy oil the retired list.
And the pay of all naval officers appointed by virtue of an
act entitled 4 An act to provide for the temporary increase
of the Navy,5 approved July 24,1861,.shall fee the same as
that of officers of a like grade in the regular Navy."
That the Senate recede from their third, fifth, eighth,
twelfth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-fifth, and
twenty-ninth amendment*?, disagreed to by the House.
JOHN P. HALE,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. B. SEDGWICK,
JOHN P. POTTER,
Managers on the fart of the House.
The report was adopted.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which thereport was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, in writing, was received by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
Also, a message announcing that the President
had approved and signed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (PI. R. No. 393) to establish certain
post routes;
An act (II. II. No. 454) for the relief of the
register of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana,
and for other purposes;
An act (li. It. No. 399) Jlo provide for the quiet-
ing of certain land titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory in the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses; and
Joint resolution (II. Jl. No. 98) authorizing the
Secretary of War u> ('urn Mi <>xtra clothing to sick,
wounded, anil other soldiers.
MESSAGE FItOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.Forney, their Secretary,informing the House
that the Senate have agreed to the report-of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 280) to
establish and equalize the grades of line officers
of the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the Senate
have passedauill and joint resolution of the House
of the following titles, wall amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the conc^rrencc of the
House:
An act (No. 561) in relation to commissioned
oflicei-Bof the United States revenue cutter service;
and
Joint resolution (No. 109) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain A.H.Foote, United Status
'Navy.
The message also announced that the Senate
have passed, without amendment, a bill (H. R
No. 4%) to enlarge the Lake Superior land dis-
trict in the State of Michigan.
Tile message further announced that the Senate
have passed hills of the following titles; in which
he was directed to ask the coneurience of the
House:
An act (No. 250) to amend an act entitled " An
act to create a metropolitan police district of the
District of Columbia, and to establish a police
therefor," approved August 6, 1861; and
An act (No. 382) in addition to an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 30, 1852.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKERS TABLE.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to proceed to ousmess
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to
The business on tiie Speaker's table was then
taken up and disposed of, as follows:
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The following resolution from the Senate was
taken up and concurred in:
Resolved, (The House of Representatives concuiring,)
That the President oi the Senate ami tiie Speakei of tlx;
jKuw of Rcprc.-cni.itivr:,-, adjourn their respective Ilonx's
sine (lie on W ednesduy, the IGth of July, instant, at twelve
o'clock, meridian.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved-that the motion to reconsider be
kid on the table.
■The latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Senate bill (No. 250) to amend an act entitled
"An act to create a metropolitan police district of
the District of Columbia, and to establish a police
therefor," approved August 6, 1861, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask that the bill may be put on
its passage. ,
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE.SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed a bill and joint reso- |
lation of the following titles; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 202) requiring the commanders of
American vessels sailing to foreign ports and per-
sons prosecuting claims"to take the oath of alle-
giance ; and
Joint resolution (No. 97) in relation to the law
of prize.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
resolves itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union all general debate upon the
supplemental appropriation bill be closed in five
minutes.
Mr. ItOSCOE CONKLING. I make this point
of order, that until the bill lias been read through
by clauses for amendment, a motion to close de-
bate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
bill has been lead through for information m com-
mittee.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. But not by sec-
tions for amendment.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the bill by sec-
tions, the Chair is informed, had been commenced.
The Chair overrules the question of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for the vote upon my
motion.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object to all limit-
ation of debate.
The SPEAKER. That will bo for the majority
of the House to determine. The question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Com m it tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules weie suspended; and the House
arcoi dmgly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. White,
of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of Houso bill (No. 572) making supple-
mental appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
18G3, and for the year ending June 30, 1862.
The following clause of the bill was read:
For light-house atBdlz Hook, Port Angela liaibor, Wash-
ingion Toidtory, hereby authorized to be established,
$3,000.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order in relation to that paragraph of the bill,
and ask the Clerk to read tiie following rule:
The Clerk read, as follows
vl No appropriation .-hall he reported in such general ap-
propriation bilN, oi be in onler a& an amendment thereto,
for any exprndiMnc not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations tor ?uch public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies f< r eai lying on the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the point is cor-
rect. It is a matter that certainly ought to have
been considered by the Committee on Commerce.
I do not know how it got into this general appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that this is a question over \^hich the committee
has no control. This clause of the bill was re-
ferred by the House to the committee, and the
point must be made in the House, if at all. The
committee cannot determine it.
Mr. P. A". CONKLING. is it for the House
to determine points of order raised in Committee
of the Whole ?
The CHAIRMAN. The House has referred
this clause among others to the committee, and
the committee cannot exclude it upon a question
of order.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. With great respect
to the Chair, it appears to me that the decision is
fatal to a proper consideration of a bill appropri-
ating money for a great variety of purposes, like
the one now before the committee. We are con-
sidering a general appropriation bill, and the lan-
guage of the rule is express on this point. I feel
constrained to appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
practice read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
■< This rule is rigidly enforced so far as relates to amend-
ments offered in the House or in committee, but it notun-
frequently happens that bills are repoited which are in con-
flict with it; and as they are usuallyreceived bytlie IIouso
and committed without being read in extenso, the conflict
is not discovered until they aie in committee, when it is
too late to make the point."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know about the mer-
its of this case. It was reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means and included in this bill, be-
cause it had been referred by the House to that
committee. They have properly reported the
matter back to the House. I do not know partic-
ulaily what are the merits of the appropriation,
and if any gentleman does, I hope that he will
state them to the House.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. Tins is an appropriation
for a new light-house. If I understand the theory
of the rules of the House, the Committee of Ways
and Means has for its duty to report appropria-
tionstocairy outexistinglaws; and heretnatcom-
mittee is initiating new legislation on a subject for-
eign to the purpose for which it was constituted.
Mr. STEVENS. It frequently happens that
subjects are referred by the House to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means not properly within
the jurisdiction of that committee. This matter has
been referred to us, and we have very properly re-
ported on it. As I have already said, I do not
know anything ill regard to the peculiar merits of
this case.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know whether
it was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means in open House, or under the rule; but there
is one thing which I do wish to say. The same
subject was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, but that committee in this, as in all other
cases for the construction of new light-houses,
withheld their recommendation to the House until
they had first consulted with the Light-House
Board. It is very unsafe legislation for us to in-
sert flits provision in this appropriation bill with-
out having had any consultation with that Light-
Mouse Board, which has charge of this whole sub-
ject. We ought not to pass laws for the erection
of these light-houses until we hear what is the
recommendation of the Department which has
been peculiarly intrusted with the organization of
our light-house system. It has not sent us any
information with reference to this particular light-
house, and so far as I am aware the House is not
prepared to legislate on this matter at this time.
I would say to the Delegate from Washington
Territory, who represents the interests of his con-
stituents with so much ability, that the Committee
on Commerce has taken up the subject; that they
Will refer it to the Light-House Boaid; that they
will report a separate bill, and ask that it immedi-
ately be put upon its passage. I hope, however,
that this appropriation will" be stricken out.
Mr. WALLACE,of Washington. I will make
but a single remark in favor of the retention of
this appropriation in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to be permitted
to make a few observations.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not within the prov-
ince of the committee to give unanimous consent.
We are acting under the orders of the House.
The amendment was agreed to
The Clerk read the next paragraph of the bill,
as follows:
To enable the President to cariy out the act of Congress
for the emancipation of the slaves in tiie Districtof Colum-
bia, and to colonize those to be made free by the piobable
