1403
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
you must apply it to nverything else._ Then in-
deed we may be in the condition described by the
gentleman from Indiana. Then everything we
year may be taxed—the bed welay 011, the shroud
in which we are buried, and the tombstone upon
which our epitaphs are written, may be taxed. I
do not understand that to be the principle of the
bill, but when you adopt such a principle you
will have to carry it out.
Mr. HORTON. I wish to say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not place a tax
upon pig metal, not because they wish to save the
iron interest, but because they propose to levy a
duty upon manufactured iron, which proposition
they will offer at the proper time ana place. It
we have omitted any form of manufactured iron,
I will be obliged to any gentleman who will sug-
gest the omission.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Docs the gentleman
consider pig iron manufactured iron?
Mr. HORTON. Pig iron represents only hu-
man labor. There is no machinery about it. It
is the raw material which enters into the produc-
tion of manufactured iron. The amendment that
the committee proposes to submit on the subject
of manufactured iron is as follows:
On railroad iron and aliothei iron advanced beyond slabs,
bloom*, or loops, and not advanced beyond bars or rod*,
and band, hoop, and sheet iron, not thinner than No. 18
wire gauge, and plate iron not le^ than one eighth of an
inch in thickness, one dollar and fifty cents pet ton ; on
band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than No. wiie gauge,
plate iron less than one eighth of an inch in thickness, and
out nails and spikes, two dollar per ton : Provided, That
bars, rods, bands, hoops, sheets, platen, nails and spiko>,
manufactured from iion upon which th<> duty of one dollar
and fifty cents lias been levied and paid, shall be subject
only to a duty of fifty cents per ton m addition thereto, any
thing in tins act to the contraiy notwithstanding. On stoves
and hollow ware, one dollar and filty cents per ton of two
thousand pounds. Steel in ingots, bars, sheets, or wire, not
less than one fourth of an inch in thickness, valued at
seven eeMs per pound or \es*, four dolhus per ton ; valued
at above seven rents per pound, and not above eleven
cents per pound, eight dollars per ton; valued above eleven
cent> per pound, ten dollars pur ton.
I submit to the gentleman from Indiana, that if
lie adds to that a tax of fifty cents upon pig iron,
the consumers of iron in his own State and else-
where will be taxed to their heart's content. But
it is better for them to pay a tax upon the manu-
factured iron rather tlnm upon pig metal. The
tax of fifty cents upon pig metal would amount to
about half a million of dollars. It would be so
much the more into the Treasury of the United
States, and so much the more out of the pockets
of the consumel s of iron. If the gentleman from
Indiana wants to tax his constituents to that ex-
tent, then of course we ought not to object. I
wish the leave of the committee to say one word
now in relation to the tax bill generally.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 move that the
gentleman be permitted to procccd.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I wish to say, in relation to
the tax bill generally, that early in the session,
and along for two or three months, gentlemen
were asking the Committee of Ways and Means
why they did not bring in a tax bill. All sections
of the country demanded a tax bill, gentlemen
saying they would vote for anything we wanted;
that they wanted to vote a tax; that they wanted
to be taxed, and that they demanded a tax. We
replied that we were doing the best we could; and
now every person in the House and every person
in the country is very desirous of being taxed, but
they do not like the form in which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have presented the bill.
Should we continue to go on at the rate we have
been going since this bill was introduced into the
House, it will take us six months to perfect the
bill. We are told that new bills will be brought
in. They will be no more perfect than this one;
and if it takes as long in proportion to perfect three
bills as it requires to perfect this, we will not pass
a tax bill by the time our term of service here ex-
pires, and we will fail to redeem a solemn pledge
made by this House and the Senate, that we would t
raise a certain amount of revenue by internal tax- |1
ation, Therefoie I ask the committee that they lj
will come up to the work of perfecting this bill m l|
serious earnest, and produce a result that will be !i
satisfactoiy to the country, and not devote their ''
time in finding fault, which every one may find,
but for the purpose of perfecting a measure whose
burdens shall bear as equally as possible upon all
the people of the country.
I ask, then, that the committee may go to work,
and if the Committee of Ways and Means have
not worked with a sufficient degree of earnestness
and ability, let their omission be made up by the
ability and earnestness of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. You are as
much bound to earnest action as we were. We
have worked to the extent of our ability, and if
the Committee of the Whole have more ability,
as they no doubt have, I ask them to exert it, not
for the purpose of seeing if they can find some
small fault, some slight defect, and make remarks
which may be considered as criticism upon the
bill, but for the purpose of perfecting a bill which
I assure gentlemen it was no slight task to con-
struct.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Ohio a practical question.
It is this, whether the bill which is now before the
committee, in its substantial features and prin-
ciples, with such modifications of form as the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
may suggest, is the bill which the Committee of
Ways and Means finally mean to put to vote in
the House?
Mr. HORTON. I will answer the question of
the gentleman with the utmost candor and readi-
ness. So far as I know and believe, there is no
purpose whatever entertained by the Committee
of Ways and Means, or any member of it, to
offer any other bill. There never has been any-
such idea entertained by the committee; and if
any person supposes that there has been, it is an
imputation—unconsciously, no doubt—upon the
good faith of the committee. We have acted with
good faith and earnestness; and if this bill does
not pass the House, there will be no bill, so far as
I know, brought forward by the Committee of
Ways and Means; for they have not the time;
and if they had, they do not wish to do so.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hug leave
to say that I asked the question for the purpose of
relieving ourselves from the common rumor which
prevails that another bill will be offered by the
Committee of Ways and Means in lieu of this
bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. N013LE. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting the following:
Also, upon eveiy ton of coal winch may be mined and
sold, twenty cents.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts whether
that is in order as an amendment to the amend-
ment. An amendment must be germane to the
pending proposition. It may be entertained as an
independent proposition after this amendment is
disposed of.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Law; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I now move the amendment
which I withdrew temporarily. It is to strike out
the following words:
On caudle*, made wholly or in part of tallow oi lard,
and valued at not above twelve cent* porpound, five mills
per pound; when valued at above twelve cent* per pound,
and on wholly oi in part spermaceti, pataflino. refined
steaiiue and adamantine candles, one cent per pound.
And inseit the following:
On candles, of whatevrr matenal made, when valued not
above fit teen cents per pound, five nulls pei pound ; when
valued above fifteen cents per pound and not above twen-
ty-live cent* per pound, one cent pel pound; and when
valtu-d above twenty-five cents per pound, one and a halt
cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I offer the following new para-
graph, to come in directly after the paragraph
just adopted:
On anthracite coal, twenty-five cents per ton; on bitu-
minous coal one halt of one cent per bushel.
I offer this amendment merely for the purpose
of having a very wealthy class of producers pay
an equal proportion of this tax. The coal pro-
ducers of the country are among the most wealthy
men we have. Unless this aiticle is taxed the
same as other productions, they escape entirely;
and I have offered the amendment for the purpose
of compelling them to pay their proportion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio. The
remaiks made by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] in relation to pig metal, apply
with equal force to the production of anthracite
and bituminous coal. I invite the attention of the I
committee to the consideration of a few facts which
I shall submit in the brief period allotted for de-
bate. The annual production of anthracite coal
in the country reaches seven millions of tons, if it
does not exceed that amount. I speak without
the statistics before me, but believe that to be
about the annual production. One of the counties
which I have the honor to represent (Schuylkill)
has produced one half that amount, and now it
will not fall much short of that amount. The
average cost of production of a ton of coal is about
one dollar and sixty-one cents. This will include
cost of mining, wear and tear of machinery, oil,
and powder, coal rent, and transportation on
lateral roads.
Gentlemen may inquire, if coal is worth so lit-
tle per ton at the mines, why is the piice so largely
enhanced in the cities of the East and West? It
is on account of the cost of transportation by rail
and water. Our transportation companies and
coal brokers pocket the profits, while the operator
and the miner hardly realize enough, particularly
of late years, to keep soul and body together.
My people have lost money for the last three
years in this rather unfortunate business, or have
not realized on an average one cent per ton profit.
If coal is high, it is owing entirely to the cost of
transportation. It costs $1 37 a ton to carry a ton
of coal from Mount Caibon in my district to Port
Richmond near Philadelphia, and" so on in greater
or less proportion to the towns and cities of the
Atlantic coast.
The coal lands of Pennsylvania are worth very
little for agricultural purposes, yet they are as-
sessed at a very high rate in view of taxation.
Every dollar of tax laid upon coal land is a direct
tax upon coal itself, for the lands are only valua-
ble on account of the coal they contain. Land-
lords who pay high taxes increase the rents upon
the coal, and the rent is necessarily added to the
cost of production. The lands pay an enormous
tax for State, county, school, and road purposes,
and the direct tax laid by Congress last session,
and again contemplated at this, was and will be
a direct tax upon coal, It is the same as if you in
the East and in the West, in addition to paying
the direct tax which rests upon your farms,should
have a tax placed upon your wheat, corn, rye,
and your hemp and barley, for they are all ob-
tained from the soil. We pay the direct tax of last
session, and you pay the direct tax upon lands in
all sections of the country; but your wheat, your
coin, and your ilax is not taxed in addition, as
you propose to tax our coal.
Again: this contemplated tax willnotbear upon
us alone, but it will bear upon the consumer of
every article in which coal is used in the manu-
factuie of as fuel. If you place a tax of twenty-
five cents per ton upon anthracite coal, that amount
will be added to the price of the manufactured
article; for the manufacturer, having to pay that
sum in addition to the duty he has to pay under
this bill for the privilege of manufacturing any
given article, will add the additional price of fuel
to the cost of the article. Whether the manufac-
tured article be of cotton, wool, hemp, iron, cop-
per, or lead, he must pay twenty-live cents per
ton for the fuel which is used in its manufacture,
and lie will protect himself by adding that sum to
the price. Now, I submit to this committee
whether it is fair to tax the manufacturer upon
any article he manufactures, and then add a tax
of twenty-fivecentsatonuponhisfuel; orwhether
our New England and western friends desire to
pay more for fuel, whether used in their manu-
facturing districts or for domestic purposes? It
is for them to consider this question well; for, in
my judgment, they will have to pay the tax. Coal
is one of the articles included in the schedule of
the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain; and the
coal from the British provinces, from the mines
of Pictou, comes in free of duty, and is used as
low down the coast as New York and Philadel-
phia. Some three or four hundred thousand tons
come in annually free of duty. This tax of twen-
ty-five cents per ton on coal will have one of two
effects: it will either add that much to the cost of
fuel in the manufacturing districts of New Eng-
land and of the "West, or it will close our mines
and give the whole coal trade to the British prov-
inces. I suomit that that would be unjust and
unfair to the domestic interests of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend the amend-
