1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
WITNESSES BEFORE COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 161) to
promote the administration of justice; which was
read twice by us title.
Mr. WADE. 1 ask that the bill be considered
at once. Let it be lead at length for information,
and then I think every one will see the propriety
of it.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal so
much of the second section of the act of January
24, 1857, as provides that no person examined
before either House of Congress, or a committee
of either House, shall be held to answer criminally
in any court of justice, or be subject to any pen-
alty or forfui ture for any fact or act touching which
he shall be required to testify.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is, will the Senate consider the bill at this time?
Mr. KING. I think it had better go to the
Judiciary Committee, unless then: is strong rea-
son for immediate action.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to hear a state-
ment from the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. It is very easy to give it, I wish
that those gentlemen who are so scrupulous about
passing bills without due consideration would at-
tend to such bills as do come before them. A law
was passed a few years ago exculpating evc*y
witness called before any one of our committees
from the effect of any crime he had committed,
provided a committee had examined him upon
that subject. It was got up by those who wanted
to screen Floyd, Thompson & Co., and it did
screen them, indictments were found against
some of them, but the Attorney General, on look-
ing at your law, was compelled to quash the in-
dictments and let them go. 1 am on a committee
that are examining witnesses, and I do not want
to examine them so as to give them perfect immu-
nity for anything in regard to which they may be
examined. This bill lepeals that poition of the
existing law which affords such immunity; it is
recited verbatim m this bill. The law was got up
under color of giving immunity to a witness from
the testimony that he might give. The idea was
that he should not be permitted to claim the old
common law privilege, that if his testimony would
tend to criminate him he need not testify; and the
object was to give committees the authority to
examine him under those circumstances, and that
his testimony should not be given in evidence
against him in any other court; but the law not
only did that, but went so far as to exculpate him
from any crime he had committed, provided the
committee saw fit to examine him on that sub-
ject. For this reason the courts could not touch
Floyd orThompsonat all. They were examined
before committees touching the questions in re-
gard to which the indictments were afterwards
found. Now, I want to repeal that befoie I go
much further in our examinations: but if any-
body here thinks it ought not to be repealed, or
if the Judiciary CommiUee want time to examine
and deliberate over it, let them do so.
Mr. KING. The object of examining bills in
committee is to see that they do accomplish the
puipose that is pioposul in them; and if the bill
to which the Senator alludes had been thus ex-
amined by a fair committee, no such construction
could ever have been given to such a law as he
now imputes to the one passed hero a few years
ago; because tlie comnnttec would have/ramcd
the bill so as to leave no room for such a construc-
tion. The objcct of this examination is to see
whether the Senator, in the statement which he
has made, is precisely accurate. 1 know the skill
and capacity of the Senator, and have gieatcon-
fidence m his statement and in lus judgment; but
I do not like to see bills passed without being
printed, without our having an opportunity even
to know with much piecision what they aie; be-
cause we cannot, on hearing them lead fioni the
Clerk's desk, thus suddenly understand them very
well. One of the objects of having throe readings
of a bill, and having committees to consider it is,
that it may be deliberately examined to see that
there is an c\ll to be rnnedied, and that the bill
accomplishes the purpose. That was my object.
Certainly, the purpose stated by the Senator from
Ohio is one that everybody assents to readily, but
the object of an examination is to see whether this
is real'ly so, and whether this bill accomplishes
the object. A day's delay is of very little conse-
quence to the Senator. On his statement, I desire
no such law to exist as he alleges to exist; and I
think it very strange that such a one should ever
have got upon the-statute-book.
Mr. WADE. It is very strange.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York object to the consideration of the
bill?
Mr. KING. I do not want to interpose 
Mr. WADE. I am not particular aboutitnow.
1 want to examine some witnesses; but that can
be postponed. The law that I desire to repeal is
copied verbatim in this bill, so that every one can
sec what it is. If Senators think it prudent to let
it stand as it is, be it so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
House of Representatives has passed a bill on this
very subjcct and sent it to the S< uate. If so, we
i shall reach the objcct of the Senator from Ohio
soonest by passing the House bill.
Mr. KING. Let us take up that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am told that it has been
referred; I have not seen it. I am told that the
House bill accomplishes the very object the Sen-
ator from Ohio desires; and if so, the quickest way
will be to act on their bill and let this bill lie over
until to-morrow; in the mean time, we can hunt
up the House bill.
Mr. WADE. If there is any such bill, I do not
want to pass a new one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am informed that there
is such a bill, and that it has been referred.
Mr. HALE. I move that this Dill he referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
RULES AXD ARTICLES OF WAR.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up the bill
which I reported the other day to amend the rules
and articles of wa^\ I desire to have it considered
at this time I think there can be no opposition
to it.
Tiie motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
152) to amend the fifty-fifth article of the first sec-
tion of the act of 10th April, 1306, and the second
section of the same act, was consider d as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to so amend the
articles of war as to provide that whoever belong-
ing to the armies of the United States in foreign
parts, or at any place within the United States or
their Territones, during rebellion against the su-
preme authority of the United States, shall force
a safe-guard, shall suffer death, and that in time of
war or rebellion against the supreme authority of
the United States, all persons who shall be found
lurking or acting as spits m or about the fortifi-
cations, encampments, posts, quarters, or hcad-
quaiters of the armiesofthe United States, or any
of them, shall sutler death b\ sentence ofageneial
court-maitial.
Mr. HALE. I generally like to understand
what I vote for; and I wish the chairman of the
Committee on Militnry Affairs to explain what
"forcing a safe-guard" means. I do not know;
I have not the slightest idea of it in the world. I
do not want to put a man to death for a thing 1
do not know anything about.
Mr. WILSON. '• Forcing a safe-guard" is a
military phrase, and tin: S« nator will find it pre-
cisely d« lined in Scott's Dictionary of Mtlnary
Phrases. A safe-guard is an army guaid; that
is the sum and substance of it. The law now
provides that u whoever belnngine; to the nimir-s
of the United States, m foreign pail*, shall force
a safe-guard shall suffer death." Wi aie now
engaged in a contest with n-belhon; and this bill
proposes to apply in the rebellious territory the
same rule, as though the Army was fighting m
Mexico or Canada.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is " forcing asafe-
guai d r"
Mr. WILSON. A safe-guard is a guard of the
Army, and forcing it is going through it \ ioh-ntly.
Then the second section as it now stands, is:
'►That in time of vi at all persunsnotciti/en<5nf<vo\vtnu
allegiance to the United State* of Ammea, who -hall bt>
toumi linking; a^ ^pies w <">1 about the Jollification?, t n-
cainpiuent^, ot qiiatttMS of the armic-> ot tin'United Stut<'?,
oi anv v>t them, s-ltalJ j-uifVi death nceoahntf to the hnv and
of nations, bv Hie sentence ot' a g"netal couit-mai-
ual."
This bill applies this section to the rebellious
portion of our own country. If men in arms
against the country arc found lurking about as
spies, this bill proposes to put them on the same '
footing- as though they were foreign enemies. If
it ever be needed, it is needed now; and it is a
simple question whether you will apply in the
rebellious portion of the United States the same
laws that you apply in a foreign land towards
persons who arc not citizens of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest objection
to the bill as it is explained, and think it ought to
be passed; but I do not like the introduction of
technical phraseology which has not a irfeaning
of itself in the statute.
Mr. WILSON. It is there now.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that it is in
the statute now. It is in the Army regulations.
Mr. WILSON. It is in the articles of war, and
they are contained in a statute. Thisistoamend
the act of Congress prescribing the articles of war..
Mr. CLARK. Read the fifty-fifth article.
Mr. WILSON. I will:
Whoever belonging to the armies of the United States
in foicign parts shall force a &afc-giuid shall suffer death."
All the change is in the insertion of the words:
Or at any place within tho United State? or their Terri
tones dnnnji rebellion-agamstthe supreme authority of tho
United Statcb.
It only applies, with all the checks and guards
in the piesent articles of war, this rule in the re-
bellious States, as if the Army was in Canada or
Mexico. It is right, and it ought to pass, if we
are going to carry on this war.
Mr. PEARCE. If I recollcct the bill aright,
there are modifications beyond the original law in
the second scction, and a change of language. The
second section provides a punishment against per-
sons lurking or acting as spies in and about the
forts, encampments,posts, quarters, or headquar-
teis of the Aimy. The original law applied only
to persons lurking as spies about the fortifications,
encampments, and quarters. The change of lan-
guage, the Senate will perceive, makes some differ-
ence. This bill says " lurking or acting as spies;"
so that if a person is found lurking, whether act-
ing as a spy or not, he is liable to death. I prefer
that the Senate should adopt the language of the
law, " lurkmgasspies," because I think the death
penalty ought to be applied only to an extreme
case of violation of law and duty. Under this
language, "lurking or acting as spies," lurking
without any intent to be a spy makes a man liable
to death. If the Senator from Massachusetts will
look at the original law, he will find the words are
" lurking as spies." Then the words " stations,
quarters, and headquarters of the Army," are not
in the original law.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to make
the change of language suggested by him, I have
no objection . As the law now stands it is, that
" in time of war all persons not citizens of or owing
allegiance to the United States of America, who
shall be found lurking as spies in or about:55 this
bill says, " lurkmg or acting as spies."
Mi. COLLAMER,. Read the whole sentence.
Mr. WILSON. I will read it as we propose to
amend it:
That in time o{ war of rebellion against the supreme
authoistv of the United .State?, all peisons who blml! be
found In'jKing oi acting as <-pies in or about the fortiflea-
uonv. encampment*, post^, quarter, or headquarter ofthe
ainuus of the Unifci States, or any of them, shall sufiei
death by sonteneu ol agcueial court-maitial."
We recognize these persons as citizens of the
United States, and honce we have no power to
punish a South Carolinian for lurking around our
camps as a spy, while w<- have a right to punish
an Englishman. This bill applies to all persons
hostile"to the Government; andif we are going to
cany on the war, we need the change.
Mr. PEARCE. The amendment which I sug-
gest is, that the words'' lurking or acting as spies"
be modified so as to read st lurking as spies."
Mr. WILSON. I am perfectly willing to make
that change. It seems to me, however, that it
strengthens the law rather than otherwise. The
law was intended to cover the case, but to be as
humane as possible.
Mr. HARRIS. I would suggest this alteration
of phraseology, " lurking as spies, or acting as
such."
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. 1'ESSEisDEN. I am not exactly satisfied
about the first provision of the bill, though I have
no doubt as to this one. It strikes me that as ap-
plicable to the militia, who arc not so well drilled
as soldiers, it might be rather severe. As I
