888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
understand it.ifasoldierwas intoxicated,and,un-
der thofce circumstances, should run by the guard,
he would be liable to suffer death. I think it can
hardly be necessary to inflict so severe a penalty
in ail cases; but the bill is general in its terms, and
it seems to me that under it any officer or Soldier
■who, under any circumstances, should run by a
guard, would be liable to the death penalty. Is
that the meaning of it ?
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator pre-
cisely the meaning. By existing laws, " whoever,
belonging to the armies of the United States in
foreign parts, shall force a safe-guard, shall suffer
death." Now, the object is to make this provision
apply as well in the States and Territories of the
Union in which rebellion exists as if the Army
■were in a foreign country
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York propose as an amendment the
proposition suggested by him?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I prefer to have the bill
laid over for consideration. I am hardly prepared
to go to the length of this alteration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until to-morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 150) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30thJune,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending 30th June, 1862.
The bill was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to lay before the Senate the special order of the
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X move that the special
order be postponed, in order to continue the con
sideration of this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Maine
will couple with that a motion to postpone the
special order to some given time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that. Let it be postponed until this Liill is dis
posed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing that it should lie
postponed to the latter part of tile week if Sena-
tors desire it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of eutin
indifference to me. I merely want this bill con-
sidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair may
be allowed to make a suggestion, the special order
to which the Senator from Iowa refers is not the
special order which the Chair called up. There
ore two special outers for to-day—one a question
of privilege, and the othei relating to the estab-
lishment of an armory at Rock Island. The
question of"privilege is fust m order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope we shall dispose
of the bill now before us.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have no objection to going
through with the bill now before the Senate; but
1 suppose when it shall be disposed of, there will
be no objection to taking up the privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. Let the special
order bo postponed by general consont.
Th« VICE PRESIDENT. It will be under-
stood as the general consent of the Senate that
the first special order shall be postponed until
this bill is disposed of, if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none. The Secretary will read
the amendments reported from the Committee on
Finance to the bill.
The first amendment reported by the committee
was to insert, alter line twenty-five m the fiist
section, the following:
For compensation to an interpreter to the consulate at
Kiiii.i'-i.'uvn, -S'i .cm.
The amendment was airreed to.
The ljfxt umendmi'iit of the committee was in
line thirty of the same section, to strike out
" uifhty," and instrt " one hundred;" so that the
clause will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse, §100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line fifty-four of the same section, in the clause
making an appropriation for salaries of consuls
general, to strike out the word " Simoda."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have directed me to move as a further
amendment to that clause to insert, after the word
" Frankfort-on-the-Main," in the fifty-fourth and
fifty-fifth lines, the word " Florence."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line seventy-six of the same clause, making an
appropriation for the salaries of consuls, to strike
out the letter " a" in Tahita, and insert " i;" so
that it will read " Tahiti."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line seventy-eight, of the same clause, making an
appropriation for the salaries of consuls, to insert,
after the words "St. John,New Brunswick,"the
words, "Pictou, Nova Scotia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty of the same clause, to change the word
" Vendie" to " Vendee."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-one of the same clause, to strike out
the words " St. Marc."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-two of the same clause, to strike out
the words " Hayti and Liberia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-three of the same clause, to strike out
the word "Toronto," and insert "Taranto."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same line of the same clause, to strike out the
word " Bilboa," and insert " Bilbao."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to have an amend-
ment made in line eighty-two. I wish to insert,
after " Valencia," the words " Port Mahon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-four of the same clause, to strike out
the word " and," between the words " Scio" and
" Paramaribo."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-four, of the same clause, after the word
" Paramaribo," to insert the words:
Macao, Stockholm, Aneona, Otranto, Swatow, La Pax,
Bergen, Tiuudad, Barcelona, Quebec, Mancaibo, Algiers,
Port au Prince, San Domingo, (city,) Monrovia, Capo Hay-
tien,and Aux Cayes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighty-eight, of the clause making appropria-
tions for the salaries of commercial agents, to strike
out the works " Port au Prince, San Domingo,
(city)."
Mr. HALE. What is the use of striking that
out?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have an ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators will notice that
in a previous part of the bill the House had in-
serted the words " Hayti and Liberia." The'com-
mittee struck them out for the simple reason that
it is not customary to send consuls to a country.
We send them to a particular port or place, in
order to accomplish the object, as we had a com-
mercial agent at Hayti, and also at Liberia, the
committee have simply stricken out " Hayti and
Liberia," and changed the character of the agen-
cies from commercial agencies to consulships.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. COLLAMER. You have made them con-
suls ?
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agiced to.
The next amendment of tlw eommitt"e was in
line eighty-nine of the same clause, making ap-
propriations for the salaries of commercial agents,
to strike out the words " Monrovia" and " Cape
Haytien."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert after line eighty-nine of the same clause,
the words " St. Marc."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line ninety of the same clause, to strike out the
words " Aux Cayes" and insert " Curajoa."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next amendment of
the committee, changing the sum, I think may as
well be passed over until a new amendment has
been made below in the next amendment, which
I move by order of the committee, because the
amount there would be made different by the ac-
tion of the Senate. I move in line ninety-nine,
after the word " sixty," to insert:
And the salary of the consul general at Florence shall be
000, to commence on thelst day ot January, Ifcfe.; ana
theconsui at PoitMahon shall receive a salary of $1,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose that as an amendment to the amendment
reported by the committee
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the whole amendment
as amended now be read.
The Secretary read it; to insert after line ninety-
tvto the following:
And the salary of the consul at Bremen shall be $3,000,
to commence on the 1st day of January, 1862; and the con-
sul at Pictou, Nova Scotia, shall receive a salary ot $1,500,
to commence on the 1st day of January, 1862; and the sal-
aiy of the consul at Swatow shall be $3,800, to commence
Oil the 21st day of September, 1860 ; and the salaiy of the
consul general at Florence shall be $1,000, to commence on
the 1st day of January, 1862: and the consul at PoitMahon
shall receive a salary of $1,500: Provided, That all consu-
lar officers whose respective salaries exceed $1,000 per an-
num shall be subject to the provisions of the fifth section
of the act to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States, approved August 18, 1856; and their
respective consulStes shall be included in schedule B of the
list of salaried consulates.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, I did not agree to this amend-
ment, and will now briefly state my reasons for
disagreeing. I know it is idle to attempt to pre-
vent this class of legislation on appropriation bills.
It has been the custom of the Senate for many
years, and probably the Senate will not change
that custom; but it seems to me the practice is a
vicious one, and-while I am a member of this body
I shall opp.ose it, unless the reasons for that legis-
lation are very strong indeed. The Senate may
as well understand that this consular bill largely
increases the consular expenses of the Govern-
ment; but that is made necessary, to some extent,
by a law, passed at the last session of Congress
without much reflection, givingan unlimited power
to the Secretary of State to increase the number of
consuls, and to change the compensation of con-
suls up to $1,500. That power has been very lib-
erally exercised, so that our consular and diplo-
matic expenses have largely increased. That may
have been necessary to some extent. It seems to
me, however, it has gone much further than there
was any occasion for.
This class of legislation is always objectionable.
It ought to come properly from the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate, and not from the Com-
mittee on Finance. The Committee on Finance
has no intercourse oidinanly with the Secretary
of State. Amendments of this kind arc proposed
and are ingrafted on appropriation bills without
reflection. I doubt very much now whether the
numerous amendments made to this appropriation
bill have attracted the attention of the Senate. I
shall now, and hereafter always, vote againstany
propositions to add legislation to an appropriation
bill. As a member of the House, I know it was
the most embarrassing form of legislation. A great
mass of amendments, largely increasing your ex-
penditures, and changing the existing laws, came
as amendments to the appropriation bills, and con-
stantly created embarrassment and delay, ana
were the cause of nearly all the troubles and diffi-
culties that existed between the two Houscs of
Congicss. it serins to uie u would be wise now
for the Senate lo abandon this system <>> legisla-
tion, although 1 seaict-Iy hope to accomplish that
""Mr! FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the com-
mittee lieaid this objection of the Senator from
Ohio while these matters were under oon3idera-
