33S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
connected with some newspaper, the Scientific
American,! believe, did make a proposition to the
Commissioner to go into a sort of partnership and
furnish these ten copies if he could have the en-
gravings. I believe the department declined to
moke the contract.
Mr. FRANK. If I correctly understand this
Question, it is this: under the former rules of the
Patent Office a written reco'rd of all patents was
kept. A gentleman of respectability and pesi-
tion,long connected with the business of patents,
deemed it much better for all concerned to substi-
tute a -printed record, and suggested the idea to the
different Commissioners forseveral years past. It
was thought to be much more simple and better in
every respect. He proposed to print and furnish
the Government ten copies of each patent for the
amount formerly paid by them for writing out two
copies. The profit from the sale of extra copies
to parties who might desire them was to pay him
for expense and trouble. The Department, in
place of accepting this proposition, went on and
incurred the large expense for which we are now
asked to appropriate $50,000, when the necessary
copies could have been furnished withoutexpense,
save that formerly incurred for writing out two
copies.
I am not aware that the gentleman was con-
nected with the Scientific American. It matters
not if he was, as it ia one of the most respectable
and useful papers in the world.
Mr. WALTON. I think my friend.from Now
York is mistaken in saying- that that gentleman
had 110 connection with any newspaper.
Mr. PRANK. I never understood thegentle-
man to be connected with a newspaper.
Mr. WALTON. I have seen that gentleman's
statement of the case, and I understand that the
gentleman was connected with the press, as I have
named. The gentleman is mistaken in the idea
that this work lias been done at our expense. It
has been nearly all paid for out of the funds of the
office. I do not justify the contract, but inasmuch
as, by our putting this power in the hands of the
Commissioner, this deficiency has been created, I
shall vote for the appropriation. I will further say
that (he work was stopped last November, and
none has been done since.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 wish to ask a single ques-
tion. I wish to know whether these officers have
exceeded the powers conferred upon them?
Mr. WALTON. This is not an appropriation
to carry out that contract at all. A contract was
made by the Secretary of the Interior with Mr.
Gideon to do this work, and the work has been
paid for, as I understand it, except a small bal-
ance, which stands over as a deficiency, but that
is not what we are paying for now.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to explain the reason
why the Commissioner of Putents has exceeded
his authority. We have received as exchanges
from England and Prance very splendid works
of the same character, and it was almost a matter
of national courtesy that we should as speedily
as possible send them specimens of our work.
But in further answer, 1 wish to make this re-
mark, that when the last Congress passed the act
whiah h s been referred to, we had no doubt but
that all these expenses would bo covered by the
receipts of the office, and they would have been
far more than covered by the receipts of the office
had it not been for the paralysis of the business of
the office consequent upon the war. Times like
these are notfavorable for the sale of patent rights.
One of the largest and most profitable fields for
the sale of" patent rights has been taken from our
possession, to wit, the southern States. That is
the reason why the Patent Office asks the Gov-
ernment to make up this deficiency. The Gov-
ernment would not have been called upon to do it
but for the reason which I have stated.
Mr. Piiank's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. FRANK. I move, as a ^amendment to the
amendment, to strike out thel&hole clause with
(he exception of the last word. 1 do it for the pur-
pose of making a few remarks in reply to the gen-
tleman from Indiana and the gentleman from Ver-
mont. I wasaraemberofthe Committeeon Patents
of the lastCongress.and remember very well when
this matter now under consideration was before
us. The gentlemen only differ with me in this:
they think that, as the money has been expended,
it ought to be repaid to the Department. If the
House sees fit to do so, well and good. I only
state the facts. I say that this large expenditure
was entirely unnecessary, and that a responsible
party offered to do the work without such large
expense to the Government. If, in view of this
fact, the Hoqpe chooses to vote this $50,000, very
well. The gentleman from Vermont says himself
he do^s not justify the contract, bu^ as the defi-
ciency has been created, he will vote for it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
if that responsible party is not a patent agent?
Mr. FRANK. I do not know that he is; but
I do know that lie has given the subject of patents
great attention for many years, and was at one
time connected with the Patent Office.
Mr. MAYNARD. And I would ask the gen-
tleman if he approves of the Department entering
into that sort of arrangement with any patent
agent?
Mr. PRANK. Certainly, with a proper ar-
rangement as proposed bythe gentleman making
the offer. 1 have no hesitation in stating that the
gentleman is Mr. Greenhough.
Mr. DUNN. Would the gentleman think it
proper that these specifications, belonging to the
archives of the Patent Office, should be handed
out to a printer, to be used a,s copy fiom which
to print, and that then this patent agent, for such
he is, and a very respectable gentleman, should
make a profit by sending out copies all over the
country ?
Mr. FRANK. It was notintendedto take the
manuscript from theoffice. It was to remain there,
under the supervision of a proper officer, during
the time the work of setting the type was going
on; then to be stereotyped and printed.
In reply to the last part of the gentleman's ques-
tion, I would say that copies of patents can now
be obtained from the Patent Office—the only dif-
ference being that they are written, where Mr.
Greenhough proposed to fdrnish them printed.
I have stated the facts simply, and leave the
House to decide. I withdraw the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion; and there were—ayes 25, noes 51; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as no quorum has
voted, I suggest that it be the understanding that
there shall be a separate vote in the House on this
clause.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I cannot agree to
anything of the kind. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Thomas,of
Massachusetts, and Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
T-ayes 39, noes 54.
So Mr. Holman's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move to strike out
the following clause:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for rent of
Buiveyor general's office in California, fuel, books, sta-
tionery, and pay of messenger, $2,000.
Mr. LOW. I would like to ask the gentleman
from New York if he can assign any reason for
striking out that clause.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. My reason is a gen-
eral one. There has been a certain amount of
money appropriated by law for defraying the ex-
penses of the office of the surveyor general of Cal-
ifornia, and that officer had no right whatever to
incur an expenditure to the amount of one dollar
beyond the amount so appropriated. The case is
essentially the same as that which has just been
passed upon by the committee. In that case an
officer has seen fit, without any authority of law—
indeed I may say in violation of law—to incur
an expenditure ofupwards of $50,000 for printing,
and this House has been called upon to pay it. 1
voted against that appropriation. I voted against
it because the officer in question had no right to
incur the expenditure, and because, in addition to
that, the remarks of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Frank] led me to suppose that the transac-
tion was nothing shortofaswindle. I have already
stated that my objection to this appropriation now
under consideration is a general one. The amount
which the surveyor general of California was au-
thorized to expend was fixed by law, and^unless
it shall be shown that the expenditure of an addi-
tional sum was absolutely necessary m order to
carry on the office, I think it is the duty of the
House to vote against the appropriation.
Mr. LOW. "lhis appropriation is reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means for expend-
itures incurred in pursuance of law. The appro-
priation is in pursuance of an act of Congress, and
is necessary. I hope the committee will not strike
it out.
Mr. DUNN. I move to increase the appropri-
ation one dollar. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. P. A. Conkling,] in discussing this clause,
has thought proper to refer to the action of the
House on the preceding appropriation of $50,000
as a swindle. Now, sir, I do not think it is proper
that a member should rise here and speak to the
nation in that kind of language, unless he is pre-
pared to sustain his declaration. If there be any
swindling in that matter, I call upon the gentle-
man to produce the proofs, and not to do injustice
to a department of the Government by general and
sweeping charges of swindling. Gentlemen are
too ready to make such charges. I do not wish
to make any comments upon the conduct of the
gentleman from New York here, but I wish to
call the attention of the House to the great injus-
tice done by these general charges, stnd to say to
the gentleman that 1 defy him to the proof that his
charge or insinuation is true. I now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. P. A. Conkling's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WATTS. I offer the following as an
additional section:
That the auin of $20,000 be, ami the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to make treaties with .
the Navajoe, Apacii6, and Utah Indians of New Mexico,
defining their limits.
I wish to say a word to the House in explana-
tion of this amendment, and I do not think that,
after the explanation is made, the amendment will
be opposed by a single member on this floor. A
bill was introduced by me for this purpose, and
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The committee reported it back, at the request ot
the Interior Department, unanimously recom-
mending its passage. An estimate of $30,000 was
made by the Interior Department, and furnished
to the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate.
Thatcommittee investigated the matter,and agreed
to recommend an appropriation of $20,000 in the
Indian appropriation bill. When that bill was up
in tins House, I was unable to get the floor to offer
an amendment for that purpose, and the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means suggested
thattheconference committee would attend to the
matter. It was presented to the conference com-
mittee, and unanimously agreed to; but on account
of some rule of order, this amendment, with oth-
ers, was stricken out, and 1 have had no opportu-
nity until the present of bringing it before the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken about that amendment being stricken out in
the House.
Mr. WATTS. It was agreed to in committee
of conference, but the report of thatcommittee was
not agreed to by the Senate on account of some
question of order, and in that way the appropri-
tion failed. With forty-one thousand Indians in
New Mexico, we have not had for sixteen years
a single treaty defining the limits of Indian pos-
sessions. Treaties were made for that purpose in
1854, but were not ratified by the Senate. The
Indian intercourse act must be a dead letter there,
becauso there are no boundaries within which it
could be applicable. How can a violation of the
Indian intercourse act be prosecuted when there
are no limits or boundaries by which to determine
what belongs to the Indians and what to the peo-
ple? This measure is uigently recommended by
the Indian department, was agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and by the Committee
of Ways and Means. I do not think it necessary
to say another word about it. 1 hope the afneai-
ments will be unanimously agreed to.1
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I raise the question
of order, that the amendment is not in order; and
I refer to the 120th rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general appro-
'! piiation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, for
cj any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
:j Mr. WATTS. This is not for any expendi-
!| ture not previously authorized by law.
|l Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That is the reason
!| why it is not in order.
;i Mr. WATTS. But it is for an expenditure to
