1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
that allegation might be correct. But does it fol-
lowundeuhisproposition? Why gentlemen have
themselves answered that argument, by saying
that the principal ingredient in the price of coal
is the cost of transportation. Then I say, that
the imposition of a tax of twenty-five cents per
ton on coal would not add anything to the cost of
transportation. Hence, the price of coal con-
sumed in manufactories, on steamers, and for do-
mestic use is not increased in a like ratio; but is
simply increased twenty-five cents per ton. If I
remember aright, coal 'has been selling in this
city, since I have been here, at the rate of from
eight to nine dollars per ton. Gentlemen would
lead the committee to believe, from their argu-
ments, that if this tax were imposed, coal would
sell here at twenty-five per cent, higher. Now, is
that so? Why, no. Every one will see at once
that the cost would only be increased twenty-five
cents per ton over its present cost.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Air. DIVEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the tax on coal ten cents per ton.
I am sincere in offering the amendment. I do
not offer it for the purpose of making a speech.
I wish to say that if this tax be imposed, the State
which I in part represent, will, I believe, pay as
much of it as the State of Pennsylvania, whose
Representatives are opposing this proposition so
strenuously. I believe that neither of the theories
contended for here is strictly true—that the con-
sumer pays all the tax, or that the producer pays
all the tax, or that the transporter pays all the tax.
On the contrary, 1 think that the tax is distributed
among them as nearly equal as can be conceived.
If a tax be so onerous as to shut out the article
or prevent us production, then of couise it falls
on the producer; but a light tax of ten cents on a
ton of coal is so trivial that, in my judgment, not
one ton less will be consumed in the country m
consequence of its imposition. Nothing has ad-
vanced with such rapid strides in consumption as
has the article of coal in this country. It is now
ptoduced at a rate that brings it into competition
with #ood,aiui has indeed almost excluded the use
of wood, except in forest countries where wood is
wo ah nothing and eosts nothing except the trouble
of cutting it and preparing it for fuel*, and gentle-
men will bear in mind that the forests of the coun-
try ore all the time growing less and less, and that
the competition to the use of coal is consequently
more and more being removed; and the coal will
bear the taxation so far as the miner is concerned
as well as any other article.
Now, with regaul to this reciprocity treaty and
this competition of oilier countries, it is true there
is a kind of coal purchased in Nova Scotia and
some of the British possessions which goes to all
parts of the country. But it comes here, not be-
cause they can bring it here cheaper than we fur-
nish our anthracite coal, but because it possesses
peculiar properties which the coals mined in the
United States do not possess. And I wish to ask
my friend from Pennsylvania if he believes that
one ton more will come from Nova Scotia if this
ten ccnts per ton is put upon our anthracite? In
my judgment there will not. Now, it is true that
the tax upon this coal will fall upon the poor
woman who shivers in the cold; but she is taxed
too upon the tea and sugar with which her ex-
hausted frame is refreshed. And so with many
other articles which the poor more or less con-
sume.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. I desire to ask thegentlcman
from New York whether the same reason does
not apply for leaving coal out of this bill, under
the reciprocity treaty, which applies to the flour
of New York ?
Mr. DIVEN. There is not, for the reason that
if you do not leave out New York flour, all the
flour of the West will be ground by Canadian
mills, instead of being ground by western mills
and New York mills. The reason applies with
equal force to the West and to New York State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment, because I hold it an erroneous
policy to tax the sources of power, the very foun-
dations of national prosperity and development.
There is no people that has prospered and grown
to power and consideration among the nations of
the earth who ever dreamed of levying a tax upon
the foundations on which their productive industry
was based. Our manufacturing industry is strug-
gling for existence under the close competition m
our own markets, of nations who are eagerly devel-
oping the power of machinery and the force of
steam applied to production and transportation.
England has so developed this power that she is
this day enabled to levy her enormous taxes on a
power equal to eight hundred millions of men.
Through her steam machinery she is directing this
immense power to the conversion of the raw mate-
rials of the earth to the uses of man; thus rendering
all nations, more or less, tributary to her enterprise,
skill, and power. She does not tax her coal; she
is too wise for that. She well knows that the ton of
coal is capable of producing more revenue through
the products of the manufactories. She needs
cheap power in her contest for supremacy; and
experience has taught her that coal and iron are
the right and left hands of her domination. Let
us gather wisdom from her experience, and learn
how cheap productive power may become. In
1850, she employed in producing the coal used in
the steam engines of England about sixty thou-
sand men; the boiler-makers and makers of steam
engines were forty thousand; total engaged in pro-
ducing the steam power of England, about one
hundred thousand men. Yet the natural power
produced by the labor of the above men is sated
in Government reports as equaling that of six
hundred millions of men. Tins was in 1850; since
then, doubtless, it has increased to the enormous
power I have before stated. The entire popula-
tion of England at that time was twenty-one mil-
lions, each one of whom, were the power thus ac-
quired equally divided, would have the equivalent
of thuty men employed in the execution of his
will; and we find the astonishing result, that the
capacity of one hundred thousand miners and ma-
chinists to furnish power, through coal and the
engine, is equal to thirty times the population of the
free States. She does not care to tax the product
of the labor of her sixty thousand miners, when
she knows through her superiority in cheap power
she can tax the products of the hundreds of mil-
lions of men embodied in her machinery. We are
contending with this formidable power m our own
maikets, and the markets of the world; and it is
impropci that we should do aught that might en-
hance the cost of productive power. Were this
competition confined to our domestic markets, we
might protect ourselves by an increased duty upon
her products; but we cannot so guard ourselves
when we bring our taxed power to compete with
her cheap power in the foreign market.
Sir, the policy of the amendment is wrong. Tax
as you may deem wise and necessary the products
of machinery in the manufactured articles con-
sumed in our own country, but leave entirely free
and untaxed all productions of our skill and power
that may have to compete with other nations in
the markets of the world. In illustration: the tax
you propose of twenty-five cents per ton on coal
will be about equal to one dollar a ton on bar iron,
as about four tons of coal are consumed in the
production of the iron. Now, while we could
easily protect the Amcncan maker in our new
tariff, yet this difference in price might give our
competitors the entire foreign market.
With regaid to the consumers of coal, those
who burn it in the stove will not so much feel it,
for it forms so small a proportion of their annual
expenses, or the cost of the coal. The gentlemen
from Now York and Ohio were perfectly correct
in supposing the poor woman in New York, who
shivers over her little fire in the nipping cold of
the northern winter, will not much feel the pit-
tance of twenty-five cents per ton, for the reason
that it is but the one hundred and twentieth part
of the price that she is accustomed to pay. I
have it from good authority that many thousand
tons of coal are retailed " by the small," that is,
by the handful,hatful, quart, pound, or apronful,
at rates from twenty to forty dollars per ton. At
these prices, it is not probable that the poor buyer
would feel the additional twenty-five cents per ton
that the Government of the United States places
| on it; and we might charitably suppose that the
ji honest dealers would shoulder the tax as their
!( profits are quite liberal. Gentlemen urge this
amendment as though it were a proper punishment
to Pennsylvania for something which she may have
done, as "though this were a special tax which she
must bear; this is not so. You tax the nation
when you tax her products. And I do not stand
here to shield my State from her quota of men or
money in suppressing this rebellion, but to save
the nation from what I consider a wrong policy
in taxing that, the cheap production of which is
the source of national prosperity and national in-
dependence and power.
The question being upon Mr. Diven's amend-
ment,
Mr. SHEFFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend thcamend-
mentby reducing the amount to one fourth of one
cent per ton. I submit this amendment to afford
me the opportunity of saying an additional word
lipon the general subject before the committee, for
I am strongly impressed with the belief that coal
should not be taxed, unless it is the intention of
the committee to abandon the leading principles
upon which this bill was framed, and which, up
to this time, have controlled our deliberations, and
proceed to place a tax upon all the necessaries of
life, of which fuel is among the chief, as well as
to impose burdens upon raw materials.
Tho Committee of Ways and Means, in report-
ing the bill before us, evidently aimed at avoiding
as far as possible placing a tax on necessaries and
raw materials. The argument that a tax on coal
is a tax upon a raw material has not been an-
swered by any member of this committee. Coal
is emphatically a raw material. AVe may differ
as to whether pig iron is or not, though I have no
doubt that it is; but coal dug from the earth with-
out change is unquestionably so. It enters into
the manufacture of almost everything. Little or
nothing can be made without heat, and therefore
to tax coal is to put an additional tax upon every-
thing in the manufacture of which fuel is neces-
sary.
Again: as I have already remarked, we have not
adopted the policy in this bill of taxing the neces-
saries of life. This bill proposes mainly to tax
the luxuries of mankind—their pleasures as well
as vices. We do notpropose to tax wheat, corn,
or wood, nor any of the necessary articles with-
out which life would be a burden or could not be
supported. Now, coal is beyond question a ne-
cessary of life, and should come within the rule.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether a tax upon coal would not cheapen it
upon the same principle that a tariff upon every
article has the effect to cheapen it? [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman is serious
I would teply certainly not. A duty upon coal
would make that much additional burden upon
the manufacturer and the consumer generally,
while the experience of all countries goes to show
that to protect home industry by a specific tariff
cheapens the articles protected to the public, be-
cause it builds up the home production by shut-
ting out the competition of the foreign manufac-
turers, and enables home competition in a short
time to produce a better article at a less price. That
is the reason why iron is now so cheap; so says
my colleague, [Mr. Hale.] We have to thank
the Morrill bill for that. But we must excuse the
gentleman from Illinois, as he lives in the back-
woods. Itis toolatenow—the world has advanced
somewhat in experience—to question the duty of
the Government to protect home industry. But
the propriety of taxing the necessaries of life is
quite another question. We have gone far enough
in that direction by taxing tea, coffee, and salt.
Unless it shall become indispensable, we had bet-
ter not proceed in that direction. If you tax coal,
why not tax wood and flour and hemp? Sir, I
do not propose to do the one or the other. And
yet Pennsylvania asks nothing but even-handed
justice. She does not, as the gentleman from
Ohio intimates "shiik a duty upon hei produc-
tions." She shirks from nothing, asks nothing,
but demands equality and justice. She is against
this accursed rebellion from the tops of her mount-
ains to the depths of her valleys, and will vote
all her sons and all her treasure to crush out re-
bellion and sustain the Union. Myself and col-
leagues would be ashamed to return to our people
and tell them we had refused to vote the necessary
supplies to sustain the Government and pay our
victorious volunteers.
Then, Mr. Chairman, what I ask is that gen-
tlemen should stand by the piinciple of the bill.
We do not propose to tax the lead of Illinois, nor
