2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
bill. If I knew how to put a little tax on England,
£ should have no objection to it. I have no great
love for that country, or Prance either. I do not
think they have conductcd themselves so as to
deserve 9. grea' many special fuvois at the hands
of the United States just about this time. I sup-
pose what the Senator wants is, that we should
put on this tax in such a way that it would not
destroy the business of the country, and allow a
drawback on cotton spun and woven in this coun-
try, and then tax all cotton exported.
Mr, CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That I think I could stand
to a moderate extent. But, sir, I should not want
the Senator from Massachusetts to cipher for me,
if I was going to run a cotton mill. He makes it
out that this three per cent, tax amounts to seven
01* eight per cent, on coarse manufactures. Why,
sir, it amounts to more than twenty-five percent,
on everything manufactured. You tax it over and
over again.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I was too moderate in
my calculations.
Mr. SIMMONS. To be sure you were. Such
a tax would ruin any business; but the Senator
from Michigan thinks it does not make any dif-
ference. There are ten pieces of cotton goods im-
ported to day into this country for every one man-
ufactured here; and it is because with the high
priced cotton we use, the goods can be sent here
from abroad, pay duties, and undersell us. Printed
cloths have been imported during the whole win-
ter. One eighth of the cotton manufactories in the
United Suites are not running to-day, simply be-
cause of the high price of cotton. The Senator
from Michigan thinks you can put on taxes and
get a corresponding increase of price. Why, sir,
nobody is starting nulls no w when there is not any
tax. Why do the owners let their mills stand still
when you have no tax? They have to pay insur-
ance and a variety of expenses, and they have to
keep the mill in repair while it is idle as well as
when they are running it. The machinery, to be
sure, does not wear out so fast, but so far as tak-
ing cate of the mills i« concerned, the expense is
nearly the same. My mills have not been going
for fourteen months, and I have had three or four
men in them all the time repairing and keeping the
rust off. 1 have been in hopes sometime or other
to see some cotton, but the prospect looks rather
gloomy. The mills are stopping now every day
as they work up the cotton they had on hand Put
a cent or two a pound on cotton,and then tax the
manufactured article, and they cannot start at all.
This is the most singular time to impose burdens
on manufacturers that ever I knew It is obvious
to everybody that they arc all stopping, particu-
larly those in this line. We do not sell five hun-
dred bales of cotton a week in Providence where
the usual sale has been two thousand. The peo-
ple that have got cotton on hand which they bought
last fjill'and summer at ten or twelve cents can
make something by running, but everybody else
lias stopped or is stopping.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think the Sena-
tor's argument holds good as between the East
India cotton and our own, lie says it, is of infe-
rior quality, if it is of inferior quality, of coui so
the production cannot come in competition with
ours. Then, a<rain, as to this tax stopping the
manufacturer; it is not thatwhich willalfeet them
in the least. We want something stable: that is
their trouble. To-day, cotton is worth a quarter
of adollara pound, and those who consume cot-
ton, consume but very little, and there is so much
uncertainty whether cotton will be worth twenty-
five cents a pound, or ten cents, six months hence,
that neither the manufacturers dare to manufac-
ture a stock, as they usually do, to hold over, nor
will the purchasers purchase, except from day to
day. That has nothing on earth to do with this
bill, or the effect of a tax on this article. It is the
present extraordinary state of the country which
prevents the Senator from starting; his cotton mills,
and a tax of one or two cents a pound will have
no effect on that; he will not start them a day
earlier, nor will it be delayed a little later, whether
y£u Pu* this tax at two cents a pound, or leave it
off.. The moment the cotton fulls to a price at
which he can open his mills at a profit, the very
moment the old stock is cleaned out, and there is
a demand at the increased price, that moment he
will start his mills, and make money too; hut
leaving this tax off entirely, or putting it at two
cents a pound, will have no sort of influence on
his mill, or any other mill in the United States.
He says that we are importing cotton fabrics now.
That may be; but if so, it is because the English
had more cotton on hand, purchased at a low fig-
ure, than we had in this country. It is not because
they use an inferior grade of cotton. Our people
understand the value of good cotton and bad cot-
ton as well as any other people on the face of the
earth. You will not catch them investing their
money in an inferior grade of material because it
is at a lower price, when they can get a better value
for their money at a higher price. Our people are
too intelligent for that, and I do not think his ar-
gument is good. I hope that " one cent" will be
stricken out, and " two cents" inserted.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator did not
exactly understand me. I say the filling of these
coarse goods is such that we cannot compete in
the China market with the English manufacturers
if we put on this tax. The Senator says we do
not run our mills because we are apprehensive
that cotton will rise. I did not know that was
the reason. I do not run mine, because I cannot
get as much for the cloth as it costs. That is my
reason. He thinks it will not make any differ-
ence whether it costs me two or three cents a
pound more or not. How does he account for
the English being able to send the goods here?
Who says they have more cotton on hand. Why,
sir, I have known thousands of bales of cotton to
be imported into this country fiom Europe this
very winter. He says we control the cotton mar-
ket of Europe. Cotton has been twenty-four or
twenty-five cents in New York all winter. We
can import cotton into Providence and save three
or four cents a pound.
Mr. CHANDLER'. That is what I said, that j
the English had a larger stock on hand when the :
supply stopped.
Mr. SIMMONS. How do yon know the stock
was larger? I have seen it stated at one hundred
thousand bales. I have not known a time in
twenty years when stock was so low as now, and
yet I venture to say that the stock we have will
last three times as long as thenx, but U is notdfs-
tiibuted. It happens to ho in the hands of people
who were a little longer headed than otheis and
hnd longer purses. If when a whole legion of
country is utteily destitute of employment and
its business is prostiated, that is a time to put
heavy burdens on it in order to lighten the loads :
of the war, it strikes me as a new mode of en-
couraging trade.
Mr. WILSONtof Massachusetts. I think the ■
opinions of the Senator from Michigan on busi-
ness affairs are generally entitled to gicat weight
in the Senate, and I generally give great weight
to what he says; but it seems to me that on this
subject the Scnatoi has not posted himself, and
that his opinions upon this question are not en-
titled to very great consideration, if what he has
said expresses his deliberate views.
The Senator is not satisfied wiih even what the
House of Representatives has done. Well, sir,
I must express my amazement at the vote of the
House of Representatives. They send a bill here
taxing cotton a centa pound, and allowing on the
cotton that goes abroad a diawback. We have
here a tax of $3,200,000 put upon the cotton used
by the cotton manufacturers of this country, and
a drawback on all our cotton exported in favor of
the manufacturers abroad. That is the whole of
it. It is simply a burden of $3,200,000 upon the
manufacturers of cotton in this country. That is
the burden put upon the cotton manufacturers at
home by the House of Representatives. Now,
sir, the Finance Committee propose to strike out
the whole of this tax, I shall vote in favor of the
proposed amendment of the committee. I do not
believe it to be wise at this time to put this tax
upon cotton, upon an article of which we export
ordinarily from one hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred millions of dollars' worth.
The Senator says that a tax of one or two cents
will make little or no difference to the manufac-
turers of cotton goods in the country. We export
from ten to eleven millions of dollars of cotton
manufactures. Most of this amount goes abroad
in competition with foreign manufactures m the
markets of the world. We can send abroad cot-
ton goods for which we pay eight cents a yard in
this country and sell them for seven or seven and
a half cents in China, and make money by the
transaction. We do sell cotton goods cheaper
there than we pay for them here, and make money
by so doing. Merchants and exchange dealers
know this to be so.
Does the Senator believe that putting a cent a
pound upon cotton, or two cents a pound, as he
proposes, on cotton, it going upon the cheap
grades of cotton out of which most of the cotton
cloth is made that we export, will make no dif-
ference? Does he believe that we can export
§11,000,000 worth of cotton manufactures with a
cent a pound tax upon cotton ? We shall not, we
cannot do it. We make out of the three lower
grades of cotton about thirty-five millions of dol-
lars'worth of cotton cloth. About one half of
all the cotton manufactures are made out of the
cheaper grades that have averaged less than eight
cents a pound duting the last ten years, and a
pound of this cotton will make about two and a
half yards of coarse cloth. Of the $35,000,000
worth of cloth made out of cheap cotton, we ex-
port from ten to eleven millions; the rest is used
in the country, and used by the poorer portion of
our people.
This tax of one cent a pound makes fourteen or
fifteen percent, on the lower grades of cotton, and
seven or eight percent, on the higher grades of
cotton. Therefore the goods that are consumed
in ourown country arc taxed at a high rdtc; those
used by the poorer portion of the community are
taxed much higher than the finorand bettercottons.
That portion of goods we send abroad, which is
a great advantage to the country, we tax so high
that in my judgment under this bill if we tax cot-
ton a centa pound we shall be excluded by the for-
eign manufacturers from the markets of the world,
and our exports will diminish.
I do not believe it wise, especially for our west-
ern friends, to tax this great agricultural product.
If we tax it, by and by we shall have a call to tax
wheat, corn, and the other agricultural products of
the West, in order to put all sections of the coun-
try upon an equality; but the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives puts a burden, as I
have said, of $3,200,000 upon the cotton manufac-
turers of this country, and you tax them thteeper
cent, on their manufactures besides. It is a bur-
den of eight or nine percent, on them. It is gi ossly
unequal and unjust; it is oppressive; and I hope
that the Congi ess of the United States does not in-
tend to put this oppressive burden upon any por-
tion of the country. That it will operate disas-
trouslyupon our exports and upon the production
of cotton, 1 do not think any Senator can doubt
for a moment.
Sir, we are engaged in puttingdown a rebellion.
We have heretoloie produced four to five millions
of bales of cotton annually. Do you believe, or
does any man believe, that we shall produce four
millions of bales of cotton annually f<?r the next
thiee or four years? I do not believe it. I be-
lieve, in the present condition of the country, that
the crop of the coming year will be immensely
diminished; I believe it will be diminished for the
next three or four years; and I am one of those
who believe it important m this country to have
a huge cotton crop; I do not like the idea of en-
couiagmg the growth of cotton in other portions
of the globe. I believe it is important to the Uni-
ted States, m every sense, that this country shall
raise large ciops of this important article of ex-
port. 1 believe we raise better cotton than is raised
in other portions of the globe, and Ido not rejoice
in seeing the manufacturers of the woild made too
independent of our country. 1 believe we can
raise it with free labor as well as with slave labor,
and a great deal better. I believe we shall raise
it with free labor as well as with slave labor, and
better tln'n with slave labor. Sir, we have a great
cotton belt, capable of producing vast amountsof
cotton, and I do not believe it to be good policy
at this tune, and in the present condition of the
; country, to impose any burden that shall check
the production of this agncultural staple.
I may be told that I am not speaking for this
agricultural interest, hut that I am speaking for
the cotton spinners and manufacturers of my own
State and section. I do not deny that I am doing
; so to a considerable extent. On general prin-
! ciples I am opposed to this cotton tax. A small
| tax, perhaps, might be borne, though I do not
[ tlunk it wise to impose any. I admit that my
t constituents and the people of my section have a
deep interest in this matter. It is against the in-
