1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3331
be authorized bylaw. Iam not very familiar
with the rules,and do not consider that the most
valuable members of the House are those that rise
to points of order. [Laughter.] And I object 
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What does the gen-
tleman propose to do?
Mr. WATTS. Anything that I have a right
to do. When you get to understand it, you will
find that it is all right. 1 do not want to carry
anything in this House that I am not satisfied is
perfectly right and fair. To show that this is so,
I introduced a bill for that purpose, on its own
merits, and it was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. The only question
is, whether this is authorized by existing law?
That is the point.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York insist on his point of order?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels itself un-
der the necessity of sustaining the ftointof order,
believing that this is not an appropriation author-
ized by law.
Mr. WATTS. I acquiesce in the decision of
the Chair; but I hope that when I move to sus-
pend the rules to have the bill which I introduced
passed, my friend from New York [Mr. F. A.
Conkling] will not object to it.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I offer the following
amendment:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
i  Nevada Territory—purchase of oxen, cows, ponies, pres-
ents of goods, agricultural implements, and other useful ar-
ticles ; for the pay of blacksmith and support of blacksmith
shop, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, $30,000,
Mr, MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that the amendment is not in order/ All these
items should have been put in the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. This matter was not
considered at all in the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, if it were a proper
one, that was the place for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The .Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAILY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jbid be it further enacted, That for the purpose of build-
ing a penitentiary in the Territory of Nebraska, all unex-
pended balances of appropriations heretofore made for said
Territory, up to the commencement of the present fiscal
year, for legislative, judicial, and executive purposes, be,
and the same are hereby, reappropt rated, together with a
sum sufficient to make, m all, $40,000, out of any money in
the Treasury no! otherwise appropriated. The Secretary
of the Interior shall select the point, and make the contracts
for said building; but no contract shall be made cxceptfor
the enthe completion, within eighteen months, of a peni-
tentiary for said sum suitable for the wants of the Territory.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a point of order on
this amendment. This matter came before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and the commit-
tee decided adversely upon it.
Mr. DAILY. It is true that this proposition
was before the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
debatable.
Mr. DAILY. I think the point of order is not
good, because the organic act organizing the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska provides for Congress furnish-
ing money for theso buildings.
The CHAIRMAN. If this is for a public
work already authorized, the amendment is in
order*.
' Mr. DAILY. It is for a public building au-
thorized by the organic act of the Territory.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be the fact, the
amendment is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point I made was that
there is no law authorizing the erection of this
penitentiary. This is a new proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, in announcing
its decision, put it entirely on the understanding
that there had been a former appropriation made
for this penitentiary.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand that
there ever was an appropriation made for it. I
have been so informed more than once by the Del-
egate himself.
Mr. DAILY. -.There has been no appropria-
tion made for it; but there is a provision in the
existing law that Congress shall appropriate for it.
The CHAIRMAN. This question of order
depends altogether on that question of fact. The
Chair not being advised on the subject, requires
the gentleman from Nebraska to produce author-
ity of law for the construction of this peniten-
tiary. If there be such a law, the amendment is
in order; otherwise it is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have been informed more
than once that there was no such law.
Mr. DAILY. I think that the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw the point of order when
I state the fact that only $3,000 is to be drawn
from the Treasury for the erection of this peni-
tentiary. The other §37,000 is to be composed of
balances of appropriations made for other pur-
poses in the Territory.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we have heretofore ap-
propriated for any purpose in Nebraska a larger
amount than was necessary, the balance reverts
to the Treasury, and is part of the money in the
Treasury. As I stated, we examined this matter
in committee very fully.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair understands
the facts, he rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. DAILY. The authority for making this
appropriation is to be found in the organic act of
the Territory of Nebraska. It is there provided
that the Government shall make appropriations
for the erection of public buildings in that Terri-
tory. Qome of the public buildings have been
already erected, but there has never yet been an
appropriation for the erection of this public
building.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not sup-
pose that an organic act of the Territory is such
a law as was intended to be covered by the rule
of the House. He must therefore rule the section
out.,
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the following
additional section to the bill:
For expenses in carrying into effect the treaty with Great
Britain for the suppression of the slave trade, the sum of
$15,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. Chairman, that treaty has already been
made, and the officers appointed under it. There
has, however, been no appropriation made to carry
it into effect. The Secietary of State has sent us a
communication asking that that sum be appropri-
ated for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committer accordingly rose; and Mi\Wash-
burne having taken the chair as Speaker pro tern-
pore> Mr. White, of Indiana, reported that the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
underconsideration, and particularly the supple-
mental civil appropriation bill, and had directed
him to report the same back with sundryamend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. It was the understanding in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union that there should be separate votes on the
proposition to increase the salary of the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, and also on the propo-
sition for the colonization of theemancipated slaves
of this District. With the exception of those prop-
ositions, I move that the other sections and
amendments be agreed to en masse.
There was no objection; and the amendments
were agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
To enable the President to carry out the act of Congress
for the emancipation of the slaves in the District of Colum-
bia, and to colonize those to be made free by the probable
passage of a confiscation bill, $500,000, to be repaid to the
Treasury out of confiscated property, to be used at the dis-
cretion of the President in secuiing the nghtof colonization
of said persons made free, and in payment of the necessary
expenses of their removal. ,
Mr. MALLORY. I move that that paragraph
be stricken out of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. riOLMAN. Was there not an understand-
ing that there should be a separate vote on the pat-
ent fundproposition ?
Mr. STEVENS. There was no such agree-
ment. The understanding was that there should
be a separate vote only on the two propositions
which I have already indicated.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLM AN. -To test the sense of the House
on this bill, and especially with reference to the
patent fund provision, I move that it be laid upon
the table; and on that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
On a division there were—ayes 8, noes 60.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to lay the bill upon the table.
The question then recurred on Mr. Malloiit's
motion to strike out; and being taken, it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 70; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, George H. Browne, William G Brown, Cal-
vert, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Fouke, Gi anger, Grkier, Haight,
Hall, Ilohnan, Jackson, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Leary, Mallory, May, Menztes, Odell, Pendleton, John 8.
Phelps, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thoma«, Webster, WicklifFe, Wilson, and Wood—41. -
NAVS—Messrs. Aldiich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Maxtor,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Make, Buftinton, Casey, Clem-
ents, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkluig, Iloscoe ConklmgJ
Covode, Davis, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn, Edward*, Eliot, Ely,
Fessenden, Fisher, Frank, Goodwin. Hale, Hancheu,
Hooper, Hutehms, Julian, Iielley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Lans-mg, Lehman, Loouus, Lovojoy, Low, MrKnight,
McPhei*on, Maynard, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Ju«tm
S. Morrill, Nixon, Olm, Patton,Timothy G. Phelps, Potter,
John- H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Spauldmg, Stevens,
Stratum, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Washburne. Alberts. White, Window, and Wor-
cester—70.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. TRAIN stated that he was paired with Mr.
Wadswortii on all these questions.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jbul be it further enacted, That the salary of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury shall be the same as
that of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, to commence
with the present fiscal ytar.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to strike
that section out; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in the
negative—yeas 42, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona,15iddle, Blake, Casey, Clements. Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling, Fisher, Goodwin, Holman, Hutch-
ins, Jackson. Julian, Knapp, Lazear, Loomis, McKnight,
Menztes, Nixon. Patton, John S. Phelps, Porter, Potter,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Shiel, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stratum, Trim-
ble, Trowbiidse, Verree, Wallace, Wickliffe, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Baily, Baxter, Samuel
S. Blair, George II. Browne, WiJliam G. Brown, Buffin-
ton, Calvert, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Dueli, Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Fouke, Granger, Haight,
Hale, Hall, Hooper, Kelley, Francis W Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Leary, Lehman, Lovejoy, McPherson, Maynard, Moor-
head, Morris, Noell, Odeli, Olm, Pendleton, Timothy G.
Phelps, John II. Rice,Saigeiu, Sedgwick, Se«ar, Sheffield,
Spauldmg, John B. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thoma«, Train, Van Ilom, Walton, Washburne,
Webster, Albert S. White, and Wood—57.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en*
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a division on the
passage of the bill.
On a division, there were—ayes 57, noes 13.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baxter,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bufiinton, Casey, Clement*, Col-
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, Covode, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Frank, Haight,
Hale, Hooper, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kelloge, Lan-
sing, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight,
McPherson,Mavnaid, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Clin, Patton,Timothy G. Phelps. Porter,
John H. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sherman,Smith,
Steven-;, Stratton, Benjamin F Thomas, Van Horn, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Albert S. White,
and Windom—62.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona. Calvert, Cobb, Roscoe Conkling, Cox, Fishei,
Fouke, Granger, Grider, Hutching. Jackson, Kerrigan,
Knapp, Law, Mallory, Menkes, Penuleton, John S. Phelps,
