1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
tion. I believe I have always opposed legislation
on these bills as stringently and strongly as any
one, at any rate as strongly as I could; but it
seemed to me, and to the committee, that in these
particular cases all these matters were quite ger-
mane to the bill and should properly come in here,
or might, without its being considered a departure
from our rule. The ground ordinarily upon which
the rule has been attempted to be enforced is that
we did not wish to admit of legislation which was
disconnected, or was not properly germane lothe
matter under consideration. Now, sir, with re-
gard to all these cases, the objection of my friend
from Ohio does not strictly apply. Take for in-
stance the very first: thai the salary of the consul
at Bremen shall be ยฃ,3,000, to commence on the
1st of January, 18G2.
Mr. GRIMES. How much is it now?
*Mi. FESSENDEN. It was $2,000 before. It
was very clearly shown by recommendations that
have been made by several Secretaries of State,
that it was absolutely necessary that the consul
at that place should have a larger salary, owing
to the expense of living and other expenses con-
nected with the consulate. It was recommended
by General Cass. The House passed a bill at
one time giving this increase of the salary. The
bill came to the Senate so late, however, that it
did not pass. Under these circumstances, we
thought, instead of waiting to have legislation
merely for one or two consulates, a meie increase
of salary or a change of the mode of payment, it
might be as well to insert it here,and thatitwould
not be considered a departure from tbe rule; for
I understand my fr/end not as objecting to the
thing itself, so much as to the fact of the departure
from what he coneeivcs and what I conceive to be
safe practice, and which we have adhered fa hith-
erto in all cases where it ought to be adhered to.
The same argument applies with regard to the
consul at Pietou, which is the next place. The con-
sul at Pictou heretofore has been paid fees, and the
fees amounted to between two and three thousand
dollars a year; but owing to a clause inserted in
an appropriation bill a year or two ago, for the
purpose of cutting off or restraining the bad prac-
tices of the consul general at Montreal, we in fact
cut off pretty much all the fees that the consul at
Pictou got, and reduced him to some four or five
hundred dollars a year, which is entirely inade-
quate. After consideration, it was thought best,
and a sa\ ing to the Government, instead of making
an exception to the rule, that we should give him
a salary of ยง1,500, which is really a very reason-
able salary for that place, and we changed the
compensation from fees to that particular amount.
The case of the consul at Swatow is another very
strong one. It is a port recently opened within
two or three years in China, and a consul has
been sent out there. It is a place of great busi-
ness. The consul has been out there since the
time indicated in the bill. He is a most compe-
tent man, acquainted with the China business. He
started fiom here in September, 1860, and has not
received a dollar of salary up to the present time.
Three thousand five hundied dollars is the usual
sum paid to consuls in China, on account of lhc5
very great expense of living there. That is an-
other case.
There are two cases which I have inserted this
morning which stand on a similar ground. Both
are consulates, the compensation of which has
been changed from fees to salaries.
Mi. KING. What are they?
Mr. FESSENDEN. One is Florence, with a
salary, I think, of $3,000 a year, and the other is
Port Mahon, which is considered an important
one. We propose to send an American as consul
there, and give him a salary of $1,500. The pro-
viso is merely to place thesw consulates within the
purview of the statute which we have previously
passed. I think, therefore, the objection of my
friend does not apply to these particular cases,
and it is advisable to make these changes.
Mr. SUMNER. What the Senator ft om Maine
has said has anticipated something 1 intended say-
ing; but still he has not touched the precisc point
on winch I propose to ask the attention of the
Senator from Ohio. I understood him to say that
the consular bill at the last session, authorizing
new appointments, had been passed without due
consideration. I have some recollection of the
circumstances with reference to that bill, and I
wish to assure the Senator he is mistaken if he
supposes it pasged without due consideration.
The precise object of that bill was to reach the
exigency of this year. Th&re were privateers
from the rebel States then on the sea, making, it
was supposed, for different ports where we had
no consular representatives. It was important that
there should be such representatives there to en- j
counter them, to prevent their obtaining supplies,
if possible, and, at least, to give information with
regard to their movements. It was on that ac-
count, and with a view to meet that special diffi-
culty, that that bill was introduced and passed,
and it is under that bill that several of these ap-
pointments for which wc are now providing have
been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the committee as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the vote can be
taken on the amendment preceding that.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to strike out " $303,000," the amount appropri-
ated in the bill originally for the salaries of consuls
general, consuls, and commercial agents, and to
insert " $347,750."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to amend that by
adding the additional sum of $2,500 to cover the
consulates at Florence and Port Mahon. I move to
strike out" $347,750," and to insert$350,250."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and eight, to strike out the following clause:
For expense^ incurred under instructions from the Sec-
retaiy of State, in bunsmcf homo fiom loruitm countries
poisons chained with ciiine^ and expensed incident thereto,
{$10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply state for the
information of the Senate, that that is a provision
that is ordinarily made every year, but on inquiry
I found that there now remains subject to that
same matter $10,000 in the Treasury, and there-
fore the committee thought it as well to strike it
out and let them expend that money first.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line one hundred and seventeen, to strike out
the following clause.*'
To cnablo the Secretary of State to have prepared and
transmitted to the Executives ot the several States and Ter-
ritories having boundaries with foreign States a competent
number of authentic copies of the settlement of such
houwlaues, and the maps and chaiN relating theieto. and
the evidence theiein, in the Htate Department, $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that the same
sum was appropriated last year, and has not been
expended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,in
line seven of section two, to strike out the words
" thirty-eight," and inscrffifty-three," andalso
to strike out " forty-nine," and insert " thirteen;"
so that the clause will read:
For compensation and inc  cased salaiies. to sundry coil-
bill-, under the act of Aujrust 2,1861, .$o3,013 98.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Owing to the amendments
which have just been made by the Senate, it will
be nccessary to add to that amount, the sum of
$806 33. I move to stiike out$53,013 lJ8," and
insert " $53,850 31."
The amendment to the amendment was agiecd
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to insert
as a new section the following:
*<2nd be it further ciinUed, That the a>n of Congicss* ap-
proved Ausu^t 2, 1M51, entitled, "An a_-t to increase the
consular lepiesentaJion of the United States daring the
picsontiebelhun." be and it is hereby lepealed.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to inquire what
that act is.
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain it to the Senator.
On the 2d of August last there was an act approved,
giving unlimited power to the Presidentto appoint
consular agents and consuls at foreign ports.
Heretofore such consulships have always been
established by Congress; but at that time it was
believed by gentlemen that the exigencies of the
country required that such a power should be con-
ferred upon the President. It has been exercised,
and 1 think about forty consuls have been either
appointed, or their salaries have been increased
from nothing or from fees to $1,500. I think it
has increased the expenses of the Government in
the neighborhood of a hundred thousand dollars
at any rate. I inferred from the remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts, that the condition
of things that required the passage of this law last
August, and I do not think there was any'con-
dition that did require it, as his language was in
the past tense, that he does not believe that such a
condition of things now exists as to require the
continuance of this law. If there is any necessity
for the establishment of more consulships, let us
establish them by law. If the President or the
Secretary of State desires that there shall be any
more, let him say so, and we can make provision
for them, if wo deem them necessary; but I do not
believe it is proper for us to continue to allow this
unrestricted power to be conferred on theSecretary
of State or on the President.
Sir, we raised a great deal of sail at our extra
session in July, and I think it is our duty to take
in a little of it. So far as I am concerned, I do not
want this thing to go on extending until we shall
have a consular agent at every little port. We
have already established a salary for a consul at
Florence, far removed from any port. The salary
is small, it is true; it is only ยง1,000; but a few
thousand dollars make up a considerable aggre-
gate. It is said he is a consul general, and has
the control of several other consuls; but it is just
as easy to make one of these sub-consuls, who is
already receiving a salary of ยง1,500, the consul
general, as it is to give the salary to this consul
at Florence. I did not object to that, but I do ob-
ject to the continuance of this system any longer.
Mr. SUMNER. I concur with the Senator in
his general idea. The bill of the last session was,
as 1 understood at the time, temporary, to meet
the exigency of that hour. It seems to me that
the exigency has passed. But what I wish to call
the attention of the Senator to is piecisely this:
what will be the effect of the passage of this
amendment on the consuls who have aotually
been appointed, and the appropriation which we
propose to make under the consular and diplo-
matic bill now under consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it will have any
effect on them, but I am willing to add a proviso
that it shall not affect them.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I am in favor
of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I will modify my amendment
by adding the following proviso:
P701 ided hovictcr, That tins section shall not affect any
appointment heietoforc made under the provisions of tflis
act.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am sorry that
the Senator from Iowa has consented to that
amendment. It seems to me it relieves these con-
suls of a very awkward predicament. We have
authorized the President to appoint as many as
i he thought fit. He has appointed them. Sow
will they be considered hereafter consulships es-
tablished bylaw ? It seems to me the true course
would be to cut off that proviso and repeal the act.
Congress is in session, and if it is necessary to es-
tablish any of these consulships by law, to which
these appointments have been made by the Execu-
tive under that act, let the President or Secretary
of State say so, and let us establish them by law,
; and do not leave this loose way of making con-
sals 011 the statute-book. It never ought to have
been there in the first place, and if we had not
been in a good dee! of hurry last summer, it prob-
| ably never would have been passed. I think it is
1 an injudicious exercise of legislative power to con-
j fer tliis discretion where the power to be exercised
[-can be measured and limited and fixed by law,
j as it always ought to be where it can be. Now,
: sir, I think the better way would be not to take
| that proviso, but to repeal the act, and then if it is
necessary to retain these gentlemen in their places
who have been appointed under it, let the Secre-
taiy of State or the President say so, and let us
I pass the act necessary, and not go on in this loose
1 way. I am for the amendment, and against the
proviso.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator seems to forget
that the discretion has already been exercised.
He is against the exercise of such discretion; but
it has been exercised, ami our object now, as I
understand it, is snnply to make the necessary
provision for canying out the law up lo this date.
Mr. KING. I recollect the law of the lastses-
