1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. DIVEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. English and
Mr. Sherman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the next
paragraph, in the sixteenth line.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to offer
a new paragraph before we proceed to the next
one.
Mr. HORTON. I believe I have the consent
of the committee that new paragraphs shall be
appended at the end of the section. ["No!"
"No!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairunderstood the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam] to
object to that.
Mr. HORTON. 1 am informed that no ob-
jection was made in committee, but only in the
House.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I objected
before, and I object now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the fol-
lowing amendment as a new paragraph:
That on arid after the ls-t day of May, 1862, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a tax of thiee cents per
pound on all cotton held ornwnpd hv any person or per-
sons, corporation, or ass-ociation of persons; and that such
tax shall be a lien theicon in the possession ot any per on
whomsoever. And further, that if any poison or person?,
corporations, or association of persons, shall remove, carry,
or transport the same from the place of its pioductiou be-
fore said tax shall have been paid, such person or persons,
coiporation, or association ol person-! &-hall forfeit and pay
to the United States, double the amount of such ta\, to be
recovered many court having jui ihdiction theieof: Pro-
vided, however, That the Comin^sionerof Internal lie venue
is hereby authorized to make «.ncli rules and regulations a5?
lie may deem proper for the payment of said tax at places
different fioiu that of the production of said cotton.
Mr. Chairman, in my judgment, tins crop of
the South is about the only element of wealth from
which we shall derive a revenue for the Govern-
ment, and I have thought it just and proper that
we should levy upon the products of the South a
reasonable tax. And cotton being the great staple,
and really being aboutall then* production, I have
thought that we should put the tax on that, and I
have proposed throe cents per pound. The produc-
tion and export of cotton from the South is over two
hundred millions of dollars per annum; and I see
no reason in the woild why the South should not
pay a revenue upon that amount of wealth, while
we of the North are to pay it upon every con-
ceivable species of property.
I move the amendment in perfect good faith,
and ask that a vote be taken on it. However, if
any gentleman deems it too high, I am willing for
one that it should be reduced in amount.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing " burn or destroyafter the word li remove."
I understand that they are burning up all the to-
bacco and cotton m the South as we advance; and
I want to impose a penalty upon them for doing
that.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When they burn
it up theie is very little hope of our getting a tax
out of them. However, I will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I hope the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois will not
be adopted, and the reason is simply this, that he
does not in that way effect his object, but on the
contrary, he taxes to a still greater degree, and
makes this bill still more onerous upon the manu-
factures of the North.
There are but two ways in which the cotton
crop can be taxed so as to affect the men who raise
and hold the cotton there, it is an article used
entirely at the North and abroad, and the people
of the South can control and will control the price,
so that the purchaser must pay it; and they can-
not, as upon other articles, divide the tax between
the producer and the consumer. One way in
which it can be reached is the way proposed by
my colleague this morning, by taxing the sales of
cotton as we would tax the sales of anything else.
Then whenever it is sold, the three per cent., or
whatever per cent, you determine upon, will be
paid by nvn who own the cotton.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me ask the
gentieman this question: what difference would it
make to the manufacturer whether you put that
same amount upon the sale of cotton or the same
amount upon the cotton per pound?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I will tell
the gentleman how it is. Whenever it is sold for
export, it is taxed just the same as it is when it is
sold to the manufacturers of the North. Under
the provisions of the Constitution as it now stands,
an export duty cannot be laid upon cotton; and I
propose, sooner or later, before this session closes,
to introduce a proposition to enable this Congress
or any subsequent Congress, during the next
twenty or thirty years, to lay an export duty on
any article, and that would furnish to this Gov-
ernment a revenue of at least sixty or seventy mil-
lions of dollars upon this single article of cotton,
and will get it out of those who during this rebel-
lion have shown a lack of sympathy with the
loyal States of this Union, and a desire to over-
turn this Government and separate us into frag-
ments.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suggest to the
gentleman from Rhode Island that if he had heard
all the provisions of this amendment, he would
have seen that there was no constitutional diffi-
culty in the way. This is not an exportduty, and
yet all cotton exported or sold anywhere will be
compelled to pay this tax. A tax of three cents
per pound is levied and made a lien upon cotton,
whether exported or sold, it is a tax upon pro-
duction; and that part of the cotton crop which
goes to England for manufacture will be taxed in
precisely the same manner as that which is sold
to the New England manufacturer. My friend
from Rhode Island, I know, is not willing that
two thirds or three fourths of the cotton should go
to English manufacturers free of duty for the mere
purpose of avoiding the tax upon that portion
which goes to the manufacturers of New England.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish merely to make a
suggestion to my friend from Illinois. He pro-
| poses to tax cotton three cents per pound. As a
general principle, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to taxing agricultural products of any kind in this
country in their raw state; but if he expects his
amendment to be adopted, I beg him to add a pro-
viso to his proposition, I see that the Govern-
ment of the United States is about to embark
largely in the business of cotton growing in the
South, and I beg him to except from the opera-
tion of his amendment the products of the United
States cotton plantations at Port Royal and other
places. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Kentucky cei tamly does not charge me with
belonging to that class of politicians who propose
that this Government shall engage in leasing out
small farms to cotton growers ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 excuse the gentleman.
I do not mean him. I only want him to frame his
amendment so as not to tax those men who are
aboutto embark in the cotton business down there,
because if you tax them they will surely be
ruined. ^
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
is a little facetious; but I suppose he has really
no objection to the amendment which I have
offered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment so as to reduce the tax to five mills
per pound. This, Mr. Chairman, is perhaps one
of the gravest matters that will come before the
committee, and it requires calm and dispassionate
consideration, i confess that in the outset I was
in favor of taxing cotton; but upon more mature
deliberation I have arrived at the conclusion that
it would be impolitic and unjust, and certainly
not in accordance with the general characterofthis
bill. Is it becoming in this House to institute a
species of legislation that would be invidious and
partial towards any portion of the country >
Now, under the provision of this bill, we have
not taxed agricultural productions in any quarter
of the country.
Mr. MORRIS. How about tobacco ?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. The single ex-
ception is tobacco; and that is an article which
ij ministers to a habit which is very nearly a vice.
[Loud cries of " Oh, no!" from all parts of the
Hall.]
Mr. Chairman, it is from no favor to the cotton
or rebel States that I would exempt cotton from
I tlustax. Butt would rather that our Army should
confiscate every pound of cotton which they can
<j obtain than to impose this petty tax of three cents
■ I per pound. I am in favor of confiscating it where
ii ever we can reach it; but what are the facts in re-
lation to this matter? There are other countries
which produce cotton since this rebellion com-
menced. The cotton supply committee of Eng-
land have ascertained that there are at least sixty
new places where cotton can be cultivated with ad-
vantage. Now, I have no question that when this
war shall be ended, we shall find the cotton plant-
ers the poorest men in this whole country. I do
not doubt that they will come to us m all parts of
the country for charity. We are going to strip
them entirely of all their resources; and this Cot-
ton Supply Association of England will have so
far progressed that they will be able in that coun-
try to obtain their cotton from other quarters than
those from which they now obtain it, and at a
diminished price. Levying a tax upon this article
is, in fact, levying it upon ourselves. We shall
have to pay an advanced price upon every article
of manufacture which is produced from cotton.
This tax would not be laid upon the cotton planter
at all. It would fail to reach him. It would only
increase the price of manufactured articles. I
think we should pause to consider whether we
will step out of our ordinary course of legislation,
and deviate from the pnnci pies which we lay down
as the proper ones to legislate upon in other por-
tions of the country for the mere purpose of
grinding the South.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
has objected that the United States seem to have
engaged in the business of producing cotton. If
the past and the present rate of expendituie shall
continue a year or two, I desire to say to him,
that the Government will be obliged to carry on
all the agricultural and manufacturing interests of
the country, and that the people will have become
mere tenants or employes of the Government, pay-
ing a high rent in the one case, and receiving but an
insignificant compensation or salary in the other.
This subject, however, has already been discussed,
and 1 do not propose at this time to continue its
discussion further. We are informed by reports of
conversations with the Secretary of the Treasury
that the expenditures are now about four millions
of dollars a day, and at that rate, under the tax-
ation which will be necessary to pay the interest
upon the public debt and to create a sinking fund,
if ever it is to be discharged at all, all the lands
of the country, all the business of the country,
its agricultural products and its manufactures,
will fall into the hands of those who will be ap-
pointed by the Government, because it will not
be worth the while of those engaged in these sev-
eral pursuits to continue them with the enormous
amount that will be subtracted from them for the
purpose of paying these expenditures and the in-
terest upon the public debt.
The amendmentto theamendmentproposed by
Mr. Morrill, ofVermont, was rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment, for the purpose of making two or thiee re-
marks, by increasing the rate of taxation one cent
per pound. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
lakdigiiam] says that if the present rate of ex-
penditure continues for two or three years longer,
the entire agricultural operations of the country
will be necessarily carried on by the Government.
The way to prevent the continuance of this tre-
mendous expenditure, is for us all to bend all our
energies to the putting down in the most speedy
manner possible of this rebellion, and those who
desire to stop these expenditures may do so by
giving vigor and power to the Administration in
crushing out this rebellion. This rebellion, sir,
originated in the idea that cotton was king. The
fallacy of that ideais being demonstrated by events.
Cotton is not king, nor are the peculiar friends of
cotton to rule this country hereafter. I am in
favor of the amendment proposed by my colleague
for the reason that three quarters, if I am cor-
rectly advised of the cotton crop is taken abroad.
A very large proportion then of the revenue to be
derived from this most important product will
come ultimately from those who use it abroad.
It is objected by some of my friends from New-
England, that wc should not lay this impost on
cotton because it is used to a considerable extent
in manufactures there. I think that that objection
ought not to influence the action of the commit-
tee, because it is but just that some portion of the
tax, besides that derived from the direct tax,
