390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,'
sioo, It was to authorize these officers to be ap-
pointed temporarily for servicc during the war.
This amendment, as it now stands, leaves these
officers in appointment with uncertainty, as the
Senatorfrom New Hampshire says, whether their
appointmentis permanent or not. Indeed, the con-
struction favorable to their existence, they having
been appointed, would rather be to establish these
officers thus indirectly. I think this amendment
should be more definite. If the law is repealed,
these temporary officers would go out of employ-
ment. If it is thought that they should still be
retained for some time, there may be a time lim-
ited at which their office shall terminate. If this
law is not repealed, that should be done if this
amendment is adopted, because there should be
some end of this matter fixed by law, such as a
proviso that all the appointments made under the
act should terminate on the 1st day of July next.
Mr. HALE. That would be a very wise pro-
vision;
, Mr. GRIMES. Tliey all terminate now on the
restoration of internal peace in the country, and
they hold their offices at the will of the President.
It seems to me, all we have got to do is to adopt
the amendment and put on a proviso that it shall
not apply to appointments already made, butshall
restrict the President to the appointment of con-
suls whe>e the consulships have been specially
provided for by law. That is my purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will lead a section that I
have hastily piepared as a substitute:
" And be it further cnaUcdy That the term of office of all
consuls heietofore appointedunderthe aetof Angu>t2,1861,
shall expire with the expiration of the next fiscal year, and
all consuls whose compensation has been increased by that
acfe shall, after the 1st day of July, 1863, reccive only the
compeiwitton piovldod by law in force before the passage
of said act, and the said act is heieby lepealcd.
1 think that will be more specific, so that this
appropriation will be the last, appropriation for
these officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes that as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is voted on,
I am drafting an amendment myself, which I shall
have ready in n few moments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator desire time to prepare his amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. While the Senator from
Maine is drawing his amendment, I wish lo call
the attention of the Senate tu a. veiy remarkable
evidence of hasty legislation at the last session of
Congress. My attention was called to it at this
session by a complaint made by the Senator from
Maine, that the Secretary of War had authorized
the raising of from sixty to eighty regiments of
cavalry. I believed that it was unauthorized by
law, and that it was an act totally indefensible;
but on looking at the laws of the last session—
many of which were passed very hastily—I found
that they distinctly autbonzed the uusing and
equipment of one million men. By the act of July
£3, 1861, it, is provided:
<• That the President In;, and he hereby, authorized to
aeccpf the servicc< of volunteer, either a^avnli v, nilantns
orainlleiy, in such numbers, not exceeding live bundled
thousand, as he maydecin necessary foi repelling invasion,
suppressing m&unoetion, enioreing Hie laws, and pieseiv-
uig and protecting the public piopeity."
That is a distinct law, and provides for the or-
ganization of that foice; but there was a subse-
quent law passed on the 25th of July, 1861, the
fust section of which is as follows:
'•That the President of the United States be, and lie is
hereby, authorized to aecopt the boivjccs of volunteers,
either as cavalry, infantry, or .uttUery, in such numbcta as
the exigencies of the public set vice may m ins opinion de-
mand, to be organized as authored by the act of Jnh 22,
1861 : Provided^ That the number of tioops hereby author-
ized shall not e\eecd five bundled thousand.*'
Thus, by the act of July 22, we authorized the
raising of half a million of men, and by the act of
July 25 we authorized the organization and cquip-
mentof another half million of men. We ought,
therefore, when complaining of the action of ex-
ecutive officers, sometimes to remember that we
make great mistakes ourselves; because I do not
believe it was the intention of any member of this
body to authorize the employment of over half a
million of men.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Ohio calls
our attention to a mistake made, he says, at the
last session ot Congiess. I thmk thewoidsused
in the act may be construed to mean that we au-
thorized an additional five hundred thousand men,
but I will say to the Senator that when that bill
was introduced here, the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] in order to prevent it from in-
creasing the force, suggested the amendment to
me, and that provision, instead of authorizing the
raising of live hundred thousand men, was put
there to prevent the raising of more than the five
hundred thousand men authorized by the provis-
ions of the act of the 22d of July.
That was the object of it, and the Administra-
tion knew that this amendment was moved by
me at the suggestion of the Senator from Maine,
to prevent an increase of the force authorized by
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My recollection docs not
serve me exactly as to how far I had any agency
m it; butl recollect distinctly calling the attention
of the Senator who offered the bill to the matter
by asking him the question, whether or not it
would have that effect; and he, according to my
recollection, said it did not, and would so fix it at
any late that it should not. I do not think 1 drafted
the amendment at all.
Mr. WILSON. I have sent for the book.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It maybe so; I cannot
toll; but my motive was good, at any rate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
unless lie accepts the amendment proposed as a
substitute by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I have drawn up an amend-
ment which, I think, will cover the wholeground.
It is to add at the end of the proviso, in the first
section, the following 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator offer this as an amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is accepted by the Sen-
ator from Iowa as a part of his amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after the words 4418o6," in line one hundred and
five of the fin t scction, the words:
And provided further, That no appointments of consuls
shall lieicattcr be made under the act of August 2, 18GI,
except to the place?- herein mentioned.
So that the clause will read:
Provided, That, all consular officers whose respective sal-
aries exceed .$1,000 pei annum shall be subject to the pro-
visions of the filtii beetion of the act to legul.itc the diplo-
matic and consular «?y^teni of the.TImted States, approved
August 18, 1^5(5: Jlnd provided finther, That no appoint-
ments of consuls shall heiealfer be made under the act of
August 2,1861, cxccpt to the places heieiu mentioned,
which shall be included in schedule 13 of the list of salaried
consulate?.
Mr. HALE. The Secretary spoke so much
lower than several gentlemen around me that I did
not hoar a word of "that amendment, and I should
be obliged to the Senatorfrom Maine if he would
explain it. I should like to vote understandingly
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a simple provision
that no further appointments shall be made under
the act.
Air HALE. What, does it do with those
already appointed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It leaves them as they
are. It does not stiike them out, of course. We
have just provided for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, I understand, is an
addition to the proposition already pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand that
the modification 1 offered as a separate section has
been adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. This is a sub-
stitute which was accepted by the Senator from
Iowa for his amendment, it is a proviso that no
further appointments shall bo made except to
places aheady provided.
Mr. SH ERMAN. Then what becomes of those
already appointed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itleaveslhemjustasthey
are under the act—to terminate at the end of the
war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a modification to
provide that the salaries of the consuls whose com-
pensation has been changed by the act of the Sec-
retary, shall be reduced to their old rate after the
period stipulated. I think that ought to be done.
Otherwise it amounts to a permanent increase of
the salaries of all these officers whose salaries have
been raised by the Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not.
Mr. GRIMES. Only during the insurrection.
The law gives the President power—
"To appoint consuls at any foreign ports where he shall
deem it advisable for the purpose of preventing piracy, with
such compensation, not exceeding $1,500 pei annum, an lie
shall think pioper, to hold their offices, respectively, during
the pleasure of the President; and in every case such com-
pensation to cease with the restoration of internal peace
within the United States; and the President may, during
the present insuirection, increase the compensation of any
consuls in foreign pons, if he shall deem it necessary ; so
as not, however, to exceed the sum ot $1,500 in any ease;
but this power shall cease with the reestablishment of in-
ternal peace, as aloresaid."
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not sure that that
reaches the point. It does not reduce the com-
pensation of those that have been increased during
the insurrection. That will be a permanent in-
crease to the salaries of all these officers. I think
that ought not to.be done.
Mr. CLARK. Only until peace is restored; and
then, by force of the act, they will be reduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the way I un-
derstand it; but I will not offer an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to spend much
time on this subject, and, perhaps, I will let the
whole thing go; but my impression is that that law
is altogether wron£, and the pretense—for it was
but a pretense—that we wanted more consuls
abroad during this insurrection than we had be-
fore, in my humble judgment, was unfounded.
We had less occasion for consuls abroad during
the insurrection than we had before, because we
had less commerce, very much less. The idea of
connecting the consular service with the rebellion,
it seems to me, was a mere pretense, an excuse for
increasing the corps of officers. Thatis my humble
judgment of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator does not
object, of course I shall not say anything on the
subject; but he is mistaken about it. I think it
very likely that consuls maykave been appointed
in some places where they could have been as well
omitted; but I think the majority of them should
have been appointed.
Mr. HALE. Well, let it go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio is
entirely right about this matter. This increased
compensation would be permanent. The law
merely provides that the power to increase the
compensation shall cease with the reestablishment
of internal peace; that the President shall not go
on increasing the compensation after that time;
but it does not provide at all that the compensa-
tion of the consuls which has been increased shall
be taken away. That increase will remain pei-
manent; and if it is desirable, or if it be the in-
tention of the Senate, to revert to the salaries as
they existed before the passage of this act of
AugustS, 1861, a further amendment is undoubt-
edly necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this matter is to be at
all argued or pushed any further, I shall have
something to say upon it, and should like to have
a long communication which I have here in my
hand from the Secretary of State on that subject,
read. The simple exposition of the whole matter
is this: the Government has found by experience
that it is very much better to have consuls with a
salary than to lot them depend on fees in many
of these places, and therefore to prevent their doing
any other business except the services to be ren-
dered to the Government itself, they have in some
cases changed the policy in that particular. I think
myself the change is a good one.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is m order, I should like
to amend the amendment which has been made
by the Senatoi ftum Maine.
U now reads:
//?otided fuiihci, That no appointment of consuls)
shall hereafter be made undei the act of August 2,1861, ex-
cept to the places herein mentioned.
I want to have it read:
Jlnd provided further. That no appointment of consuls
shall heieattei be made, nor the compensation of cohmiIs
raided, un^er the act of August 2. ISO I, cxcept to the {daces
herein mentioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that. Thatis carrying out the original amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa, to insert the words, " nor the compen-
sation of consuls raised."
The amendment was agieed to.
