2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if you show me
that the tax which it is proposed to place upon the
article of cotton is actually to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States out of the purses
of those who work up cotton, who manufacture
it, then, of course, this tax cannot be defended.
If you show me that the three per cent, on all
manufactured articles, or almost all—three per
cent, is the least sum—is to come out of the treas-
uries of the manufacturing corporations, that can-
not be defended; they cannot pay it. Weallknow
that. We know that we should have a domestic
revolution of our own up here if there had been
any idea that this money was to come out of them.
They are not to pay it at all. But we want some
money, a good deal of it, and the simple question
is, upon what sources can we best and most read-
ily and conveniently and justly levy this amount?
1 suppose the one object which can best afford to
pay a tax is property, and that kind of property
which yields an annual income. That is the
kind which can best afford to pay it, and the arti-
cle that can next best afford to pay it is that prop-
erty which does not yield an annual income, does
not pay interest, but accumulates in value, rising
in price from year to year. We propose, there-
fore, to raise a portion of this revenue by assess-
ing it directly upon the income or profits derived
either from property or labor or anything else.
Rut a large portion of this revenue we propose to
get from very different sources. We have found
that there is an article, two of them, of which peo-
ple are very fond. They consume a great deal of
them; the appetite for them is strong, and very
general. One is tobacco and one is liquor of dif-
ferent kinds. So it is proposed to put a very heavy
tax upon both of these articles, not because we
expect that the men who manufactuie tobacco
and the moil wiio manufactuie liquor are going to
pay this sum. Of course they are not, they can-
not do it; we expect it to come from the funds of
those who use the articles.
Wo have found m some portions of the coun-
try mountains which yield coal. We propose
to put a tax upon it, and nobody objects to a tax
being- placed on that. The men who produce it
dp not, ami yet they do not expect topayit; they
simply advance it to the Government, In those
districts we find an oil produce. The men who
raise coal, and the men who produce oil, are not
necessarily wealthy or rich. It does not follow,
it is not the fact, that they have vast resources out
of which they can afford to pay heavy sums to
the Government of the United States. They have
no special interest in the maintenance of this Gov-
ernment; they have no more at slake than other
men have; they propose to advance this money
because they have got an article which the world
must have, and will take of them, and pay back
not only the cost of producing it, but the tax
which they advance upon it to the Government.
So we propose to put a tax on these two arti-
cles.
And there is another article. Down here on
the Gruif of Moxico is a little belt of country in
winch is produced the article of cotton. It is a
monopoly; it defies the competition of the world;
it feels wholly independent „f „|| legislation, of
all competition. Those who own that country,
those who cultivate this article, are rich; the prod-
uct itself ik enormously pioiitable, and the mo-
nopoly is so complete that you have heart! repie-
sentatives from that district stand on this lloor
and toll you in so many winds that that article
was king, that it ruled not meiely this country,
but that it ruled the cmlized world, that it ruled
the industrial world. They told you so over and
over again; they told you that ni the name and
by the authority of that one article they defied
your Government, defied your laws. I am not
speaking of these things now by way of inflaming
any excitement or resentment against those who
produce tins article. I am repeating them to
show you what the article is.
They do not say of it, as cultivators of wheat
and of corn say, that it is not remunerative, that
it is an impoverishing business, that those who I
are engaged m it are poor and cannot afford to pay
taxes t hey tell you none of these things. They I
you' fs"-great many manufactureis !
afford t ,yo"a? w. tel1 y0U' that they ca, 1(l£
affo.d to pay a tax because they have not a mo-
nopoly of the business, because others arc carry-
ing on the same business, and will compete with
them, and so they cannot find a market for their
goods. The men who produce cotton tell you
none of these things. They tell you they have a
perfect monopoly, thatitcannot be produced any-
where else; and they admit that it isavery profit-
able business, that it is highly remunerative, that
it is more remunerative than any other business.
They tell you that by it and through it they are en-
abled to control the legislation of this country, and
to control the policies of all countries. And when
it is proposed to put a small tax on this enormous
monopoly, we find from New England, among the
most patriotic, among the most philanthrophie
men the world has produced, representatives that
stand up here and protest against the imposition
of the tax. Why? Because they cannot affoid
to pay it? Because they are weak? Cannot they
as well afford to pay it,"if it fall upon them, as the
producers of coal, as the producers of oil? It is
not for any of these reasons; but the assumption
seems to be made that, if this specific tax is im-
posed, the producers of this article will turn around
and charge it right over to the manufacturers of
the article, and it will be lost to the manufacturers.
We say to the manufacturer, " pay us three per
cent, on the value of everything you make." They
do not grumble about it. W hy ? Because they
say they can charge that over to their customers,
to the consumers, and get it back; but when we
say that those men who raise cotton shall pay a
cent on the pound, the manufacturer of the article
objects-—-
Mr. ANTHONY. It is six per cent, more on
us.
Mr. HOWE. The percentage is said to be
larger. The principle is the same.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is six percent, additional.
Mr. HOWE. It is said to be additional; but I
say the principle is the same. They admit that
they are not to be injured by the imposition of
three per cent, on their own work, but they say
you must not put six per cent, on the work of
men in another part of the country. That which
they pay directly into the Treasury they say does
not hurt them; but that which is paid into the
Ireasury by men they never saw, tliey somehow
are made to believe, or at least they seem to ar-
gue, is going to ruin them. There must be some
fallacy m one of these aiguineuty. Either we are
very wrong in arguing that the tlnee per cent,
which the manufacturer pays directly into the
Treasury is ever going to be collected by him, or
tlie representatives of this interest are very wrono*
in assuming that the tax which cotton pays is
going to be charged over to the manufacturer of
cotton.^ If it were charged over to the manufac-
turer of cotton, what is'the difficulty in the way
of adding that to the cost of the goods, and charg-
ing it to the consumer, more than in any other
case' Admitting the assumption to be correct
which is urged here, that the plantei will charge
tlie tax to the product, and collect it of his cus-
tomers, what then > You have got so much money
to raise. I put it to the representatives of the
mauulactui mg distiicts if they would not as lief
contribute their quota on cotton as on anything
else. It the fact be so, if the operation be as it is
assumed, the maiuifa mrers of New England do
not pay tin* whole tax; their proportion is only
the just proportion which the amount they work
up beais to the whole pioduct. liven then it
would be the aiticle upon which a tax ought fust
to ho laul. ] hope no representative here assumes
or feels that I would for a moment advocate the
imposition of a tax like this if it. were a burden
measured by the sum imposed upon the manu-
facturing interests of the country.
I do not claim to represent a manufacturing
interest, but I claim that my constituents are as
vitally, if not as dnectly, interested in the man-
ufactures ofthis country as the populations which
immediately surround your own manufacturing
| towns. They are alike interested. Theagricultural
| interest of the country is languishing because the
1 manufacturing for this country is not more ex-
clusively done within the c.onutry, because it is
J not sufficiently protected. W\' are buying from
j abroad someninety millions of dollars per annum
| of the manufactures of our great staples—cotton,
wool, and iron. 1 tlunk that was the amount pur-
j chased abroad m 1858. It varies in different years.
' The agriculture of the country pays for that in
corn and wheat, which are taken to England and
consumed by those who make the goods. We
sell corn for about ten to fifteen cents a bushel,
and wheat from fifty to sixty cents a bushel, and
they go to England, enter into the manufacture of
these goods, and we buy them back ata price four
or five fold that which we get for them, and we
are paying commission upon commission, profit
upon profit, and freight upon freight, all the way
from Illinois to Liverpool and Manchester and
back again. I tlunk the Senate will believe that
I am not the man to stand up here and strike at
the manufacturing interest. When that is crip-
pled, we are lame, every one of us; but I do not
beheve this measure will cripple that interest. If
it can be shown that it will, there is an end of my
advocacy of the tax.
Mr. CLARK. I have heard no one contend
here, as seems to be supposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin, that all this tax was to fall upon
the manufacturer. I agree that a portion of it goes
into the goods, and those who buy the goods will
have to pay a portion of the tax or the manufac-
turer of the goods has got to stop; one of the two.
The Senator from Wisconsin or his people must
pay a portion of this tax for their bags, or they
cannot have them, because they will not be made.
But I ask the Senator's attention to the fact that
as he says you propose to tax coal, and piopose
to tax oil, you propose by your bill also to tax
gas, and now you propose to tax cotton. Every
one of these items goes into the manufacture of
cotton goods. You tax them on this, you tax
them on that, and again on that, and again on
this. You pile up one thing upon another on
tlie manufacturer so that you make it very oner-
ous and very heavy. Now I am willing that cot-
ton shall be taxed to some extent. I am not, as
the Senator supposes, opposing any taxation. I
do not care either where you lay the tax, whether
upon the manufactured article or upon the cotton
itself. I would a little rather that you should lay
it upon the cotton instead of upon the manufac-
tured article, if you choose; but what I object to
is to laying it so heavily oil both ends that you
break the manufacturer down. I do not under-
stand the Senator from Wisconsin to be opposed
to, or to be an enemy of the manufacturers or to
design to break them down. I take him to be fair
and candid, and I trust lie will takeme to be candid
about this matter and to be willing to bear our fair
propoition. We design to raise some money.
Now I suggest to the Senator fiom Wisconsin,
and 1 suggest to the Senator from Michigan, that
we take an ad valorem tax equal to five per cent.,
or take, if you please, one half cent a pound.
That will give you a revenue of §8,000,000 if you
collect it all, and then make a deduction equal to
that on the manufactured goods, and we can bear
it and go along, and we can pay our tax on the
coal, oil the oil, on the gas, and everything that
goes into the production'.
I know, as the Senator from "Wisconsin says,
that the agricultural mteiest is languishing; but
I beg that Senator to remember that yesterday,
msteadof imposing an additionalburdenon them,
we repealed the diiect tax on their land, to relieve
the people of ail his section more than of any
other section of the country. We thought it would
be hard on their lands to compel them to pay that
direct tax; and wo repealed the act. Do we tax
their wheat; do we tax their flour? They are all
free. "Vou say it is an aiticle of consumption.
So is cotton an article of consumption. Now, I
be« of the Senator fi otu Wisconsin, while we are
willing to make the burdens light for h.in as we
possibly can, that he will not endeavor—I know
he does not mean to do it—to put on us burdens
greater than we ought to bear. If cotton is a
monopoly, as you say and I agree, if you desire
to begin at this time to tax cotton—in some re-
spects it is a good time to begin, and in others it
is not a good time to begin—put upon it five per
cent. «d valorem, and that, with your thiee per
cent, on the manufactured article, will make eight
per cent, m gross. Then deduct a half cent for
every pound that goes into tile manufacture, and
that will be only a half cent for ten yard? in some
cases, hive per cent, upon the crop raised would
come to just the same as half a cent a pound, pro-
vided it was collected equally. Specific duties are
collected more e&.siiy than ad valorem duties, and
with more exactness; butthea;/ valorem duty hears
much more fairly, because th^n you tax tlie differ-
ent grades ot cotton alike. You tax the ordinary
grade, say at six or six and seven eighth cents,
