1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MIS
should be imposed on that most wealthy section
of the country. Under the operation of the con-
stitutional provision by which the direct tax is
apportioned, not in proportion to the value of the
property, but to the number of the population, the
tax falls heavily on the West and lightly on the
East. According to the direct apportionment,
property in Illinois pays at the rate of something
like six mills on the dollar, whereas in Rhode
Island, which is wealthy but not so populous—
her citizens having emigrated largely to the West
—property only pays two mills on its valuation.
If, then, the imposing of this tax on cotton will
operate to derive from that most wealthy section
of the Union some additional portion of the pub-
lic revenues, it will be but fair and just.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Mr. Chair-
man, in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, I
will ask him to turn his eye a section or two fur-
ther on in the bill, and he will find that, by its
provisions, manufacturers are taxed three per
cent, on the full amount of their productions. Now,
if he will take the census returns for 1860, and
will sit down and make a calculation of the
amount which Rhode Island will have to pay to
the Federal Government in taxes, I think he will
be quite satisfied that she docs her whole duty
in the matter of taxes as well as in that of sol-
diers.
Mr. ARNOLD. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Yes.
Mi. ARNOLD. We all agree that Rhode
Island is doing her whole duty nobly in the field,
from her Governor down—paiticularly her Gov-
ernor.
Mr. COX. And General Burnside.
Mr. ARNOLD. I trust that the men of Rhode
Island and those that are fighting in the valley of
the Mississippi and elsewhere will speedily put
down the cause of this vast expenditure. But I
think my fuciid from Rhode Island does not state
the case fairly in claiming that this tax bill will
fall onemusly on the East. Look at the tax on dis-
tilled spirits. According to an estimate which I be-
lieve leliablc theie are distilled of the corn grown
in the Slate of Illinois ten millions of bushels a
year, yieldmg:a revenue under the provisions of
this bill of nearly ten millions of dollars. That
tax falls very severely on that new, populous, but
as yet comparatively poor State. There is accu-
mulated capital in Rhode Island and in New Eng-
land generally which can betteralford to pay taxes
than the new States can. I therefore hope that
my friend from Rhode Island will not seek to evade
the burden which this amendment may impose
upon his section. Three fourths of the cotton
goes abroad; much of it goes to England, and we
should not regret to see England compelled, by the
operation of this amendment, to pay so much
higher for cotton than she has been accustomed
to pay heretofore.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. My object in
opposing the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] and the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Kellogg,] is that
England and all other foreign countries that have
interfered against us in this rebellion may have to
bear a portion of the expenses of this war, and
that we may, at the same time and by the same
act, protect the manufacturers of this country by
a better tariff than has ever yet been devised. If
the Representatives from Illinois, or if the people
of the country, will so provide as that we can lay
an export tax on this or any other article, no
tanllcan be devised which would so protect the
manufacturers of the country as that method.
Impose three cents export duty on every pound
of cotton and there never will be another yard of
cotton cloth imported into this country. But the
more you raise the price of the raw material by a
uniform tax upon cotton, the more you discrimi-
nate against your own manufacturers. When cot-
ton is fourteen cents a pound at the North it can-
not be manufactured comparatively so cheaply as
when it is but ten cents per pound. The labor
being so much cheaper in England, the increased
cost of the cotton operates in favor of the English
manufacturers and against our own. For that
reason, and in the hope that another and better
system of taxing cotton will be devised, I oppose
this amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move the gentle-
man from Rhode Island be allowed to proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Now, one
word in reply to thegentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Arnold] as to the taxes of the New England
States. One of the great objections, Mr. Speaker,
which I have to this bill is, that its burden falls
almost entirely on the older States of the Union.
The States that are in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, the States that have caused all this enor-
mous expenditure, go comparatively scot free
under this bill. The States that have caused this
war arc, under the very provisions of the bill,
almost entirely exempt from taxation. It is
within my memory that the State government of
our little State cost only about forty thousand
dollars a year to administer it, whereas under
the provisions of this bill wc are bound to pay
$2,000,000 a year towards the revenue of the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand, Mr. Chair-
man, that the gentleman is in favor of confiscating
the property of rebels in order to make them help
to bear the burdens of the war?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I do not pro-
pose to introduce the nigger question on this floor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 did not say a word about
niggers. I spoke only of confiscating the prop-
erty of rebels.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Thegentle-
man objected the other day to the introduction of
that subject, and I do not propose just now to be
instrumental in introducing it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 beg the gentleman's par-
don; it is he that is introducing it now. I asked
him whether he was in favor of confiscating the
property of these rebels to pay the expenses of
the war? I did not say a word about mggeis.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I raise the
point of order that the gentleman from Rhode
island has a right to proceed without interruption.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then, the gentleman ought
not to misrepresent what I stated.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Mr. Chair-
man, you may take many a little manufacturing
establishment in the State of Rhode Island, and
find that its annual profits to the operator do not
reach the amount of taxes that will be levied on
it under this bill. When you come to put on the
other additional taxes, this tax on cotton, the tax
on gas, the tax on stamps, the tax on all the busi-
ness it does, the operator will have to close his
establishment. Business will be suspended, the
Government will lose its revenue, and the com-
munity will lose its prosperity. That is an in-
evitable consequence. Gentleman say that this
tax is to be paid mainly by the consumer. That
is not so. It happens many a time that the price
of an article is going down in the market while
the price of the raw material from which it is pro-
duced is going up. As a general principle, the
proposition is "true. Butwhere the tax is imposed
as m this bill, it is always divided more or less
equally between the manufacturer and the con-
sumer. In the present condition of business,
manufacturers could not stand up under this bill.
They would be certainly compelled to succumb
to this additional weight. There are very few mills
now running more than quarter time. They are
kept running just to give their operatives a means
of subsistence, in hopes of more prosperous times.
If you add to their burdens those which you pro-
pose to add under this bill, the result will be that
the manufacturing business of the country will be
prostrated. The best plan will be to collect ex-
port duties, so as to make those countries of the
Old World which ha\e nursed and fed this rebel-
lion pay their share of the expense of putting it
down, and pay the entiie expenses of the Govern-
ment m time of peace.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to reduce
the tax one cent per pound, simply for the pur-
pose of adding another word, and then, so far as
I am concerned, I leave the subject to the com-
mittee. I do not propose to discuss the subject
dwelt pai ticularly upon by the gentleman from
Rhode Island; but I will say this: if Congress
should reduce the tariff on a manufactured articles
fi oni thirty to fifteen per cent., which we, of course,
have a perfect right to do, we might obtain a much
largerrevenue for a time—though I admit it would
be a suicidal policy to pursue, and will not be done,
so far as my vote is concerned—the manufacturer
would prefer to have the tax placed upon him di-
rectly to having such a course pursued, for cer- .
tainly, unless the consumer pays the increased V
price, our whole theory has been wrong. The /
profit of the manufacturer depends much more
upon whether there is or is not competition than
upon the price which he pays for his raw material; -
and unless there is a glut in the market, the con- /
sumer pays the price whether it be high or JoWj/
But in relation to cotton, there is a single kincl
grown—the sea island—in the supply of which this
country retains the monopoly. Upon that I admit
wc might, so far as the policy is concerned, im-
pose a duty and not interfere with its production.
But I merely rise to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the plain provision of the Constitution
upon this question of export duty. The Consti-
tution says, " no tax or duty shall be laid on arti-
cles exported from any State." Now, I would like
to know how you are to get over so plain a pro-
vision of the Constitution as that? Certainly this
is either a duty or a tax; and if it is either one or
the other, there is the Constitution prohibiting you
from taking a step in that direction. This pro-
vision, it is well known, was inserted in the Con-
stitution to prevent an export duty on cotton.
What we cannot do directly ought not to be done
indirectly. In effect, any internal duty on cotton,
with no allowance or drawback on its exportation,
appears to me simply an evasion of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. DELANO. I would like to know, then,
of the gentleman, upon what principle he pro-
poses to lay a duty upon tobacco raised for ex-
portation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So far as I am
concerned, I intend to abandon the idea of levying
a duty on tobacco without allowing a drawback
on exports.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. We are ad-
monished by the Committee of Ways and Means
that this is a very important matter, and that wc
should not consider it now. 1 do not belicvt* it is
any more important than any other articlc upon
which it is proposed to lay a tax, and I care but
little for the admonition coming from that or any
other committee. We have already had two lec-
tures to-day from the Committee of Ways and
Means in regard to our duty in not interfering
with the principle or provisions of this bill; and
they may fall with a great deal of weight upon
the ears of some gentlemen, but I confess they
affect me but little.
It has also been said by one gentleman that this
proposition is unconstitutional. Yes, sir; they
have been driven at last round to the Constitution
to find a shelter under which to shield a few cot-
ton manufacturers. The Constitution provides
that no export duty or tax shall be laid or col-
lected. That, sir, is a requirement that no tax
shall be levied upon an article intended to be ex-
ported, upon condition of its exportation. That
is an export tax, and nothing else is. This is a
proposition to lay a tax upon an article to the en-
tire extent of its production, without reference to
whether it is to be used in the country or ex-
ported, and will the gentleman tell me that it is
unconstitutional ? I think no gentleman will main-
tain that proposition.
I have not much time to argue this question of
constitutionality;but I do assume that the gentle-
man from Vermont, with ail his ability, has failed
utterly in his constitutional argument. I think he
did not believe it himself. I do not believe it, you
do not believe it, Mr. Chairman.
The next proposition is that it is invidious to
tax cotton. They are poor is one argument, and
they will come to us for charity. Ay, sir, they
will come to us for forgiveness when the halter is
about their necks,and I am afraid not before. In-
vidious to tax cotton in the southern States ! If it
is, I will not vote for it. But let us test this ques-
tion of invidiousness upon cotton. In the border
slave States, where the great article of produce
is tobacco, and where this wicked rebellion has
burned and scorched the very soil, where loyal
men are struggling to sustain themselves and to
sustain the Government, where they arc yet with
all their power clinging and hanging to the Union,
this Committee of Ways and Means, who think
it is invidious to tax cotton, have laid a tax upon
