1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23T3.
equally with that at twelve-cents and that at twen-
ty-five cents. You see that under the bill sea island
cotton escapes with a very light duty in propor-
tion to the rest, fixing1 it at one cent a pound.
When it is worth two .shillings a pound, tha tax
on it is very light compared with that on the or-
dinary cotton which is worth six or eight cents,
I suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin, as a
member of the Finance Committee, if it ought
not to be better adjusted than it is now.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been very
strongly arrested by the debate to-day, and I very
much approve of its spirit and its tenor. I am s;lad
to see gentlemen quitting visionary subjects, [Mr.
Clark. Do not lug them in,] and coming to
questions of legitimate political economy; and
especially I am glad that the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts have shown a disposition to come to
such legitimate ground of legislation. Mr. Presi-
dent, demand and supply is the great law which
regulates prices. There is no mistake about that;
and in a country which is highly manufacturing
—and portions of our country are so, and I wish
it were greatly more so—there arc two various sub-
jects of property that should be taxed with very
great care. The ono is the general material which
enters into the subsistence and support of man, and
the other the substances that constitute the raw ma-
terial for manufactures. It is the highest, and as I
believe the most difficult statesmanship to adjust
a system that requires a large amount of revenue,
to bear equally, justly, and wisely upon these two
general subjects; and that is the measure of states-
manship that is now devolving on the American
Congress.
I have always been a friend to American man-
ufactures, and I wish that a much larger propor-
tion of the manufactured articles which enter into
the consumption of our people were manufac-
tured in the United States than are at present, and
forreasons so obvious that they will suggest them-
selves to every gentleman, and which the Senator
from Wisconsin adverted to m a very few forcible
words. In proportion as you bring the producer
and consumer near together, and remove inter-
mediaties in the exchange of their articles, you
cheapen the cost of that which is necessary for
both. When the manufacturer is in Europe, and
he sells to the exporter, and the exporter brings
to this country and sells here, there are various
transhipments and changes of the property.
There are many intermediaries, and all of them
must have their profits, and al! add to the cost of
the article to the consumer, who eventually pays
the aggregated cost of the article to every one who
has o wned it in any of its previous interchanges.
In propoilion as you increase distance, and the
number of persons engaged in these exchanges,
you increase, of course, the cost to the consumer.
As you diminish distance, and lessen the number
of those who are engaged in making the exchanges
you diminish the cost to the consumer. The man-
ufacturers would also become larger consumers
of articles produced by us whom they lived among
than where they resided in distant countries.
For these plain reasons 1 would greatly prefer
that the producers for our countrymen were at
home instead of 111 Eutope;and therefore, accord-
ing to the little influence I have had in my life, I
have always been a sinceie, thorough fneud of
the manufacturer of the United States. I conceive
that it is sound political economy that the cost of
subsistence and support shall not be taxed, unless
it be essential for the purposes of the Government
and to raise the necessary amount of revenue, that
the substances which afford it shall bear this bur-
den. Thatis the presentcondition of the country.
I hold that it is equally true, as a general princi-
ple, where the condition of a country will allow
the application of the principle, that the raw ma-
terial which enters into manufactured articles shall
not be taxed; but a country may have such ne-
cessities for revenue, beyond the other sources,
as to make it indispensably necessary to impose
a part of the burden of taxation upon this latter
class of subjects also, and the imperative demand
of our country for enormous pecuniary means
requires us to impose upon many items of both
heavy rates. •
There is one thing of essential importance to
our cotton manufacturers, that is, that they shall
have the raw material so cheap as to enable them
to manufacture and make a fair profit. Now, what
regulates the price of raw cotton? The general
law of price, production and consumption, supply
and demand. What is the present supply, for the
year that hasjust passed, of raw cotton in the Uni-
ted States? Myfriend to the right [Mr. Simmons]
tells me it is about five millions of bags. For the
last six or eight years the quantity of cotton pro-
duced in the United States has been something in
the neighborhood of four millions of bags annu-
ally, a few more or a few less. If the crop of the
past year amounts to five millions of bags, it is
considerably larger than any previous crop, ac-
cording to my information. Itisa matter ofgreat
interest and moment to the cotton manufacturers
of the world, of my own country, and of all other
countries, that the large production of the raw ma-
terial should be continual, that it should not be
greatly diminished, because if it is diminished you
have to increase prices, and you have to restrict
manufactures and consumption proportionably.
There is no escape from those conclusions.
The Senator from Massachusetts who last ad-
dressed the Senate, [Mr. Wilson,] expressed
himself in very strong and distinct terms in favor
of the largest amount of production of cotton in
the United States, and by our own planters; and
he deprecated the policy that has been sustained
in this Chamber, that the production of this ne-
cessary and essential article for the civilized world
should be shared and divided between the United
States and other countries. I have ventured my-
self to advocate the policy condemned by the Sen-
ator, and have expressed itas a suitable and sound
condition of things for our own country, in view
of what has been the existing condition for the
last few years; and why? I thought that the cot-
ton-producing interest was becoming too wealthy,
that it was assuming too much the condition of a
monopoly, that it had acquired too much power,
had become proud, ambitious, overweening, and
discontented, was forming revolutionary projects,
and was to some considerable extent incompat-
ible with the peace and the continuance of the
Union, and that some considerable competition
would reduce its power and pretensions, and ren-
der our system more stable and tranquil. I am
still of that opinion. If that interest in the United
States would be subordinate to the Government,
suboidinate to the peace, happiness, and welfare
of the whole country, and perform its duties so-
cially and politically, I would greatly prefer, if
possible, that every pound of cotton that is re-
quired by the world should be produced by my
own country, and that my own countrymen should
have the remunerating re wards of that production.
So m relation to manufactures. If our country-
men could manufacture every article of consump-
tion for the people of the United States, and the
manufacturers were in proximity with the pro-
ducers of the raw material, and witli the consum-
ers of the manufactured article, and they did not
become too powerful, proud, and aspiring, but
would live harmoniously and fraternally with the
others, and all cooperate 111 the same broad, na-
tional policy, and would all admit and act upon
their loyalty and obedience to their country and
their Govei nment, it would be the very best and
happiest state of affairs possible for our country.
The last Senator fiom Massachusetts who spoke,
[Mr. Wilson,] particularly is endeavoring to
maintain two conflicting and contradicting theo-
ries; and 1 believe that the other Senator proba-
bly occupies the same giound. Those theories
are, fust, the largest amount of production of raw
cotton in the United States, and secondly, and at
the same time, to manumit all the slaves of cotton
growers who make the cotton.
Mi. SUMNER. I do: I accept that.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the gentleman is n
visiomst; he is not a political economist, accord-
ing to my judgment. 1 hold that there is no truth
which is better established by fact and by experi-
ence, that is more frequently tested and proved in
every cotton-growing region on God's earth, than
that voluntary labor never has produced, and never
will produce cotton to any large extent. Sir, I
have some acquaintance with tile cotton-growing
section ol oui country. I was once engaged, to a
limited extent, m a plantation, and I have been
m portions of the cotton region. I am not in-
formed accurately of the amount of cotton lands
that have been brought into cultivation, and those
that are yet in a state of nature which will admit
of cultivation; but I have no idea that there are
more than one third of the cotton lands in the Uni-
ted States that have yet been cultivated. There,
are fully two thirds still in a perfectly natural state,
the forest almost unbroken upon them. This re-
bellion, and the folly and crime of the rebels have,
so disordered their institution, as they call it—sla-
very, the sole labor which makes cotton—that,in
the next ten years, there will never be under any
condition to which that portion of the country
can be brought, anything like the amount of Ave
millions of bags raised in a year.
And if the slaves were liberated, if the theory
of the gentlemen from Massachusetts and other
Senators were carried into operation, I believe as
certainly as I believe that I am now addressing
the Senate of the United States, that there would
not be one fifth as much cotton raised in any year
in the next five years, as has been raised, accord-
ing to the estimate of the Senator from Rhode
Island, for the past year. I do not believe that
the man lives, that the child lives, who will ever
see, after the universal emancipation of the slaves,
under any state of labor, or of case, or of appli-
cation of labor, either the labor of men or of
machinery, that the production of cotton in the
United States will reach one half of five millions
of bags. It is a great industrial interest, one that
permeates the United States. There is not a labor-
ing, producing man in our "whole country whose
jiroduct amounts to any surplus over his consump-
tion and that of his family, thatis not profited,
directly or indirectly,by the lewardsof the labor
of slaves in the cotton fields; and the wealth that
is garnered from those cotton fields and brought
from distantcountries, is more equally and largely
circulated and distributed over the United States
and the people thereof than is the case with any
other product of the country.
Mr. President, 1 was strongly inclined, and al-
most decided, to vote for the tax of one cent a
pound upon cotton. I admit that the arguments
of the Senator from New Hampshire, and of the
Senators from Massachusetts, have weakened my
conclusion on that point. I am rather inclined to
believe, under the lights that I have received from
their faets and their arguments, and from that of
myfriend from Rhode island, who is certainly, on
manufactures and the industrial interests o^the
country and political economy generally, one of
the wisest men 1 have ever met with, and I have
so regarded him for twenty years or more, I have
been so far shaken in my conclusions as to doubt,
seriously, whether the amount of taxation that
is proposed upon cotton is not too high for the
proper protection of the manufacturer. I do not
think that this charge and burden would fall upon
the cotton planter. He would shuffle it from his
shoulders to that of his first purchaser, and that
puichaser to the second, and so on until it would
come to the consumer; but it might be of such a
character as to reduce and restrict manufacturers
very essentially, and to cut up entirely some of
their foreign markets for coaise cotton fabrics;
and it might very essentially, too, interfere with
the subsistence and comfort of the manufacturer
here at home.
Sir, I am for protecting American labor. I honor
the American laborer; I do not care whether he
is in the field, the manufacturing establishment,
or the mechanic shop. The laboring men consti-
tute the true strength and glory of our country.
The wealth and power and resources of a nation
are to be measured by the amount of its produc-
tive industry. It is its productive industry that is
to carry this young giant nation from infancy to
manhood, and eventually to a maturity that will
eclipse all the nations that have preceded us; it
will bear us to that glorious destiny, if we just
preserve this Union, remain together in fraternity,
respect the Constitution in all its principles, and
the rights of each other, individually and section-
ally. I would to God that we could have here
again such men as Clay and Webster, the intel-
lectual Titans, who stood up as the champions of
American labor and of the American system, and
as the great defenders of the Union and Consti-
tution, guarding its portals with an intellectual
power that was resistless to the assaults of all
comers. I wish we could lure them from their
homes in the eternal world back here to perform
the same great work again.
I hope that this ray of light, of reason, of fra-
ternity that seems to be breaking upon the minds
of gentlemen from the North, will still increase
and increase until it sheds upon them the perfect
