1862.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tMr. STEVENS. By 110 means, I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope my colleague,
when he gets a chance, will move to suspend the
rules, and offer that as a separate and distinct
measure.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I will do so.
The question was put on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—ayes
S7, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
•ayes 55, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will now withdraw his demand for
the previous question, and allow a vote to be taken
on my amendment, if the House chooses to vote
it down, welt and good.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I will not withdraw
it. I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, when the fol-
lowing named members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Beaman, Francis
P. Blair, Jacob J3. Blair, William G. Brown, Buinham,
Campbell, Ch.unbeilm, Claik, Clements, Conway, Corn-
ing, Cutler. Delano, Delaplainp,Diven, Edgerton, English,
Fouke, Franchot, Granger, Gurley, flaidinar, Harrison,
Hickman, Horton, Johnson, Julian, William Kellogg, Kil-
linger, Lansing, Leary, McKean, Mitchell, Morris, Nixon,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Patton, Perry, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Price, Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Se-
?jar, Sheffield, Sloan, VallamJigham, Vandever, Van Val-
keriburgh. Van Wyck, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wadswortb,
Ward, Wheeler, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Woodiuff,
and Wright.
A quorum being now present,
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, all
further proceedings under the call were dispensed
with.
. The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The previous
^question will preclude a motion which I desire to
submit, and that is to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill till next session. I hope,
therefore, the House will not second the demand
for the previous question.
Messrs. Eliot and Lehman were appointed
tellers on the second.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was "then ordered to be put;
and being put, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
•accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 57, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Bingham, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Casey, Coltax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkl ing, Covode, Davis, Dueli, Eliot,
Fenton, Fisher, Frank, Gooihvm, Knight, Hale, Hanehett,
Hooper, Hutchins, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lehman,
LooiniSjLow. McPherson, Maynard, Moorhead, Anson f\
Morrill, Nixori, Noell, Odell, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,
•Pottei. Alexander H. Rice,John H.Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Sarqent, Sedgwick, Segar, Sheiman, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Stratton, Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Venee, Wall, Wallace, Washburne, and Albert S. White
—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldiich, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Ancona, Ashley, Bailv, Baxter, Biddle, George H.
Browne, Buffinton, Calvert, Cobb, Cox,Crittenden. Dawes,
Dunlap, Dunn, Echvaids, Ely, Fessenden, Gridcr, Hall,
Holman, Jackson, Julian, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,.
Lovejoy, McKnight, Mallory, Menzies, Justin S Morrill,
OJin, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Porter, Riddle, James S.
Rollins, Shanks, Shellabarger,Siuel, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Sieele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Th'omas, Walton, Wickhffe, Wilson, Window, Wood, and
Worcester—55.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll call,
Mr. WASHBURNE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Arnold, had left the House in consequence
of indisposition.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by wliich the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION IN THE STATES.
Mr. FISHER. I rise to a privileged question.
I ask to have taken from the Speaker's table a
message from the President.
There beingno ob jection, the message was taken
up, and read, as follows:
Fellow- Citizens ofthe Senate
and House of Representatives:
Herewith is the diaft of a bill to compensate any State
which may abolish slavery within its limits, the passage of
which, substantially as presented, I respectfully and earn-
estly recommend. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The draft of the bill was read. It proposes to
enact that whenever the President of the United
States shall be satisfied that any State shall have
lawfully abolished slavery within and throughout
such State,eitherimmediatelyorgraduallv,it shall
be the duty of the President, assisted by the Sec-
retary of the'Treasury, to prepare and deliver to
such State an amount of six per cent, interest-
bearing bonds of the United States, equal to the
aggregate value, at $ per head, of all the slaves
within such State as reported by the census of the
year 1860. This amount is to be delivered at once,
if the abolishment be immediate, or in equal an-
nual installments if it be gradual—interest to begin
running on each bond at the time of its delivery,
and not before.
The second section proposes to enact thatif any
State, having received any such bonds, shall, at
any time afterwards, by law, reintroduce or tol-
erate slavery within its limits contrary to the act
of abolishment on which such bonds shall have
been so received by said State, the bonds, no mat-
ter in whose hands they may be found, shall be
at once null and void; and such State shall refund
to the United States all interest that may have
been paid theieon.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move the refer-
ence of this message to the special committee on
emancipation, with leave to report at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the message was referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at the present time a
bill containing a single section, which has already
received the assent of the Senate by a very large
majority, and which, I doubt not, will meet with
a similar preponderance of sentiment in this
House. It is the bill reducing the rates of con-
gressional mileage.
The bill was read. It enacts that hereafter the
rate of mileage of members of Congress shall be
reduced fifty per cent., to be computed by the
most direct traveled route from their place of res-
idence to the seat of Congress. A statement of
the mileage of each Senator is to be certified to
the Secretary of the Senate, and of each Repre-
sentative and Delegate to the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives by the Post-
master General, within thirty days after the com-
mencement of the first session of each Congress,
provided that until a railroad be constructed to the
Pacific coast, the mileage of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from beyond the Rocky mountains
shall be computed by the usually traveled route.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the considera-
tion of this bill, and I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether he has notalrcady received mile-
age for this Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. This is precisely the section
which iscontainedin the Army appropriation bill.
I move to suspend the rules in order that I may
introduce the bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, Alley, Ancona,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Bingham, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake,' George H. Browne, William G, Brown,
Buffinton, Campbell, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn,
Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Fraivk,<3ooch,
Goodwin, Haight, Hale, Holman, Hutch Ins, Julian, Keiley,
W. Kellogg, Lazear, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight,
McPherson,Moorliead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill,
Nixon, Odell, Clin, Patton, Porter, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Shanks, Shellabargrr, Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Trim-
ble, Van Horn, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbunie, Web-
ster, Albei t S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Worcester—
75. '
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Calvert, Casey, Clem-
ents, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Dauiap, Ely,Grider, Hall,
Hooper, Jackson, William Kellogg, Knapp, Low, Mallory,
Maynard, Noell, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Timothy G.
Phelps, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, James S. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Segar, Sherman, Shiel, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, and WicklifFe— 33.
So (more than two thirds voting in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time,
Mr. WATTS. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me, that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I give way to the gentleman
from New Mexico to offer an amendment, but not
to make a speech.
Mr. WATTS. I offer the following amend-
ment;
Provided further, That such members of this House and
Delegates fiom the Territories as were not elected in time
to be present until after the extra session, and have drawn
but one mileage, shall not be included within the said re-
duction duriug the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. THOMAS-, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to yield to me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then I
hope the previous question will not be seconded.
The question was taken;and the House refused
to second the previous question.
Mr. ALDRICH. I offer the followingasasub-
stitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That all laws and parts of laws giving mileage to mem-
bers of Congress be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the previous
question on that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to make the motion.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. ALDRICH. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move the
following amendment to the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Minnesota:
And this provision shall apply to the present Congress,
and the mileage already received for the same.
Mr. ALDRICH. I no\v renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question is pending,
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn,
and stop this buncombe.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and refused.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the previous
question; and Messrs. Rice, of Maine, and An-
cona, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on Mr. Watts's amend-
ment,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mitchell
and Odell were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 24, noes 60; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE I move that the House
do now adjourn
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned
