1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
T!)p bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered t,o be engrossed, and the bill ordered to be
read the third time. It was read the third time, and
Pas,s,rii' ORDEK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up Senate
bill No. 89, in regard to the judicial circuits.
Mr. FOOT. I believe there was a privileged
question set apart for to-day, and that takes pre-
cedence of all other business. I supposed it "was
understood by the Senate that after the consular
biii was disposed of the Senate would proceed to
the consideration of the privileged question.
Mi. WADE. I will merely state that I obtained
the postponement of this bill the other day, and
I agreed that on Monday, to-day, f would call it
up again. It is important that the bill should be
acted upon with as little delay as it can be; and
thercfoie I am disposed to move to postpone all
other orders and take it up. 1 do not suppose it
will take Jong to dispose of it.
The V1CK PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone the special order for the
purpose of taking up t!i<  bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this motion will
not prevail, although I should like to accommo-
date the Senator from Ohio. 1 think this other
matter had better be disposed of now, and I can
see no reason why it should not be disposed of at
once.
Mr. WADE. I will state that there are now
eight States without any circuit judge, and they
can have none until this bill passes.
Mr. HALE. I can tell the Senator they are
better off than wc are that have got them, a good
deal better. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. We do not want to be better off
than New Hampshire*!
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes, nine.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EES3ENDEN. 1 merely wish to inquire
whether the Senator from Indiana has any par-
ticular wish about ibis subject, for I feel bound to
vote that tlmtqucstion shall come up, if lie desires
it to come up next. As that was my understand-
ing with him, if he desires it should be taken up
now m preference to other business, I will vote
to take it up.
Mr. BRIGHT. Of course I shall be glad to
have the thing disposed of. It is rather a delicate
matter for me to express an opinion about. I
defer to the wishes of the Senate. I suppose the
Senator fror^ Minnesota is anxious to speak on
it. I have no intimation as to the length of time
he may occupy. I do not know that I shall de-
sire to say a word. I shall not insist upon taking
it up. I would prefer, of course, to have it taken
up and voted upon.
Mr. WADE. 1 perceive that the Senate are
unwilling to take up this bill now, and I will not
urge it further.
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. I consider myself under
a pledge to the Senator from Indiana, so far as my
vote is concerned.
Mr. WADE. I am very anxious that the bill
shoul/1 be brought to a conclusion at the earliest
period, because it is necessary that it should be,
and because I promised that I would move to
take it up to-day; but I perceive the Senate is not
disposed to do it, and 1 am willing that they should
proceed to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a word upon
that point. I shall nut, ofcoursc, persist in bring-
ing up this hill under the circumstances, but I
think the Senate should consent to consider it at a
very early day. I have suffered it to be put off for
the last two weeks at the suggestion of my friend
from Ohio. It is importautthat the vacancies upon
the supreme bench should be filled; and if we can-
not arrange the circuits to suit everybody, wc will
arrange them the best we can. i think something
should be done m reference to it; and it it goes over
now, I hope the Senate will allow it to conic up \
as soon as the privileged question ss disposed of.
Mr. WADE. I shall move to take it up, then. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator !
withdraw his motion? ;
Mr. WADE. 1 withdraw the motion i but give i
notice that I shall move to take it up the \cry next :
thing. ' :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeasand nays
have been ordered, but the Senator can withdraw
his call for them if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. BRIGHT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on agreeing to the reportof the
Committee on the Judiciary, which will be read:
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Judiciary Committee, to winch was referred the res-
olution to expel Hon, JrcssnD. Bright ftom his seat in the
United Static Sennte, respectfully repot t:
That theyaieof opinion the facts charged against Mr.
Biught aie not sufficient to warrant Ins expulsion from the
Senate, and they theicfoic iceommend that the resolution
do not pass.
The resolution which was introduced by Mr.
W iLKLvso>r, on the JGih of December, upon which
the committee report, is as follows:
Whereas Hon. Jesse L). Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of March, 1831, wiole a letter, of which the following
is a eopj .
Washington, March 1, 1861.
My Dear Sir: Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my fticnd Thom.i> 1?. Lincoln, of Texas. He visits
your capital mamly to de-pose of what he wgardi a jrrcat
impiovement iu lnc-nims. I recommend him to your fa-
voiabl" eons-id'antion as? a gentleman of the first re-pccta-
bihiy, and reliable in eveiv lespcet.
Vety truly, > ouih, * JESSE I). BRIGHT.
To TIis EveeUen"j Ds-Vis,
President oj the Confederation of States.
And wheieas we believe the said letter is evidence of
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give
aid and eoinfot t to the public onem'es : Theictore,
Iteiticsolved, That the said Jesse D Bright is expelled
from lifts seat in tile Senate of the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I have but
a very few remarks to make, because I do not sup-
pose that anything that I shall say will alter the
action of the Senate, nor perhaps produce any ma-
terial effect upon the vote which shall be given.
In presenting this lesolution to the Senate, I was
not moved by any feeling of unkmdn^ss to the
Senator from Indiana, nor by any desire that the
seat which he occupies on this door should be
made vacant by its passage. If i had ignored all
sense of duty, and been governed only by my in-
dividual feelings, I would much rather that this
matter should have passed by unnoticed than have
introduced this resolution into the Senate. But,
sir, the exigencies of these extraordinary times
impose upon us duties which are ver)' often un-
pleasant and painful, but which we cannot permit
to pass by unnoticed if we would be faithful to
the country, nor can we fail to perfoim them upon
any plea of kindness or benevolence. This is an
hour, Mr. President, when men must stand up
straight if they would serve their country, it is no
time for faltering,for hesitation, or for doubt. And
it is my deliberate opinion that, surrounded as
we are with treason and with corruption in the
high places of this Government, if the Senate fails
to disehaige its whole duty without any regai d
to fear or to favor, or without being moved from
the right line of duty by personal considerations,
this country will be lost, t believe that the firm,
steady, and heroic action of Congress must save
this nation, if H is saved at oil; and I further be-
lieve that every other department of the Govern-
ment has utterly failed to meet with sufficient
heroism and virtue the demands which the eiisis
of the country has made upon them. 1 am over-
whelmed with the revelations which are homly
made of the treason and corruption which sur-
round and enter into every department of this
Government; and strange as it may appear, start-
iingas may he the announcement, there is scarcely
a single act of treason or of fraud which surrounds, i
or is m any wise connected with this Government,
but that finds an eager and ready apologist in Con-
gress. If this course is not checked at once, then
indeed may we bid farewell lo all hope of saving
the country and the institutions of freedom which
our Constitution has guarantied to the people.
The resolution now before the Senate was based
m the main upon a letter purporting to have been
written by the Senator from Indiana, of which !
the following is a copy: |
Washington*, AfcrJi], 16G1. j
My Dear. Sir : Allow me to introduce to \ our acquaint- j
ante my fuend Thomas 13. Lmiole. of Te.\a=s. lie visits j
your capital mainly to dispose ot what he regauK a gioat j
lmptovementm fire-arms. J recommend him to your favor- !
able coiiMdeiation as a gentleman ot the first respectability, i
and reliable in ovsrv respect. !
Vurj truly, youis, JESSE D. BUIOHT !
To his Excellency Jefferson Davis, i
President of the Confederation of States. I
I understand that the Senator from Indiana does
not deny that he wrote this letter; and I ask the
Senate if it is such a letter as a Senator of the
United States should write; is it such a letter as a
true and loyal Senator would write ? Let us look
at this question a little; let us examine into the
facts and circumstances which surrounded this
Government, and which surrounded this Senate
Chamber, at the time the letter was written. On
the 7th day of this present month, when applica-
tion was made by the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Nesmith] to have his colleague, recently ap-
pointed, sworn in as a Senator, the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] moved that the certifi-
cate of the Governor's appointment, together with
the other papers which he presented, should be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
upon that motion a debate sprang up in the Sen-
ate, in which debate the Senator from Indiana
took part, and said: *
" The Senator from Massachusetts remarked that the Sen-
ate were now engaged in examining into the loyalty of cer-
tain members ot this body. I suppose he alluded to me.
f am in that category, and the examiqation is based on
three lines that it is alleged I wrote in a letter for a friend
ot mine, dated as far back as the 1st day of March iast.
The objectionable feature in that letter is, that!addressed
Jefferson Davis as piesident of the confederate States. In
that I was but following the example of Senators upon this
floor who, day after day, spoke and addressed him by that
title at that time; yet no exception was taken to that. How-
ever, [ do notpiopose arguing my case now; it would be
out ot place; but I want it to go out to the world wlthahe
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts, that, scTfar
as 1 am concerned, I hope the Senate are examining into
my case, and I am very sorry that they have progressed so
slowly. I «im impatient for the investigation and anxious
for the lpqult, leady to meet it at any time it may come,
and the sooner the better. I pay this much for the informa-
tion of the committee who have my ease in charge, and for
my ft lends at a distance, wiio appear to be borrowing some
tiouble on my account. I do not akk iheir sympathy. I
have done nothing that I would not do over again under
the banie ciicumstances, and that I am not prepared to
defend here or elsewhere "
'Heie the Senator from Indiana openly avows
upon this floor, on the 7th day of the present
month, that he has not done anythingthathe would
not do over again under the same circumstances.
It will be seen that the Senator assumes that the
objectionable feature in his letter is that it was
addressed to JeUeison Davis as president of the
confederate States, and he urges, as a justification,
that at that time other Senators addressed him by
that title, and that no exception was taken to it.
Now, sir, J venture the assertion that no loyal
Senator upon this floor, no man who was true to
the Constitution of his country under all circum-
stanccs, ever did upon this floor or anywhere else
address Jefferson Davis by that title, unless, per-
haps, it may have been the Senator from Indiana.
It is true there were traitors here before the 4th
of March last who did repeatedly address him by
that title, butthose men are to-day fighting against
the Constitution of their country, and against the
Government of the United States. Wc had no
power to expel them then, it requiring a two-thirds
vote, we being in the minority in the Senate.
But, sir, the Senator is entirely mistaken when
he supposes that the objectionable feature of his
letter consists in the way or the manner in which
it was addressed. While I am free to state that
I regard it as exceedingly reprehensible for a Sen-
ator of the United Siates to acknowledge the le-
gality of this pretended govei nment by addressing
the piesident thereof in his assumed ofBcial capa-
city, still 1 by no means think that that consti-
tutes the worst feature of this letter. Mr, Davis
assumed to be the chief executive officer of a pre-
tended government, which was at that time, og
the 3 st of March last, preparing by forcc of arms
to resist the constituted authorities of the United
States, and to prevent the Government from ex-
ercising its proper and legitimate dominion over
any part of the seceded States. He was at that
tune, at that very hour, besieging a fortress in
Charleston harbor by erecting batteries bearing
upon Foit Sumter, with tiie avowed purpose of
reducing that fortress, and of gaining entire mili-
tary possession of th° harbor.
These facts existed at the time this letter was
written. It was at that time well understood by
intelligent gentlemen every where that Mr. Davis
was gathering arms and munitions of war, in order
that he might be the better prepared to maintain
his position in the conflict which has since been
precipitated upon the country.
It was under these circumstances that Thomas
