2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
light of the day of truth in relation to oar national
troubles. -
Mr. President, I have said more than I expected
to say when I rose. I did not intend to say any-
thing at all on this subject; but I became so inter-
ested, so absorbed by the line of discussion, that
it seized upon my mind and my heart both. I felt
my patriotism expand. I felt my hopes for my
country, and for the rise of that country from its
present imperiled and degraded condition,relumed
and reinvigorated under the line of thought and
debate which has occupied the attention of the
Senate to-day. I hope and trust that these gen-
tlemen will follow up the line in which they have
been treading, and that they will lend their ener-
gies and their intellects and their hearts and their
reason and everything that they have appertain-
ing to men, to the deliverance of the country upon
the broadest patriotism and constitutional and
national principles. If some gentlemen will pio-
pose a reduced rate of taxation, I will vote for it.
I beg pardon for having said as much as I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, my res-
olution, when 1 reported this bill, was that so far
as I was concerned, it should be got through from
beginning to end without speeches on general
subjects, or anything at all outside of the bill, and
I have endeavored to confine myself to that line.
With regard to this matter, as I was one of the
majority of the committee who voted to strike out
the tax, u may be as well for me to say a very
few words upon the subject.
So far as cotton is concerned, there is nothing
m the idea which is so prevalent in the country,
and upon which I have received several letteis,
that we must make the South pay their part of the
tax, and as cotton is a great production of the
South, we must accordingly tax it. There might
bo something in it, if we could make the South
pay the tax, hut we cannot make them pay any
pait of it. When I say the South, 1 mean the
rebel States, where the cotton is raised. The
reason is .simple enough. They have the monop-
oly of the article; they will have it, and will con-
tinue to have it, and they do not manufacture
it; they sell the law cotton, and when it comes
bae^all they can e\er be made to pay upon it is
simply the increased price, if any, upon the man-
ufactured article when they buy it back. The
result is that we put no tax upon them, but we
tax ouiselves, and we tax foreigners, because it
is manufactured in the froo States, and it is man-
ufactured abroad, and the ptoducer of the raw
article, an article that is and must be in demand,
simply adds the tax which we put upon it to the
piiee which he cluuges the purchaser of the pro-
duction. If we are disposed to punish them, in
case we ever tret them back aijain, and I suppose
everybody takes it for granted we must, by mak-
ing them pay, this is no way to reach them, in
my judgment. It is taxing ourselves. If we arc
taxing by svay of punishing the people, we are
punishing ourselves and punishing foieigners, in-
stead of punishing the rebels. We may, theie-
fore, just as well lay aside that idea, fust as last.
Then the only question which comes up is the
proper question in reference to the case, and that
is the question of revenue. Cotton is a great pro-
duction. I am not particularly wedded to the idea
of taxing manufactures, and manufactures alone,
and not putting anything upon the raw product.
If it is a peculiar product, that must be sold and
must command a price, and the tax may be pretty
well equalized over the community, you may as
well tax that as tax the manufactured article. So
far as that is concerned, I have no attachment to
theories, and if cotton, or coal, or coal oil, or any-
thing else is a peculiar product in great demand,
must be used, and can be made to pay a good rev-
enue, which is thrown broadcast over the entire
community, there is no reason why that particu-
lar article should not be used for that purpose.
But if the effect of the tax is to come upon any
peculiar class of the community alone, and to op-
erate injuriously on them, then, on the principle .
ot equalization, we ought not to tax it, or if we !
do, we should use them just as lightlyas po* s>ible.
I he principle is a perfectly simple one.
.Nov, as the other House put it, the matter was,
, ' n?LHay an Surdity, but perhaps an ovei-
sight. I he way the House arianged it was to
jay a tax of one cent a pound on cotton, which is
enormous on some qualities unquestionably, and
then give a drawback upon it when exported, the
result of which would be to lay the burden en-
tirely on ourselves at home, and nothing upon
anybody abroad. They left in the drawback sim-
ply because they did not want to make cotton an
exception, for the appearance of the thing. If
the appearancc of the thing is anything, the easiest
way would be to omit the tax. What is the ar-
gument against it? I have no great fear of any
appearance about the thing, provided it is both
just and wise; and with regard to all these matters
of revenue, we are bound to look out for our-
selves, and have a right to look out for ourselves,
instead of foreigners; and then the question comes
whether it can be equally laid, and what will be
its effects. The consideration which affected my
mind was that, as I believed, even if we put it on
in that way, it would have a most injurious effect
upon our manufactures, especially of the cheaper
articles of production. That was the impression
made upon my mind by the examination I gave
the subject. Having no sort of personal knowl-
edge of matters of trade and manufacture, I am
obliged to rely on the opinions of others in whom
I have confidence. It was shown to me that,
owing to the peculiar character of the trade with
reference to the cheaper fabrics, the result must
be almost inevitably to break down a large num-
ber of mills in which a great amountof capital is
invested, and which in their operation will yield
a very large revenue at three per cent., if we allowr
them to go on and encourage them, and that at
the same time this tax would affect our commerce
badly, and thus make us loose in that direction;
and I became satisfied that the wise thing would be
to strike outtlusduty, because in the end we should
be injured more than we should bo benefited.
The answer of my friend from Michigan, to
whose opinions I always listen with great defer-
ence on all matters of business, although I think
he is not wise m proposing to double the amount
of this duty, is that lie wants to get the tax out of
the foreigner. He asks, why not take ten or
twelve millions on this article, and not allow a
drawback on its exportation, which will meetour
own case. Very well, that is an answer as far as
it goes, provided he will satisfy me as to the other
effect that the manufacture! of the coarser fabncs
will not be affected so injuriously as to be de-
stroyed from the increase of the price, and thus,
connected with it, our trade and our commerce be
injuriously affected also.
These were the two points upon which my
opinion was founded. Not being very well m-
siiucted about it, 1 have listened to this debate
with very great intcicst to see if 1 could get any
further light upon the subject, and the icsult that
I have come to is—I will not elaborate it—that 1
am satisfied a tax of one cent a pound laid indis-
criminately, as the bill proposes, upon all cotton,
even it you do not give the drawback on what i aw
cotton goes out, is too much. 1 am not satisfied
that it would not bear about half that, provided
you gave the drawback on the manufactured ar-
ticle, and at the same time gave the benefit of a
diawback to the extent of the amount that was
put upon the raw matenal when it was expoited
in the manufactured shape. I understand that my
friend from my New Hampshire has a proposi-
tion of that description to offer, and when I have
heard it, it may perhaps meet my difficulties. As
it is, with regard to the clause as it stands in the
bill at present, 1 have not changed my opinion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the report of the
committee will be agreed to, and that the clause
will be stricken out; but if it shall not be, 1 shall
piopose to reduce the tax on cotton to one half
cent a pound , and then add this proviso:
Pro tided, That from the tax hereby imposed upon the
manufacturer* of cotton, there siinii be deducted &i\ mills
per pound on the iminutactuied amde.
So that the duty which the manufacturer is
compelled to pay on the raw material will be re-
funded to him. As it is now, it trebles the duty.
1 say six mills per pound instead of five, the duty
imposed on the raw material, because it takes one
hundred and twelve pounds of cotton to make one
bundled pounds of the manufactured article. I
am satisfied that the tine inteiests of our industry,
of our production, and of the Treasuiy are to
agree with the report of the committee, and there-
fore I shall not propose the amendment now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Iam still of opinion that
the amend merit proposed by me ought to he adopt-
ed; but as several of the friends of the measure as
it stands, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, with the modification suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, are of the
opinion that the test had better be taken on the
bill as it came from the House. I withdraw my
motion to put in 44 two cents," and will take the
test on " one."
The Senator from Maine says that if he could
be satisfied that this tax would not operate inju-
riously on the manufacturers of the coarse pro-
ducts, the whole question would be easy to his
mind. Now, sir, I will take the coarscr product,
to wit: bags, which were alluded to by the Sena-
from New Hampshire. They are made from the
coarser material, and sold at the lowest price.
The average price of these bags is about twenty-
six cents, or was a year ago about twenty-six
cents, after being manufactured. Thus you see
this tax would amount to less than four per cent,
on the very lowest grade. He says that the cot-
ton used in them is about six and a half cents a
pound on an average. After it is manufactured,
the tax would amount to only four per cent. Of
course, the labor is included in the price of the
manufactured article; but is not the difference so
small that it is hardly appreciable, whether you
pay twenty-five or twenty-six cents upon these
bags after they are manufactured. I take this as
the lowest grade. I suppose the average value of
manufactured cottons is about forty cents a pound.
Is not that about the amount?
Mr. SIMMONS. It varies according to the
quality of the cotton.
Mr. CHAfTDLER. I am talking of the aver-
age, year in and year out. I say the average price
of all would be forty cents a pound; some are
higher, some are lower. Then this tax would be
less than two and a half per cent., or call it three
per cent., if you please. Call the average vnlne
of cotton manufactures thirty-three and a third
cents a pound, and then the tax would be only
three percent.—the very lowest tax you assess
on anything. Of course, Senators can see at a
glance that this addition, whatever it may be,
whether it be one cent on a pound upon a bag, or
one fifth of a cent or one tenth of a cent on a yai d
of cotton goods, goes directly upon the manufac-
turer fiist, and is chmged by him upon the con-
sumer. It is true all taxes aie onerous 
Mr, FESSENDEN. How does the Senator
answer the difficulty as to the foreign trade?
Mr. CHANDLER. I should give no draw-
back upon cotton going abroad; and if the Sena-
tor asked it, i would vote for a drawback on the
manufactured article going abroad. 1 certainly
aril not in favor of any measure which will be op-
pressive to manufacturers of any description of
goods in the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand me. I speak of the argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts in reference to the
course of trade and the competition abroad—the
goods that are sent to China.
Mr. CHANDLER. Iam somewhat familiar
with that, and the operation is not precisely as
has been set forth. Our manufacturei s have been
for years in the habit of accumulating a surplus
stock. The exporter goes to a large commission
denier and says, " I can send ten thousand bales
of brown drills to China, upon which I shall piob-
ably sustain a nominal loss. Now, if you ffive
me twelve months time, instead of six months,
which is the ordinary credit, I will ship these
goods, and take my chance." The manufaefuier
says, "I have a surplus: I will give you the
twelve months time:" and so the goods are sent
to China. It relieves the market, and the manu-
facturer gets a higher price for what he has left
on hand. That is the way the thing is managed,
and has been for the last fifteen years. The man-
ufacturer submits to one half of that loss; he gives
the exporter twelve months time; the expoitcr
sends out his venturcand receives his return cargo
without ever having invested one dollar.
Mr. SUMNER.. Now, suppose an additional
burden is put 011 that.
Mr. CHANDLER. But you put no additional
burden there anymore than on the producer else-
where. You put the same burden on the producer
in England, France, or anywhere. If you allow
a drawback on exported cotton I will go against
this; but I take it for granted that after we agree
to a tax of one cent a pound on cotton, we shall
change the provision in reference to the drawback.
