1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 28,
tobacco equal to the value of the article itself; but
when we come to the article of cotton, produced
in States where they refuse to pay and never did
pq.y their just proportion for the support of the
Government, when I propose to tax that upon the
same principle upon which you propose to tax the
beef cattle, the sheep,and the hogsin my own State,
which are as unquestionabl^gricultural products,
I am told that it would be a wicked and invid-
ious tax.
Now, who can tell the reason of that? Is it
, invidious to tax a man because he lives in asouth-
lern State? I think that must be a reason. But I
think I can find another. "With that complacency
which commends itself to all of us, the complacency
of the Committee of Ways and Means, they have
laid a tux upon almost everything which the farm-
ers of the West and North produce, and they tell
us we must fold our arms and bear the tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the com-
mittee will permit me to continue my remarks for
a very few minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was proceed-
ing: to say that they tux everything in the West
that the farmer can raise. They tax our cattle,
our hogs, our sheep, when we kill them and send
them to market, and if they are not agricultural
productions, I do not know what is. It may be
they are manufactures. If they are, then I ought
to flare up just as gentlemen from the Northeast
do when the word " manufactures" is mentioned.
But I will not, for I believe they are agricultural
productions. And yet I am told that it is proper
that they should be made to bear these expenses
of the Government. What, then, is the reason
why cotton should not be taxed? Can it be be-
cause it indirectly taxes the manufacturer of New
England? Why, I am told by one distinguished
gentleman of the Committee of Ways and'Means,
and he has been sustained by two others from the
Northeast—it has been asseverated by every gen-
tleman who has spoken upon the subject from
that portion of the country, with one exception—
that the manufacturer does not pay the tax. Penn-
sylvania tells us that her coal diggers do not pay
the tax upon coal, but that we outside barbarians
pay u. The manufacturer says he does not pay
the tax, the consumer pays it; but it is neverthe-
less a fact standing out everywhere, that the mo-
ment you propose a tax that directly or indirectly
affects the manufacturer, the moment any propo-
sition is made to afford the consumer an oppor-
tunity of sustaining a portion of the burdens of the
Government, these gentlemen hurry to the floor
and denounce with bitter denunciation the attack
upon manufacturers. Now, sir, why this double
talk? Why this two-sided argument? Is there
no means of escape ? I tell you that in this pro-
vision is the merit and justice of the bill. I tell
yoa that when you tax "the article in the hands of
the manufacturer, the manufacturer pays a por-
tion, the producer a portion, and the consumer a
portion; and I am glad of it. That is why I am
going to vote for this bill.
Mr. Chairman, the secret is simply this, and I
desire to get at the point: in the southern States
they produce $200,000,000 worth of cotton, and
they produce scarcely anything else, and we pro-
pose to make them pay a proportion of the taxes
of the country according to a fair valuation. Gen-
tlemen from New England say that that is an in-
vidious distinction. It is invidious, because it
makes the manufacturers pay higher. My friend
is willing to confiscate the cotton of the South.
Oh yes ! Then it would slide into their hands and
it would not increase the burdens of the manu-
facturers. That would not be invidious!
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am willing to
confiscate the cotton of the rebels, but I am not
willing unjustly to tax the property of our own
citizens.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That does not
meet my point. The rebels are burning their cot-
ton up rather than it should reach your spindles.
The gentleman says that it is honest to take their
cotton, but that it is not honest to tax it. It
would be invidious to tax that property of the
rebels. Confiscate their property would be all
right, for that would inure to the benefit of the
manufacturer, but it would be invidious to tax
that same property. There is the point. I am
glad that this development has been made to
the country from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Two hundred millions worth of cotton has been
annually exported from the South. It is the only
property of the cotton States. One fifth or one
sixth of it goes to the spindles of New England,
and the remainder goes to Europe, and never has
and never will go to New England. Yet to make
the burdens of the spinners there easy, it is stated
that it is invidious to tax this cotton. I am op-
posed to all such legislation. You tax the cattle
of the country; you tax our property in the West
of every character, but when it is proposed to tax
cotton, we are told that it is invidious. I see that
the committee are anxious to get the floor. I
must have hit the birds somewhere, or they would
not flutter so much. You tax, sir, the agricul-
tural products of the West, You tax tobacco in
Maryland, Kentucky, Tennessee, and little Dela-
ware. You tax their staple products.
Mr. ENGLISH. We produce a large quan-
tity of tobacco in Connecticut, and the gentleman
ought not to leave us out.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Connecticut is
willing to be taxed in that part of her interests.
Mr. ENGLISH. And every other.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is fair to tax
tobacco, to tax corn, and to tax every other agri-
cultural interest of the country, but it is invidious,
the gentleman says, to tax cotton. That tax is
most earnestly opposed by gentlemen from New
England, where they hate niggerdom worse than
the devil. [Laughter.] They are for emancipa-
tion, for taxing every other industrial and agri-
cultural product of the country, but when king
cotton is proposed to be taxed, the spindles rise
higher than the negro, higher than emancipation,
and they say that it is invidious to tax the rebels.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, modified his
amendment by striking out " three" and insert-
ing " two" cents a pound.
Mr. BLAKE moved to amend by making it
one cent.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
On a division on the amendment as amended
there were—ayes 19, noes 41.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg
of Illinois, and Mallouy, were appointed.
The amendment was disagreed to, the tellers
having reported—ayes 53, noes 55.
Mr. HORTON moved to add the following
proviso:
Provided. That red oil and oleic acid produced in the
manufacture of candles, and used ns mateual in the man-
ufaetme of soap, paraffine oil, and fish oil, shall be ex-
empted fiom tins duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the follow-
ing:
On burning fluid, composed of alcohol and spirits of tur-
pentine, wholly or in part, five cents per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On gas, illuminating, made of coal, wholly or in part, or
any othei materia!, twenty-five cents for one thousand cubic
feet: Provided, That all gas furnished for lighting street
lamps, and for lighting single dwelling houses, when spe-
cially made by the owners or occupants thereof for that
puipose and not tor sale, shall be exempt fiom duty: Pro-
vided, That ail gas companies are hereby authorized to add
the duty or tax imposed by this act to the pnee per thou-
sand cubic feet on gas sold, any limitation which may ex-
ist in the charter of said companies or laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HORTON. 1 move to strike out all after
the word " material,"and to insert the following:
When the product shall be not above five hundred thou-
sand cubic feet per month, five cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the product shall be above five hundred thou-
sand and not exceeding five millions of cubic feet per month,
ten cents per one thousand cubic feet; when the product
shall be a^ftpvc five millions and not exceeding fifteen mil-
lions of cubic feet per month, fifteen cents per one thousand
cubic feet; when the product shall be above fifteen mil-
lions of cubic feet per month, twenty cents per one thou-
sand cubic feet; and the geneial aveiage of the monthly
product for the year piecedmg the return required by this
act, shall regulate the rate of duty herein imposed; and
where any gas company shall not have been m operation
for one year next preceding the return as aforesaid, then
the rate shall be regulated upon the estimated average of
the monthly product: Provided, That the return required
by this act shall be understood to mean a return of the bills
actually lendered by any gas company during the month
piecedmg said retuin; and all gas compamcs are hereby
authouzed to add the duty or tax imposed by this net to the
price per thousand cubic feet on gas sold, any limitation
which may exist in the charter of said companies or laws
of any {State to the contiary notwithstanding: Provided,
Thai all gas furnished for lighting street lamps and not
measmed may be estimated, and if the returns in any ease
shall be under-stated or under-estimated, it shall be the duty
of the assistant assessor of the district to increase the same
as he shall deem just and pioper.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Van Valken-
burgii having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Colfax reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the bill
of the House (No. 312) to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, under the
rules:
Resolved, That the usual number of extra copies of the
agricultmal part of the Patent Office repoit be printed for
the use of the House.
Mr. COX moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock, p.m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 28, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Or. Sit\tdkrla\td.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, in relation to the recipro-
city treaty; which were leferred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, in relation to revenue ne-
cessary for the support of the Government; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present a petition
which I received this morning; and I do so with-
out reference at all to my own opinions on the
subject-matter, which probably hardly agree with
it. It comes from Camp Furnham, fiom a num-
ber of volunteers, I presume, praying for the pas-
sage of what I suppose maybe called a homestead
law, to prevent all further traffic in and monopoly
of the public lands of the United States, and that
they may be laid out in farms and lots of limited
size for the free and exclusive use of actual sot-
tiers. It is signed by about sixty persons. I move
its reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
