1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3335
Mr. TRUMBULL. We should not certainly
make our inquiries upon the Department to de-
pend upon their judgment whether they will com-
municate the information we seek or not. The
Executive, if he thinks proper, may withhold in-
formation, %nd that has been often done; but this
leaving it to the discretion of the Departments
whether they will communicate with Congress or
not, is a novel way of asking for information. I
hope it will not be adopted in tliat form.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois a question. All the informa-
tion the Executive has, is always contained in
some of the Departments. I wish to inquire of
him whether he thinks that the Senate havea right,
by demanding it of the different Departments, to
get what information it pleases?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we have, unless the
President interferes and informs us directly that
it would be improper to communicate the inform-
ation. I think the Departments are at the con-
trol of Congress. We have always so regarded
them. The question has been agitated in the Sen-
ate since I have been here once or twice as to the
form of a resolution, whether it should read "the
Secretary of War be requested to communicate,"
or the "Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate," and the Senate has solemnly decided on
the yeas and nays, more than once since I have
been here, that the proper form of a resolution is
to direct the Departments to communicate what we
desire. The communication has to l e sent; it is
the duty of the officer to send it, unless the Presi-
dent, from motives of policy, should interfere in
some way. I have never known such an instance,
however! This leaving it to the discretion of a De-
partment to communicate information or not, has
been carried to a very great extent during the pres-
ent session of Congress. It was formerly confined
to calls made upon the Executive in reference to
foreign matters, in regard to our intercourse with
foreign nations. It was supposed there might be
some reasons for withholding information from
Congress in those cases. But this Government is
intended to be a people's Government; they ought
to know what is going on, and there ought to be
nothing in the Interior Department, nothing in the
War Department, unless it be in time of war,
that should not be open to every member of Con-
gress. The idea that this Government is to be
carried on in secrecy, and information withheld
from the people, has been quite too much toler-
ated by the present Congress. I think the effect
of it has been bad upon the public. I think if wo
had known the actual truth m regard to the battles
before Richmond two weeks ago, it would have
been of infinite value to this country; but the in-
formation was withheld, the people were allowed
to speculate and imagine what had happened there,
and their imaginings made it a great deal worse
than it was. I deny that there is any paper in any
Department of this Government, exceptconnected
with foreign affairs, that should not be at the con-
trol of Congress. We have a right to demand it,
we have a right to instruct these officers to fur-
nish it, and it has always been the practice until
the present session of Congress to do so. 1 move
to strike out the latter clause of the resolution
which provides for sending the information if the
Secretary shall think proper to send it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the resolution by
striking out the following words:" if in the opin-
ion of the said Secretary such information can be
furnished without injury to the public service."
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt it is very important
to discuss the question now before the body; per-
haps it is important at the present time; but I con-
fess I do not see its wisdom. It is hardly possi-
ble, whether we amend the resolution or pass it
as it is, that we shall get an answer before we
adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'clock. I suggest
therefore to the Senator from Kansas whether he
will not be willing to have it laid aside and let us
go on with the business of practical importance.
There are divers resolutions and bills which, if
now acted upon, can be completed in the other
House and some practical result of our la.oor ar-
rived at, but we may talk all day about this ques"
tion, and only increase our own wisdom, of which
we have no doubt a great abundance now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If after stating the
facts, any Senator desires to postpone this inform-
ation, I will offer no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not propose to oppose the
resolution; butthere isa proposition here toamend
it which will be pressed; and we shall have no
doubt long and able speeches upon it. I submit
to the Senator whether it is important thus to
spend the day.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There will not be long
speeches from me.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course not, but that does
not preclude others from making them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask permission of
the Senate to read an extract from a letter of Lieu-
tenantColonel Anthony on the subject of this res-
olution, dated Corinth, Mississippi, July 8, 1862;
" I have been in arrest for two weeks, and no trial granted
by General Halleck. The charges against me are allowing
negroes within my lines, issuing an order (Brigade, No. 26)
prohibiting rebels from coming within my lines to hunt for
their fugitive slaves.''
I send to the desk a copy of that order, which
I desiie may be read, for the issuing of which he
is arrested.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Headquarters Mitchell's Brigade,
Advance Column, First Brigade, First Division,
General Army op the Mississippi, Camp Etiieridge,
Tennessee, June 18, 1662.
[General Orders, No. 26.]
1. The impudence and impertinence of the open and
armed rebels, traitors, secessionists, and southern-rights
men of this section of the State of Tennessee, in arrogantly
demanding the right to search our camp for fugitive slaves,
has become a nuisance, and will no longer be tolerated.
Officers will see that this class of men, who visit our camp
for this purpose, are excluded from our lines.
2. Should any such person be found within our lines,
they will be arrested and sent to headquarters.
3. Any officer orsoldierftf this command, who shall ar-
rest and deliver to his master a fugitive slave, shall bo sum-
marily and severely punished, according to the laws relative
to such crimes.
4. The strong Union sentiment in this section is most
gtatifying, and all officers and soldiers, in their intercourse
with the loyal and those favorably disposed, arc requested
to act in their u^ual kind and courteous manner, and pio-
tect them to the tullo.-t. c.xieiit.
By order of DR. Anthony, Lieutenant Colonel, seventh
Kansas volunteers, commanding:
VV. W. H. LAWRENCE,
Captain and Jlisiitant Adjutant General.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. After the Senate passed
the new article of war I procured printed copies
of it and forwarded them to the officers of the Kan-
sas troops. They have endeavored to obey the
law of Congress. For obedience to that article
of war Lieutenant Colonel Anthony has been ar-
rested by General Halleck, and is now under
arrest, and has been for the last two weeks. The
reason why I inserted the condition in the reso-
lution to which the Senator from Illinois objects,
is that the Secietary of War might use his judg-
ment, for it has been expressly stated, I under-
stand, by General Halleck, that the momentany-
thing interferes in anywise with his carrying out
his order Wo. 3, he will resign his command in
the Army of the United States. It was to give
the Secretary of War an opportunity to judge of
the propriety of driving Halleck from the service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to know if
Congress lias not interfered with order No. 3, by
the passage of the confiscation act.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I say Congress have
not interfered in fact. They have passed a law,
I grant you, and the officers of the Kansas troops
have endeavored to obey that law, but General
Halleck has spit upon it, and continues to spit
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. ANTHONY. X suggest that, instead of
the resolution being addressed to the Secretary of
War, it be addressed to the President, as I think
all resolutions of inquiry ought to be, and then
the words " if not incompatible with the public
interest" will be proper.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to insert "President
of the United States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is now pending.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
will withdraw it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator from
Kansas accepts the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my amend-
ment, if the direction of the resolution is changed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the Senator from Kansas
modifies his resolution as suggested by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
397) to establish a Bureau of Migration; which
was read twice by its title,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill of which I gave no-
tice yesterday.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S. No.
398) further amending the articles of war, and it
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will allow the
bill to be read at length and considered at this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what is in
it. It is a new proposition; it is not printed.
Mr. HOWE. Hear it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to hear-
ing it read; but I do not want to consent to its con-
sideration until I know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will*
be read at length.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall be
the duty of all officers, in the naval or military ser-
vice of the United States, to furnish protection to
the full extent the force under i heir respective com-
mands will enable them to do, to each and every
person appealing for protection against the au-
thority or control of all those who are or may be
engaged in prosecuting the rebellion against the
Government of the United States; but if any loyal
citizen of the United States shall bo deprived of
any property under this provision, the faith of the
United States is fledged to make compensation
therefor. If any officer shall willfully neglect to
furnish the protection required, he shall, upon con-
viction by a court-martial, be dismissed the ser-
vice, and forever rendered incapable of holding a
commission in the military or naval service of the
United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of this bill ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I object.
LETTERS OF MARQUE.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the bill
which the Senate had under consideration last
evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if that bill will
not come up as unfinished business either at
twelve or one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the business left unfinished was Sen-
ate bill (No. 394) to amend the act calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections,and repel invasions,approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1795, and the acts amendatory thereof,
and for oilier purposes, which will be the special
order at twelve o'clock. The Senator from Iowa
moves to postpone all prior orders with a view to
proceed to the consideration of the hill indicated
by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will notbe taken
up. I have been trying for several days to get
action on a bill of very great importance.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 393)
concerning letters of marque, prizes, and prize
goods.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the bill be engrossed for a third read-
ing?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what that lull is. 1 understand there is an amend-
ment to it. If it is printed I should like to see it.
I inquire of the Chair if the amendment, which is
a substitute I understand, is in print.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The original
bill is in print, but the amendment, in the form ot
a substitute for the whole bill, is in manuscript,
and not printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to under-
stand it in that way. I am tolu it was ordered to
be printed, and I suppose it will be here very soon.
It is a matter of vast importance. I hope the bill
will be laid aside until the printed copy comes m.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust that that will not be done.
I suppose that any question which might come up
