1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. CLARK. Do I understand the Senator to
say that he would put this additional duty on all
that is exported?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is an excess, and who-
ever buys the goods pays it.
Mr. CLARK. The cotton with which you come
„in competition in China is not your cotton that
goes out there; it is cotton raised there.
Mr. CHANDLER. I fit is a poorer article, the
cotton does notcome in competition. If you have ;
an article ofcotton that is inferionn quality, which
produces an inferior fabric, and which is sold at
an inferior price, it is not an article in competition,
because your superior article, although at a supe-
rior price, receives a just appreciation in China
and in the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. But if the inferior article can
supply the place of the other, as it may, what
then ?
Mr. CHANDLER. But it cannot, if it is infe-
rior. Xtis a shoi ter, poorer staple, which will not
endure as well as the long staple. True, you may
mix them; so we may mtx our good cotton with
foreign cotton and makean inferior article and have
a sort of competition, but it is not actual competi-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will see at once
we come in competition with that inferior article,
because our article would not go forward if it was
not carried forward as a medium of exchange.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Michigan
does not exactly understand the China trade. I
suppose he once in a while looks into it. The
reason these coarse cottons are sentabroad is, that
the currency of Shanghae is the old-fashioned Ca-
rolus dollar, which brings six shillings sterling to
the dollar. If I am indebted to China, I cannot
buy bills on London and remit m that form with-
out submitting to a heavy loss of exchange. It
is a close calculation which way you can make
the remittances best, whether to buy these goods'
here and send them, or buy bills on London. It
has got to be a matter of such close calculation
that to put on one tenth of one per cent, would
affect the trade very much.
The Senator says there is no fear of competi-
tion with the India goods. The English, who
make those coarse goods, build their machinery
on purpose to spin that cotton. The staple of it
is about as long as the length of your nail. We
do not build any such machinery. It is notecon-
omy for us to work such cotton. Having dearer
labor, we want to work up a good stock and get
off a good deal of work with the same quantity of
labor expended. In England, where they can hire
labor at half price, they work poorer stock and
put more labor on it. That is the difference be-
tween the two countries. If we«weie situated as
England is, or if we raised that kind of cotton, I
would build my machinery so a3 to work up as
much American cotton as I could. I should be
helping my own country by doing so. They help
their colonies by building their machinery m that
way, and they work up articles that they cannot
sell anywhere else. One great feature of the Brit-
ish Government is to get colonies and work every-
thing out of them that is possible. That is the
way they do, and I do not think it is much better
than what we are quarreling aboutathome. Both
of them are had enough, God knows.
I do not intend to waste time on this matter. I
really believe it would be better to confine our-
selves to a few objects of taxation. Instead of
getting the system so complicated that a man can-
not understand it, I would raise the revenue we
need off a few articles, and not have so much ma-
chinery put to work as this bill provides for.
Mr. KING. The argument against this tax is
that it is onerous and burdensome. This whole
tax bill is of this character. It is a heavy burden
on the people of the country; but it is one that
will be cheerfully borne, for the reason that the
object which it is to secure is well worth all it
will cost. The gentleman from Massachusetts
asks what the object is? It is to pay our expenses
and save our country from its enemies who arc
attempting to destroy it. These taxes should be
distributed as equally and as fairly as they can
through the country, with a proper regard to the
facility for the levying of them and for their col-
lection. The Constitution, in distributing the
direct taxes to be levied for the support of this
Government, distributed them according to the
representative population of the various States.
That mode of taxation we have been compelled
to abandon, because, in the condition of the coun-
try, they cannot be thus levied and collected, and
we have adopted the other mode by excise, in
which the levying of these taxes will be very
unequal, so far as location is concerned; but even
that will be cheerfully borne if we shall satisfy
the country that they are necessary, or that we
act here in levying them with a design to make
them as fair and as just as they can be made.
Now, this tax is one which falls in the first place
upon a product of a part of the country which will
pay very liule under any bill that we can frame.
There are and always have been a great many
theories about who pays a tax, whether it is the
party upon whom it is levied and from whom it
is collected, or whether it is somebody to whom
he sells his goods or his manufactures, whether
he does hot necessarily in some other way gather
it from somebody else and thus is not a loser. We
shall never be able to settle with certainty the the-
ories on that subject. But cotton furnishes a con-
venient, easy, and facile means of levying the tax,
and also a certain means of its collection. It is
said that this tax will yield fifteen or seventeen
millions of dollars annually; that is probably a
high estimate. But put it at ten or fifteen millions
of dollars, it is a considerable item in our tax bill.
I understand that if the section levying this tax
is retained in the bill, it is the intention to modify
another section which allows a drawback upon
the exportation of articles on which a tax is levied.
That, in my judgment, is suitable and proper, and
will, as I suppose, of course be done. One cent
a pound upon cotton, in my judgment, is a very
moderate amount to be levied upon it; I think it
could afford to pay more. In my opinion, thejust
distribution of our taxes would be promoted by
this tax upon cotton. A very small proportion of
it is used by the manufacturers of New England.
Gentlemen from that quarter of the country say
they are paying cheerfully and will pay cheerfully
the taxes levied upon them. I do not question it.
1 believe all parts of the country will do so, but I
think this is a very proper article of taxation, and
I shall, therefore, vote against striking out the
section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, all manu-
facturing and commercial nations levy a large
share upon the outside world. It is the boast of
English economists that they derive the wealth
that supports their Government and pays their
taxes from two thirds of the commercial world,
through their manufactures and their commerce.
These questions here I look upon as grave ques-
tions. We are seeking to compete, in the markets
of the East, with England and with France, par-
ticularly with England. Our cotton fabrics are
the fabrics which we can best introduce in the
Russian possessions of the north Pacific, and in
the Chinese empire. These are simple facts. We
are now, all those who look to our permanent
policy, striving to compete with England in Chi-
na, we having at present the advantage of Eng-
land in a country with twenty-five millions of
population, a country commanded by the Ainoor
river. And cotton fabrics are the principal subject
of our commerce. All that we can produce, manu-
facture, and export, is material of our national
wealth. One of the great English economists,
speaking of the power of England to tax the world
through her manufactures and her commerce, says
she lays one third of the civilized world in trib-
ute." Anything that will disturb the production
of cotton fabrics m the United States will be a j
mischievous policy, when adopted as a policy, j
Everything that will promote their production and i
exportation abroad will be a profitable policy. I
I am not disposed to engage in argument on this
question; but if I were to "take the authority of
eminent men,such as McCulloch,such as Mills,
such as Ricardo,if you please, not going back to
Adam Smith, all of them lay do wn the doctrine that
no burden should be imposed on an article which,
being first a raw material produced in the coun-
try, and then manufactured, can be carried to for-
eign markets. Here is cotton. Cotton, it is true,
goes out in the raw form for manufacture abroad,
but we are struggling to manufacture our cotton,
as far as we can, for the markets of China.
Now, I have been told, and I have been told upon
authority that is worthy of consideration, that if
the ports of China should be opened fully to our
trade, they would furnish a market equal now to
the entire market of the world for coarse cotton
fabrics. We have the chance, with propei-ad-
dress and management in our commercial policy,
to command the whole trade of the north Pacific,,
particularly the Russian possessions. I say that
there should be no burden upon articles which'we
wish to manufacture and furnish to those mar*
kets, put on by ourselves; and it is agaifcst'the
system of taxation as recognized in any civilized
country,according to any modern ascertained fula
of economy, to tax raw material that has to go
into manufactures. You may talk &bout>draw-
backs, but it will complicate the system to have
a drawback equal to the tax on* the raw material
and the tax on the manufactured article. There
can be no doubt but that it is the policy of the
country, without regard to the locality where this
article is manufactured, to allow the raw material
to be taken by our manufacturers and sent abroad,
and the tax on the manufactured articles, when
exported, returned in the form of drawbacks.
These are simple principles of economical sci-
ence that have been ascertained and determined
by the men who have made this study aspecialty
in England, particularly for the last half century.
I trust that the report of the committee will be
accepted as the true rule.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the clause by
inserting "half'* after one," in line two hun-
dred and eighty-one; so as to read, " one half cent
apound."
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshire that perhaps it would be better
to take the vote on the proposition of the com-
mittee. If the proposition of the committee can
prevail, it seems to me that the object of the Sen-
ator will be better accomplished than by his amend-
ment. I may err, but it seems to me so. I think
the most practical measure is that presented by
the committee to strike out the tax. The whole
thing will then be simplified. The Senator pro-
poses a tax of half a cent, and then he proposes
to add another arrangement in relation to draw-
backs. All that will give complication to the bill.
It seems to me that it is not advisable that we
should go m that direction; that we should enter
upon that discussion. I should like to avoid it.
I should like to have the Senate settle down upon
the conclusion of the committee. If the proposi-
tion of the committee should be voted down, the
way will then be open for the amendment of the
Senator.
Mr. CLARK. But if the proposition of the
committee should be rejected, and then my amend-
ment should not be adopted, the bill might not be
as the Senator would like it; but I withdraw my
amendment, if friends desire it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee proposing to
strike out the clause.
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fet-sonden, Foster, Harris, Hender-
son, Latham. MeUouyall, Morrill,Powell, Simmons,Suiu-
ner, VViiioy, WiImm ot Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Dooltttle, Grimes, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Pomeroy, Slu'iman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilrnot,
and Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has offered an amend-
ment, which will now be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of section live the following:
Jind provided further, That no collector shall take any
sum of money or anything of any value from any person
whom he may appoint his deputy, or iroin any other person
by way of gift, bonus*, premium, or pnee for appointing
such person hi* deputv; and every collector violating this
piowsion shall be subject to a forfeiture of not less than
|l 000 nor more than §.">.000, to be recoveied in any court
having juru-dicnon, one half tor the use of the informer aud
the other half l'oi the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
what the object of that is, particularly?
Mr. DAVIS. It is to prevent a perfect trade
in the business of appointing assistant collectors.
I have no doubt that there are hundreds, at any
rate, that will be sold unless it is prevented by
some such provision as this; and I doubt whether
this or any other provision can prevent it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to my friend
