1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator that the committee have re-
ported on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying for the passage of a
law to prevent all further traffic in and monopoly
of the public lands of the United States, and that
they be laid out in farms and lots of limited size
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of a meet-
ing of citizens of Madison, Indiana, praying for
a modification of the tax bill in regard to the pro-
posed tax on whisky; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of mothers,
wives, and daughters of the Ohio volunteers, pray-
ing that a law may be passed prohibiting officers
of the Army surrendering fugitive slaves, and also
for the abolition of slavery; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 present the petition of citi-
zens of Nelson, Madison county, New York,
praying that the " freedom of speech and of the
press shall not be abiidged," and that " the New
York Caucasian, and all other Democratic papers
now excluded from the mails, in all the loyal
States, be allowed the same privileges now en-
joyed by Republican and abolition papers." I
move that it lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on the motion to lay on the table, the sec-
ond on leferring to the Committee on the Post
Officc and Post Roads.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to its going
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NESM1TH presented thepetition ofLieu-
tenant Colonel C. F. Ruff, (late major in the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, United States Army,)
praying for the payment of two checks given by
Paymaster Henry Hill, United States Army, to
hiin, one No. 54, and dated April 1, 1861, for
$236, and one No. 174, dated Aptil 30, 1861, for
$*393; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of the manufacturers, distillers, and dealers m
spirits, of Madison, Indiana, praying for a modi-
fication of the tax bill in regard to the proposed
tax on whisky; which was rufened to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
COMMUNICATION REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY , it was
OnlercJ. That tlx* communication from tho Seeictaryot
the Navy,relative to the icinovai of the Naval Academy
fiom Annapnli-, IVInrvland, to Newport. Rhode Island, be
lefened to the Committee on Naval Allans.
HILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No.
252) abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read twice by its title, ordered to
he on the table, and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolutions,
in which th« concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A joint resolution (No. 49) for the appointment
of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut, a re-
gent of the Smithsonian Institution, in place of
Cornelius C. Pel ton, deceased.
A joint resolution (No. 50) presenting thanks
of Congress to Captain John Ericsson for the en-
terprise, skill, energy, and forecast displayed by
him in the construction of his iron-clad boat the
Monitor.
DILLS BECOME LATTS.
The message also announced that the President
of tile United States had approved and signed, on
the 25th of March, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 148) to secure to the officers
aad men actually employed in the western de-
partment, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension; and
An act (H. R. No. 273) to facilitate judicial
proceedings in adjudications upon captured prop-
erty, and for the better administration of the law
of prize.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
244) to provide for the equitable settlement of the
accounts of the officers and crews of the frigate
Congress and other vessels; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President.
HOUSE RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 49) for the appoint-
ment of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connecticut, a
regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in place of
Cornelius C. Fclton, deceased, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. HALE. I hope that resolution will be
passed at once.
Mr. KING. It had better go to a committee.
Mr. KENNEDY objected to the present con-
sideration of the resolution, and it was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. KING. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit the
allowance or payment of pensions to the children
of officers and soldiers of the Revolution, to report
it back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and I ask the Senate to put
it on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs that from
and after its passage, no claim for a pension, or
for an increase of pension, shall be allowed in
favor of the children or other descendants of any
person who served in the war of the Revolution,
or of the widow of such person, when such per-
son or his widow died without having established
a claim to a pension.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have thought that there
was perhaps an omission in this bill. There are
some few cases where the claims are already being
adj udicated.
Mr. KING. This bill originated in a commu-
nication from the Interior Department, statingthat
a great variety of claims thnt they regard as im-
proper have, by the rules there established re-
cently under laws previously passed, been pre-
sented; and with a view to make it certain that
this bill did cover all those cases, I called myself [
upon the Secretary of the Interior and submitted
the House bill to him, asking him if it did cover
all the cases to which objection existed. He stated
that he thought it did; but if the Senator will men-
tion anything 
Mr. POMEROY. I have had some conversa-
tion myself with the Secretary of the Infeiior. I
spoke of some claims that I thought ought to be
allowed, and he admitted them to be just. I drew
up a line or two which I thought might be put in
as an amendment to cover all those cases. I will
read the amendment which I have thought of pro-
posing for the information of the Senate. It is to
add:
Except in tho.^e easc^ where the claims weie, presented
and tiled in the Department dunng the life of the officei or ;
soldier. '
There are some claims which were presented ;
and filed and were being adjudicated during their i
lifetime, which have not been acted upon, that '
will be cut olf by this bill as it now stands. i
Mr. KING. I hardly think they will be. This
bill relates to claims presented by descendants for
pensions on account of the services of their an-
cestors. I understood the Secretary to state that j
this bill accomplished precisely the purposes which
he desired, and that that would be the construc-
tion which he would give it.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill now reads:
That from and after the passage of this act no claim for
a pension, or lor an ineteasc of pension, shall be allowed '
in Ia\oi of (he childien or other descendants of any peison (
who s.eivi-d m the war of the Revolution, or of the widow !
of such p"i^on. when such pei->on oi Ins widow died with- j
out having established a claim to a pension. j
My amendment is intended to make inroad, j;
** when such person or his widow died without ;;
having filed a claim to a pension.'* There are ||
some that have filed, but have not yet established
their claim.
Mr. KING. I should prefer that the bill should
pass in its present form, for it is one which is the
result of a good deal of examination in the De-
partment and the committee of the other House;
If there are claims of that sort, they can come as
they have often done to Congress for relief, and
obtain it. I understand from the Department that
there has been a great variety of these claims,
where the testimony is and must necessarily be
ex parte, remote, uncertain, and vague; and their
opinion is, and I think it entitled to great respect,
that this bill should be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I admit that the opinion of
the Department is entitled to great respect, and
I thought I was speaking in harmony with that
opinion. To try the sense of the Senate, I move
that the word " established "be strickcn from the
bill, and the word "filed" inserted. That will
accomplish the object I desire.
Mr. KING. I hope not. There are a great
mass of papers there out of which a great variety
of these claims that have been rejected may be
revived under this amendment. I think it better
to leave claims as ancientas these to be examined
by Congress; and that is the opinion of the De-
partment. I submitted the bill itself to them, so
that I know this is the bill that meets their ap-
proval.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
bill read. I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The language of the bill
seems to cut olf those who have applied for pen-
sions before the passage of the bill but have not
established their claims. Is that the intention of
the committee ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir; and the vote has been
taken on that very pioposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. To cut off all the pending
applications without examination?
Mr. KING. The proposition to exclude them
from the operation of the bill has been voted down.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Rhode
Island perhaps did not pay attention to the fact
that I moved an amendment to the bill to substi-
tute the word "filed" for the word " established,"
so as to save certain meritorious claimants that
did file their claims during the lifetime of these
men, but were not able to establish them before
their death. There was a manifest justice in that
proposition, which I thought the Senate would at
once see, but they voted it down. Because some
persons have been so fortunate as to establish their
claims, they aie saved by this bill. Theie are
others perhaps that have not pressed their claims
with aa much pertinacity, but they filed them
during their lifetime,and their descendants areas
much entitled to pensions as any one, and yet by
this bill they would be cut off unless my amend-
ment be added. If the amendment that I sug-
gested could be adopted,it would save those cases,
which are as meritorious as any other cases which
have ever been presented.
Mr. KING. I did not desire to speak in rela-
tion to any of these claims, or the manner in which
they were got up; but it is peihaps proper for me
now to say that it is the enormity in the view of
the Department of some of the cases already filed
that has induced them to ask for the passage of
the act anda return to the ancient rule. No claims
of this sort were formerly allowed. It is a recent
change of the practice of the Department to open
these claims after the prior adjudications upon
them. It is the character of some of those which
have been filed that has produced the necessity
for the passage of this act.
Mr. POMEROY. If we simply provide that
these claims shall not be cut off, it does not ne-
cessarily follow that they will be allowed. I have
proposed simply to say, that if they have been
filed during the lifetime of the soldier or officer,
they shall not be cut olf. That does not provide
that they shall be allowed, but that they shall'be
considered. This bill, as it stands, prevents the
Department from consideringthem, from investi-
gating theiu at all. I do not think Congress ought
to forever exclude persons simply because they
