14;16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
may oot have prosecuted their claims success-
fully, but have filed them and done everything
they could do in the premises.
Mr. KING. All that this bill does is to refer
the claimants, under the old rules and practices of
the country, to Congress for relief in those cases;
.but if they aie reserved to be acted upon by the
Department on ex parte testimony, vague and un-
certain,and without any ability to reach the facts
by a conclusive evidence and examination all
around, they may, according to the practice and
decisions there under rules recently adopted, be
allowed, although really in the judgment of the
Department they ought not to be. If they come
to Congress they will have full and thorough ex-
amination, and be decided on quite as liberal rules
as they are ordinarily decided at the Department.
I think they had better come to Congress.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
APPOINTMENT OF GENERALS.
Mr. GRIMES. Some days ago, sir, I intro-
duced a resolution on the subject of the appoint-
ment of brigadier generals in the United States
Army, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia. That resolution
has not been reported upon cither favorably or
unfavorably by the committee, and I now move
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, in order to bring it before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be upon the motion to discharge the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia fiom the
further consideration of the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Grimes on the 10th ofMarch,
and then referred to that committee:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate no persons
should bo commissioned a.' genei.ih ot divisions or brigades
cxccpt such as bhali exhibit superior competency in the
command of men, or gallantry in action against the enemy.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I do not profess
to believe that the resolution, as 1 submitted it, is
as perfect as it ought to be. I merely desire to get
it before the Senate in order that we may put it
in the proper form, and then express to the coun-
try and to those who have the authority to appoint
general officers in the Army, what are our con-
victions as to the proper course to be pursued. I
wish the Senate and the country to know that at
this time there have been appointed one hundred
and eighty brigadier generals in the United States
Army—one hundred and seventy-two irregular
or volunteer brigadier generals and eight briga-
diers m the regular Army. The pay of these
officers is $3,054a year, including their legitimate
pajr proper and a portion of the commutation of
their rations; but in addition to that, they draw
upon an average, as I have learned by investiga-
tion, a commutation for quarters amounting to
$300 each,a commutation for fuel amounting upon
an average to ninety-six dollars each, a small
commutation for lights; and besides they receive
medical attendance, drugs, medicines,and station-
ery free. I think it safe to say that the expenses
to the United States growing out of the appoint-
ment of brigadier generals alone is $1,000,000 a
year.
Now, sir, I am prepared to say, and I think the
facts justify me in saying, that the necessities of
the Army and the country do not require one half
of this number of brigadier generals. We went
through the Mexican war with only three gen-
erals m the field, l'rigades and divisions were
then commanded by colonels. Regiments were
commanded by captains. In some instances regi-
ments were commanded by first lieutenants. They
acted bravely; they vindicated the honor of the
country; they upheld the honor of its flag upon
eveiy field. The comparative expense, therefore,
of con ducting that war with office i s enjoying those
ranks was nothing at all by the side of the expense
that we are now incurring.
I want to have it understood that I, for one, am
opposed to this constant aggrandizement of the
Army. I know that if we are to encourage and
agree to and assent to this constant increase of
officers, it will be impossible for us, when we get
them established upon us, to shake them off, for
thqy will stick to the country and to the Treasury
like leaches, and i know that if they do the re-
sources and the cuergiuaof this country will soon
be exhausted.
In addition to this number of brigadiers and I
think the number ought to appall any lover of his
country—we have twenty major generals; and all
the staffs, composed of commissaries and quarter-
masters, and brigade surgeons, and adjutant gen-
erals and paymasters, are upon a corresponding
magnitude and attended with a corresponding ex-
pense. We have to-day brigadiers enough,if they
had the command which is supposed to belong to
a brigadier, that is three regiments, to be placed
at the head of seven hundred and twenty thousand
men. We all know we have not got any such num-
ber as that. What, therefore, is the necessity for
constantly increasing this number? Can anybody
tell us? I apprehend not.
I say, Mr. President, that the number of staff
officers, corresponds with the number of geneial
officers and we have got to-day the largest Army,
the best fed Army, the best clothed Army, the best
paid Army on the globe.
Mr. CLARK, and others. How is it com-
manded ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to say how it
is commanded. I am only talking now as I want
to put myself upon the record, because I know that
in the course of a few months this question and
some other questions of economy have got to comc
home to us when our constituents shall be called
upon to pay the direct taxes that they will be re-
quired to pay to support these brigadier and major
generals and their ad juncts and assistants. There
is one class of officers that ought to be increased
instead of diminished—I allude to those that are
connected with your hospitals—your surgeons. I
confess that I am willing to go as far as any gen-
tleman will go in increasing the number of that
class of officers; but 1 want to stop, and I desire the
Senate to know that I want to stop, I desire my
constituents to know that I want to stop where we
are in the appointment of brigadier generals and
other general officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I concur
with the Senator from Iowa in the opinion that
we have had quite enough general officers nomi-
nated. Still, sir, I think the Senator is somewhat
mistaken in some of the views he has expressed.
We have in the field something more than six
hundred regiments, making one hundred and fifty
brigades, and, of course, they require one hun-
dred arid fifty brigadier generals. We have forty-
five or fifty divisions of the Army, and they re-
quire so many general officers. Then wo have
several departments or corps d'armee in the ser-
vice, which require some ten or fifteen general
officers. We have had nominated one hundred
and seventy-five brigadier generals for the volun-
teers, and about twenty major generals. I be-
lieve the one hundred and seventy-fifth brigadier
general was nominated this morning,and his name
will be down here by and by. A few of these nom-
inations, I believe, we have rejected; a few more
I certainly hope we shall reject for the good of the
service and the credit of the country.
The Senator says that we went through the
Mexican war with only three generals. Can the
Senator have forgotten the generals we made m
that war? There were a larger number of gen-
erals made in that war than has been made in this,
according to the number of men. Has he for-
gotten Pierce and Pillow and Lane and Cushtng
and duitman and Shields and Patterson and Cad-
walader, and a large number of brigadiers nomi-
nated during that war? Why, sir, we had more
general officers in the Mexican war than we have
had in this, and we had more in the Revolution,
according to the number of men employed. We
have had really fewer general officers in this war,
in proportion, than in any war that this country
has ever been engaged in; and it is only lately
that we began to have the number of general offi-
cers requisite to take their proper places and have
their proper commands. I believe that the effi-
ciency of the military service of the country re-
quires that every department of the Army, fiom
a company to a cotps d'armee^ should be properly
officered, officered according to law and to mili-
tary rules, for the number and grade of officers
so fixed is the result of the best military expe-
rience of the world.
I am inclined to think with the Senator that we
are making too many brigadiers out of untried
men; that upon the battle-fields which are yet to
be fought there may be a display of military ca-
pacity which ought to be recognized and encour-
aged by the country. We have confirmed,! think,
one hundred and thirty-one brigadiers of volun-
teers. There are something like forty before us
who have not been confirmed. Some of these are
men of unquestioned capacity and fitted for the
position. I think they ought to be confirmed and
sent into the field. £>ut we have here the names
of a class of men who I think ought to be rejected,
and I think we ought to reject them soon.
I do not see what can be gained by passing any
special vote on the subject; but if the Senator from
Iowa believes that he can arrest the tide that comes
in here every day bearing upon its bosom a brig-
adier general or a number of brigadiers, certainly
I have no objection. I think we have gone at
present quite far enough.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I concur generally in the
views that have been expressed by the Senators
who have preceded me, upon this subject; and if
any other mode could have been well adopted,
than that proposed by the honorable Senatorfrom
Iowa, to bring this question before the Senate, I
should have been glad; but I see no other.
Sir, the difficulty is in part with us, and it arises
from the fact that we are so ready to lend our
names and our influence to certain gentlemen be-
cause they belong to our own States, who desire
to be appointed brigadier generals. I do not say
that it is not a weakness on the part of the exec-
utive officers, whoever they may be, who control
this matter, to yield to such solicitations; but if
there is blame anywhere it ought not to rest wholly
with them; we ought to be ready to take our share
of it. Why, sir, 1 had a paper sent to me yester-
day, and I suppose every other Senator had one
of a like description, a large printed paper, with
i ecommendations from diflerent gentlemen in New
York, Mr. This and Mr. That—I did not read all
the names, but there were the aldermen of New
York, the common council of New York, divers
important companies, and representatives and sen-
ator in the Legislature of New York, and so on—
recommending a certain gentleman for the office
of brigadier general. Now, sir, I undertake to
say that, so far as I am concerned, if a man wants
to be a brigadier general, and he is actually in ser-
vice, and is not willing to leave it upon his merits,
but troubles himself to get up recommendations
from corporate bodies and different kinds of peo-
ple to bring him to the notice of the country, and
will take that, being a military man, as a mode of
advancement, it is enough of an argument for me
to vote against him. The presumption is, as a
friend suggests to me, that when an officer in ser-
vice takes this course, he is sensible that he needs
something outside of his merits as an officer in
order to advance him.
The difficulty goes beyond that. We are del-
icate m our sensibilities with regard to our friends
at home, and I am perfectly willing to say that
perhaps I am as much so as anybody; and if a
gentleman's name is piesentcd heic as a candidate
or a nominee for a military office from our own
States, of course our patriotism extends to getting
him in, although it may go far enough to exclude
others from other States, where the matter is not
particularly interesting to us.
Now, sir, with these difficulties pressing upon
us, and the difficulty resting with Senators and
Representatives who continually recommend peo-
ple and press them upon the Executive for ap-
pointments to these military offices, as it is noto-
riously the fact that they do, something ought to
be done m order to establish a rule about it, or,
at any rate, on an abstract question to express the
general opinion of the Senate that this thing ought
to be stopped, if it is going too far; and then the
President will know that our recommendations
are mere matters of form, and do not mean any-
thing after that, if they apply simply to gentle-
men from our own particular locality.
Itis absolutely necessary, in my judgment, that
Congress should biing itself to consider the ques-
tion of expense, and as well with reference to their
own particular friends as to anybody else. They
should remember that the country has to pay for
if, and that we should not have any more of these
gentlemen appointed, if we can help it, than are
necessary in order propel ly to command the Army.
It is not for me to say how many may be neces-
sary; but let gentlemen look at the question for a
moment. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts says there are so many brigades in the Army.
We all know there aie a great many more than
Congress ever intended there should be; that we
