1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S77
should yield to the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Sir, I hope the Congress of the United
States is not to put upon the statute-book of the
country a law by which the tens of thousands of
persons in this country who are dealing out ar-
dent spirits to the destruction of the health and life
of hundreds of thousands and the morals of the
nation, are to be raised to a respectable position
by paying the Federal Government twenty dol-
lars for a license to do so.
Sir, in some of the States we have laws for-
bidding the retailing of ardent spirits, but in spite
of these laws, thousands of persons are retailing
spirits to the great injury of the community. Is
it intended to go into the State of Massachusetts,
where there are, in spite of prohibitory laws,
several thousand rumsellers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow me
to call his attention to section sixty-three, page
77 of the hill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have read
it, sir; but I desired to put the question whether
the Senator expected in the State of Massachu-
setts to grant these licenses. I understand he does
not. Does he expect to go into the neighboring
State of Connecticut? The Senator from Connec-
ticut can tell me whether they have any law there
forbidding the sale of ardent spirits.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir; much more stringent
than the law of Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 understood
they had passed such a law, but I thought it had
been modified or repealed.
Mr. FOSTER. It never has been repealed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am glad
to hear that tlie law is still on their statute-books.
I hope it is more faithfully executed than it is in
my State.
Mr. FOSTER. I am afraid it is not any better.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe in
the State of New York they have no such law,
and they have several thousand liquor dealers. 1
believe there are some seven or eight thousand in
the city of Now York.
Mr. KING. They are licensed to sell by
retail.
Mr. WILSON. They license liquor dealers in
that State; we do not license them in my State.
According to the provisions of this bill, no one
can retail liquors without a license; and no one is
authorized by it to sell against State laws. If the
Senator from Maine gets any money from my
State, he does it by granting a license to sell in
violation of the laws of the State. But in the city
of New York we are told that they license per-
sons to sell liquor. Now, the Federal Govern-
ment comes in and gives every liquor dealer—the
man who is dealing out ruin to tens of thousands
in that city—the additional privilege of doing it
by paying twenty dollars to the Federal Govern-
ment. Sirfin my judgment, the adoption of such
a proposition will' have a most demoralizing in-
fluence. It will give additional power, if not
respectability, to every man to whom you give
authority to sell under the Federal Government.
The gianting of a license by any city or any State
to a man to sell rum gives a sort of respectability
to his business. He knows it and he feels it; for
he is acting in accordance with the authoiity of
the law. When he has no such authority, when
the law of his State forbids it, he kfiows that he
is acting in violation of the laws of his State.
Now, take a State where they have no authority
to license, and have no prohibitions, and no reg-
ulations whatever. There the Federal Govern-
ment, for twenty dollars, gives a license to sell
rum to poison the people, to make wives and chil-
dren beggars. I would as soon have this Gov-
ernment license gambling houses or houses of ill
fame; and it would be just as creditable to this
Congress. I believe that such a provision sanc-
tions the grossest immorality; that it will have
the most deleterious effect upon the prosperity of
the nation an^ the morals of this nation. For the
sake of putting a few thousand dollars into the
Treasury, we, the people of the United States, are
to give licenses to sell rum. That is the whole
of it.
The Senator from Maine has told us several
times since this bill was before the Senate that our
object was to put money into the Treasury. I do
not agree to the declaiation That we want to put
money into the Treasury is true; that the primary
object of this bill is to put money into the Treas-
ury is also true; but there is something over and
above putting money in the Treasury; and that
is, so to arrange this mode of putting money in
the Treasury that it shall not interfere with the
business interests of the country, and, above all,
that it shall not tend to demoralize this people and
dishonor the nation. Every Senator knows that
this nation has been, and is being, demoralized
by the rum traffic. Every man knows that our
Army of five or six hundred thousand men in the
field has been greatly demoralized by the sale and
use of rum. 1 saw a letter a day or two ago from
one of the most accomplished officers in the ser-
vice in the State of Kentucky, and he said more
men in the Army of the United States were slaugh-
tered by whisky than by the balls of the enemy.
Since this war opened we have lost thousands of
of lives by rum. Sir, with this nation suffering
as it is suffering by the sale of ardent spirits, the
Congress of the United States proposes to give its
sanction to the traffic. I would as soon give my
sanction to the traffic of the slave trade as I would
to the sale of liquors. This nation comes forward
and proposes to give a sort of sanction to the liquor
traffic by taking twenty dollars out of the pockets
of the men who, by dealing out poisons to the
people, have wrung them from suffering wives and
children. Sir, I hope that this provision will be
stricken out of the bill, and that this Government
will not put any money out of the earnings of retail
rumsellers into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr, FESSENDEN. My friend from Massa-
chusetts has been so long in Washington, away
from the theater of his early exploits on the sub-
ject of temperance, that I do not know but there
was some danger of his losing caste at home in
that particular; but this speech will save him,
[laughter,] and so far itis a very good thing. But
now let us look at the facts a little, and look at the
consistency of the thing. Why did not my friend
object to the tax on distilled liquors?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is a
different affair. I would tax them so as to kill
them, if I could.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not object to that?
Are we not giving respectability to the distilling
ofliquois? Certainly we are; we take a tax out
of them, and we put the money into our Treas-
ury for distilled spirits. Horrid! We are giving
it respectability; sanctioning it! All the teaisof
widows and orphans are to be charged to us, be-
cause we make the traffic burdensome, and take
a revenue out of it! Why not object to the tax
upon licenses to rectifiers who make brandy and
rum and gin? My friend was silent on that sub-
ject. That certainly is a horrible trade m the
same way; but we put money in ourpurse from
that source. Why not object to the tax on bil-
liard tables? They say it is very bad to have
billiard tables and to play billiards. Why tax
them, and bowling alleys, and jugglers, and feats
of pieslidigitation?—I believe that is it; it is a long
word, and very hard to pronounce. Why not
carry out the objection ?
Sir, the simple answer to the whole thing is this:
these are trades and occupations. In a great ma-
jority of the States they are not prohibited; the
States have not seen fit to interfere with them.
Therefore, they will distill liquor; they will rec-
tify liquor. In my State we do not allow liquor
to be distilled, even. We cannot make rum. The
molasses made into rum is sent to Massachusetts.
They distill there yet, and we buy from Massa-
chusetts, if we want it. We cannot ill Maine
even distill it; we cannot manufacture it.
Mr. GRIMES. You can drink it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a great deal to bo
found there; but they will not allow it to be dis-
tilled or to be made in Maine. In most States,
however, it may be distilled; it may be letailed;
it may be sold m any way; and we cannot help
it. Now, the United States looking at it as a fact
that tins business as a business is cairied on, and
looking upon the luxuries and the vices of men as
the most proper source of revenue in the world,
just lay their hands upon it, and say, if you will
'do these tilings you shall pay for it; we lay a tax
upon it. It is no worse as applied to retailers of
liquors than it is as applied to rectifiers or dis-
tillers of liquor. If my friend would be consistent,
he must go forward and object to the whole of it,
and strike out twenty-five millions of our pro-
posed one hundred millions of revenue. Does his
patriotism go as far as that ? I should think not.
Now, sir, to see that the United States Govern'
ment will not interfere in any form where any
State choose to legislate on the subject,-yuu havet
only to turn to the sixty-third section, 77th page,
where it is provided:
That no license hereinbefore provided for, if granted,
shall be construed to authorize the commencement or con-
tinuation ofany trade, business, occupation, or employment
therein mentioned, within any State or Territory of the
United States in which itis or shall be specially prohibited
by the laws thereof.
So that no license can be granted in Maine, or
if a license is ever granted, the man must make
what he can of it. He is liable to have his shop
shut up, and his liquor seized and poured into the
gutter; but if he chooses to put twenty dollars
into the Treasury of the United States under such
circumstances, I am perfectly willing he should,
and the more the better; and we will take care of
therxi as well as &e can down in Maine with ref-
erence to that. There is no greatdanger of a man
taking out a license to retail liquor in Massachu-
setts when the laws of Massachusetts may lay
their hands upon that man, seize his liquor, pour
it into the gutter, and subject him to fine and im-
prisonment for selling it. There is no very great
danger of a large revenue being derived from
licenses to sell liquor, either in Massachusetts or
Maine.
Now, sir, you must carry this objection through,
if it is made at all. If we are to be so exceed-
ingly squeamish as to say we will not take a tax
from a thing that wo consider to be wrong, and
yet which is acknowledged to be a legitimate and
proper business by a majority of the States of
this Union, we are just throwing aside the prin-
ciple upon which taxes have been laid heretofore;
and that is, taxing the luxuries and the vices of
the community as the most proper subjects of tax-
ation. According to the newspapers, I have been
on both sides of this question; I have been what
they call a " ramrod" down in Maine, because I
supported the Maine law; while the other side
denounced me as a "rummy;" so that, haying
been on both sides at the same time, I consider
myself perfectly impartial on thissubject. [Laugh-
ter.] I see no very great objection, so long as we
do not interfere with Maine, Massachusetts, or
any State that sees fit to prohibit it, to put a heavy
tax upon what we consider to be the vices of the
community, and the heaviest we can on those who
contribute most to those vices. I think we are
doing good by it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance inhere is
any provision for a penalty for selling spirituous
liquors without the Government license.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general pro-
vision m the first part in regard to those who carry
on business without a license.
Mr. ANTHONY. "What is the penalty?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a fine. I will refer
the Senator to the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] who had this matter of license under his
particular charge.
Mr. ANTHONY. In those States, Maine and
Massachusetts, where no licenses are granted, the
business is carried on, I suppose, quite as exten-
sively—it is in our State—as it is in States where
licenses are granted; and there ought to be some
mode provided in this bill whereby men who sell
spirituous liquors contrary to law should at least
be made to pay to the general Treasury as well as
those who sell according to law. . .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same provisions
apply to them as to all other persons who under-
take to do business without a license. There is
no distinction made.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the penalty?
Mr! HOWE. Three times the amount of the
license. „ ,
Mr. ANTHONY. That covers the case.
Mr! HOWE. In the fifty-fifth section of the
bill, as reported to the Senate, at the bottom of
the 59th page, it is piovidetl:
That if anv poison 01 person* <.hall cxc-eNe or farry on
any tiade or business heieinaftcr mentioned, for the exer-
cising or earning on of winch trade 01 business a license
is"ieqtined by'ilns act, without taking out f.uch license as
is in that behali required, he, she, or they shall, for every
such ofFeiw.% ro-poetivelv, forfeit a penally equal to three
times the amount of the duty or bum of money imposed for
such licensc, &c.
