1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
intended in the beginning, and we so legislated,
that the number of \oiunteers to be raised should
be limited to five hundred thousand; but although
Congress in its language "expressed the idea, and
it was stated so over and over again, it accident-
ally gave a power which extended toamillion,or
was so construed as to extend to a million, and
under that our Army has been swollen up to over
seven hundred thousand men. At this day 1 do
not think a man can be found anywhere who will
say that half a million are not all that we can pos-
sibly need or use; and yet we have thisnumberof
troops in the service, though not actually in the
field. There are regiments in my own State to-
day that have been raised, staying there—who
have been staying there for months—paid by the
Government, efficient men, the choice men of our
State, waiting and begging to be called into the
field and not to be left there doing nothing; not
armed; ready to do everything, anxious to be in
service; and the answer is, "wo have no occasion
for you; we have got so many men here—more
than we know what to do withmen who make
y most elegant appearance on days of review, and
who undoubtedly would fight well if they could
onlv get a chance. There are more men than the
Government knows what to do with here on the
Potomac to-day. What occasion is thcie to send
for others? So it is in every State in the Union;
there are men who are paid from month to month,
and who have been paid for months, not armed,
not called into the field, absolutely for the reason
that the Government has no occasion to use them;
and yet no step is taken to disband these men.
Why not disband them, if they are not wanted?
Because we have seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand, if that is the number—two hundred and fifty
thousand more than we ever intended to have—
therefore my friend fioni Massachusetts argues
you must have a numbei of generals to corre-
spond ! 1 dare say we have more brigadier gen-
erals to-day than there are brigades organized.
Can lie tell me that, we have not?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
i>t least foi ty or fifty brigades commanded by col-
onels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I suppose they are
making some other use of the generals. Probably
some of them are not fit to command.
Mr. SHERMAN. The generals are buying
poik and beans foi the Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of them are em-
ployed in various descriptions of service and not
in the field. What is the reason why we should
go on and appoint generals to correspond with a
number of men that are not needed and are not
used ' It is extravagance of the most wanton kind;
and we may as well express our opinions upon
it openly and let the country understand it. I
mean to wash my hands of it. I have tried to do
so heie over and over again lepeatedly. I offered
a proposition the other day to stop all enlistments
until the Army should be reduced to the proper
level, until wo should get down to the number we
wanted, and no more. My friend fiom Massa-
chusetts said we should have a bill soon where I
could put on my amendment. I have not seen his
bill yet; as soon as he brings it along so that I
can put on my amendment I will, and I hope it
will be foithcommg very soon. I understand,
however, timl the Department has absolutely
stopped enlistments, but whether that be so or
not, it is best to reduce it to shape and have a law
on the subject. The country is ready to raise, I
am ready tor my constituents to say and we will
all say that they will laise, whatever number of
men may be needed, and put them m the field,
and set them to doing the work we want done;
but why should we saddle the country with a
quarter of a million of men more than aie needed,
and simply for no other reason than because A,
13, C, D, E, and F, and so on through the alpha-
bet, are continually pressing for authoiity to raise
nun who are not needed: I for one thank my
friend from Iowa for introducing this resolution,
for if !t has no other effect it gives an opportunity
for those of us who desire to do so, to express to
the country our anxious wish to stop this wanton
waste.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The >Sen-
atorfiom Maine the other day proposed to reduce
the numberof men authorized by law down to five
hundred thousand. I agiee with him m that.
Still we have not been able to do it. It was sug-
gested also that we ought to stop recruiting. I
agree to that; I have over and over again been to
the War Office and urged upon the Department to
stop recruiting in every part of the country. We
have had the promise that it should be done; yet
every day in different parts of the country we have
accounts of men being raised and brought forth to
fill up the ranks of regiments. The papers tell
us that in Tennessee and other parts of the coun-
try where our armies move, we are filling up the
ranks of the Army. I believe we have to-day one
hundred and fifty thousand more men under the
pay of the Government than we need or can well
use. I have not a doubt of it; and I think it ought
to be checked. I think the War Department ought
to issue peremptory orders forbidding the enlist-
ment of another soldier into the volunteer force of
the United States until the time shall come when
we need them. We can obtain them anytime
when we need them.
Then, sir. there is another thing that ought to
he done; and I have pressed that on the War Of-
fice for weeks; and I suppose they are trying to
do it; for I want it to be understood I make no
complaintofthc manner in which business is done
in that office. They have a great deal to do, and
a great deal must necessarily escape their atten-
tion. It is this: we have thousands of men in the
volunteer force of the country unfit for duty. I
know regiments that have moved down the river
that have left forty and fifty men behind them
about Washington who want to be discharged and
who ought to be discharged, and who would be dis-
charged if the medical men would attend promptly
and vigorously to their business. We have m
this Army, with a great deal of energy and vigor,
a great deal of this how not to do a thing. 1
think we have a great deal of that in that portion
of the Army. We have thousands of men who
ought to be discharged fiom the Army of theUni-
ted States, tor they are physically unfit to bear
the bin dens of a campaign, and most of these men
desire to be discharged.
Now, sir, the Senator from Iowa thinks it will
be difficult for us to get rid of these generals.
We make them easily. I do not think, as a gen-
eral rule, any difficulty will grow out of making
them, more than other ofliceis. I think we shall
get rid of them just as easily as we make them.
Mr. GRIMES. They are very much like bad
habits, easily contracted, but hard to get wd of.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, sir,
it may be so; but 1 apprehend, after all, that the
Congress of the United States that makes armies
and makes generals, can unmake armies and un-
make generals. Although I know there are men
who think this army will not be easily disbanded,
and I have heard general officers express that
opinion, I believe that when this war is overyou
can disband the army and send these men to
their homes as easily as you can turn your hand
over. I have no fear of it at all. The great part
of the officers and the men of this army are here
for patriotic purposes, are doing the duties of
patriots, and they desire to go home to then- pri-
vate avocations as soon as the war is over. It
may be rather hard for some of these gentlemen
that we have taken from the ranks of the regular
Army, the captains whom we have made gen-
erals, to go back and be captains again; but they
will have to do it, or go outof the service. I have
no fears in that direction. The only anxiety I
have in regaid to the army is this: in the first
place, to have the force that it is necessary to raise
to crush this rebellion well and properly officered,
and to manage the whole matter with as much
economy as we possibly can. I have no other
anxieties than that, no fears of the future.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have listened tothegen-
tleman with some interest. lie says we can make
such and such efforts, but the gentleman himself
does nothing. He goes to the War Department
and they do not carry his views into effect. Bills
are passed here, but no legislation is had on the
subject. I observe that there was an effoitmade
to tiyto organize, and reduce if we could, and
embody the cavalry. 1 do not even know what
has become of that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It has passed
the Senate, but they cannot pass it in the House.
Mi. COLLAMER. I knew it had passed hens
and was pending between the two Houses; but 1
beheve it amounted to very little or nothing when
we got done with it. The Senate, I know, tried
to reduce it to thirty regiments. Now we talk
about generals, and nothing is done on the sub-
ject. I do not wish to make any remarks on this
topic; but it is said we have enlisted in various
parts of the country a great many more men than
are needed, and more than we intended: It is
done—I mean legislatively done. We talk about
it and talk about it; but there is no bill, no law,
to stop it; we do not act on anything to stop it.
Having this amount of men raised, the President
is authorized to appoint generals for as many brig-
ades as that number of men make; and while we do
not mean to have the number of men, yet he makes
the number of generals. We cannot even talk in
this body at this time on this subject of generals.
The nominations we have before us are in exec-
utive session, and it seems to me this is a proper
topic for consideration in executive session. If
we find our number of troops coming up to an
amount of brigades that we do not mean to have
and do not intend to have, I think we ought to
communicate with the Executive on that subject
in executive session, i cannot even talk about
that here. It has got so now that even the Pres-
identsays he does not make the nominations. He
nominates A B because C D has requested it. It
has goteven to that; and that is entertained by the
Senate; at least I have not known any of that kind
rejected. Now, sir, I think this topic ought to be
discussed in executive session; I think we ought
to consider it there; and I desire to be understood
as voting against the resolution on that ground
simply, because 1 think thatis the place where the
proper measures should be taken on this subject.
The motion to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of the resolution was not
agreed to.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON ARMS.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senate to take up and
consider the bill in relation to the remission of
duties on arms imported by States, which was
reported by the Committee on Finance yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 120) m addition to an act to re-
fund and remit the duties on arms imported by
States, approved July 10, 1861. The bill pro-
poses to extend the authority given to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund and remit the du-
ties and imposts on all arms imported into the
United States by or for the account of any State,
as provided in the act of July 10, 1861, to all
arms which may be imported during the existing
war.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill,
with an amendment, to strike out the words " to
all aims which may be imported during the ex-
isting war," and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
Onlj to arm^ for which orders or contracts were made
prior to the 1st dav of Januaiy, I860: Provided, That said
Srcretaiy shall have satislactoryproofs exhibited to him that
the >aid arms were actually pmcha.sed m a fureijjn coun-
tiy for account ot a State, and that the price paid for the
same by the State was only the fir-^t cost, and the usual and
customary ehaiges attending the purchase and importation
ot the same, exclusive of duty.
Mr. KING. I think the word " only" in the
amendment had better be omitted. It is a re-
straint upon the provision. The object of the bill
is to extend the provision of the law passed July
10, 1861, which I will read:
That lb" Secietarv of the Treasury be, and he i-s hereby,
authoi ized and directed to refund and remit the duties! and
imposts on ail ai ms imported into the United States since the
Kt day of Maj last, oi which may he unpoited before the 1st
dav <>i Januarv next, by or for the account of any State:
Pi n i ided, The Secretary of the Treasuty shall be satisfied
that the said aims are intended, m good faith, tor the use
of the troops of any State which is or may be engaged in
aiding toMipprpps the insurrection now existing against
the United States.
The object of this bill is to provide for the ad-
mission into the country free of duty of all arms
which wereordered prior to the lstof January,and
the importation of which was not completed until
since that date. The State of New York has four
thousand, two thousand of which have arrived,
as I am informed, and one object of the bill is to
extend the provision to them. I apprehend the
literal and propei construction of the word (< only"
would be a confinement, a still further restraint
upon the original bill. Let it be extended to arms
that were oidered prior to the 1-st day of January,
and to them only. I do not want it extended to
