1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3337
every one of our own ports; we made a universal
blockade, not of an enemy's ports, but of our own.
Mr. COLLAMER. An embargo.
Mr. HALE. No odds what you call it, it was
substantially a blockade. We prevented com-
mercial vessels in our own ports from going abroad
and we prevented vessels from coming here. But
I will not enlarge on this'subject. My ideas are
entirely adverse to the proposition. I- think it is
a mistake.
Mr. COWAN. I have very great doubts as to
our ability to delegate this power to the President.
It is given in the same clause which authorizes us
to declare war 
Mr. COLLAMER. This is copied exactly
from the act of 1812.
Mr. COWAN. That may be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the further consideration of
this bill is set aside by the special order of the day,
which is Senate bill No. 394.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not expect to succed, but
I make the motion that the special order be set
aside for the purpose of enabling us to dispose of
this bill.
Mr. KING. The special order is the militia
bill, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 394) to amend the act to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, approved February 28, 1795.
Mr. KING. It is essential that that bill be
acted upon at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was not agreed to.
PENSIONS TO MASTERS OF G0NBOATS.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask unanimous consent to
makeareportfromtheCommitteeon Pensions. A
joint resolution has come from the House of Rep-
resentatives making a slight addition to the pen-
sion bill which passed both Houses a few days ago.
By a casual omission, masters on board gunboats
were omitted from the benefits given in this bill.
This joint resolution is intended to supply that
omission. The resolution having been, I think,
rather hastily drawn, contains some inaccuracies
which make it necessary to amend the resolution
slightly. That the committee propose to do, and
as amended I hope the Senate will consent to pass
it, and to act upon it at the present time. The
resolution is in but a few lines, and I think it will
take but a few moments to read it, and dispose
of it.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 105) to grant pensions to masters and other
officers upon the gunboats in the service of the
United States was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is designed to enact that the masters and other
officers of gunboats employed in the service of the
United States shall be entitled to all the benefits,
including bounty and pension, provided for in an
v act entitled " An act to grant pensions," passed
during the present session of Congress, and the
masters of such gunboats are to receive the pen-
sion allowed by such act to captains in the Navy;
and pilots and engineers, the pension allowed by
that act to lieutenants in the Navy; and the wid-
ows, mothers, and heirs of such officers are to be
entitled to all the benefits of that act.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pen-
sions was in line three, after the word " masters,"
to strike out " and other officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in lines seven, eight, nine,and t^n:
And the masters of such gunboats shall receive the pen-
sion allowed by such act to captains in the Navy; and
pilots and engineers the pension allowed by said act to
lieutenants in the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, to strike
out the word "that."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words ** above named" after " officers," in line
eleven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, its tftle was
amended by striking out the words "and other
officers."
JAMBS N. MULLER.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to report back the bill (H.
II. No. 510) for the relief of James N. Muller,
supervising inspector of steamboats for the third
supervising district, without amendment, and to
recommend its passage*, and I ask the unanimous
consent to put it on its passage now.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It will re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of JamesN. Muller for services
rendered as supervising inspector of steamboats
for the third supervising district, and to allow him
the compensation provided by law for the period
commencing on the 6th day of August, 1861, and
ending on the 2d day of December, 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 394) to
amend the act calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, approved February 28, 1795, and
the acts amendatory thereof, and for other pur-
poses; the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman, to insert after the word
"descent," in the second line of section thirteen,
the words "who by the laws of a State owes ser-
vice or labor to any person who, during the pres-
ent rebellion, has waged war against the United
States, or has aided or assisted said rebellion."
Air. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to give noticc
that if this amendment is voted down, 1 shall pro-
pose the following:
Pi-ouWct?, That in all cases where such man, boy, mother,
child, or children nhall owe service or labor to any loyal
citizen by any law, usage, or custom, such loyal citizen
bh^tll he entitled to receive just compensation for the loss
of the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to modify my amend-
ment, so as to make it conform exactly to the vote
of the Senate the other day. I move to insert, after
the word "descent," in the second line of the
thirteenth section, the words " who, by the laws
of any State, shall owe service or labor to any
person who, during the present rebellion, has
levied war or has borne arms against'the United
States,or adhered to theirenemies by giving them
aid and comfort;" so as to make the section read:
That when any man or boy of African descent who, by the
laws of any State, shall owe service or labor to any person
who, during the present rebellion, has levied war or has
borne arms against the United States, or adhered to their
enemies by giving them aid and comfort, shall render any
such service as is provided for in this act, he, his mother,
and his wife and child, shall forever thereafter be free, &c.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire now to make
a statement to the Senator from Ohio; lie was not
in when I was up before. There is a practical
difficulty in adopting the amendment he has offered
if we propose to use the slaves. We propose to
use them in fighting. We have in Kansas, as re-
ported to me, six thousand four hundred slaves.
Out of this number we expect to get two regi-
ments of infantry. A large portion of these slaves
belong to loyal masters. 1 undertake to say that
one third of these slaves belong to loyal masters.
The idea of organizing these men into regiments,
inducing them to fight for the country and against
its enemies, bravely, as I believe they will fight,
and after they have rendered the service, returning
them to slavery, is to me an outrage that the Sen-
ator from Ohio would not in anywise indorse.
After they have fought bravely for freedom, for
the maintenance of the Government, to return
them to slavery is monstrous. By the proposition
that I make, the loyal citizen is not wronged.
We use the slave, and we free him, as did our
fathers in the Revolution, and as they did in the
war of 1812; and if the masters are loyal, we will
remunerate them for the loss of the slaves. No in-
centive can be offered to men that will induce them
to fight more desperately than their freedom. You
say to them that they are to return to slavery after
the war is over, and there is no incentive for
them to light. If you propose to use these negroes
as soldiers, the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio destroys theprobability of making them use-
ful as soldiers. Slaves of loyal and disloyal mas«
ters come away together; they cannot be sepa-
rated, and you throw in among regiments men
who have no incentive to fight, but the contrary.
It seems to me that the Government which will
return to slavery a man who has fought for its
defense, deserves the frowns of the Almighty. ■
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Kansas
would s.carcely take the slave of a loyal person
without paying for him.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the question is, is the
Government of the United States able, at this time,
to pay for all the slaves who may be employed
temporarily, even for an hour, in the service of
the Government? We have gone far enough in
mingling the question of emancipation with the
conduct of this war. It is my deliberate judgment
that we can go no further and act wisely. The'
question of emancipation is a very grave and se-
rious one, that ought not to be mingled with the
war. I am willing to take the slaves of the rebels,
and I am willing: to make them free and employ
them in any service that may be necessary. But
when you propose to go a step beyond that,and to
take the slaves of loyal people who may be them-
selves engaged in the service of the country, and
to deprive the masters of their property, 1 think
it is going entirely too far. Look at the effect of
it. If a slave of a loyal master is engaged one
day in the employment of the United States, it
will cost the Government $1,000 to pay him for
that day's labor. Are we prepared for that? If
this war is to be conducted only with a view to
emancipation, then it may be a pretext for doing
that very unjust and very unwise thing; but if the
war is to be conducted for the purpose of putting
down this rebellion, without regard to emancipa-
tion, except as it is incidentally involved, then
certainly we cannot embark in any such foolish
enterprise. This country will have loads of ob-
ligations and debts of various kinds enough upon
it without incurring such an obligation as this. If
the proposition of the Senator from Kansas should
be now adopted, I can assure the Senate that there
will be claims against this Government which
would swamp it if it did not owe a single other
debt, because, as a matter of course, if we now
stipulate that the slave of every loyal man who is
employed in this war, if he shall even be employed
for only an hour or a day, is thereby to be free,
and if we further stipulate that we will pay the
loyal master for the emancipation of his slave, wo
assume a burden of responsibility that this Gov-
ernment cannot bear.
Mr. POSTER. And wife and children and
mother, besides, are ft be free.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; if the slave of a
loyal man is employed a single day to carry a sin-
gle message in the prosecution of this war, you
may involve the Government of the United States
in an expenditure of $1,000 to repay the service
that may be probably hired for a single dollar.
Now, sir, we cannot embark in such a scheme,
and I warn Senators that they have gone far enough
in this matter. Whenever you affect the property
of a rebel master, I will go with you as far as any
one, because I believe a man who has assisted ill
this rebellion forfeits life and property and slave
and honor and everything. The^e is hardly any-
thing that I would not do to him. Probably I
would carry my vindictive feeling against a rebel
further, almost, than any other man; but when you
propose to touch even the local rights of a loyal
man, who is true to his Government in its time of
trial, I feel like hesitating. My amendment, if it
is adopted, will apply this emancipation clause
simply to the slaves of l-cbels, and under it thou-
sands of slaves will be emancipated. If you adopt
the clause as it now stands, you will emancipate
all the slaves of this country under the pretense
of using them in prosecuting this war. It is un-
just, unfair; and I may say further, that it is un-
manly to avail yourself of this condition of affairs
brought about by rebels, to seize tlie property of
loyal people and deprive them of that property.
It will be unjust. If you go a step further, and
do what the Senator from Kansas desires to do,
pledge the faith of this Government to pay for
every slave of every loyal master who may be
used in this war, you involve the country in finan-
cial ruin.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kansas, and
