1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f^Ur
argument aright, he finds in the circumstances of
the times and the considerations under which the
letter was written sufficient to justify that argu-
ment. He says, that at that time civil war in this
country was not expected; and that when that
letter was written, we cannot presume that the
•honorable Senator from Indiana, the author of the
letter, anticipated any such result. The honora-
ble Senator from Delaware has always deprecated
war; those on that side of the Chamber, sympa-
thizing in his views, had always deprecated war;
I mean war of the United States against the con-
federate States; and therefore he thinks he is au-
thorized to infer that the honorable Senator from
Indiana had no reason to suppose that war by the
United States would be made on the confederate
States, and hence the letter was harmless!
Now, Mr. President, glancing at the state of
facts which existed, let us see whether there is
any force in that argument. The letter is dated
1st March, 1861. What was the state of the coun-
try then? Were we not in a state of civil war?
Does the honorable Senator from Delaware deny
that upon any fair exposition of the principles of
public law we were in a state of civil war? If I
recollect the diary of events at all correctly an in-
dependent government by force of arms had been
inaugurated in the southern portion of this Repub-
lic. On the 21st of February the president of
the so-called southern confederacy nominated as
members of his cabinet: for sccrctary of state,
Mr. Toombs; for secretary of the treasury, Mr.
Memminger; for secretary of war, Mr. L. Pope
Walker. Mr. Davis having been elected presi-
• dent of the confederacy on the 18th of February,
on the 22d of February the collector of Charleston
gave official notice that "all vessels from foreign
States, except Texas, will be treated as foreign
vessels." On the 23d of February United States
property to a great amount, together with the va-
rious Army posts in Texas, were betrayed to that
State by General Twiggs. On the 13th of Feb-
ruary, going a little back, eight thousand Sharp's
rifle-cartridges and ten thousand Sharp's rifle-
primers were seized by the police in New York
on the Charleston steamer.
On the 1st day of March, when the letter in
question was written by the honorable Senator,
this country was involved in a state of civil war;
Mr. Davis, on the 21st, of January, left his seat
in this Senate to inaugurate civil war, with the
open and avowed purpose of dissevering his con-
nection with this Government, and inaugurating
a state of facts in the southern confederacy which
should dismember this Union. And on the 1st of
March he was known to the world, and must of
course have been known to the honorable Senator
from Indiana, to be engaged in the purpose of
overthrowing the authority of this Government
in one half its jurisdiction. Then, sir, according
to the law of nations, he was a traitor to his Gov-
ernment, and upon any fair exposition of law,
might have been convicted of treason, and have
been executed for treason.
What was the condition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana? He was a member of this
Government, sworn to maintain this Government
against all attempts to overthrow it, cither by for-
eign or domestic enemies. That was his duty.
To aid, to countenance Jefferson Davis in his pur-
pose to overthrow this Government, was what?
Treason, of course. Any citizen of the United
States who should lend to him encouragement in
carrying on that war which he had begun would
be guilty of treason, as a matter of course; and
when you superadd to that the fact of official char-
actor,the responsibility and the liability is doubled
in proportion to the duties,of the office.
That being the state of the parties, Mr. Davis
being the enemy of this Government and the hon-
orable Senator having taken an oath to sustain
this Government, what is the character of this
letter? In the light of this principle, let us look
at this letter and see what it proves. In the first
place, what is the letter, fairly analyzed? Xou
will peiceive, fust, that it is addressed to " his
excellency, Jefferson Davis, president of tnc^con-
federation of States," and that, of course, is an
official recognition of hi scharacter. He recognizes
him m the effort he is making to maintain an in-
dependent govetnmentwithm the jurisdiction and
limits of the United States as legitimate, addressee
him as if he acknowledged the success of his
efforts and of«his attempts to establish such a gov-
ernment. " His excellency Jefferson Davis, pres-
ident of the confederation of States"—not "as-
sumed president," not " the usurper" which the
law held him to be, but as the legitimate sovereign
and head of a legitimate government established.
I think that is the fair interpretation of that lan-
guage. He does not address him as his friend
whom he knew in other circumstances here; he
does not address him as his erringfriend who had
gone away to do what he could not approve; but
ne addresses him in the style he had assumed, a
style utterly inconsistent with the duties which
the honorable Senator was called upon to perform
here. *
In what attitude does that recognition place the
honorable Senator? I mean officially; I speak
nothing here personally, and I feel nothing here
personally; but having recognized Mr. Davis as
president—and I think the clear import of the let-
ter throughout is that he is so acknowledged—
how does the Senator stand? He is estopped to
deny it; he would be there; he ought to be here;
and he would be anywhere among honorable men.
Having addressed him officially, under circum-
stances, and in the employment of language which
shows that he, at least, made no war upon his
pretensions, I submit that the honorable Senator
is estopped to deny it; and he is therefore put in
this emuarrassmg predicament, that while bound
by his oath of fidelity to this Government he has
compromised the rights of his own Government
and his independent action here as a Senator. _
Then, Mr. President, this letter is open to criti-
cism in other respects. The terms of the letter
not only recognize Mr. Davis officially, but rec-
ognize him in a friendly relation. Itis " my dear
sir;" and that sentiment runs throughout the let-
ter. You will find this letter not only to contain
official language, applicable to him only in his
official character, but you will find throughout it
contains the sentiment and the language of friend-
ship:
"My Dear Sir. Allow me to introduce to youi acquaint-
ance my tuoitd, Thomas B. Ltncoln, of Texas He visits
vour capital mainly to dispose of what lie regaid* a great
improvement in fiic-arms. I recommend him to your favor-
able consideration as a gentleman of the first respectability
and reliable in every respect. Very tiuly, youis."
And more, Mr. President; it is not only the lan-
guage of friendship, but it is the language of a
courtier—"ho visits your capital." Not only
does he recognize this usurper as a legitimate sov-
ereign and head of a legitimate government, but he
addresses him in the language of friendship and
in court phrase—"your capital"—and he com-
mends his friend to his favor. He puts himself in
theattitude of asking favors, begging favors, soli-
citing favors. When an honorable Senator, sworn
to support this Government, so far forgets the
high duties that devolve upon him as not only to
put himself in direct communication with the en-
emy, with those who are carrying on war against
this Government with the purpose to overthrow
it, but asks of that enemy favors, personal favors
for a personal friend, 1 submit whether it is pos-
sible that he has not disqualified himself for the
discharge of the duties he owes to this Govern-
ment.
But, Mr. President, I do not care to put my op-
position to the honorable Senator's seat here upon
this ground. The letter is a great deal more than
all I have said. Upon any fair interpretation of
public law, the letter is absolutely treasonable.
What is treason ? Mr. Davis was a traitor when
this letter was written: he was waging open war
on this Government; he had captured your forts;
he had raised armies for the purpose of subven-
ing your Government. That was treason; and it
was treason in any man, whether ^Senator or citi-
zen, to aid him; and it would be aiding him in his
purpose if any person should encourage any other
person tojoin him. Thatwas just what he wanted.
His great necessity, having waged war, was to
, enlist troops. Arms and munitions of war, and
men. were his great necessity. To encourage any J
man, no matter whom, to join him under any cir- |
cumstances, was treason. _ |
Now look at this letter. It is a letter of intro-*"[
duction to Mr. Davis m favor of the Senator's j
fuend, Mr. Lincoln; and what was Mr. Lincoln >
to do5. He was about to leave this capital of the j
United States to repair to the capital of Mr. Davis, j
who was in arms against his Government, to en- ;
gage with him. His mission, therefore, was a
mission of treason. The moment he conceived
the idea of going, he himself was a traitor. The
first step he made in advance was an overt act of
treason. ' . .
The honorable Senator knew that. The hon-
orable Senator knew that Mr. Davis vas a traitor,
engaged in levying war. He knew that it was
the purpose of this man Lincoln to join him, and
to aid him in his nefarious work of overthrowing
this Government. He knew that, and he encour-
aged him to go, and tojoin Mr. Davis, givinghim
an introduction, a passport, to Mr. Davis, and by
using his great personal influence with his old
friend, to give him employment. I repeat, tho
mission of Lincoln was a mission of treason. The
honorable Senator knew it. He was bound there
for the purpose of giving Davis aid and comfort,
and to enlist in his service; nay, more, sir; not
only to enlist in his service, but to furnish him
above all things what he needed: arms. He com-
mends him, if you wijl recur to the language, as
a man wjio desires to "disposeof whathe regards
a great improvement in fire-arms."
Then, Mr. President, in addition to that the
honorable Senator entered into the purposes of
Lincoln. He said: " I recommend him to your
favorable consideration as a gentleman of the first
respectability, and reliable in every respect."
Reliable for what? Reliable for the mission upon
which he went. Reliable to serve your purpose.
You can rely upon him in your great purpose of
war upon the Government of this country; in all
respects you can rely upon him. Did not the hon-
orable Senator know what the purpose and the
plan of Mr. Davis was? Did he not know that
Mr. Davis had left this Senate to inaugurate a
government within the jurisdiction and limits of
the Government of the United States ? Did not the
world know by that time that an army had been
already organized to march upon this capital?
Had it not before that time been proclaimed that
that was the object and purpose? And, sir, is it
not matter of public notoriety that at the very hour
when this letter was written this Governmenthere
was trembling and tottering to its foundations,
and no man here felt secure. Under these circum-
stances, and knowing the purposes of Mr. Davis,
the honorable Senator sends to him aid and com-
fort in the shape of his friend bearing arms, or
what is equivalent to that, bearing whathe denom-
inates " a great improvement in fire-arms."
The honorable Senator from Delaware says
that this is all indifferent language; that it is a
strained construction that puts any purpose on it;
that it was only an ordinary courtesy in favor of
Mr. Lincoln: that you cannot presume that the
honorable Senator from Indiana either had any
apprehension of civil war, or that he intended to
encourage it. I should like to ask the honorable
Senator what mean these significant words at the
conclusion: "private and confidential."
Mr. BRIGHT. I will answer that right here.
It is important that the Senator should understand
it as he goes along. The words '^private and con-
fidential " are not in the letter. Every member of
the committee will state that what I say is true?
Am I not conect, Mr. Chairman'1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those words are not upon
the letter as it was in proof before the committee.
It was not marked " private and confidential."
Mr. MORRILL. This is not the copy, then ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to say a word right
here, if the honorable Senator will allow me.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 had not intended to take any
part in this debate, but I think it very probable that
I shall before it is concluded. The papers that first
did me the favor to publish this letter, sent it forth*
all over the country as marked "private and con-
fidential." That was perhaps the most unfortu-
nate feature in the letter as published, so far as I am
concerned; at least, it would be calculated, more
than any other one sentence that could be attached
to the letter, to prejudice me in public estimation;
but when the committee came to get the original,
I understand that the gentleman who had it wiote
to the committee that the \\ ords " private and con-
fidential" were not on the letter. That is correct,
I believe, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will stato that we have
here a sworn copy of the letter from the gentle-
man in whose custody tho original is, who swears
that he is acquainted with the handwriting of the
Senator from Indiana, and on the sworn copy of
