1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
arms that were not ordered prior to that time.
This bill does not change the old law so as to
admit arms that were imported after the 1st day
of January.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. KING. I hope we shall be allowed to dis-
pose of this bill. It is a very simple one, and will
not take five minutes. These arms are now on
their way, and it is necessary that the bill should
be passed at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the consideration of the subject will be
"proceeded with. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. KING. I aslc the attention of the Senator
from Maine, the chairman of the committee which
reported this bill. I called his attention to this
point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought at first, when
the Senator showed it to me, that the bill stood
well enough; but on looking at it, I confess I do
not exactly understand it. The first bill confined
the remission of duties to arms which should be
actually imported prior to the 1st day of January,
1862. The object of this bill is to extend it to
arms which were ordered prior to that time, but
which had not reached the country.
Mr. KING. Exactly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does it extend to arms
ordered by authority of any State?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir; and only to those or-
dered by authority of any State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will thank the Secretary
to read the bill as it would be if amended, and
then the Senator from Vermont will understand it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Be it cnactcd, ^ c., That the authority given to the; See-
letary of the Treasuiy to lefuntt and lonut the duties and
imports on all arm-- imported into the United State* by or
for the account of any State, as piovidcd in the act to
which this is ait addition, shall extend only to arms for
which orders or contracts were made prior it) the 1st day
of January, 1862: Provided, That said Secretary shall have
satisfactory proofs exhibited to him that the said arms were
actually purchased in a foreign country tor account of a
State. and that the piice paid foi the same by tin: Stale was
only the first cost and the usual and custommy ehaiges at-
tending the purchase and iuipoiMUon of the same, exclu-
sive at duty.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to it.
Mr. KING-. The omission of the word " only"
will leave it as it ought to be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there can be no
objection to striking out that word.
The amendment to the amendmerit was agreed to.
The amendmen t, as amended, way adopted. The
hill was reported to the Senate, as amended, and
the amendment was concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, or in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
242) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1802,.the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Sherman to the amendment
of Mr. Hale. The. amendment of Mr. IIaj.k,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to add
to the bill:
Si.r. 2. *'in<l be U fmther rnacled, That the Mini of
being the amount neeessaiy to ho provided, as
estimated by a boaid appointed for that purpose, to finish
the Stevens" battely, now pni dally constiueted at Hoboken,
New Jersey, be, and ihe .miiic is heiebv, appiopriatcd out
of any money m the Tieasuiy, not othetww appropuatcd,
for the immediate completion of said hatteiy.
Mr. Sherman proposed to amend the amend-
ment by adding as a proviso:
Provided, That in the r-ontraet for the completion of said
vessel, it shall be stipulated lhat the p.uiijcnt hv the Ful-
led States of the sum aheady expended by Edwin A. Ste-
vens upon said vessel shall be contingent upon it-< success
as an iron-clad sea-going war steamer, to be determined by
the President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this question
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Before the Senator from
New Jersey proceeds, I wish to jay on the table
an amendment which I intend to propose and an-
tagonize with the amendment offered yesterday
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman'.] I
should like to have it read.
The Secretary read it, to insert attheend of the
additional section offered by Mr. Hale, the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That no pait of said appiopnation shall be paid
until said battery shall have been completed and shall have
been proved to the satisfaction of the Secretaiv of the Navy
to be fully adequate to the purposes of her construction,
and shall have been approved and accepted by said Secre-
tary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The amendment will lie on the table
subject to be called up at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President, the distin-
guished Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
yesterday desired that the history of this battery
from the beginning should be placed on record.
So, sir, do I; and I will ask the Secretary to read
the report which I send to him as the unanimous
report of the Committee on Naval Affairs in the
Senate in the year 1852, and the resolution adopted
by this body, which will be the authentic history
up to that time. I shall after that undertake to
continue the history to the present time.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" The Committee on Naval Aflaiis, to whom was refened
so much of the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments as lclates to naval allaiis, having had under con-
sideration that part of the report ot the Sccietary of the Wavy
which refers to the construction of a war steamer by Hob-
art L. Stevens, report:
" That on January 13,1842, the board of commissioners of
the Navy recommended Mi. Stevens's plan for a steamer,
to be ball and bomb pioof, to the consideration of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. Shortly afteivvaids Mr. Stevens sub-
mitted to Congress a printed copy of his plan. The Cham-
ber of Commeicc of New York, on the 13th of Febru.uy,
1810, recommended to Confess the plan of Mr. Stevens.
" A joint board of ofjiceis of the Aimy and Wavy, to wit:
ColoneisTotten,Thayei,Talcott,and Captain linger, Com-
modores Stewart and l'eny, Captain Strmgluim, and Lieu-
tenant Newman, appointed foi tlmtputpose, convened iu
New Yoik the 8th of July, 1841, to witness, superintend,
and repoit upon Mi. Stevens's cxpeumcnts with a bomb
and ball prool target, suited to the sides of a vessel. The
cxpeuments were made in their presence, and a lepoit of
the boaid submitted to the Depaitment in l'avor of Mr. Ste-
vens's proposed plan of construction.
" On the 14th of April, 1843, Congress passed an act au-
thorizing the Secretaiy ot the Navy to eontiact with Mr.
Stevens foi a war steamer, *hot and shell pioof, to be con-
structed principally of iron, upon the plan of Mi Stevens,
not to cost more than the aveiajjc of the steamers Missomi
and Mississippi, and appropriated $201),000 for the purpose.
" On the lOih of Februaiy, 18 IU, Mr. Stevens entered into
contract wiLh Mr. Upshur, Secretary oftiie Navy, to build
a war steamer,' to be shot and shell pioof against the artil-
leiy now m use on boaid vessels of war.'
" In order to lauwh a vessel of the si/e and deseiiption
of the one contracted for, Mi. Stevens lound it neeessaiy
to excavate, and erect at his own, and an enonnotis ex-
pense, a diy-doek of capacity sufficient to build her m and
float her out. Tins, of couise, involved the necessity of
delay m construction ; though while engaged in lnakmglhe
drj dock, he was aho assiduously engaged in piocuringthe
materials, fashioning the patterns, and or^ani/nig the pie-
lurnnary details fen an imdeitakmg ot such magnitude and
iinpoitance.
" In December, 1843, Mr. Ilenshaw, who succeeded Mr.
Upshur as Seeietary of the. Navy, declined making the ne-
cessary payments tor materials. InNovenibei following,
a second contiact, very full, minute, and paiticular, was
made with Mr. Steven*, winch was followed by a supple-
mental contract with John Y. Mason, Sccietary, m De-
cember 1H11, and which provided tor the payments on ac-
count of the contract. Mi. Stevens then piosecntcd with
vigor the pcifoimanoeof his duties ; and while «o engaged,
on the 9th of December, 1845, was again arrested m the ex-
ecution of his contiact, by an oider tiom Mi, Hanerofi, stop-
ping all fmther proceedings under the conn art, and i el using
tinther pavments until the plan lor the steamei w;b fui-
nished. Yet, at this verv time, the Depaitment was 111 pos-
session of the pi,in oi Mi. Stevens, linnished when the
oii mal eonhaet was first made, and a fmther statement of
his plan furnished m November. 1811. Thus a second tune
was he'•topped in his work. 11 is health bein? senotisly
impaired, he wu.-= oideicd to Euiopc by his physician.
u In Januaiv, l«17, Mi. Stevens applied to .Mr. Mason,
then Secretaiy, foi an extension of tune in which to com-
plete the steamei, and satisfactorily accounted foi the
causes of whatever delay had been suffered. After more
than eighteen month*, an additional contiact was made,
i ceiling the fonnei, and extending the time of completion
to lour years from the date of the last. By these sevcr.il
contracts the most minute details of the woik were given,
and the complete scemity for the execution of the piojecr,
and cveiy pioper sateguaid was provided against loss bv
the United States.
•• llaidly a year, howcvei, was permitted to elapse, when,
m August, 1849, Mr. Seeietaiy Piestou refused to make
anv tmlher payments to Mr. Stevens on account, find the
work was a-jam stopped. Mr. Stevens was then in Europe,
eimtiged in obtaining beltet matenal^ lor some poilions of
the steamei than could he obtained m this country. < 'on-
fiaets were made by bin) in F.uiope for such materials.
After which he immediately letunicd home, and urged the
Secretary to pennit linn to pioceed accoiding to contiact.
Mi. Piotnn, hovvevei. declined taking any othei step than
to refer the mattei to Congit'ss.
'• Whatever dchn took place in the pet formaiice of this
contiact was mdi-perwible to Us jauhtul and successful
execution The nece--itv lor tliOso delays was not, it is
believed, piopeily appieciated by the Navy Depaitment.
The experiments neeessaiy to test the quality ot' the ma-
terials, and demonstrate the details of the plan, involved
the consumption of much time. The experiments neces-
sary to establish and improve the character of thepiopeiler
which was Anally adopted also icquired much time. Even
fiom tins delay the Government derived the advantage of
availing itself of this piopellerm the construction of the
Princeton, which was thus proved to be superior to any
other then in use, or indeed smcc adopted. Workshops,
togethci with a steamboat, were required to be built for
those expenments. Also, a large dry-dock was consti acted,
with a steam-engine, punching and diilling machines, tools,
&e., and laisjc pumps, which have kept the dockfreefrom
water ever since its completion, at veiy great expense. One
third of the diy-dock, within which the Governmentnon
steamer was to have been built, was excavated from solid
lock. All this consumed and icquired unremitting personal
exertion and supervision, and large expenditures of money,
for which no remuneiation has been made. But all delay
was satisfactory explained before the seveial renewals of
the contract at each peiiod of such renewal.
u When the contractor was first auested, by Mr. Secre-
tary Bancroft, he was in advance and liable foi materials—
principally foi heavy plates of n on fiom Pennsylvania,about
,v40,0()0. which was subsequently paid to him. He is now
in advance nbout &30,000, also fot heavy plates and tubes
for the boiler, See., fiom England. Yet the Government
now pioposes to sell his propertt to reimburse itself for pre-
vious payments on his contract, foi non-perfoimance of the
.same, performance of which has been prevented by the ac-
tion ot the Government itself.
u On the 21st January, 1831, Commodore Skinner ad-
dressed Mr. Stevens, and informed him that the Navy De-
partment, considering the contiact void, desired to sell,
shortly, the materials collected b> him for the purpose of
executing it according to his several agi cements.
To sum up the whole subject, it appears tljat Congress,
by the act of 14th April, 1842, directed the Secretary ofthe
Navy to make a contiact withllobert L. Stevens for a war
steamei, and appiopriated a specific amount of money to-
waids the constiuction pioposed. The contract was exe-
cuted. Mr. Stevens, in good faith, proceeded to perform
all Ins obligations. The contract was al'terwaids made more
specific, its minutest details enumerated, and the time for
its completion extended by a succeeding Secretary. The
amplest sccuiity forits faithful execution was icqu'iiedand
given. Officers of the United States were appointed to su-*
pet intend the receipt of materials ptovided, and paj'ments
foi such materials were made by the Government from time
to time. A'subsequent Secretaiy of the Navy, without any
previous notice to the contiactor, suddenly suspended the
execution of the contract, and lefused the payments stipu-
lated thetem to be made ; leaving the contiactor bound to
pay laige Mimsforthe mateualst'm winch he had contracted
in the prosecution of his work. Another Secretary renewed
the contiact, and extended the time for its execution. The
contiactor again vigorously and actively applied lumselfto
the execution of his contract. While thus industriously
employed, another Secretaiy again arrested his work, and
finally suspended all payments, and refened the subject to
Congress. The present Secretary consideis himself bound
by the acts of his predecessor, and tieats the contract as at
an end ; and Congiess having omitted to act on the subject,
he has given notice to Mi. Stevens, under the power to sell,
eontained in the moitgages executed by the contractoi, that
mateiials collected by him will be sold tor the benefit of
the Government.
" It is theieiore apparent that without some legislative
action bv Congress, the contiactor. who is willing and de-
siious of fulfilling all engagements in good faith, cnteied
into by the direction and under the authority of Congiess,
will, by executive interposition, be subjected (against light,
as yoin committee believe,) to very heavy and unjust losses,
while the Government will lose the advantages to be de-
uved fiom the genius, skill, and science of one of the most
accomplished naval aichitects in the country m the con-
struction of that vciy sort of war steamer which the service
lequtres.
"Your committee, therefore, on full consideration of the
whole subject, recommend the adoption of the following
joint resolution:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Confess assembled, That the Seeietary ol the Navy be, and
he is heieby, authorised and requited to have completed,
withoutam unnece«saiydelav,the war steamer eoutiacted
for with Robott Stevens, in pursuance of au act of Con-
gress passed Aj)i11 14, 1842.''
Mr. THOMSON. After the passage of this
resolution, which was concurred iu by the House
and approved by the President, the contractor
proceeded with zeal and skill to complete the bat-
tery, as far as the means appropriated would
enable him to do so. It was his ambition to make
it the admiiation of the world as an American pro-
duction, and the sure defense of his country against
foreign invasion. To attain this he had labored,
and alone, in an untried field of science for more
than a quarter of a centut y,and had expended In rge
sums of money in experiments, and is admitted
by foreign writcis to have been the first to suggest
the superiority of iron-clad vessels and inclined
armor over all other descriptions of vessels. This
credit generously awarded to the late R. L. Ste-
vens by foreigners, by the lepoit of the board of
commodores, has been withheld from him, and to
their shame given to French and English invent-
ors.
The Crim can war in 1853-54, inaugurated a rev-
olution in the material and construction of ships
of war, and of the weight and caliber of ordnance,
i he old-fashioned whips were found good for noth-
ing when opposed to modern artillery. Even the
