396
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 20,
that letter furnished to the committee the words
44 private and confidential" do not appear.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have stated repeatedly that
I had no recollection of having written such a let-
ter, so little impression did it make on mjr mind;
but I said as soon as I saw the letter in print that
I doubted its genuineness from the fact that it had
the words " private and confidential" on it, for X
certainly would not mark " private and confiden-
tial" on a letter given to an intimate friend, in-
tended merely as a letter of introduction; but it
has gone to the world that I wrote a letter of that
kind marked " private and confidential," and all
the prejudices that would result from such a dec-
laration have attached to me. I hope, however,
that the gentleman will argue the case with refer-
ence to its being a mere letter of introduction, and
not marked " private and confidential." I do not
write " private and confidential" letters; I write
nothing that I am not willing the world should
know; and I said to the committee, and I have said
everywhere, that everything I have written in con-
nection with this matter I throw the injunction of
secresy off; let it be published to the world. -
Mr. MORRILL. Of course, Mr. President, I
shall not argue upon what may not fairly be con-
sidered in the case. After the explanation, per-
haps I ought not to argue that the letter was pri-
vate and confidential, although I do not think that
the statement made by the honorable chairman of
the committee necessarily excludes tlmtidca. The
copy of the letter as exhibited has not those words
upon it, and I would not stand here to draw an
inference unfavorable to the honorable Senator
from Indiana, (who by the way has no recollection
upon the subject,) from the fact that the letter was
published, did get to the world as " private and
confidential." I will therefore not draw the in-
ference 1 was about to diaw fiom that fact; but I
do not agree with the honorable Senator that the
letter in other respects is a mere letter of introduc-
tion. It has language and terms which do not
make it a mere letter of introduction.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no idea that the hon-
orable-Senator from Mftinp wishes to do me any
injustice 
Mr. MORRILL. I do not.
Mr. BRIGHT. And if the Senator will allow
me a moment} I will call his attention to a fact to
which the committee callcd my attention, and
which will perhaps bear upon the very point that
he is arguing. This gentleman, Mr. Lincoln, was
found in the possession of another letter of intro-
duction that he alleges I gave him; and I have no
doubt 1 did. The honorable Senator from Min-
nesota who has addressed the Senate has a copy
of that letter. That letter is dated 1 think some
six or seven months anterior to the letter on which
the honorable Senator from Maine is comment-
ing, and is addressed to a gentleman who was for-
merly in charge of the Capitol extension, Captain
Franklin, another friend of mine. It appears that
Mr. Lincoln applied to me some six months be-
fore the letter in question was written for a letter
of introduction to Captain Franklin, having some-
thing that he wanted to dispose of, or that he
warned Captain Franklin .to take an interest in.
It seems that 1 gave him a letter to that gentleman,
and it appears that the phiasoology of it is very
much like the phraseology of the letter that the
Senator has in his hand. I should be very glad
to have it read. It is with the papers that the com-
mittee had possession of, and 1 hope the Secre-
tary will read it. I had no recollection of it, I will
state, until I was called before the committee,and
it was there produced. If the Senator has the pa-
pers that were befoic the committee, 1 hope he
will read that letter to Captain Franklin. .
^ Mr. MORRILL. I will aay to the honorable
Senator that there is no such letter as he refuis to
in the papers as I find them.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will ask the Senator from
Minnesota to produce the letter I wrote to Cap-
tain Franklin.
Mr. "WILKINSON. I am a little surprised at
the remark ot the Senator from Indiana. I have
never befoic heard of such a letter and have never
seen it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will ask the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee where the letter is, or
ask him to bear testimony as to the truth of my
statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from In-
diana desires it, I will make a statement that will
bring this case before the Senate as it appeared in
the committee; but it is interfering with the Sen-
ator from Maine, and without his consent I do not
wish to interpolate any facts. I think it would
be well that the Senate should know the precise
conditio® of things before the argument pro-
Mr. MORRILL. I have not the slightest ob-
jection. I have no set speech to make. I am
willing to close my remarks here, and allow the
honorable Senator to dispose of the matter-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all; the only ob-
ject I had in saying anything was to have the
facts before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to have the thing fairly
before the Senate and the country. I am more
interested in it than anybody else, and I hope the
Senator from Maine and the Senate will indulge
me in a very few words. I want the matter to go
on in its regular train. I want nothing but the
facts, and I am quite sure that the gentleman who
is arguing the case against mc docs not desire any-
thing but the facts. I understand him to object
to the concluding portion of the letter I gave to
Mr. Lincoln, as showing an interest and a friendly
feeling which is illustrative of something he is not
exactly willing to disclose. The letter I referred
to as having been sent to Captain Franklin, I be-
lieve concludes about as the letter the honorable
Senator from Maine holds in his hands does. The
giving of letters of introduction is ratheran onerous
business, or has been to me, and I presume other
Senators can bear witness to the truth of my state-
ment. A man who is your acquaintance and friend
asks you for a letter of introduction. You do not
feel at liberty to decline; you would rather give it
to him than deny him. I have no doubt that Mr.
Lincoln asked me for both the letters which are
on file, and I have no doubt that I gave them to
him. No doubt they are genuine, but I have no
recollection of having given either. I want the
Senator to argue the question with a full knowledge
of the truth of that statement. The previous letter
which I had given to Mr. Lincoln, addressed to
Captain Franklin, concluded in the language of
the letter which I gave him addressed to Mr. Da-
vis. It is rather a stereotyped way of closing a
letter of introduction that you wish to make short,
if you are giving it to a man whom you esteem a
gentleman and a friend.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I do not know
that I lfeve any occasion to take issue with the
honorable Senator; but simply repeating the po-
sitions with which I began, I think I shall close
all I have to say on the subject, leaving the con-
troverted facts to be developed by honorable Sen-
ators who are more conversant with them. I be-
gan with saying that my first objection to this
letter was, that the honorable Senator addressed
a rebel and a traitor, conspiring against the Gov-
ernment of the country, officially, which implied,
I thought, that he recognized him as the legiti-
mate u president of the confederation of States."
My second objection is, that the whole tenor and
teims of the letter show him, if not in sympathy
with Mr. Davis, at least on friendly terms with
him. It is the language of friendship; and when
the honorable Senator says that it is very much
like another letter which he gave this man to an-
other personal friend, I submit whether it does
not go a great way to confirm what I am saying.
The very difficulty in this case is, that the honor-
able Senator, himself a Senator of the United
States, puts himself in friendly communication
with a rebel. My objection is, that the terms are
friendly when he was the most inveterate enemy
the country had. I do not believe that it is allow-
able for any of us, holding the relations we do to
this Government, so to address the assumed usurp-
ing president of the confederation of States. I do
not believe that either officially as Senators, or
privately as gentlemen, we have any right what-
ever, by friendly correspondence with him, to
hold out to him that wc arc anything else than
his sworn and inveterate enemies. So long as he
maintains his present attitude against the country
we can give him no word of encouragement; nay,
*ir, we can address him in no language of civility.
He is a rebel before the world; and especially is
he a rebel in any estimation which those who are
connected with the Government of this country
can hold him.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I am opposed
to the report of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I shall
occupy the attention of the Senate but a few mo-
ments, and perhaps would not do so at all but for
the fact that I was a member of the Judiciary
Committee, and in a minority of that committee,
not having agreed to this report. The majority
which made the report have not thought propel
to bring before the Senate the facts as they ex-
isted before the committee.
When this matter was referred to thecommittee,
we had no precise information as to where this
Lincoln letter was; but I casually learned that it
had been found upofc Mr. Lincoln when he was
arrested for treason in the State of Ohio, and on
learning that fact addressed a note to the district
attorney for the southern district of Ohio, Mr.
Ball, requesting him if he had the original letter,
or could procure it, to send it here; instead of
doing which, the district attorney sent his own
affidavit, and also the affidavit of the officer who
arrested Mr. Lincoln. I will road those affidavits
together with the letters to which they refer, and
one of which is the letter of which the Senator
from Indiana has just spoken—the letter to Cap-
tain Franklin^ who was at one time superintend-
ent of the Capitol extension. That letter is as
follows:
Washington, June 27, 1860.
Dear Sir: I take pleasure in introducing to you an old
and valued ftiend, Mr. Thomas B. Lincoln. lie has a prop-
osition to make you connected with a kind of machine he
understands you are using m the public improvements un-
der your control. I commend him to you as a reliable gen-
tleman, in every sense of the woid, and bespeak for him
your kind consideration.
Tiuly yours, J. D. BRIGHT.
Captain Franklin.
That letter, I suppose, cuts no figure in this
transaction at all, and probably only appears here
because it was a letter from the Senator from In-
diana Which happened to be found upon the per-
son of Mr. Lincoln when arrested. The other
letter is the same as the published letter here; but
the words " private and confidential " do not ap-
pear upon it.
Mr. HOWE. I would like to inquire how the
letter which the Senator has just read came into
the possession of the committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will find out
all about it if he will listen until the affidavits are
read.
Mr. HOWE. I will listen, then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here are the affidavits.
United States of America, Southern District of Ohio, ss:
John Pollock, of the city of Cincinnati, in said district,
being duly sworn, saith on oath: That lie is now, and was
on the 17th day of August, 1861, chief inspector of ship-
ments at the port of Cincinnati; that on that day he assisted
the deputy marshal of said district in making the arrest of
Thomas 13. Lincoln, in said city, upon a charge of treason
against the United States, and that he assisted in making
an examination of the peison and baggage of said Lincoln
at the time of said arrest; that upon" said examination he
found upon the person and in possession of said Lincoln
divers papers and documents, amon^ which weie two let
ters purporting to he written by the Hon. Jcsse D. Bright,
of which letters true and conect copies are above written.
Ho further states that on the 20th day of August, 1861, the
said Lincoln was examined upon f.aid charge before the
commissioner of the circuit court of the United States in
said diPtuct, and both of the originals were then and there
produced and identified by thii affiant as a witness m said
ease, and were thereupon doiiveied to Fiamen Ball, Esq.,
the attorney of the United States for said district, in whose
custody said originals still remain; and further this affiant
saith not.
JOHN POLLOCK.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 30th day of De-
cember, A. D. 1861.
II. II. LEAVrTT,
District Jud*e for the Southern District of Ohio.
United States of America, Southern District of Ohio, ss:
Fiamen Hall, attorney of the United States for said dis-
trict, being-duly swoiti,   ith upon his oath, that on the
20th day of A. T). 1861, as such attorney he ap-
peared before Fianklin Ualliday, E-^q., a commissioner of
the circuit court of the United States within said district,
on the examination of Thomas B. Lincoln, upon a chaige
of treason against the United States, in adhering to the en-
emies of the United States, and giving said enemies aid and
comfort. That upon said examination, John Pollock, Esq.,
whose affidavit, subscribed to and stvorn by him, is above
written, was sworn as a witness on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States; and that thereupon said witness
produced in evidence, among other papers and documents
found upon the person of the said Lincoln at the time of the
arrest of said Lincoln, the two original letters signed by
Hon. JesseD. Bright, of which tiuo and correct copics are
above written ; that said letters weie read m the presence
of said Lincoln, and their validity not disputed by him, and
the same were immediately delivered to the custody of this
affiant, where they still remain.
This affiant furthei status, that he is acquainted with the
writing of the said Jesse D. Bright, and '-verily believes
