2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
As I understand the matter, it was not the inten-
tion of the committee to organize a new business,
set up any new traffic, or to lend any sanction to
it; and I think the Senator from Massachusetts is
mistaken in supposing that the imposition of a fine
of ten dollars or twenty dollars on this business
will give respectability to it. If he is right in sup-
posing that it does give respectability to it, I sub-
mit to him whether, in the fiist place, there is any
occupation in this country that more needs to be
made respectable than the business of dealing in
liquor; and if the Government can make it actu-
ally respectable, and make twenty dollars a head
out of it, whether it is not worth while to do the
thing. [Laughter.] If I could wash the whole
fraternity, and make much money out of it, 1
think it would be a good operation.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident,! think, with all the powerthe Government
of the United States possesses, it is not in its
power to make rumselling respectable; but I do
think it needs respectability; and I think further
than that, the Government of the United States
can give it countenance, if it cannot give it respect-
ability. I am opposed to giving any countenance
whatever to rumselling in any part of this country.
The Senator from Maine sees an inconsistency
in my position. I see none whatever. I know
that that Senator's optics are very keen, but I can
see no inconsistency in the position that I occupy
upon this bill. I am willing to tax,and tax highly,
the manufacture of ardent spirits; I am willing to
tax, and tax highly, the importation of ardent
spirits. I will tax them as high as anybody else,
and I would go so high as to prohibit both the
manufacture and the importation, if I could; but
I cannot do it. I will put as much burden on the
importation and on the manufacture as possible;
but when I have done that, I will not aid in the
retailing of it among our people.
I tell you,sii, there is notarumsellerorafriend
of the lumseller on this continent that will not
welcome this tax. It will be hailed from one end
of this counti y to the other by the whole rumscll-
ing interest of this country. If the rumselleis of
the country had held a national convention they
would have asked you to put ptecisely such a thing
as a license to sell liquors in your bill. There is
no doubt of it at all. Why, sir, it has been
the struggle of the retaileis of ruin all over this
country for a quarter of a century to adopt the
license system and to get licensed. They have
contended for it; t hey have fought for it; they have
carried it to the polls; they have carried it into
your Legislative Assemblies; they have carried it
everywhere; and now the Congress of the United
States proposes to establish t'he system rejected
by many of the States as sanctioning crime, and to
grant it to them. Does it tend to the consumption
of ardent spirits in this country to tax its manu-
tacture or to tax its importation? Certainly not.
But when we come to the retail trade of it, if this
Government will give every man who asks it a
license to .sell liquor, you will shingle this nation
over with licenses to yell liquor. JEveiy man that
has studied this subject knows this to be true; and
yet the Senator fiom Maine undertakes to defend
an act of this kind that will carry agony and tears
through the nation. Does not the Senator know
that the men who forty years have struggled to
check intemperance have repudiated the'license
system ?
The Senator refers to my position here and my
posiiion at home on temperance. Sir, I have
studied this temperance question in all its phases,
and I have practiced total abstinence for thirty
years, and I know something of what I s pea It;
and I know that the passage of this act will be a
source of gratification in every rum shop and low
doggery m this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To pay twenty dollars'1
Mr. WILSON, of Massach usctts. Yes; they
will rejoice to pay it. Why? They are tinder the
ban of the moral sentiment of the nation to-day;
in many of the States they are under the prolubi- i
tion of the law, and m most of the Status tiie bet- ;
ter portion of the community condemn the traffir,
and are doing what they can to check it. Nun-
you come forward and pat in the pocket of every
.qtior seller m the land a license, give him a eha, -
ter to go forth m the community and deal out his I
hquors under the authority and sanction of the I
United otales. This Government license is a cer- '
tiiicafe of character. That is the truth of it. The
liquor dealer will so regard it, and he will be proud
to shake your certificate of character in the face
of an outraged moral sentiment. We are now told
if the Government should license in those States
where it is prohibited, the liquor dealer must run
his risk. That is true; but suppose the Govern-
ment does come in my State and gives to every
applicant who desires it a license, and let him run
his chance. I will tell you what the effect will
be. It will give immense power and strength to
the liquor selling interest. Itwillgivethem power
and weight to contest and put down the State laws
practically, if not to repeal them altogether.
We will take a State where they have yet no
law, but where a large portion of the people are
in favor of checking the sale of ardent spirits,
and are struggling to suppress their sale. They
do not grant licenses; but the liquor traffic is car-
ried on. You go in there, and put a license in
the pocket of every man who asks a license, with-
any kind of regulation in regard to character, lo-
cal habitation, or situation. Well, sir, what is
the moral effect? It puts the rum interest under
the sanction and protection of the Federal Gov-
ernment. It gives moral power and weight to
the liquor selling interest. They will hold up
their heads and walk proudly and defiantly, and
they will maintain their contest against the moral
interests of the community the more firmly by
being backed by the authority of the Federal
Government. It is as plain as any mathematical
problem that it must be so.
I suppose, under this idea of putting a few cop-
pers into the Treasury of the United States, that
the United States is to embark in this business of
giving licenses to rumsellers to deal out rum to
the people of the country. Sir, for one, I shall
not vote for this bill with this provision m it. I
cannot record my name for an act to give the
countenance and sanction of the nation to the re-
tailing of intoxicating drinks to the people. I
cannot, 1 will not, give a vote for a bill that shall
put in any man's pocket the right to retail intox-
icating liquors to the people of this country.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I desire information, and
I want to ask the Senator a question. Is it not
now against the law of Massachusetts to sell
liquor by retailJ
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCK. What is the penalty?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Fine and
imprisonment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Docs the Senator suppose
that a person obtaining a license under this act
will be authorized to sell liquor in the State of
Massachusetts, and will be ftee from the penalty '
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir; 1
do not.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then if ho sells, he will be
subject to the law of the State, just as he is now.
1 n my State, where there are licenses to sell liquor
and a penalty imposed for a violation of it, by the
passage of this bill, you increase the penalty, or
at least you levy an additional excise upon the
persons who aie engaged in this business; so that
while the Senator is fearful of its doing mischief
and damaging the moral sentiment in one section
of the Union, he is contending agamstthat which
will serve to protect the people of my State from
evils of this description.
Mr. HOWE. 1 desire to say just one word.
I he Senator from Massachusetts, it seems to me,
is cleaily mistaken in supposing that this bill
gives a right to any man to sell liquors either by
wholesale or retail. It confers no right. It sim-
ply says no man shall carry on tins business with-
out paying this fine or this tax to the Govern-
ment. That is the whole purport of the bill. In
some of the States the business is earned on very
largely; in others it is not earned on at all. The
right is reserved to each State whether it may or
may not be proscribed in that State. Nobody is
authorized to do it; and the position of the Sen-
ator, as I understand it, is unmistakably this: he
says that he will not vote for this bill to laise rev-
enue for tin.' nation if it contains a clause which
imposes a fine upon men who carry on this par-
ticular kind of business.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. Let me say
to the Senator fi om Wisconsin that this is no fine'.
You provide in this bill that a man shall not carry
on this business unless he has a licensc: you pro-
pose to license him, and he must take his chances
with the State authorities at home. That is the
amount of it. Under the provisions of this act,
you can license ten thousand men in my State.
They have got to run their chances, and contend
with our State law. But, sir, the point I make is
this: the men who desire to sell liquor will hall
this law, will seek these licenses, and when they
have them in their pockets, it will strengthen their
position to fight against the State law and that
local legislation.
I will make another remark to the Senator. In
the States where they license at all, they profess
to have some regard for the character of the per-
son they license, and they have some security of
that kind. The dealer is licensed by people who
live in his township or his city; but you propose
to grant licenses, and you take none of these se-
curities whatever. The point I make is this: when
the State of Massachusetts and several other States
will not license, when the whole moral sense of
the community is againstgiving licenses, when the
people before they had their law prohibiting the
retailing of ardent spirits, would not give licenses,
and voted down the system years ago, because
they regarded it as grossly immoral to give licenses
to retail intoxicating drinks, you now take up the
old system; you now grant licenses for that pur-
pose. The granting of licenses by the Govern-
ment will be received with sorrow by hundreds of
thousands of the people of the country.
The Senator from Maine, I know, does not
think so. I have a greatopinion of that Senator's
judgment and of his intellectual power; but I have
quite as good an opinion of many other gentle-
men 's sense of risrht, ideas, and popular instincts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not doubt it. Now
you come to the point—popular instincts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I mean noth-
ing disrespectful to the Senator, but I have not the
greatest confidence in the Senator's instinctive
sagacity in regard to many of these questions af-
fecting the interests of the masses. That is what
I mean.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit mc to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir; a
dozen.
Mr. HENDERSON. Would he regard a tax
on slaves in this bill as sanctioning slavery on the
part of the Government of the United States?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I say to the
Senator that a tax on slaves as property I will
not vote for; a tax on them as persons i would
vote for.
Mr. HENDERSON. Would he consider it, if
levied, as sanctioning the institution of slavery?
Mr. WILSON, of Massach usetts. I answer
the Senator precisely in this way: if a proposition
is made in this bill to tax slaves as persons, I am
willing to vote for it; but if it be a proposition to
tax slaves as so much property, I will not vote
for it. 1 am against giving the sanction of the
Government either to slavery or rumselling.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, on the idea that
a man holds persons as slaves for his use and ben-
efit, the Senator is willing to sanction it; but on
the idea simply that he holds property for his use
and benefit, he £oes against it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
that is not th& case.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will yield, I will move to adjourn.
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will allow me to offer some proposi-
tions that I want to get printed to-night,
Mr. POWELL. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed ^to the consideration of executive business.
I believe there are some messages ofthe President
on the table which should be read fiVst.
Mr. SIMMONS. I obtained the consent, of the
Senator from Kentucky to waive his motion that
I might offer some amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. Ceitamiy.
Mr. SIMMONS. I intend, when the bill is up
again to-moirow, to offer certain amendments to
n. svhich I should like to have printed, and I make
that motion.
The motion to print was agreed to.
