1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
said original letters to be In the handwriting of the said
Jesse 3). Bright, and farther this affiant sajth not.
F. BALL.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 30th day of De-
cember, A. D. 1861.
H. H. LEAVITT,
District Judge for the Southern District of Ohio.
Accompanying these affidavits, Mr. Ball wrote
a letter to the committee, in which he stated that
he did not like to risk the original letters in the
mail, as he expected to use them in the prosecution
of the case for treason against Mr. Lincoln, but
if the committee desired it, he would come on and
bring the original. When the Senator from In-
diana himself was present before the committee,
the proposition was submitted, I may state, to
him, that if he desired to have the original sent
for, we would send for it, but he did not insist
upon it, and the original was not sent for, we hav-
ing a sworn copy set out in the papers by a gen-
tleman who was acquainted with the handwriting
of the Senator from Indiana. This presents the
facts of the case as they appeared before the com-
mittee, and shows how the Franklin letter came
to be set out. I suppose it was because it was
found upon Mr. Lincoln, and was a letter from
the Senator fiom Indiana.
Now, sir, I shall say but little upon this case.
It has been so fully and so ably presented by the
Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from
Maine, that indeed I could add but little to what
they have said. I did not agree to this report in
the committee, and I did not agree to it, not by
reason of the expression of opinions by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, as the Senator from Delaware
seems to suppose. I tolerate the freest expression
of opinion. I agree that any Senator may disap-
prove the acts of the Administration, may disap-
prove the policy that is pursued to put down this
rebellion; but when any Senator, or anybody else,
does an act in favor of the men in arms against
this Government, then I say he is giving aid and
comfort to the enemy, and he becomes criminally
culpable. The question here is, whether we shall
expel the Senator from Indiana. The State of
Indiana may return him again ifwc do expel him,
if they think proper, and 1 presume no one would
think of expelling him a second time for the same
cause.
Sir, the very person to whom this letter was
given is to-day under bonds for treason against
this Government. This Thomas B. Lincoln, so
well known to the Senator from Indiana, his in-
timate friend for so many years, is to-day charged
with treason against the Government. I shall not
take up time in going over the condition of the
country at the time this letter was written, on the
1st day of March last; but all will remember gen-
erally that before that day open war had been
made upon the Governmentof the United States;
before that day the Star of the West had been
fired into; before that day, fort after fort had been
seized by men in arms against the Government;
your Treasury had been plundered; your mint at
New Orleans had been robbed; and thousands of
men were in arms, seizing the public vessels, seiz-
ing the public property, attacking youi troops,
and disarming them, and plundering the Govern-
ment wherever they could; and in this very city,
sir, we had armed men to protect the capital of
the country against the rebels who were then in
arms against this Government. Why, sir, be-
tween this Capitol and the house where I reside,
artillery were stationed, and cannon were planted,
and an Administration, by no means favorable to
the existing Administration, thought the danger
so imminent that they brought to this capital all
the troops they could command to defend it from
an attack by these traitors who were in arms; and
to one of those traitors, the chief one of all, the
Senator from Indiana wrote this letter commend-
ing a friend, now arrested for treason, with an
improved arm. That is an act, sir. There is
something more than the expression of opinion
in that.
But, sir, I promised not to dwell on these mat-
ters. I could not, if 1 would, add anything to
the forcible presentation of this case which has
been made by the Senators who have preceded
me. To my mind, it exhibits a case where we
would be derelict to our duty, derelict to the Gov-
ernment we are sworn to support, if we allowed
any person to sit here as a member of the Senate
of the United States and a part of this Govern-
ment now engaged against this wicked rebellion,
who had been aiding these rebels to procure arms
in order to shoot us, and to upturn this Govern-
ment. I hope, sir, that the Senate will not indorse
the report of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 rise chiefly
for the purpose of reading a passage from the same
dispatch from which the Senator from Delaware
read to the Senate; but before I do so, I beg the
Senate to indulge me in a few remarks.
The Senator from Maine seems to think that at
the period when this letter was written—
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator give way
for a motion to go into executive session?
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, I will submit it to
the sense of the Senate. If it be desired to have
an executive session, I will give way.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator desires to pro-
ceed, I will not press it.
Mr. PEARCE. I have but a very few remarks
to make, and will consume very little time. It
has been suggested to me that I had better go on,
and unless the Senator desires it very much, I
would prefer to go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The Senator will proceed.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Maine as-
sumes as the foundation of his argument that, at
the date of the writing of the letter alluded to, the
country was in civil war. In that I differ from
him toto ccelo. I admit there was a revolution in
progress; that it had taken alarming strides; and,
I confess, that at that time I myself saw no escape
from the necessary and calamitous consequence
of civil war; but civil war was not then upon us.
No measures had been taken to levy forces, no
resistance had been made by this Government to
the forcible acts by which the confederates had
seized upon the forts and arsenals at the South;
no armed men had been arrayed by us for the
special purpose of recovering the possession of
these forts and arsenals and putting down that
revolution. In the naval and military appropria-
tion bills which had been reported, cPnd some of
which, perhaps, were passed about the 1st day of
March, there was no reference to this condition of
things. Every proposition submitted to Congress
for the increase of the Navy—and there were some
for that purpose—was based ypon the idea that the
increase was necessary for the ordinary and cur-'
rent operations of that Department of the Govern-
ment. Not only so, sir; but no proclamation had
been issued by the President declaring the state of
things to the country. No stop had been put to
commercial intercourse. Travelers went as freely
to the revolted States as they did amongst the
loyal States. No man found fault with them for
going there. No one interposed to prevent the
dispatch of arms which northern merchants sent
in large quantities to those States. The revolu-
tion was perfectly bloodless at that time, and, for
aught we knew, might never lead to blood.
Not only was this so, sir, but I aver that up to
the 4th of'March, when the President delivered
his inaugural address, no one on this side of the
Chamber felt certain in what his policy might
result. Nor was it until that address was deliv-
ered that some of the southern men, who had de-
luded themselves into the belief that no war could
follow from what they considered the exercise of
a constitutional right of secession, began then to
believe that war would follow. But even after the
delivery of the inaugural address on the 4th of
March, the Senate must remember that it was
discussed in this Chamber at the executive ses-
sion,and analyzed with very considerableability;
and that one eminent Senator, Judge Douglas,
now no more, who occupied the scat of the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Sherman,] analyzed that ad-
dress, and declared it meant peace and not war,
and the whole country, or that section of it at
least with which I am familiar, stiil hoped that
something might yet avert that great calamity.
Indeed, weeks after the date of the letter of the
Senator from Indiana, when the Senator from
Maine thinks we were in the midst of civil war,
commissioners came from the seceded States
without invitation or safeguard to negotiate the
terms of separation. They were not indeed
recognized in an official character by the Presi-
dent. I believe he had no interviews with them.
But they were not treated as rebels, or traitors;
were neither arrested nor molested, but remained
here, as if they had been loyal citizens, without
the least restraint or disturbance.
Now, sir, how can that be called a state of civil
war? Not a gun had been.fired, except,the two
or three that were fired into the Star of theWest;
northern sentiment had not then been developed;
nor was it until the South Carolina batterieeoperied
upon Fort Sumter that the storm of public wrath
seemed to arise. That was long subsequent to
the period o£the writing of this letter. And, sir,
at a stiil later period, the 10th of-April, in.-the
dispatch from which the Senator from Delaware
read, I find this passage which he omitted acci-
dentally, I believe:
" Keeping that remedy"—
meaning a national convention—
" steadily in view, the President, on the one hand, will not
suffer the Federal authority to fall into abeyance, nor will
lie, on the other, aggravate existing evils by attempts at
eoeicioii winch must assume the form of direct war against
any of the revolutionary States. If, while he is pursuing
tins course, commended as it is by prudence as well as
patriotism, the scourge of civil war, for the first time in our
history, must fall upon our country during the term of his
Administration, that calamity will then have come through
the agency, not of the Government, but of those who shall
have chosen to be its armed, open, and Irreconcilable ene-
mies, and he will not suffer himself to doubt," Sec.
That is the dispatch of the 10th of April, and
isprctty conclusivcevidence,I think, that the Pres-
ident did not at that date consider the country to
be in civil war.
I think then, sir, that the charge of treasonable
communication in the midst of civil war cannot
be established against the Senator from Indiana.
Thousands of people were doing what was vastly
more improper than the writing of a letter of in-
troduction, even though its object might have been
to introduce to the president of the seceded States
a person who had something about the improve-
ment of fire-arms to communicate.
1 shall not detain the Senate much longer, sir.
The terms of that introductory note are familiar
and common, such as nine men out of ten writing
alctter of introduction would use. The term," my
dear sir," seems to be relied upon by the Senator
from Maine as evincing a treasonable intent, be-
cause it exhibits the existence of friendly feeling
between the Senator and the presidentof the con-
federate States. Why, sir, is it not possible to
be politically opposed, and be opposed in every
sense in* which men can be said to be in public
hostility to one another, without discarding private
friendship or violatipg the courtesies of social inter-
course? Is it not possible that many of us may
be the friends of Jefferson Davis, having been his
intimate friends once,and may,while we still rec-
ognize his many noble traits of character, deplore
and condemn his course; may deem it to be vastly
injurious to the country, for secession has been
so and may be much more so in the course of
time. I knownot; the prospects are very dark and
gloomy. We may believe all that, and yetitdoes
not follow that our private friendships aro to be
obliterated; still less that all ordinary civilities are
to be cast aside and trampled under foot, and an
old friend be addressed not with " my dear sir,"
but in terms of passion and reproach, as 44 you
rebel and traitor." Sir, I think there are other
rules than those which apply to treason which
would forbid that manner of initiating a letter. If
I were writing a letter to my direst foe, I think I
would phrase it in the politest shape possible. I
think thatis according to the rules of ancient chiv-
alry and modern propriety also, and mere terms
of civility in such a case furnish no reason for
charging treason or even a disloyal inclination.
There were other remarks made by the Senator
from Maine to which I wished to reply, but hav-
ing taken no note of them, I cannot now recall
them to memory. I will therefore not detain the
Senate linger.
Mr. SUMNER. This is certainly a very se-
rious question. Many Senators have already ad-
dressed the Senate upon it, and I presume there
arc others who would like to be heard upon it. I
should, myself; but at this late hour I am hardly
disposed to venture upon the attention of the Sen-
ate. I think it would be better, thciefore, that
the subject should go over until to-morrow, and
meanwhile that the Senate should proceed with
the consideration of executive business for a few
moments. I therefore make that motion, with the
understanding that this subject will be left as the
order of the day for to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President 
Mr. H ALB. I move that the Senate adjourn;
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope not. I can only say
