1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3339
and not domestic enemies. If the Senator from
Ohio will examine the decisions upon that subject,
he will discover thatthat is the proper meaning of
the word " enemies" as used in theclause. That
large class of persons, therefore, who have ren-
dered assistance,and aided and abetted the rebel-
lion, but who have not actually borne arms or
levied war against the United States, will be en-
tirely exempted from the operation of this bill. I
suppose there must be a vast difference in point
of numbers between the class who have been act-
ually engaged in bearing arms against the United
States and that mixed class who have rendered
aid and comfort to the rebellion by furnishing
military stores, and doing other acts which come
within the purview of the phrase " aid and com-
fort." If the Senator insists upon this amend-
ment, I hope he will so amend it as to apply to
insurgents generally. I ask him to strike out the
words " their enemies," and insert " the insur-
gents." The language would then be constitu-
tional, and apply to every class of persons who
have not only made war against the United States,
but who have adhered to the insurgents by giving
them aid and comfort.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks the
term " insurgents" betterthan " enemies,"! have
no objection to it. My purpose is to extend this
provision to all rebels, and those who have aided
and assisted them. I used the language of the
Constitution simply because I thought itsafer and
better to do it; and I di% not understand the decis-
ion referred to in the same sense that the Senator
does. If he desires, however, I will not oppose his
amendment to change my proposition by inserting
the word " insurgents, instead of "enemies."
Mr. HOWARD. According to Professor Green-
leaf's work on the law of evidence in criminal
cases, the " enemies" spoken of in this clause of
the Constitution are such persons* as, not owing
allegiance to the United States, but to some foreign
Government, have been engaged in making war
upon the United States. But, sir, I confess that
I am entirely opposed to the incorporation of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, in whatever
form it may assume, into the bill. I cannot bear
the idea; and it seems to me that if I were a slave-
holder, I could not bear the idea of employing or
suffering my slaves to be employed in defending
me and my rights as a loyal man, taking arms in
their hands, and going with me into the face of the
battle, and risking their lives to defend my life and
my family and my rights under my Government,
and afterwards reducing those poor creatures to
slavery. I should regard it as a burning and an
eternal shame. I never could do it. I do not care
how lowly, how humble, how degraded a negro
may be, if he takes his musket or any other im-
plement of war and risks his life to defend me,
my countrymen, my family, my Government, my
property, my liberties, my rights, against any foe,
foreign or domestic, it is my duty under God, it
is my duty as a man, as a lover of justice, to see
to it that he shall be free. Having once risked his
life to defend mine, he should never again be a
slave. I would sooner see my right arm drop from
its socket than be guilty of such an act. I hope
theamendmentwill not prevail. If we areto eman-
cipate these slaves according to the policy sketched
by the President of the United States, then we all
know that justice will be done to every loyal owner
whose slave may be employed in defending the
Government, and that is sufficient for me; but, in
any event, I would not be guilty of the cruelty
and injustice of again reducing to slavery a negro
who had once defended me on the field of battle.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think an individual,
a slave, that may have been armed and mustered
into the service of the United States will ever
again be fit for slavery. I think that is the his-
tory of the whole world on this subject. I do
not remember a single example since civilization
commenced, when slaves have been mustered into
the armed service of acountryandagamattempted
to be returned to slavery. I do not believe that any
master of slaves would tolerate such an idea for
a moment. If the slaves of loyal masters are mus-
tered into the service of theUnitedStates we ought
to provide for their liberty; and if they are enti-
tled to pay hereafter, pay them. ,
The question being taken* on Mr. Sherman s
amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—-yeas
18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Collamcr, Cowan
Davis, DooUttle, Fesscndon, Poster, Henderson, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyek,
Willcy, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Foot, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Kim;, Lane of Kansas, MorriH, I'omeroy,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmol, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—J 7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I move to amend the same
section 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to report an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee 011 Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
572) making supplemental appropriations forsun-
dry civil expenses of the Government, for the
year ending June 30, 1863, and for the year end-
ing June 30, 1862, have instructed me to report it
with an amendment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. For the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1863, it proposes to appropriate
$10,000for mileage and compensation of witnesses
and other incidental expenses of the High Court
of Impeachment in the case of West H. Hum-
phreys; §1,000 for laborers employed about the
Hall of the House of Representatives; §6,000 for
repairing post office and custom-house at Bangor,
Maine; $1,800 for salary of clerk of House Com-
mittee on Public Lands according to a resolution of
the House of May 22,1862;$1,000 for pai nting iron
fence around La Fayette square and in front of
the President's House; $2,600 forcompensation of
two clerks in the Surgeon General's office; and
$500,000 to colonize slaves emancipated in the
District of Columbia and those made free by the
probable passage of a confiscation bill, the money
to be repaid to the Treasury out of the proceeds
of the sale of confiscated property. The. bill also
provides that the appropriations for furnishing the
State Department with Howard's Supreme Court
Reports may be applied to reports of the Supreme
Court, under whatsoever name published; and that
the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be the same as that of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy. For the year ending June 30,
1862, the bill proposes to appropriate $1,200 for
coal and fire to warm the library of Congress;
$50,855 49 to supply a deficiency in the Patent
Office fund existing under the act of March 2,1861,
entitled " An act in addition to' An act to promote
the progress of the useful arts,"' the fourteenth
section of which act is repealed; $2,000 to supply
deficiencies in the appropriation for rent of the
office of the surveyor general in California, and
fuel, books, stationery, and pay of messenger;
$10,000for service on additional post routes; and
$15,000 for carrying into effect the treaty with
Great Britain for the suppression of the slave trade.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was to strike out the sixth item of the first section,
in the following words:
For compensation of two clerks, one of class one and one
of class two, hereby authorized to be employed in the office
of the Surgeon General, ,$2,600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for in
another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to submit an
amendment, to come in at the end of the first
section:
For the pay of three commissioners to condense and cod-
ify the laws of the District of Columbia, and for the con-
tingent expenses attending the same, $7,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not pass.
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain exactly what
this amendment is. Perhaps it is known to most
of the members that several years ago Congress
authorized the appointment of two or three com-
missioners to condense and codify the laws of this
District, and in the act which authorized their ap-
pointment it was provided that the code, when
thus prepared, should be submitted to the people
of the District for ratification or rejection by the
popular vote. In consequence, as I have been
told, of one or two objectionable features, one es-
pecially in regard to imprisonment for debt, the
code, as it was called, was voted down. A few
weeks after the commencement of the present ses-
sion, the attention of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia was called to the condition of
the laws in this District. The propriety of au-
thorizing the appointment of some man to report
to Congress such of those acts as were in the mam
unobjectionable to ihe people of the District,and
as ought to be enacted into a law, and to report
by the 1st day of May, in ample time for Con-
gress to pass upon them, was suggested to them.
They reported a bill of that kind, and that bill
Fassed through the Senate by a unanimous vote.
think nobody dissented. It went to the other
House, and they changed the phraseology of the
bill so as to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint three persons, learned in the
law, to condense the laws. It came back to the
Senate, and without my knowledge, and I think
without the knowledge of my friend by my side,
who is on the committee, and who is my coun-
selor and attorney general on these questions,
[Mr. Morrill,] a motion was made to concur in
the action of the House, which I think I may say
we should not have assented to, if we had known
anything about it. In fact I can say that 1 knew
nothing about the action of the House for several
weeks afterwards; so I think it was with my col-
league on the committee. Thus the law stands
authorizing the appointment of three commis-
sioners to codify the laws; but there is no pro-
vision in that law, or in any other, to pay them
any salary, and the Attorney General does not
propose to make the appointment until provision
is made for their payment; and now the question
is for the Senate to decide whether they will make
an appropriation to pay these commissioners when
they shall be appointed or not. I do not know
whether the Government will make the appoint-
ments without the appropriation or not. Certainly
there is no appropriation now, although there is
a law on the statute-hook authorizing their ap-
pointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is quite evident that
this is an attempt to fix a salary of $2,500 each for
three persons, to do we do not know what; how
much or how little we cannot tell. My friend
from Iowa may be in favor of this thing; but I do
not believe he is, though he reports it as the or-
gan of the Committee 011 the District of Colum-
bia. I think it is palpably wrong. The Attorney
General can find somebody to do this work; and
when we know what the work is, and what is
nccessnry to be done, we can provide for paying
a fair rate of compensation. This looks like hold-
ing back until we allow a salary of $2,500 each
for three persons to do a very small woik. It is
absurd 011 its face, and 1 hope the Senate will not
agree to any such proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I tried to make a fair statement
of it. It was proposed, ! think, by the Attorney
General, that the salary should be $2,000, and
that $1,500 of the $7,500 should be for contin-
gencies. I should not have given my assent to the
creation of the three commissionersif I had known
it, and my colleague on the committee [Mr. Mou-
rill] says he would not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very important to
have these laws revised, I will say to the Senator
from Maine; it is important to have it done now.
There is the greatest uncertainty about the laws
in this District, and it is very important that they
should be done in some shape. Although $7,500
seems a considerable sum for this, I think it bet-
ter to pass even that amount, in the shape it is,
than to omit to have the laws codified or revised
in some way, so that the people can understand
what they are. I have had some little experience
since I have been on the Judiciary Committee,
and I know it is with the greatest difficulty that
we can find out what the law is here. When prop-
ositions are made to pass new laws, we have to
spend a great deal of time in searching the statutes
ofMaryland to ascertain what the law now is, and
ofcourse we cannot propose the remedy unless we
know what the trouble is. It is important to have
this done. If it is not best to appropriate $7,500,
and this law was passed inadvertently, 1 suggest
that we so amend this proposition as to appro-
priate $3,500, and insert a proviso that but one
commissioner shall be employed. We can do that
in this same amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not like, at this pe-
riod of the session, to be legislating 011 this sub-
ject. I am informed that a bill has passed here
within a few days, or been reported from the Ju-
diciary Committee, making some arrangement in
regard to codifying the laws of this District, but
