1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S79
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to maki' a motion to go into executive session.
Mr. POWELL. I insist on my motion to
adjourn. All the Senators around me wish to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 27, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State in answer to a resolution of the
House ofRcpresentatives of the22d instant, call-
ing for further correspondence relating to Mexi-
can affairs; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REBELLION" LOSSES.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 401) relating to claims for the loss
and destruction of property belonging to loyal cit-
izens, and damages thereto, by the troops of the
United States during the present rebellion, upon
which the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Web-
ster,] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the gentleman to
give way to me for a moment to enable me to ask
the House to pass a resolution which the public
service imperatively demands.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am going to make a sug-
gestion which will let the gentleman in directly.
Upon consultation with some of the friends of the
bill now before us, it has been thought best that
its consideration shall be postponed for the time
being, and until some day certain. That meets
my view of the subject, if it is agreeable to the
chairman of the Committee of Claims, [Mr. Fen-
ton.]
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the
postponement of the bill, if it can be made the
special order for two weeks from this day.
By unanimous consent, the further considera-
tion of the bill was postponed until this day two
weeks, and it was made the special order for that
day.
RAISING AND WRECKING OF SUNKEN VESSELS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Naval Allans, with a view to
put it upon its passage, a joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to contract for
the raising or wrecking of sunken vessels of war.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Does that come in
in the regular order, as a report from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, from New
York, asks consent to report the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 object to any-
thing out of the regular order.
BOARD OF FORTIFICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 416) authorizing the appointment of a board
of fortifications, to provide for the sea-coast and
other defenses of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] who reported that bill, is not
present, and I hope it will be postponed.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
bill can be passed over.
Mr. COX. I hope that will be done. #
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over informally.
The SPEAKER then proecedcd, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for re-
Eorts, beginning with the Committee on Public
,ands.
COLORADO DESERT.
Mr. CRISFIELD, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, the bill 'if the House (No. 417)
granting to the Siah  of California the tract of land i
known as the Colorado desert for the purpose of 1
introducingasufficicntsupply offresh water upon
and over the same.
The bill was read.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Unless there is a desire to
debate this bill, I will ask the previous question
upon its passage. I will withdraw it, however,
if any gentleman desires information in relation
to the bill, or wishes to debate it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr. What amount of
land does the bill giant to the State of California?
Mt. CRISFIELD. 1 think, from the best in-
formation I have been able to obtain, that there
are about three millions of acres of land in this
basin known as the Colorado desert.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. Does this bill grant
the whole of that tract?
Mr. CRISFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would like to know
whether there is any printed report accompanying
this bill.
Mr. CRISFIELD. There is a printed report,
No. 87.
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maryland will not demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of this bill. It is
one of some importance. It proposes to grant a
large body of land to the State of California merely
for the purpose of furnishing a supply of whole-
some water along a line of road of travel. A prop-
osition was made several years ago to divert the
waters of the Colorado and inundate a laige por-
tion of country known as the Colorado desert. I
am aware" that it is intended by this bill to guard
against any diversion of the waters of a navigable
stream, by providing that the waters of that stream
shall not be so diverted as to obstruct the naviga-
tion of that river. But we are called upon now to
giant to the State of California three millions of
acres of land, as the gentleman from Maryland
states, and I believe the amount will be more than
that. If I am not mistaken, the lands in this very
basin have been surveyed by the public suivey-
urs,and have been leported by the public survey-
ois as fit for cultivation and settlement. I hope
the passage of this bill will not be urged, when
gentlemen have not had an opportunity of exam-
ining the repoit which has been made. This
desert, I btheve, is about ninety miles in extent.
If it is proposed to establish it as a precedent that
where there is any portion of the country unfur-
nished with water for a distance of ninety miles,
you shall grant to the State in which that land is
situated all the public lands for the purpose of fur-
nishing watei along the line of that road, let us t
say so. The pwnciple of ibis bill would apply to
the Jornada del Muerte in the Territory of New
Mexico—a desert extending for the distance of
ninety miles on the main line of travel between
the settlements on the upper and the lower Rio
Grande. I have crossed that deseit, and there is
a distance of more than ninety miles where there
is no water. If, then, we are willing to grant to
the State of California these lands for the purpose
of enabling thatState to fui nish water for travelers
upon this tlescrt, we shall be called upon to do the
same thing for the Territory of New Mexico.
Tins bill, sir, is of too great importance to be put
upon its passage hastily, and I hope the gentle-
man fiom Maryland will allow time for its due
consideration. I am not at present prepared to
give it my assent; but, peihaps, upon considera-
tion, I may come to a different conclusion.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in 1859 the
State of California passed resolutions asking its
Representatives mid m.stiu-cting its Senators to
pioeure the passage of a bill donating to the State
of California lands thus desciibed:
"Beginning at the initial point of the San Bernardino
ba e line as established bj the general survej ; thence lim-
ning cast on tlie said line to the Colorado rivet ; thence
down -said rivet to injunction with the southern State line;
thence west, along said line, to the eastern base of the mam
range ot mountains; thence noithei ly, along the ba:-c of the
said tange of mountain**, to the place ot beginning.''
This subject was inferred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and has been carefully examined
by thorn. The committee have i eported that they
cannot advise the ^rant uf ail the land here asked
fur, because a latge poition of it, peihaps one half,
is mountain land, which is not necessary tor the
purpose which the State of California sets forth
as the reason for which the grant should be made.
The State desires tins grant to the end that it may
introduce water upon this means ot communica- :
don between the East and the West, and also for
the purpose of bringing a largo portion of .this
territory into settlement. The committee ha^ve
carefully examined all the evidence laid before
them, and while they reject , the claim as to the
mountainous district, which embraces about half
the tract asked for, they advise the cession of the
residue. The principle on which that advice is
given is, that the part proposed to be ceded to the
State of California is in truth and in facta desert,
utterly,worthless to this Government or to any
one else, unless it can be watered by artificial
means. .
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CRISFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask whether it has been
ascertained with any degree of accuracy that all
these three milHons^of acres are worthless?
Mr. CRISFIELD. The committee thinks so,
and has supplied the proof with its report show-
ing the facts. This report has been on the table
of members for more than a month. It was made
on the 23d of April, and has been printed and
within the reach of every member of the House
for a month past. The land proposed to be ceded
is thus described:
It is a vast, naked, desolate plain. With the exception
of a nairow snip ot bottom land on the west bank or' the
Colorado livei, and small patches ofgiass around tho few
water holes and springs in the vicinity of San Gorgonio
Pass, it is a wane, uninhabitable country, without vegeta-
tion, except occasional bunches of tho creosote plant, and
near the. California mountains, of thcartemisla, and incapa-
ble of vegetation. From Apiil to October it is subject to
intense heat, the atmosphere is dry and scotching like the
hot air from a tmnace, and from November to March to
severe cold. At the latter season the winds from the Coast
range of mountain's *weep acros- this vast plain to the Gulf
of California with great violence, iniMiig the fine sand of
the deceit in immense cloud1-, filling the atmosphere, con-
cealing landmaiks, almost obscuring the light of the sun,
and forcing the traveler to stop immediately, and await, as
best he can, until the gale ceases. The Indians dwelling
at the outlet of San Goigomo Pass regard this desert with
honor. They call it the k journey of death,' and believe
that the^ouls oi had Indians'are condemned to wander over
this deveit forever—in summer without water, in winter
without clothing.
The facts here stated are sustained by the most
abundant testimony. Here is the letter of Cap*
tain Burton, of the United States Army, from
winch this description of the country is literally
taken. Gentlemen can read it for themselves.
Here is the letter of General Emory. He says:
"The deceit chaiactcrof that couutiy, the obstacles it
presents to the tian>poi ration of Government supplies and
to ini mint at ion, aic undoubted. These obstacles, unless
tcmoved. must in the end fotee all navel to take the ciicui-
tous sen toute. That the> will ever be removed, underour
pies-ent mode of di-.po'sing ot the public lands, is impossi-
ble. No Miialcownei o! aseetiouot land, or of any ten eon-
! seeutivi- Motion** of land, could, with the Ica^t pioepoct of
i mk-' e-N, attempt the cultivation of any part of the desert.
! To open anypottion to settlement would rofjutiea large
i capital, and the absolute pioprietorship of the ught of way
| of the aqueduct from tho router of water to the point to be
j ungated, and that would cover a very consuletable. space.
• "The impoi lance to California of having this oasis estab-
lished is veiy areat. OtheiwKe, nil the immense mineral
wealth of the Atizona and Gila di>tricts, now developing,
must, instead of going out through some California port,
seek the more distant poit of Guayma*, in a foreign terri-
tory. It is also very important totheGonoial Government;
font i< ovri thisdeseit Government stores are transported,
i and the overland mail has not been able to find a practicable
uinlcr route."
Here is a letter,also, from Mr. R.C.Matthew-
son, Government surveyor in California. Time
will not allow mo to read it. There is alsoalettei
from Mr. A. B. Gray, commissioner to run the
i boundary between the United Statesand Mexico,
j He says:
!  • As it now stand**, this desert is unavailable for produc-
j uve puipo-es; but your plan, if I comprehend it rightly,
' will, it practicable, t believe, conduce to the public good,
■ and be of great benefit to the United States Government,
1 to California, and to the tiade and travel generally of that
! pa.it of our continent."
i There are also letters from A. D. Campbell,
! John Rains, W. W. McCoy, late major in the
! United States At my, Captain Stone, and others,
j All desciibe the territory as a desert, utterly un-
I fit for settlement or cultivation, by reason of the
| absence of water.
I I believe that, naturally, the soil is capable of
, improvement. It has been found that where mois-
| ture has been applied in sufficient quantities, the
! soil has produced vigorously. The Legislature of
! the State of California is of opinion that water can
besupplied fiom the Colorado. Thecunfoimation
of the substrata is such as to give great facilities
forinigation. It is proposed to ungate this region
of country, and to make valuable these three mil-
