3340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
providing that it shall be done at the expense of
the District. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. No such bill has been re-
ported from the Judiciary Committee,
Mr. GRIMES. J suppose the Senator from
Maine refers to a bill the passage of which I se-
cured on lastSaturday evening, amendatory of the
• police law. That bill authorized the police com-
missioners to have all their rules and regulations,
and all the laws of the District and the acts of the
corporation relating to criminal offenses against
the municipal authorities, published, and we in-
serted a provision that it should be done without
expense to the United States. The Senator from
Maine, I suppose, has confounded that with this.
Mr, TRUMBULL. If this appropriation of
$7,500 is to be resisted, I shall propose to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, if the
Senator from Maine will assent to it in that shape,
•so as to provide that §3,500 be appropriated for
•this purpose, with a proviso that but one commis-
sioner shall beemployed to perform this duty, and
that so much of the law referred to as authorizes
the appointment of three commissioners be re-
pealed. That, then, would meet the views of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, if that
law was passed inadvertently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am afraid that it will get
us into diificulty with the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr, TRUMBULL. If there is any trouble
•about it we can recede from it. There is no dan-
ger of the bill being lost by this, because it will
have to go back to the Blouse any way; and
rather than lose the proposition altogether I should
vote for the §7,500. Perhaps it had butter go that
way.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Make it $2,500.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that we make it
$3,000, and that that bo adopted, so as to cover
any incidental expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing; I am not
particular as to the amount*
Mr. GRIMES. The codification has already
been completed four or five years ago, as I have
stated, and I believe, the main features of it to the
acceptance of everybody. All this man will have
to do will be to select out from that eode, which
is already in book form, such provisions as are
known to be acceptable to the profession and to
•all the citizens here.
Mr, ANTHONY. I desire to read a single
paragraph from the report made by the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
«how the necessity of the codification of the laws
•of this District.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There is no necessity
tfbr throe commissioners.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I think it had better be done,
«ven if it costs something. The report to which
I have referred says:
u The commlttce would embrace this occasion to call tho
attention of the Semite to tlx* necessity wluclt exists for the
collection and codification of the law* of the Dlsirict of Co-
lumbia, with a view to future amendment; and, as illus-
trative of pitch necessity, they would refn to the law es-
, tabllshing the fo«s of the marshal for keeping and dieting
rarlaoners in the Jail. Thin fee U fixed in the Maryland law
November 17,1779, chapter twenty-five, clause three,which
allows twelve pounds of tobacco per day for euch prisoner.
To ascertain the value In Federal eurrrency of twelve
pounds of tobacco, n« then rated, recourse is had to the law
•of Maryland of October, 1780, chapter twenty-three, clause
three, which retjuhrs ail tobacco i«>es to borntcd at 10s. 6<?.
sterling per hundred pounds and Spanish dollar at 7s. 0d,
each. Hy an application of the 4 mlc of three,' it is ascer-
tained that twelve pouud> of tobacco were cqtml to two
hundred and one thousandths of a .Spanish dollar, which
■would be twenty coins and one mill Federal euuencv, if
ihe American dollar weie ol the same weight and fineness
of the Spanish dollar of that period. But inasmuch at. there
is a difference In favor of the Spanish dollar, that differ-
ence must be estimated, and tlis fraction coirespouding to
twenty cents n d one mill added to the fee. By tint* pain-
ful calculation it is found that the law allows twenty-one
cents per day to the marshal for Keeping and dieting pris-
oner in the jail. It is>omewhatamazhtf? that such a method
of ascertaining the compensation of an officer of the Dis-
trict of Columbia should have survived eighty-three years
and be m lull torec at this day; yet the committee believe
that this is not exceptional, in point of awkwardness, from
the general fundamental laws of the District."
Mr.TRUMBULL. I propose to put the amend-
ment m this form:
For the pay of a commissioner, and incidental expenses,
under tiie act for the codification and revision of the laws
of the District of <;ol umbia, approved May 20,1862, the sura
of $3,000; and so much of the above recited act as author-
izes the appointment of more than one commissioner be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer this amendment, to
come in at the end of the first section of the bill:
For clerk hire in the consolidated land office at Des
Moines, towa, to be disbursed by the register at a rate not
exceeding three dollars per day, from the 31st day of De-
cember, 1861, to the 30th of June, 1863, $1,638.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I also offer the following
amendment, which appropriates no money, to be
added as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the office of clerk in
charge of unfinished surveys in the General Land Office
under the act of January 22,1853, be, and the same is here-
by, abolished, and the duties thereof shall be transferred to
the principal draughtsman of the General Land Office or
such other clerk as the Commissioner of said office may
designate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a saving?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted, That where any Senator or
Representative withdiaws from bis seat in anticipation of
the adjournment of Congress, and before the adjournment,
and does not icappear, he shall, in addition to the sum now
deducted foi iMrh day. foifcit a fui ther sum equal to the
mileage now allowed by law for his return home, which
shall be deducted from his compensation, unless where
such withdiawal is on account of illness of himself or
family.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not want to divide the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot pass that at
this period of tho session. It is legislation on an-
other subject, which should not go on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance what is
the fourteenth section of the act of March 2,1861,
that is to be repealed by this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a law providing for
certain printing of the Patent Office which is very
expensive, and not for the benefit of the office but
of the public, and it has caused a deficiency which
we have to make up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wanted an explanation of
that deficiency. I did not understand it, and do
not now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 did not understand the
explanation of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your colleague can give it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 should like to hear it.
Mr. SIMMONS. This fourteenth section of
the act of March 2, 1861, required certain print-
ing to be done at the expense of the patent fund,
which has fuodueedadehciency. When itisdone,
it is for the benefit of the public, and we thought
if we repealed the provision, there would he no
deficiency to provide for hereafter.
The amendments were ordered to be engiossed
and the bill to be read a thii d time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay,his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed, on the 14th instant, the follow-
ing acts and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 93) for changing the place for
holding the September term of the district court
of the United States in the district of Maine;
An act (S. No. 98) to amend an act entitled
" An act to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors
and intoxicating drinks in the District of Colum-
bia in certain cases," approved August 5, 1861;
An act (S. No. 219) granting an invalid pension
to Hugh H. Howard, of Hocldngport, State of
Ohio;
An act (S. No. 270) concerning the courts of the
United States in and for the district of Michigan:
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 94) to change the
name of the schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean
Eagle.
REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom this subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 399) relative to the revenue
cutter service, to provide for the appointment of
commissioned officers, and for other purposes;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
, ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
The consideration of the bill (S. No. 394) to
amend the act calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, approved February 28,1795, and
the acts amendatory thereof, and for other pur-
poses, was resumed asin Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
move a couple of additional sections to this bill as
amendments. I offer this amendment:
And be it further enacted, That medical purveyors and
storekeepers shall give bonds in such sum as the Secretary
of War may Require, with security to be approved by hiin.
I will simply say that some of these medical
purveyors have a large amount of property put
into their hands, and it is important for the pub-
lic interests that the Secretary of War shall have
the power, if he sees fit, to take such bonds as may
be necessary for the public security. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I now move
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $15,000 be ap-
propriated out ofany money in theTieasury not otherwise
appropuated,ior the purchase of artificial limbs for soldiers
and seamen disabled in the service of the United States, to
be expended under the direction of the Suigeon General.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have had no ob-
jection to that if it had been offered to the appro-
priation bill which has just been disposed of; but
if you send this bill to the House of Represent-
atives with this amendment in it, making an ap-
propriation, it cannot be passed there and become
a law.
Mr. GRIMES. Can we not, by general con-
sent, pat it on the other bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent this clause'be added to the other bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we add this appropria-
tion to this bill, it will have to go to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the amendment to this bill; and if we can put it
on the other bill, very well.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it understood that it goes
on the other bill by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it cannot be done without a recon-
sideration.
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
passing the bill (H. R. No. 572) making supple-
mental appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1863, and for the year ending June 30, 1862.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to amend this bill
by adding the section submitted by the Senator
from Massachusetts,and I will say in connection
with this subject that some time ago my attention
was called to the necessity of making an appro-
priation of &5,000 for the Navy and $10,000 for
the Army for this pupose:
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $15,000 be ap-
propriated out of any money m the Treaty not otherwise
appropriated for the purchase of artificial limbs for soldiers
and seamen in the service of the United States, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Surgeon General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to amend the title
by adding "and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
PROLONGATION OF THE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
President of the United States:
Executive Mansion, Washington, July 15,1852.
Sir: Please inform the Senate that I shall be obliged if-
they will postpone the adjournment at least one day beyond
the time winch I understand to be now fixed for it.
Your obedient servant, ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Solomon Foot, President pi o tempore of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announted that the
