398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
to the honorable Senator that I have not a speech
to make on this subject,
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes 13, noes 14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Several Senators. There is no quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How can we act on that
without a quorum?
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 20, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Itov. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CERTAIN RAILROAD SURVEYS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in answer
to a resolution of the House, asking for informa-
tion as to certain railroad surveys; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
BEAD HORSES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication ft om the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House in regard to the
removal of dead horses; which waylaid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OV THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives; which was laid upon the tabic, and
ordered to be punted.
HON. WILLIAM A. HALL, OF MISSOURI.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Hon. William
A. Hall, member elect from the third congres-
sional district of Missouri, ts present; and I move
that he be sworn in.
Hon. William A. Hall then appeared, and
took the usual oath to support the Constitution
of the United States.
JOSEPH SEGAR.
Mr.DAWES,Irom the Committee of Elections,
to which was referred the memorial of Joseph Se-
gar, praying to be admitted as a Representative in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress from the first dis-
trict of Virginia, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That Joseph Sugar i^ not entitled to a seat in
Hum JIou-.e liom th.' fnst dt.-tiictot Virginia.
Mr. MAYNAUD. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to consider that, resolution now, or to post-
pone its further considei ation 3
Mr. DAWES. I propose to let it go over to
some convenient day.
The report of the committee was laid upon the
table, and oulered to be printed.
Mr. DAWKS, from the same committee, sub-
mitted tli'1 following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, in the mattei of the memorial of Joseph Segar,
prajmsj to hf admitted to a so.it m iln< House a* a Itepie-
m'litanve fiom the fust district of Vimuua, that, pending
the di^euvionot the subject mattei of said memoual, the
inemon.ilM may occupy a seatnml addicts the ilon^oupon
th<> merit.- of the question, subject m all cases to the iulo-5
of the House.
EXCUSED 1'UOM A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER stated that lie had lcceived a
communication from Hon. William Vaxi>evi;ii,
asking to bo excused fiom further service on the
special c®mmittee on the establishment of an ar-
mory west of the Alleghany mountains, because
of absence from the city m discharge of other
duties.
The question was taken, and Mr. Vakde^le.
was excused Irom further service on that com-
mittee.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had ex-
amined and found tiuly enrolled a jointresolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Tieasury to trans-
fer certain balances of an appropriation for punt-
ing for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress to the sum appropriated for the first
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress; when the
Speaker signed the same.
ENFORCEMENT OF THE PEACE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 159) for the more convenient and effective en-
forcement of the laws of the United States con-
cerning the security to keep the peace and for good
behavior, with the recommendation that it do not
pass; which was laid upon the table.
SUPPLIES FURNISHED BY TIIE STATES.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle with States for sup-
plies furnished their troops; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ARCHIBALD C. CRARY.
Mr. GRIDER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Archibald C. Crary, heir-at-law of Colonel Arch-
ibald Crary, to pay for services of Colonel Crary,
deceased; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
FLOATS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. 1 move that the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 114) autfiorizingfloats
to issue in satisfaction of claims against the Uni-
ted States for lands sold by them within the Los
Amigos and La Nana grants, in the State of Lou-
isiana, and that the same be recommitted to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The question was taken, and it was so ordered.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
older to be the bill (H. R.No. 11G) to amend an act
of 3d March, 3837, supplementary to an act enti-
tled " An act to amend the judicial system of the
United States," the consideration of which had
been postponed to this day.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 have no objection to let
that bill go over informally as unfinished business,
in order to accommodate gentlemen. I only de-
sire that it shall not be pushed out of its regular
order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is a bill in
relation to the reconstruction of judicfSt circuits
in the United States, and if the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] who took so much in-
terest in this subject when it was up before, does
not object, 1 shall not object.
The question was taken, and Mr. Bingham's
motion was agreed to.
TREATIES WITH NEZ PERCES, ETC.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, submitted
the following ievolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
JIcolvrd, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
stnieted loinquae into the expediency of making an ap-
piopnation to deliay the expenses of holding treaties with
the Nez Poiees and the Snake ltivcr Jiidian-, with a view-
to the purchase of the whole or a part of the lands now held
by said Indians in tin- Tenitoiy of Washington; and that
they lepoit by bill oi otheiwise.
SALINE LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILEY offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Raoh-Cil, That llio Pecrrtaiyof the Intenoi be requested
to communicate to lias Iloase the condition of the saline
landc in the Temtmy of Nebraska, with *ueh recommend-
ations concerning tlie same a* may, in ins judgment, be
piomotive oi the public inteiest.
PUULIC LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILEY offered the following preamble
and resolution; which was read, considered, and
greed to:
YVheiens,by act of Oongiess approved 22d of June, 1854,
cenam townships m a reservation ot twelve miles square,
m the Ilimtsvillc diftnot* m the State of Alabama, were
authouzed to select lands from the public domain foi school
putpoaes and wheieas, m pursuance of the provisions of
said aet, the agent ofs-aid townships did subsequently select
eeitain lands in the Temtoiy of Nebraska; and whereas
the Stale of Alabama, (including said townships,) by act of
her lejtKsIaturr, has tieasonably joined m the lebelhon for
the ovetthiow of the Government of the United State-?,
thereby foifeuing all right to the enjoyment of its munifi-
cence: Theiefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of confiscating said
lands, and appropriating them to the Tenitory of Nebraska
for the use and endowment of the seminary now in oper-
ation by authority of the Territorial Legislature, at the
mouth of the Great Platte liver, and report by bill or other-
wise.
POST ROADS IN COLORADO.
Mr. BENNET introduced the following-resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oil the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
propriety of establishing the following post roads in the
Tenitory of Colorado, herewith submitted.
MILITARY POSTS IN COLORADO.
Mr. BENNET introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the piopnety of establishing two.
militaiy posts, one in the southwestern and the other in
the notthwestern part of Coloiado Tenitory, with a view
ot lestraining the Indian tribes on the Pacific slope of the
Itocky mountains, and piotecting prospecting parties and
miners and settlers in that region.
MEXICAN CONTRIBUTION .FUND.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House the names of all clerks and other
employes in the Executive Departments who have received
allowances from the " Mexican contribution fund," in ad-
dition to their regular salaries, with the respective amounts
paid to each and the dates of payment; and also by what
President or Secretary the same were allowed; and further,
if any allowances have been made to clerks Irom this fund
which have not been paid, by what Secretary the allow-
ances, if any, were made ; and, if not paid, whethcror not
the unpaid cases differ from those which iiave been paid.
BOUNTIES TO WIDOWS, ETC.
Mr. EDWARDS introduced the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
lequested to inquiie whether any appropriation has been
made by law for the payment of the bounty provided to be
paid by the sixth section of the act of July 22, 1861, to the
widows or legal hens of such volunteers as may die or be
killed in the service; andifnosuch appropriation has teen
made, to bung in a bill making such appropiiation at the
earliest convenient time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that there is a diffcrcncc of opinion at the Depart-
ment upon the construction of the law as to whether
such bounty is due now or at the close of the war.
I suggest to the gentleman that he should modify
his resolution so as to authorize the-committec to
inquire into the expediency of making such ap-
propriation at this time, and that the question be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. As a doubt has been ex-
pressed as to the construction of the law to which
the foregoing resolution applies, I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire whether any finther legislation is neces-
sary to sccute to widows and heiis of volunteers who may
die or be killed in the service, the bounty intended to have
been secured to them by the sixth section of the act of July
22, 1861.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
HARBORS IN MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to preserve from
destruction by natural causes, and protect for na-
tional defense, the harbors of Provmcctown and
the beach of Plymouth, in Massachusetts; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT also, in connection with the above
bill, presented a petition of S. B. Finney and
eight hundred others, citizens of Provmcetown,
in reference to the above-mentioned bill; which
was referied to the Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR OF NEW HAVEN.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hold in my hand a preamble
and resolution passed by the Common Council of
New Haven, in relation to the harbor defenses of
the harbor ot New Haven.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
resolution can be filed under the rule.
MESSAGE PBOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary; also a message stating that
the President had approved and signed a resolu-
tion in reference to the sale of the ruins of the
■Washington Infirmary.
