2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
lion acres of land, which is now incapable of sup-
porting life, and which, to use a strong expres-
sion made by the Senator from California to me,
is not in a condition that a rattlesnake could live
on it. When this water is introduced it may
become a productive region, capable of support-
ing human life, becoming a source of wealth to
the State of California, and a convenience to the
United States, as opening a communication for
supplies to the region of country along the Gila
and Pacific coast. There is no way in which com-
munication can be established between the south-
ern portion of the United States and the Pacific
coast, except across this region of country. Your
mail route is now forced to trespass on Mexican
territory in order to avoid the heat and drought
of this desert.
AU these facts are set forth with particularity
in this report, and sustained by ample proof. Gen-
tlemen have only to look at the report to see the
fact for themselves. The conclusions at which
the committee has arrived are sustained by the
proofs in the case. Now, Mr. Speaker, of what
possible use can that territory be to this country,
unless it be irrigated and made fit for cultivation
and settlement? It cannot be sold unless the Gov-
ernment improves it. And can it be expected that
this Government is going to devise and carry out
means to introduce water there and to induce settle-
ment? These lands have been open to settlement
for ten years, and it is believed that not a human
being lives upon them. Except on the margin of
the Colorado, there is not a foot of land in this
Territory that has ever been taken up for settle-
ment. It has been the established policy of the
Government to grant lands that are submerged.
Gieat fiauds, it is said, have been practiced in
this way. That may possibly be so. But yet
millions and millions of acres have been granted
to the States! under the title of swamp lands. They
cannot be brought into cultivation except by
artificial means.
Now, will any one tell me what distinction there
is, in principle, between a grant of land based on
the fact that there is too much water to allow it
to be settled and cultivated, and the land which,
for want of water, is in the same condition ? In
Louisiana, m Aikansas, and, I believe, m almost
all the States of the West, immense grants have
been made to the States as swamp lands. Here
is a desert m California which cannot bo traveled
over, cannot, be appropriated to any use, cannot j
be brought into settlement at all, or made to add
to the wealth of (he State. It is proposed to cede :
it to the State of California to the end that she
may improve it, bring it into settlement, and make
it a soulco of wealth. Ami how does California
propose to compensate the United Stati s for it?
She proposts to supply water in adequate quan-
tity, and to yield to the United States locutions
for arsenals, forts, and all Army pui poses, and to
supply water to ail the emigration over it. What
greater benefit can ever be expected from these
lands th,in to have them thus impioved and opened
to settlement Why, sir, if you will look upon
the map lor a moment you will find that the route
by which your mails are now or have been eai-
lted litis been diveited into Mexico, to the end
that water may be obtained. It is proposed now
to bring* this land into a condition to make a mail
rruU<' th rough it pi actieable ; it is pi oposed to make
this vast de.sei t country, much of it, habitable and
valuable: to open a convenient way over it for the
supply of watei to * In* emigration that may pass
over it; and can there be any solid, substantial
reason why it should not be done?
Then, Air. Speaker, what does this bill propose
that the Government shall give away ? itisanut-
teily worthless tract of country winch must con-
tinue, m the hands of the Government, foiever
worthless, unless you enter into a scueme of im-
provement, to which thoie are a multitude of ob-
jections that I would not now take the time of the
House to state.
Mr. Speaker, it has been my fortune, without
any knowledge upon the subject, to be selected by
the Committee on Public Lands to examine tin's
case. I come fiom a region of country the most
remote fiom that to which this hill relates. I have
not the slightest interest or fueling in the matter,
I care not what disposition the House may see fit,
to make of u. I have looked carefully into all the
circumstances attending the case; I have looked at
them in the light of a judge; I have tried to look
at them in the light of a statesman; I believe both
that it is an honest claim and that it will be good
policy to allow it. At the expense of a good.deal
of labor to myself, I have collected the evidence
which is embodied in the report, and have pre-
pared the report which is now submitted for the
consideration of the House.
I think this grant ought to be made, I think jus-
tice to the State of California requires and that
the interests of the United States require it to be
made; and hence I have reported, with the con-
currence of the Committee on Public Lands, in
favor of the grant being made.
Now, suppose we pass this bill, and the scheme
for watering this desert is never carried out, the
grant itself is then void. The bill has been drawn
with great care,and the guards thrown round the
grant are ample. If the State of California fails
to furnish an adequate supply of water the grant
is void, and the land comes buck to ourpossession
in the same condition in which it is now. If wc
can, by this means, obtain a supply to the vast
amount of travel over this desert, if we can open
a practicable road, either rail or stage, with con-
venient supplies of water, we shall have performed
a good service to the country at large, as well as
a great benefit to the State of California. If, how-
ever, as I have said, these objects shall not be ac-
complished, the land will then revert back to the
Government.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Has the gentleman from
Maryland completed his remarks?
Mr. CRISFIELD. I proposed to call the pre-
vious question, unless the gentleman wishes to be
heard.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to say something
upon this bill.
Mr. CRISFIELD, I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I wish to correct an impres-
sion which the remarks of the gentleman fiom
Maryland htiveprobably produced in regard to the
action of the Committee on Public Lands upon
this bill. If I am not mistaken, when this bill was
first presented to the Committee on Public Lands
by the gentleman fiom Maryland it was voted
down. In consideration, however, of the fact that
the gentleman from Maryland had devoted a great
deal of care and attention to the investigation of
the subject, and that he had prepared with much
labor and reseaich a report which was believed,
after hearing it read, to contain much valuable in -
foi mation, i hey reconsidered then action,and con-
sented that the gentleman fiom Maryland should
repoi t the bill to the House with a view of having
thereport printed, and that the House should then
lecommit the matter to the Committee on Public
Lands.
1 was opposed to the bill when it was before
the committee and I am still opposed to it. I do
not piopose, however, on this occasion, to go into
a general discussion upon its ments, but to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Maryland that the bill
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where it may be fairly
considered by the House and acted upon.
My opposition to the bill arises from seveiul
considerations. In the first place, the Depart-
j ment of the Interior, through the Commissioner
I of Public. Lands, have expressed their opinion in
i reference to this matter. Three letters will bo
found in tins report from the Commissioner of
i Public Lands, to extracts from which I shall, for
I a moment, ask the attention of the House. In a
; letter dated Maich 12,186*2, the Commissionerof
j the General Land Offh-e says:
| " If will be seen that these <U -ctiptive note* indicate a
j ncli -soil, but ab-cncc of water, on all that pomon or the
< country south ot The mountain Tho field nofp«; or'
the f-uixiivwonal suivejf-, and tht* de^cnptions bv o 11 the
t Government exploit-.,Vorioboute the ftatemeut* of the
II tle-onplive non s herewith
1 j  • Theie (.in be hftle doubt that the inouuf<uii>-niroutul-
! nat tin.- de.-eit, in common with the mountain ranges in nil
| ill,if tem< n of cumitn, contain mineral wealth of gieat
j value, ami thai m no event ^hoiiicl the mountain it-^ion he
1 included ni tho pioposed giant."'
| These extracts show that at least a portion of
these three millions of aci rs proposed to be ceded
j by tins grant to the State of California, or m fact
I to a single private individual, as 1 understand it,
| embraces some valuable agricultural lands, and
j lies in a rich mineral legion.
| Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 hope my friend from
I Ohio will allow me to make an inquiry. I am
informed that in stating the action of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands upon this bill, nothing has
been said of the second report which has been
made. I understand the gentleman to intimate
that the bill was not properly reported to the
House. Have I understood correctly?
Mr. TRIMBLE. That was not my remark.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Will the gentleman be good
enough to repeat his statement?
Mr. TRIMBLE. My statement was that when
the bill was first presented to the committee by
the gentleman from Maryland it was voted down
by the committee. The committee, however, after
hearing read the report of the gentleman, believ-
ing that it contained many matters of general in-
terest, agreed that the bill should be reported to
the House for the purpose of having it printed,
with the understanding that it should afterwards
be committed again to the Committee on Public
Lands, which I believe was done.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman will permit me to say that the state-
ment which he makes is true just as far as he
makes it, but he stops before he tells the whole.
The bill and report, after being ordered to be
printed, were referred back to the committee, and
I was again instructed, by what I supposed to be
the unanimous consent of the committee, to report
the bill and ask that it should be passed. It is
true that my friend from Ohio opposed it when
first presented to the committee, and I do not know
that he gave any active assent to it at the time the
second report was ordered to bo made, but I heard
no objection coming fiom him.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 believe I was not present
when the second report was ordered to be made.
But, sir, I will proceed to read the second letter of
the Commissioner of Public Lands addressed to
the Secretary of the Interior, March 16, 1860.
Ide says:
"The field notes of the survey show the land in m*ny
place* in the valley5: to be of good quality, with great want
of water and timber, but generally to be thud rate and sandy,
mter^peMed with diy beds of salt lake-, rugged and btoken
near the mountains, with no timber oi watei. We have
nothing beai ms upon tho unsuiveycd pait ot tlie tractor the
mountains ihetem.
Looking to our limited knowledge of thir> region of (he
State, oui want of in'oimation m repaid to the extent of the
minoial wealth ot ltd mountain**, and con-ideinig the great
e\tent of the giant, and the lauro otithiy already made by
tiie United tfiaus foi the survey of the sime, { can find no
ijiound winch would wanant me in recommending a tians-
tei ns a pun* gratuity of the piopuetai) interest of the Uni-
ted States."
In another letter dated February 13, 1861, the
Commissioner says:
<k The water project is designed, it is understood, to open
the way tor the intercommunication thiough the eounny
for all ptupo-es.and it isthmus!) that means po,tton?of the
lauds, it is expected, wilt be redeemed. I would therefore
respectfully suggest that should Congress contemplate fa-
vorable legudution, it be conditioned : that the tfecretaij of
War he authorized to cau=e a-nivcyand examination to
be made as to the practicability of Mippiym^ water to this
region, as proposed, and as to the charaetei of the soil, &c."
It is very apparent, Mr. Speaker, from this re-
port, that much of this land is now valuable for
agricultural purposes. It is also apparent that it
is at least m the immediate vicinity of valuable
mineral lands. And it is because this bill pro-
poses to change the whole system of the Govern-
ment in relation to the mineral lands, and the
policy of former land grants to States and corpo-
rations, that I have felt it my duty to oppose this
measure. It will certainly be much better to de-
lay action upon a bill which disposes at once of
three millions of acres of the public lands before
the proper officers of the Government have had
tune to institute inquiries as to the quality of the
soil, the piesence of or proximity to minerals, or
the practicability of the project which is proposed
to be accomplished.
Mr. CRISFIELD. My friend from Ohio will
permit me to correct him. This bill especially re-
serves to the Government all the lands now known
or which may hereafter be found to contain min-
eral lands.
Mr. TRIMBLE. That may be; but I under-
stand very well how often we are asked to pass
measures here in regard to these mineral lands,
ielievin<c them from the operation of present laws.
Air. PHELPS, of Missouu. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman from Maryland precisely where
this nactofland lies in California, lam not able
precisely to tiY it m respect to the mineral regions
of that State.
Mr. CRISFIELD. In the region which this
