1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14:21
in this country, a man of great inventive genius,
has laid out much of his own funds in its con-
struction; the Government has also spent a large
sum upon it; and even those who have criticised
it closest have found good points in it, and are
doubtful and almost equally balanced whether she
ought not to be completed and put to service even
at the expense that it wiil cost. If it does turn
out that this most formidable battery can accom-
plish svhnt those who have constructed her expect
of her, she \$ill be of immense use in protecting
our harbors.
Now, with regard to the expense, it will take a
large sum to complete this work; but when we
compare it, with other expenditures, we need not
be much alarmed at this particularly. I suppose
that that review of our army on the Potomac
yesterday cost us about as much as it will cost to
complete this vessel. I suppose every day of un-
necessary delay in the movement of this grout j
army will cost us as much as it will to complete
this naval structure, and try the experiment. Sir,
I would infinitely rather try this experiment than !
the experiment they are trying with this formi-
dable army of ours; for they are trying the new
experiment, whether an army cannot conquer
without moving, and it is quite as expensive as it
would be to build these ships. I am not unaware
or unmindful of the expense. I wish we could
get along and try the experiment without expense;
hut we cannot do it, and when compared with the
enormous expenses of this war, the expenditure
now under consideration is but a mere trifle.
This question has been up at different periods
since I have had a seat on this floor, and 1 believe
I have once or twice voted to complete this bat-
tery, and to try it as an experiment. I was always
anxious to ascertain whether we could not, with-
out the expense of these vast naval armaments,
contrive a way whereby we could defend our cities
on the seaboaid; and tins vessel seemed to prom-
ise that it might be useful for such a puipose. I
think it is. I am willing to try the experiment,
and I shali vote for it.
Mr. TEN" EYCK". I do not moan to extend the
discussion; but the Senator fiom New Hampshire
fM r. Clark] proposed a question to my colleague,
who at the time, unfortunately, was absent from
the Chamber, and an answer was not given. It
is to that question that I desire to return an an-
swer, feeling that there was pertinency and force
in the question propounded by the Senator from
New Hampshire, which struck my mind, and
peihaps struck the minds of other Senators who
heard the question. Ho wants to know how these
guns, this armament upon the deck of the battery,
are to be protected ftom the force of the enemy's
balis. In the idea of the constructor, if I have
received his idea aught, it is his opinion that these
guns being themselves of the weight of sixty thou-
sand pounds, will affoid their own protection, and :
that they cannot be removed from the pedestal or
base upon which theyaie placed according to the
proposed plan. But if this should not be sufficient,
the contractor proposes to inclose them with bands
angular in their shape. The whole character of
the vessel is angular. It is an angle from deck to
keel, and aimost from bow to stern, so that any
missile that strikes it anywhere will be cast aside.
The guns, then, if they are not sufficiently pro-
tected by their weight, and also from their form,
which is somewhat angular and calculated to cast j
off any projectile that may strike them, may be i
further protected by these bands of iron, which !
are to be angular in shape. If still further pro- !
tection is required, the contractor proposes to place I
over them what he calls a hood, an iron shield or j
structure to protect them from the ball of the ad- !
versary. These shields may be brought even in
contact with the gun, or be six inches or a foot \
distant from it, surrounding it, it matters not j
which; and they are to be so placed that as the \
gun is moved upon its pivot they move with the j
gun, and as us muzzle is elevated or depressed, !
they move also. This, in my judgment, if the i
idea of the constructor is correct, is an answet to j
the question proposed by the Senator from Now j
Hampshire on this point. '
I will attempt to answer his other question.
The Senatoi js greatly distressed about what is '
to become of the gunners, the men who are to ;
discharge these pieces. According to his idea, j
they are to stand on the deck and there be ex- j
posed to the shot of the enemy; and he has given I
us a very amusing idea of the effect of these gun-
nel's dodging behind the pieces to avoid ihe balls.
He says it will be as difficult a thing as straight- *
ernng a negro's hair. Sir, if the Senate will allow
us to put this experiment in practice, we will
undertake to make the negro hair fly, or the hair
fly from the heads of their masters.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me one
moment to read a passage from this pamphlet? I
suppose it contains the truth. It is put here by
Mr. Stevens, and, J take it, it means what it says.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no doubt it is true,
for he is a man of honor, and would state nothing
<t>ut what is the truth. j
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
I wiil read from page 63 a part of the report of i
the commission which he has embodied in this j
pamphlet and given us here: j
" ft expected there will be one man on this upper deck
in tune of actum U' each gun, who vw!) ihuct, by appro-
priate !>i£rnaK oi imkentoin< training to tho«t  below , and
aim and the it R it. eonstdeied by Mr. Stevens that guns
of this Size will not be itemed even when shuck by the
enemy's >-hot. This , however h to be the bubject of ex-
pel nnent before the completion of the vo^el, and it an op-
posite result should be at lived at from theve tnaN, thcvaie
to be protected by wrought uon aimor, in a manner about
wineb be hav no doubt; and thnt when a gunner ^ces a shot
cominir he can stand on the f'-iendly side of the gun for his
protection, the carriage undei neatU being made shot proof
by wiougbt iron armor plates."
This is part of the report which the gentlemen
who examined it made, and which he has adopted
into his pamphlet and laid on our table.
Air. THOMSON. Allow me one moment. It
is as I supposed. That is the report of the ma-
jority of the board ; it is not Mr. Stevens's report.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; but what he nowhere
contradicts.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I was perfectly aware of
the fact that that statement appeared on the face
of this report, and that the structure of this ves-
sel, like the structure of every other engine of this
description, and its plans, have somewhat varied
from the time of its commencement until the time
of its completion, no matter whether it has been
in progress for many yeais or for a few months.
I have not a shadow of doubt that vast improve-
ments will be made, on the Monitor or vessels of a
like description. I know that the inventive genius
of Encsson and his engineer, upon sceingdefects,
will supply deficiencies; and this little hornet,
which has been so effective and so destructive to
her adversary, will, under the exercise of their
genius and talent, grow to be a much more de-
structive and effective vessel of war. It lias been
so with regard to the Stevens battery. From time
to time, as this battery has progressed in its con- !
struction, difficulties have arisen, defects have ;
occurred, objections have been raised, and genius j
has been found competent and ready to overcome :
them. It does not appear to me, land-lubber as 1 i
am, to be necessary that a man should stand ex- '
posed on the deck of that ship for the purpose of ;
discharging this gun. About two years since I ■
happened to be on board of the iil-fated Congress
when she was just about leaving the port of Phila- .
dulphia for a South American station; and I there
saw m the hand of Commodore Louis Goldsbor- ,
ougli a little contrivance that looked like a button :
with a stem to it; and to that was affixed a string !
of some ten feet in length, and at the end of the ,
string stood the commodore, and with a little jerk !
discharged the cannon ten feetdistant. I want to
know why these pivot guns on the deck of this
battery cannot be discharged by means of the  
patent piimer. Gentlemen can make a great many
difficulties and can start a great many objections
which I, a landsman, cannot answer; but I hap-
pened to see that little contrivance two years since,
and I know it was effective m discharging the gun.
It was done to gratify myself and some ladies who
had paid a visit to the ship in consequence of an
invitation of the commodore. 1
Mr. GRIMES. How was it aimed ? j
Mr. TEN EYCK. It was aimed by persons 1
inside the \essel through the port hole. As I ,
stated yesterday,in the plan I saw of the Steven
could not be directed and aimed against its adver-
sary as effectually as the guns from the turret of
the Monitor are aimed by a person standing in-
side, and looking through an orifice?
Mr. GRIMES. It could, if there was any-
body behind to sight it; but how are you going
to sight it?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understand that the per-
sons who are inside of these erections upon the
i deck, and who load the gun, or superintend its
| loading, can also stand there to look through the
i orifice to direct it.
Mr, GRIMES. That is exactly what I want
to get at. I have seen that model, too. The tur-
ret, or casemate, or whatever it is, in which these
men are who load the gun is at right angles with
the gun itself, and off, perhaps, ten feet from the
gun, on one side. Now, what I want to know, if
: the Senator can explain it, is, how it is that those
i men, standing ten feet off at right angles with the
I gun, can sight it. That is an important piece of
! information which I should like to have.
| Mr. TEN EYCK. The model I saw has placed
| upon the deck of this battery six guns in a line,
| each of them on a pivot; and this house or erec-
; tion is so placed that when the guns are turned
; with their muzzles toward each other, they ap-
I proach the opposite side of this house or struc-
I ture upon the deck; and I do not see why the
breech of the gun—it being one that can turn upon
, a pivot, and can be brought to any position that
j is desired by the person who intends to aim or
' direct it—cannot be brought in such a position
; with reference to this orifice, that the man who
is to fire it can give it the proper direction for its
i discharge to the detriment of his adversary. That
1 is the way it strikes me. I know nothing about
: the Monitor; but from the little reading which I
, have had on that subject, I understand that the
guns of the Monitor are sighted by some person
standing inside of the turret.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. In the Monitor the
gun itself is in the turret; and the men are in the
turret. In the Stevens battery the men are in the
turret; but the gun is twelve feet off, at right an-
i gles from the turret.
i Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not so understand it.
I understand that it cannot be so from the very
fact that when the gun turns upon its pivot, which
is about the center of the gun, the muzzle comes
up to the very side of this house. If you turn the
muzzle away, I want to know if the breech does
not come to the side of the house; and I want to
know if a man cannot look thiough the orifice in
the turret or house on the dcck of this battery di-
rectly over the breech and muzzle, and direct it
agamstthe adversary. As I said before, it is hardly
worth while for me, not being familiar with these
things, to attempt to explain it; but, if the orifice
is sufficiently large to enable the gun to be loaded
through it, it is sufficiently large to enable a person
to look out of it and to direct it when it is about to
be discharged. That is the way I understand it,
so ; and I only rose for the purpose of answering
these difficulties which might appear to persons
who had not looked into the subject somewhat
formidable, but which, after all, when they come
to be examined appear to be of very little conse-
quence.
The Senator from Iowa yesterday found great
difficulty in loading these guns by machinery. I
undei stand, and so the repoit will show, that
during these investigations, the very largest shot,
double, peihaps treble, the size of any shot the
Monitor can discharge, has been loaded in guns
answeiing to the description of those that are to
be placed on this battery without the slightest diffi-
culty and with the utmost speed and celerity.
My object in rising was simply to answer the
objectionsstated by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and to answer the question propounded by
him to my colleague when my colleague had left
the Chamber at the time, and when, if an answer
were not given, it might be said that there was no
answer to it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, when this sub-
battery that was exhibited here last fall, and that 'i ject was under discussion yesterday the Senator
was the only plan I saw, there were elevations on
the surf ico of the deck, clad themselves with iron, ,
so arranged that these guns could be turned upon
their pivots, and the muzzles brought to the on- |
fice for the puipose of being loaded. I want to '
know why the gun after being loaded and turned i
away from this little iron house upon the deck i
from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] by way of
illustration of hisargument, referred to some trans-
actions that occurred many months ago at New
York in the purchase of vessels; and the reference,
of coutse, was made to Commodore Breese, for he
has been alluded to on several occasions. ^ 1 desire
to say that in all the controversies growing out of
