1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
that subject 1 have no particular interest, and I
apprehend that they have ceased to be of much in-
terest to the public, for as long ago as the 16th day
of February last Commodore Breese addressed me
& letter, with a request that if the subject should be
alluded to in the Senate I should let it be spread
upon the records of this body, and I have not had
an opportunity till now. I think that in justice to
him I should avail myself of this opportunity to
present his letter and ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Washington, February 16, 1862.
Sir: I had hoped that the assertion of the purchasing
agent in New York of vessels for Government use, and in-
dorsed by the honorable Secretary of the Navy in lusicply
to the Senate, in effect that I had £k contracted" foi the pur-
chase of certain steam vessels, namely, Monticello, Mount
Vernon, Huntsville, Montgomery, K. It. Cuyler, Daylight,
Dawu, Freeborn, Resolute, Reliance, Penguin, and Alba-
tross, had been sufficiently shown by the reports of com-
mittees to be mere assumption, and the agent's claim to have
saved the Government by his interposition theiein hom a
loss of $90,000 equally so. I see, however, that Senator
Dixon, in a recent speech on the suhject,reitoiate.s the asser-
tion, and feci that in consequence I owe it to myself and to
truth to stale the facts very biiefly. They aie simply these: m
compliance with an order from the Navy Department, dated
21st April, 1861, (copy of which is appended hereto,) 1 made
purchase of the live last named, hut merely chattered the
seven others for three months, making no contract for their
purchase at all, as the speech of Senator Dixon assumes I
did; the charier parties for the IIunBvilIe, Montjjomciy,
and R. R. Cuyler, as well as, I believe, those for the Monti-
cello and Mount Vernon, having insejted in them the prices
at which their owners obligated themselves to limit their
demand, in the event of the Government thereafter contract-
ing to purchase; but theie was nothing in those lnsuuments
obligating the Government to buy them then or thereafter
at any price. The honorable Senator says" Mr. Moigan pur-
chased everyone ot these identical vessels"' (in his printed
speech .specified ami enumerated as above) " at a puce, in
the aggregate, $93,000 less than that aiiteed on with thes-'e
same parties by Commodore Bieese;" anasseition made
doubtless under a wiong impression as to the natuie ot the
charter pai ties. I repeat, I wrote no agreement with parties
to purchase any other- than the live aheady mentioned as
having been bought by myself; indeed, I had not the au-
thority to do s-o.
Besides a copy of my order from the Department to pur-
chase ten steamers, I append extracts of others which may
tend to make the matter more clear, and certainly a little
fairer toward myself; and I beg leave to request, if theie
be no impropriety in my doing so, that you may lie kind
enough, should the matter be again before the Senate, to dis-
abuse it of any erroneous opinion that may have been in-
duced by the speech leferrod to.
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
SAMUKIj L. BREESE.
Hon. J. W, Grimes, 'United States Senate,
Navy Department, April?-1, 18GI,
Sir: By order of the President of the (Tinted States you
will forthwith piooure ten Pteamen", capable of mountinga
nine-meh pivot gun, with light draught, about ten or twelve
feet, having particular refei once to .strength and space. You
Will consult with Commodore Foote, the naval constructor,
and such other oflioei.? and poisons as are capable of giving
information and advice. Charter on the bestterm.s possible
for Ihiee months, with the option of the Government pur-
chasing them within that time at a stipulated pnee. These
vessels to be immediately removed to the navy or private
yard, with the necesssaiy alterations and equipments to
render them efficient tor the seivice requited.
GIDEON WELLES.
Commodore S. L. Brresb,
Commandant Navy-Yard, Brooklyn,
Nrvv Youk, April 23, ISfil.
Sir: In reference to the oider oi the Sccremrv of the
Navy, dated April 21, 18G1, in lelation to the ptocuring of
steamer*, the Secretary wishes you to u.^e youi discietion,
coining as near as may he to the tenor of the oidei. lie
wishes the steameis to leave for the wateis of the Chesa-
peake as soon us they oi any of them shall beieady, unless
other ordeis shall be previously received. Mi. \V. 11. As-
pmvvali has offered his services to the Secietaiy of the
Navy, who wishes you to call on lnm if jou need assignee
in the mattei of the steamer, well a  to acknowledge his
comtesy. II. BRIDGE.
Chief oj Bureau of ProvUionand Clothing.
Commodore Brlesi:.
Navy Dki> vrtmi-nt, April 29, 1861.
Sir, Your several communications ot the 24th and 2.3th
are received, stating that you have eharMed the Monti-
cello, Mount Yeinoii, and IIuiitM'ille, with the piivilege uf
purchasing. The Depairment apptovo your aei-ion, and
also that of dispatching the Monticello to ('hcc-apeake ha}'.
GiDEoN \VKLLGa>.
Captain S. L. Brecsb.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not a word to say in
addition to what I have said in connection with
that subject. I have only ofTeied this letter as a
duty which I conceived that I owed to a very wor-
thy and gallant officer of the Navy, and allowed
him to speak for himself.
Mr. Piesident, I have only a few words to sub-
mit ill regard to the proposition now before the
Senate. Yesterday, when speaking of the com-
mission that was appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy to investigate the Stevens battery, I
stated that it was impossible for me to divine for
what reason, or how, or in what manner, Professor
Henry should have been made one of the com-
mission. Some gentleman sitting in the neigh-
borhood of me remarked that he was from New-
Jersey; the Senator from New Jersey said he was
from New York; and I added that he certainly
had been a professor of Nassau Hall. I did not
intend to say he was a citizen of any State, or
to convey the impression that he would be im-
properly influenced in the judgment he might
reach by the fact that he was a citizen of any
State. What struck me as very peculiar was that
Mr. Henry should be selected to compose one o#
the members of this commission to investigate a
subject which is not of his specialty, unless it be
supposed, as some gentlemen do seem to suppose,
that he is possessed of all knowledge, both hu-
man and divine. I supposed that when the com-
mission was appointed, none would be selected
but gentlemen who were learned in that particu-
lar profession—these commodores, these captains,
who have been alluded to here by the two Sena-
tors from Now Jersey, men who have spent their
lives upon the quarter deck, men who are notonly
nautical men but who understand steam engineer-
ing. There is not a man on that board who has
not commanded steam vessels; and if gentlemen
will inquire into the education of naval officers,
they will find that there is not one of them who is
a genuine naval officer who is not familiar with the
most minute details of steam engineering; not only
that,butfor the last ten years these gentlemen have
paid particular attention to the subject of iron-clad
vessels. The aspersions that have been cast on
these naval officers are unjust, when it is said that
they were opposed to the introduction of steam
vessels into the Navy, and that if we had waited
for them to favor it, steam would never have been
introduced into our naval service.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator did not under-
stand me to say that.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; but your colleague
And it is equally unjust to say that naval officers
were opposed to the introduction of iron-clad ves-
sels into the Navy. I know something about
that. I happened to be one of the first members
of this body who suggested the subject, and 1
tried to bring the attention of the country to the
necessity of having iron-clad vessels, and I know
that I consulted with gentlemen of eminence jn
that profession, and I did not meet with one with
whom I did consult who was not enthusiastic in
favor of the pioposition; and it is due to that ser-
vice and to the men in that service to say that a
board composed of Commodore Smith, who is at
the head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, of
Captain Davis, familiarly known in the country
as having been so long connected with the Nau-
tical Almanac and the Coast Survey, and Commo-
dore Paulding, were the men to whom the plans for
Ericsson's steam battery and for the other iron-
clad vessels that the Government is now building
were submitted, and that those plans met their
full approbation. It has been said here by some
one—I do not remember by whom—that if naval
officers had had their way these iron-clad vessels
would never have been constructed. The appro-
priation bill of §1,500,000 that we passed at the
extra session was drawn by a naval officer, was
sent to us with the solicitation of a naval officer
that we should pass it; and as soon as we passed
it the whole question was referred to some officers
of the line, and they determined as to the charac-
ter of the vessels we should construct, and they
are now imploiing us to abandon wooden ves-
sels and adopt iton-clad vessels. I say this in
justice to the officers of the Navy. They have
been foremost in attempting to introduce the very
kind of improvements which Senators have said
they are anxious that we should not introduce,
so idr as my observation and experience go, and
1 think they go as far as anybody's here.
Mr. President, I stated yesterday that the Sen-
ate was legislating upon this subject underakind
of duress, and that I had no doubt that this ap-
propriation, in some shape or other, would be got
through Congress. I have seen no longer ago than
J this morning articles in the newspapers, in which
it is tauntingly stud that Congress is waiting for
another demonstration of the Mernmac before it
will do its duty in regard to iron-clud vessels.
They do not seem to comprehend the subject;
they do not know how much money it is neces-
sary for us to expend before this vessel can bo
completed; they do not know how long a time
will be required to complete it. Can anybody tell
us how long a time will be required? Does the
Secretary of the Navy tell us? Do commissioners
who have examined it tell us? No one of them.
Nobody tells us. I believe that the Senator from
New Hampshire said that it might be completed
in from sixty days to four months.
Mr. HALE. That is in the report.
Mr. GRIMES. It is in the report that Mr. Ste-
vens says so. Mr. Stevens says it may be com-
pleted in from sixty days to four months; but it
must be borne in mind that M-r. Stevens is an in-
terested witness in this matter. There is §1,500,000
in this measure. For the money which the Gov-
ernment has already advanced we hold a mortgage
upon the Hobokcn property, or a portion of the
Hobolten property of Mr. Stevens, and if the ves-
sel is not completed accoiding to contiact we have
the power to foreclose it; and according to Mr.
Stevens's own showing, it will require $780,000
more to complete it, so that there is a million and
a quarter or a million and a third of money in the
project. lie is therefore a tolerably interested
witness. If we were examining this question in
a court of law we, as lawyers, would all say that
he would be exceedingly interested in his repre-
sentations to us to induce us to make this appro-
priation.
Those gentlemen who are so anxious to have
us make this appropriation to protect our har-
bors and to defend the vessels that we have and
our fortifications against the attacks of the Merii-
mac, do not reflect that in the opinion of those
who have had an opportunity to investigate the
subject we can in a shorter time complete some of
the other vessels which we have contracted to
build, and which nautical men believe will be
more efficient for coast defense than this will, and
thus do away with any argument from that fact
which might be deiived in favor of this appro-
priation.
Now, Mr. President, who recommends this ap-
propriation? Does the President of the United
States ? Does the Secretary of the Nav y? Dofhe
members of the commission that were authoiized
to examine this subject ? No. Who does? No-
body but the man who I have shown has an in-
terest to tho amount of §1,250,000 in it, and those
men who are acting under the inspiration which
they have received from him; and there is where
we get all our advice. Nobody outside of the
Senate has asked that this appropriation should
be made, except those who are directly interested
in it, or who are supposed to have been influenced
by those who are interested in it; at any rate no-
body in whom we are justified in placing confi-
dence has recommended it.
And then, Mr. President, what is it to be when
completed? Nobody can tell us. Either the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, who just took his seat,
[Mr. Ten Eyck,] does not understand the model,
or 1 do not. According to the model as Mr. Ste-
vens exhibited it here in July, and as it was rep-
resented and as shown to the board of commis-
sioners that were appointed under the act of
Congress, one man only was exposed upon the
deck, and he was placed there for the purpose of
sighting the gun, and there was connected with
each one of the guns a Imie turret, in the side of
which was a small aperture, through which just
exactly the muzzle of a gun might be presented,
and through which it was loaded. The man ex-
posed at each gun put on the cap and sighted the
gun. The turret in which the loading was done
was ten or fifteen feet from the gun and at right
angles with its breech. The Senator from New
Jersey says that if the muzzle could be turned
around to the turret, surely the breech might be
turned around to it when it was swung around.
That is true; but if it was swung around in that
way and discharged itwould be discharged against
the other four turrets, which weiealmost in a line
with it, and it thus would have proved its own
destruction.
Mr. President, the Congress of the United States
have had some experience in this kind of txperi-
ments. No one experiment of this kind that has
ever been adopted in connection with the Navy
has been successful. They have all been failures.
Some years ago, it was said that the men of the
profession, the naval constructors, had not genius
enough; that we ought to go outside of the naval
