2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
the House of Representatives of May 4,1848, at the same
compensation heretofore allowed the draughtsman upon the
said mans.
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be directed to
a«*i«n a suitable room in the Capitol for the use of the said
clerk, to bo called tlie "land map room," in which all the
maps constructed under the said resolution shall be ananged
oud pieserved lor the use ot'tlie Hou?e of Representatives."
Mr F. A. CONKLING Are these resolutions
in order?
The SPEAKER. They are, as they come as a
report fiom the committee.
Mi. POTTER. I desire to say that this res-
olution is the result of the consultation of the com-
mittee, and is reported unanimously. I wish to add
that heretofore there has been an annual appro-
priation of §10,000 made for the continuation of
these land maps. That appropriation has not been
asked for this year, and it is now proposed by the
committee—a committee which has always had a
clerk—that the person who has had charge of these
maps in this department, who is well known to
the old members of this liouse, shall act as clerk
of that committee, and that he shall continue in
charge of these maps, and that there shall be no
other expense than the mere salary of the clerk.
He is to keep up the maps under this resolution,
without any other expense to the Government.
These maps have been compiled at an expense of
more than one hundred thousand dollars,and they
are very valuable to the Government, and particu-
larly to the Committee on Public Lands; and all
we now propose by this resolution is to place these
maps in charge of Mr. Parker, and that he shall,
by having charge of the maps, act as clerk of the
committee.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin what the pay of the clerk, under
this resolution, will bo ?
Mr. POTTER. I suppose the clerk' will have
the usual pay received by clerks of committees.
Mr. ED\V"ARDS. Is it a per diem pay?
Mr. POTTKli. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 supposed so. Then I wish
to u.sk the gentleman it* he n willing to mseit m
the lesoitidon a piowso, that the pay shall com-
mence from this Utne >
Mr. POTTER, No, sir; and for the irason
that Mr. Pat ker lias been acting elei lcof the com-
mittee duiini; the session. I have been trying to
get this resolution befoie the House for wnks,
and this is the first opportunity 1 have had; but
1 do not purpose to pay the elei k of my own com-
mittee, unless authorized to do so.
Mr. EDWARDS. This raises the question as
to the propi icty of a practice which, I understand,
has obtained in this Iiouse, of paying a clerk of
a committee, whenever the House authorises the
employment of a clerk, from the commencement
of the session, without any reference to the time be
commenced such services, and that, too, whether
lie has actually been employed oi not. Now, I
suppose that practice ouirht to be terminated; but
I will say that if that clerk has been actually em-
ployed, and il lie was not authorized at an earlier
turn- to be employed because of a want of oppor-
tunity to make application to the House, then I
would allow his pay to be extended back. If the
gentleman from Wisconsin puts the resolution
upon that giound 1 shall not oppose it.
Mr. POiT'El?. hi answer to the gentleman
from New llarnpshne, I will say tiiat Mr. Parker
has been sei vii^ the Government all the time, and
he has received no pay since June last—a year ago.
Pie has been acting as eiei k of the committee from
the commencement of the session, and this ieso-
lution proposes that he, having' charge of these
maps now under the law, shall bepiimajacic clerk
of the Committer on Public Lands.
Mr. WA-SIIIjEj RNE. l.u-Jc thegejitleman from
Wisconsin to yield to me a moment. 1 think this
a matter of considerable importance to the public
interest; and although 1 am opposed to making
any new offices, to the raising of salaries, and
everything of that kind in times like these, yet 1
believe it is our duty to save what we have got.
Undci the resolution of the 4th of May* 1843, it
was oi dcied:
"I hattliciebe prepared, by the j)rocuiein nt of the Oleik,
fbi the  *o «>t tlih House, and of liu; Committee theicof on
Public Lands, a map of the public land* m each Slate. show-
ingi In* st.ue ol the survey, and aUo what has been sold;
and that the same be prcpaied undei the sSuneivUiou of the
Coinim^ioner ol the Uunural Lund Office; and that the
said map-, be revved ami extended after each se^ion of Con-
gre^. 
After the passage of this resolution this work
was undertaken, and it has been followed up, and
instead of costing the Government ^100,000, it has
cost $151,000. It is one of the greatest works in
this line that the Government has ever undertaken.
The work which has been done is a perfect mar-
vel, and shows all the public lands which have
been purchased from the Government. Now, the
work is stopped, and Congress has stopped the
usual appropriation for these land map clerks, and
the question now is simply what shall be done
with these maps. They are in the Land Office,
and arc filed up there where they are of no earthly
use to anybody, i believe that it is oui duty to
place them somewhere where they can be of some
use; and I see that one of these resolutions pro-
poses that the Speaker shall order a room in the
Capitol to be set apart where these maps can be
brought, where they can be exhibited, and where
members of the House can at any time, by a mere
glance at the maps, see how much land has been
sold.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will thegentleman
inform the House whether he thinks that this
Capitol is a more convenient place of deposit for
these maps than the Land Office, and especially
during the recess of Congress?
Mr. W ASHBEJRNE. The maps were prepared
for the use of the Committee on Public Lands, and
the committee have at various times had to have
these maps brought up here. This work hascost
the Government $151,900, and it is proposed to
make it of use by appointing a clerk whose duty
it shall be during the vacation to note upon these
maps with his pencil the entries made. I do not
think that any Government on the face of the earth
has ever got up such a work as this, and it will
i>e the wonder of future times.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 wish to ask,the
gentleman fiom Wisconsin what the compensa-
tion heretofore allowed to the draughtsmen of the
committee has been ;
Mr. WASIUH/RNE. The gentleman from
Wisconsin will pardon me for a moment. 1 see
by leading the resolution that he is mistaken in
ie aid to it. It provides that this clerk shall re-
ceive the same ( omrensatioii as the map cleiks,
which j^ not a per diem compensation, but $J .fe'OO
a year. That is the amount to which he will be
entitled, and ft is the same as the clerks received
under the oiiginal resolution. F donotthink the
pay is too much, because it is a veiy responsible
situation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I shall vote against
these resolutions, and I shall do so for the leason
that I believe the expeiiditure involved to be wholly
unnecessary. The proposition before the House
is to make the cleik of the Committee on Public
Lands the custodian of these maps, and to com-
pensate him at the rate heretofore paid to draughts-
men, winch, it appears, is #1,800 a year, it is
further proposed by the second of these resolu-
tions ti) fix up a loom in this Capitol for the re-
ception of these maps, and to furnish, I suppose,
a pleasant retreat for the person having them in
charge.
Mr. POTTER. The Committee on Public
Lands ?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The room can hardly
be for the accommodation of tht; Committee on
Public. Lands, because I believe they arc very
well and comfoi tably provided for now. The res-
olution proposes that the Speaker of this House
be directed to assign a suitable room in the Capi-
tol for the purpose referred to, and to be called the
land map room, m which all the maps constructed
under the resolution of 1848 shall be arranged and
preserved for the use of the House of Represent-
atives. Now, I do not believe we have any earthly
use for such a buieau in this Capitol, I believe
that the proper place for these maps is the Gen-
eral Land Office, and, furthermoie, that the prop-
osition to keep this officer here throughout the year,
receiving the compensation of $1,800, is wholly
indefensible. I do not wish to consume the time
ot the House, but 1 venture to express the hope
that the resolutions will be voted down.
Mr. POTTER. 1 am surprised that the gen-
tleman from New York, of all others, should op-
pose the adoption of these resolutions. I had
supposed that he was certainly in favor of econ-
omy. The Committee on Public Lands propose
by this measure to reduce the expense of the^e
maps some eight thousand dollars a yearormore,
for the appropriation for this purpose heretofore
has been $10,000. We propose to reduce that
amount more than eight thousand dollars, and to
provide moreover that the person having charge
of these maps shall be ex officio clerk of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, thereby saving the ex-
pense of a clerk to that committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Piivate Secretary,
LAND MAPS, ETC. AGAIN.
Mr. POTTER. Now, Mr. Speaker, if the ob-
jection which the gentleman from New York
makes shall prevail, the whole expense which the
Government has incurred in the preparation of
these maps will be lost, because every one knows
that the maps will be entirely destroyed unless
they are put in the charge of some person. We
propose to put them in chaige of the clerk of the
Committee on Public Lands. These maps are
necessary for the committee. We are frequently
obliged to refer to them and examine them. It
is as a matter of economy and necessity that I
urge the passage of these resolutions. 1 move
the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will thegentleman from
Wisconsin allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. POTTER. 1 will hear the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask thegen-
tleman if we have not to employ a clerk now to
take charge of these maps, and if it will cost any
more to have this clerk under the direction of the
Committee on Public Lands than to have him
under the direction of the Clerk of the House?
Air. POTTER. No, sir; no more at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will it not cost less?
Mr. POTTER, it will cost less.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oi del ed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to lay the
lesoiuiioiis upon the table, and on that motion 1
demand the yeas and nays.
Air. WASlIhURNE. 1 suggest to the gentle-
man thai u e take the yeas and nays on the passage
of the resolution.
Air. F. A. CONKLING. It is the same thing.
We may as well take the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 77; as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Ancona, Baily. Riddle, Jacob C. Blair,
Wake, William G. liiown, Calvert, Clements, Fredeiiek
A. Conklm", Ko«-eoe Conklin^, Coming, Crittenden, Dun
lap, Fiank, flaight. Hall, Ilaidmg, Harrison, Hickman,
Ilolman, Ilorton, Johnson, FiancN W. K>llo«g, Killing,
Ivnapp, Law, Lazear, Malioiy. May, Mavnard, Noble,
Noell, Noiton, Nugeu. Oilell, Patton, Pendleton, Porter,
Robinson, Smith, John 1>. Steele, Tiowbtutee, and Wick-
lifFc—I;J. '
NAYS-Mp«i-). Aldiich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Baxter,
Th'ttiiun, Rntfmton, Campbell, Chambeilm, Cobb. Colfax,
Covode. Cov, Cris-tiehi, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
waid-4, Ehot, Ely, English, Fe^endeti, Gooeh, Grider,
lloopei, llutchm-, Julian, William Kello«g, Landing,
Learv. Lehman, Lovejoy, McKnisht, McPher^on, Mcn-
zie.-, Moorhead, An-xm i\ Mom!I, Ju>tm S. Morrill, Nixon,
Periy, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander H.
Rice, John II. Rice, Ivicli.iuKori, Riddle, Edwaid H Rol-
ling .lanifs s. Roilm*:, Saigent, Sedgwick, Segai, Shanks,
^b< fiieid, Sloan, William G. Steele, Stevens, Strutton,
I'enjdinin F. Thomas, Train, Tumble, Vallandigham, Van
Horn, Van Vaikenlnunb, Veriee, Yooihees. Wall, Wa*h-
butne. Webster. Albeit S White, Chilton A. White, Wil-
son, Windom, Wuod, Woodiulf, and \Voice ter—77.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions upon
the table.
During the roll-call,
Air. AiOORHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wallace, was detained fiom the House by
sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above iccorded, the question was taken upon
the resolutions; and they were adopted.
Air. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MENAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask that the message
to-day leceived from the President of the United
States may be read.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the message will be taken up and read.
