1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
constructors in order to have some of our vessels
built, and Congress appropriated money, and
Geot^c Steers was authorized to draw the plan of
a large ship, the Niagara. She cost us upwards
of a million of dollars, nearly three times as much
as the Merrimac, the Wabash, or the Minnesota,
which carry forty nine-inch guns, and with that
expense she only carries eleven guns, and for all
purposes of war is a perfect failure.
Then, in Mr. Buchanan's time, Mr. Buchanan
desired to allow a gentleman by the name of Grif-
fith, I believe, to construct a vessel called the Paw-
nee. She was to have a certain amount of speed
with a peculiar sort of engine, and she turned out
to be a failuie. The gallant Captain Rowan, who
lias distinguished himself so much in the waters
of North Carolina, and who was on her upon the
trial trip, told me that when the contractors were
on board and tried to bring her up to the neighbor-
hood of the speed which they had contracted to
give her, it was impossible for a man to stand on
deck without holding on.
Your next experiment was on the Pensacola.
The result is that you have got a vessel with an
engine that has cost you a fabulous sum, more
than the engines of any two vessels of the same
class in the Navy. She is perfectly disabled; the
vessel is entirely useless; you cannot get her home
by steam power from where she now is. You
have virtually thrown away in that vessel between
four and five hundred thousand dollars. And
now, without the recommendation of any naval
officer, and against the recommendation of every
naval officer who has been brought in contact
with this vessel or that has ever examined it, you
propose to try another experiment, and vote three
quatteis of a million uf dollars out of the public
Treasury.
Mr. AIcDOUGALL. Mr. President, I did not
propose to embark in this discussion; but some
rennuks have been made and some suggestions
have been thrown out which induce me to say a
very few words. In the first place I should like
to ask the Senator from Iowa, who speaks ex
cathedra with regard to all matters belonging to the
Navy, what he means by saying that Senators are
under duress in their suppoit of this proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought I explained that yes-
terday. I said that there was a tremendous pres-
sure made through all the commercial newspaper
circles in favor of iron-clad vessels, that we have
been requested by the common councils of cities,
by the boards of trade, by 
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 think I understand the
Senator, lie moans to say that public opinion
demands this kind ot improvements.
Mr. GRIMES. Not exactly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish the Senator to un-
derstand this foi me: I approved of this measure
last summer in my placc and approve of it now;
but instead of being sought after and being applied
to on the subject, 1 Imve sought information and
been laboriously engaged in considering the sub-
ject. So far as I am concerned, the duress that
has been employed has not been on me but by me.
I do not know, I have not heard that any gentle-
man of the Senate or of the House of Represent-
atives has been approached on this subject except
as the opinion of the country may have appicached
him and may have controlled his course.
When this question came up during the extra
session m July last, I took occasion to examine
the model presented by Mr. Stevens. I do not
profess, like the gentleman from Iowa, to be a
master of naval architecture, nor like him to be a
master of artificial forces; nor to understand, as
he does, how artificial force can be applied to ma-
chinery; nor do I understand like him all the laws
of projectiles or all the laws of resistance. He is
master of these things, and insti ucts us about them.
I thought the gentleman had pursued other avo-
cations, for cach one of these specialties is suffi-
cient for any man of science, 1 must be permit-
ted to say (though the gentleman is not at present
in his place) that this is dogmatism. I do not
know that the gentleman from Iowa knows more
about naval architecture than the Senator from
California; nor do i understand that he knows any-
thing more about the law of forces than the profes-
sor at the Smithsonian Institution, nor that he is
a master of the laws and lelations of machinery,
nor that he understands the resistance and power
of propulsion that may be attained by forces.
About all these things I admit I am ignorant, and I
think it would be well for us if we would all admit a
certain amount of ignorance, and understand that
there are a great many things we have yet to learn.
We have learned something from the experiment
of the Monitor.
In a large field of science, at an early day, Robert
L. Stevens advanced a proposition, realizing, or
undei taking to realize, an idea that lies as a myth
in Swedenborg—for 1 dare quote him even in this
Hall—of the age of iron and the uses of iron in all
its appliances—that iron for purposes of offense
and defense, for the purposes of navigation on sea
and for purposes of communication on land, was
to be the great agent, and he tried to realize it in
a proposition which lie made to the Government.
Into that proposition at that day was brought all
the intelligence there was m that department of
science, for in it he had no master. He suggested
to this Government, in order that his own Gov-
ernment might be in advance of other nations, this
plan of armed vessels for offense and defense. I
take it, it was not for any hope of gain to himself,
because at that time he was above seeking for the
chances of profit, but for the honor and dignity
and strength of his country. He suggested the
idea; he submitted it to the Government; it re-
ceived their consideration. His project, small in
its beginning, for he did not then dare to afKrm
anything, grew with consideration.
The Senator from Maine objects to changes of
contractand to delay as to time. There was then
no war upon us; nothing demanded the immediate
production of this vessel of war; and therefore it
was delayed through a course of years, accepting
and adopting alt the improvements in science. For
instance, when it was found that projectiles weie
invented and that guns were in use which would
overcome the amount of resistance calculated upon
in 1842, it was necessary to make new calcula-
tions. When it was proposed to make a vessel
that would go outside of the haibor of New York
and have great speed, it was increased from six
or eight hundred horse-power to eight thousand
horse-power, not by the projector alone, but by
and with the advice and consent of the Govern-
ment. Confidence grew with the production, and
that confidence continued along through a seiies
of years. The idea of this vessel, I have said,
embraced all the science of the time of its projec-
tion; and into it has since been brought all the
science that has accumulated to demonstration, if
you please, by practical experiments. It is my
judgment, though I may be in error, that this
same work now under discussion will bo found to
embrace everything in this line that France and
England and the United States have produced,
Ericsson included. Ericsson's boat has only one
novel featuie, I believe, and that is the revolving
tower. Tins has the advantage of being a revolv-
ing ship.
I will not, like the Senator from Iowa, under-
take to speak of these things as a man of science.
I know that this battery has been designed and
constructed thus far by men who have done more
towards putting our steam fleets afloat upon the
high seas than any equal number of men in our
counti y—men who have done more for this coun-
try in that respect than any man has done for
England m for any foreign nation. I know they
have employed their genius on this vessel; that
they are men of great science and great thought;
that their changes have come up to the standard
of the age. I think that this is worthy of our
consideration. I have strong faith; I have not an
exact opinion, because I am not, like the Senator
from Iowa, an exact judge of such matters; but!
have strong faith that this battery, alloat, will be
one of the great demonstrations of the age, and
that Stevens, when it shall be realized in all its
force, may write his name Archimedes.
Sir, we arc too much in the habit of trifims; about
these matters; wo are too much in the habit of
accepting* authority. The authority quoted to us
j by the Senator fiom Iowa is a report of a com-
| mission. On that let me submit an observation,
j with no disrespect to the Navy, no disrespect to
I the Army, but an observation which is founded,
I 1 think, in truth. Suppose I have an improvement
| m naval architecture. 1 go to prominent officers
j of the service: 1 submit it to them; it is approved;
1 they say it js an admnable invention, an excellent
! thing, a great aid to the service. I round and
j consult with them, and they all respond m the
| same way. I then go to the Navy Department,
and I get a reference of the question to a commis-
sion of naval officers. Then those gentlemen who
before so positively affirmed that the whole mat-
ter was right, will say, " this particular thing is
right and that is right, but this is doubtful, and as
to that we cannot say;" and therefore they say
" no," upon the principle of conduct thatgoverned
a gentleman known to most Senators here, who
once represented Tennessee in the other House of
Congress, who always voted " no," because he
thought it was safe. Armyand Navy boards al-
ways refuse an assent to an improvement unless
they have actual practical demonstration of the
thing. Therein I say Professor Henry was an
exception. The gentleman from Iowa inquires
why Professor Henry was placed upon this board.
He might have asked why was not he himself
placed there, because he seems to know all about
these matters. What did that examination in-
volve? It involved an exact knowledge of the
laws of resistance and force. Will any man tell
mo that there is an officer in the Navy, unless he
is an exception to the general rule, who under-
stands the laws of resistance and force as well as
a man who has pursued that department of science
all his life, as that professor has done? He is
a man skilled in natural science and in mathe-
matics, with him the laws of force have been a
specialty. The Senator from Iowa questions his
right to pronounce upon the very point in issue.
I am not here to defend Professor Henry. I will
say, however, that he is not particularly "agen tie-
man from New Jersey," for he taught me a part of
the humanities somewhere in the State of New
York when I was a boy, and perhaps he might be
called a New York man; but in my estimation, all
such great men belong to the world; not only to our
own country but to civilization. I regard him as
a man who has reflected great honor on our coun-
try, moie than has been reflected by men holding
and occupying and maintaining the most dignified
positions even upon this floor.
Now, sir, I object to the authority of reports
that affirm nothing. This is a negative report
against the Stevens battery. I may state here to
the Senate that after I had examined this model
last summer I examined the plan of every iron-
clad vessel that was proposed. I went to Brook-
lyn and examined the iron-clad vessel there; I
went to the Monitor and examined that; I went
West and examined the gunboats which were be-
ing there constructed. I have shown earnestdis-
position to inquire into this question. I have not
the skill to be master of the subject; but I do be-
lieve that if there is any experiment that this Gov-
ernment should try, this is the very one. I do not
care what may have been the past history of this
contract, whether it is stated justly and fairly by
the Senator from Maine. That is not material.
It has employed the best intellects of the country
in this departmentof science. This is a time when
such things arc to be produced. In my opinion
this will come nearer than anything else to uniting
all the improvements of a like kind of which we
have any knowledge. I believe it will embrace
everything that is valuable in the English, French,
and American demonstrations. Each Govern-
ment has had its engineers; Ericsson has been
carrying out his own views. I tlunk that nearly
everything, and substantially everything of value,
in those experiments will be embraced in this. I
may be wrong; it may be an entire failure; but it
is certainly permissible for us, ignorant as we are,
uninformed as we must admit ourselves to be, to
recognize eminent science employed on a specialty,
and employed on it for twenty years under a con-
tract with the Government, and then changing
that contract in the course of years to adapt it to
new improvements, at the suggestion perhaps of
the projector, but with the acquiescence ot the
Government, for the purpose of making it a per-
fect thino-. My impression is, my belief is, that
when this vessel shall be launched and afloat upon
the sea it will be the most formidable aimament
in the woi3d,and with that conviction I shall vote
for the proposition.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am in favor
of making the necess.uy appiopnatiuu to com-
plete this battery. It may prove a failure; it may
be a success; but whether itshali be the one or the
other, in my judgment it ought to be completed.
We have just finished the Monitor. It has proved
a greater success than most people would have
anticipated. It was only the must hopeful and
