402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January CO,
stand upon it, the nation is" destined one day to
end its existence in the North; for it is " laid out"
in its robe of dissolution and decay by the South.
This platform is that construction of the Consti-
tution by which slavery is so ingeniously bolted
and riveted into it that you can m nowise use it
to crush the rebellion, but, on the contrary, must
so make use of it as to foster and uphold it; and in
" the event of its being crushed, that construction
by which the. constitutions and, laws, customs,
habits, and institutions of the now disloyal States
are to remain the same as they were previous to
the insurrection.* The loyal States are asked to
mount this platform. The rope is above. The
trap-door is ready for them on which to take their
stand. Shall they mount it? Is there no scheme
about it which will bo fatal to the North and to
the Union in the end?
I do not know what answer the President of the
United States in 1862 would make to this question
if it were put to him. But I do know, and his
countrymen must know, that Abraham Lincoln,
of Illinois, would, in 1858, have said, in answer
to the question, " any platform, however and by
whomsoever constructed, for thepetyctuily of this
Government half slave and half free must inevi-
tably break down by force of that principle which
works, it may be slowly, but surely, to its end,
for its vitality is in the decrees of the Almighty.
4 A house divided against itself cannot stand.' 1
refer you to my speeches m reply to Senator
Douglas, in which, if there is any one proposi-
tion which I had supposed [ had demonstrated, it
was that this Government cannot endure perma-
nently half slave and half free."
Mr. Chairman, possibly we may ultimately be
successful in this war without taking such meas-
ures as shall result in the abolition of slavery.
Possibly we may be strong enough to do tins,
and leave slavery iji the slave States in statu quo
ante helium. I do not believe, however, that we
are sufficiently powerful to accomplish this object,
if it be our object, because f cannot disbelieve that
God has good still in store for us. Hut possibly,
I say, we may have this power, as many have
the will. But in this event, we return fiom vic-
tory, as did the Thracian horse, still bearing a
master on his back.
When a Roman emperor put his colleague and
brother to death, he lequestud Papinian to write
him out such a defense of the deed as it might be
proper for him to read before the senate. The
old jurist answered, in the noblest spirit of justice,
that it was a great deal easier to commit a'murder
than to justify it. And though the answer cost
hnn his life ultimately,'posterity has never ceased
to admire the boldness and truth of that reply.
We may be able to quell this rebellion, and leave
slavery as n wan before the war. A Papinian
would tell us that this wete easier clone than to
justify the deed in the thee of a peoplr deeply con-
scious that slavery is the primam mobile of this
rebellion: that H feeds its flame continually; and
that to bring it back with the States is to restore
with them that condition of things under the in-
lluence of which this Government cannot endure,
it may exist m name, but the name will become
a deception. It will be like the Roman republic,
which existed m name under the Caesars, butthe
reality of whieh had completely disappeared.
Sir, I am to be lound with those who plant
themselves s'Cpuuely on the ground that the con-
stitutional, legal, and providential aim of this war
is to preserve and vindicate the Government of
the United States, This is the aim of the war.
We are agreed—do I hear fiom gentlemen on
the other side of the House' And so we are, as
to the aim of the war. [Jut it is as to the means
winch are to be employed in carrying it forward
that we diflcr. On the one side, it is proposed to
confiscate the property of rebels, slaves included;
the slaves of loyal men, to free them and compen-
sate their owners, us included in the means by
which this rebellion can be the most speedily and
effectually quelled and the aim of the war accom-
plished. On the other, it is contended that these
means ought not to be employed; that they are
not adapted to meet the end proposed: that, if they
were, the Republican party is pledged not to em-
ploy them, and tho Government is pledged not to
use them; but more than all, that to make use
of these means would be unconstitutional. Not
adapted to meet the end proposed? Then the con-
verse of the proposition is true. To let the rebels
retain their slaves, and to let loyal men retain
theirs—in whatever way these slaves may he used
by rebels, it matters not—is a part of the means
adapted to crush the rebellion and give success to
our arms. But this obviously is not true, because
if they are employed to till the soil, build intrench-
merits, or to bear arms, they are employed in the
same manner against us that the disloyal white
men at the South are employed; and there would
be just as much propriety in asserting that a part
of the means adapted to crush the rebellion and
give success to our Government should be not to
take and disarm these white men, as not to take
and disarm these slaves.
But is notour policy in this matter to be shaped
by the clear teachings of the war? If, in prose-
cuting the war, we have been taught that slaves
afford aid and comfort to the enemy, and no aid,
but much discomfort to us, is it not the part of
wisdom so to shape our policy as to deprive our
enemies of so much of the smews of their strength?
No, say some; the Republican party,and the Gov-
ernment, without distinction of party, is pledged
not to meddle with slavery. When did they make
this pledge? Not when at Chicago it was re-
solved—
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to order and
control its ovvii domes-tic institutions accoidmg to its own
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection andenduiance of ourpohtical faith
depends
for this rebellion was not in existence then.
When did the President give the pledge not to
meddle with slavery in any way in this war? In
his very last message ho has told us " the Union
must be preserved; and hence, all indispensable
means must be employed." Suppose it should, in
his judgment, constitute a part of the " indispens-
able means " to be employed in preserving the
Union, that slavery should be attacked at every
point, is he under any pledge to hold back the
sword? On the contrary, are not these very words
his pledge to use the sword for the extinction of
slavery, if, in his judgment, such use of it is indis-
pensable for the presetvation of the Union ?
Was the passage of the Crittenden resolutions
a pledge that we would, in no event, interfere with
slavery? The resolutions declare—
"That this war is not waged upon our part in any spirit
of oppression, nor for ;vny purpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor purpose of ovottiuovving oi interfering with the
right-* or established institutions of those States, but to de-
fend and maintain the bupiein.icy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
lights of the several States unimpaired; that, as soon as
these objects aie accomp.i-hed, the war ought to ceasc."
This resolution is both negative and positive in
declaring the object, the purpose, of the war, and
must be so interpreted as to have all its parts
agree, or it is valueless.
If the constiuclioii you put on a part of these
resolutions makes another part of them null and
void, your construction cannot stand. If gentle-
men so construe the phraseology, " this war is
not waged upon our part in any spirit of oppres-
sion, nor for any purpose of conquest or subju-
gation, nor purpose of overthrowing or interfer-
ing with the rights or established institutions of
these States," 111 such manner as to restrict the
Government from employing such constitutional
means as it may deem necessary, be these consti-
tutional means what they may, " to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equal-
ity, and rights of the several States unimpaired,"
their construction must be erroneous.
The question, after all, is in the point, well
made, are the means which it is proposed to em- !
ploy, and especially so far as the use that is to j
be made of slaves and slavery, "to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and !
to preserve the Union" constitutional? '
On this question there is, and must of necessity I
be, a difference of opinion. Who shall decide J
where doctors of the law disagree? As to Gov- !
ernment and legislators, when the duty is forced
upon them, us it is, they must decide, each man
for himself, notwithstanding doctors of the law
disagree. 1 know of no other course.
1 do not propose to discuss the question as to
the constitutionality of these measures. Discussed
as it has been anil will be by able legal gentlemen
on the floor of tins House, we shall get all the
light we can have upon it, without any exhibition
of my want of good taste in endeavoring tn aug-
ment this light. But, sir, my point still is—;t
must be clearly shown that the means pi opus, d
are unconstitutional before it can be made to ap-
pear that they are not to be employed to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution
and to preserve the Union. It is the rernarh of
an eminent jurist:
" The history of man does not present a more illustrious
monument of human invention, sound political principles,
and judicious combinations, than the Constitution of the
United States."
Sir, I have yet to see it proved, if proved it
can be, that, in its "judicious combinations" we
find such prohibitions as must inhibit either the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army or the Congress
of the United States from employing "confisca-
tion or emancipation," if in their wisdom neces-
sary, in prosecuting this war. And if proveditwill
give additional force to the truth of the remark,
that " the best constitution which can be framed,
with the most anxious deliberation that can be be-
stowed upon it, may, in practice, be found imper-
fect and inadequate to the true interests of society."
Sir, I listened with pleasure to the speech of the
honorablcgentlemanfromKentucky, [Mr. Wads-
worth,] because " it was the other side of this
question" most ably and candidly and eloquently
discussed. Although he did not show, in my
humble opinion, that the position of my honora-
ble fiiend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] in regard
to the power of Congress relative to this whole
subject-matter of slavery in prosecuting the war,
was unsound, he was eminently successful in set-
ting forth his views, and what I understand to be
the position of all the slave States. For this I
thank him. He did not hesitate to declare that,
"if you are for the emancipation of the slaves,
you arm each man in those States against you."
" You must choose between negro slavery or the
white people of fifteen States in opposition to
you." Yes, sir; here are the terms; lettheNorth
not mistake with respect to them. If it does, it
will not be the fault of my honorable friend from
Kentucky.
But pray, sir, let me ask, is not this as much
conditional support of the Government and con-
ditional support of the war, on the part of this
gentleman, and those for whom he speaks, as it
is conditional support of the Government and the
war, on the part of the honorable gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Conway,] or the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and those
for whom they speak, when the one declares that
" he will not vote another man or another dollar
for this war unless it is made a war against sla-
very;" and the other, " that there should be no
restoration of this Union with slavery in it."
This language I quote -from the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, but I have
failed to find it in the timely and able speech of
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts.
Why, then, complain of conditionalism, when,
in fact, it is to be found just as much with some
southern as with some northern loyalists ? Why
not admit that the same error, if it be an error,
belongs to each, though it mocks them in different
ways. No slavery—no Union; but the white
people of fifteen States in opposition to you. May
we of the North not as frankly declare, no liberty
for the slaves—no Union; but the people of nine-
teen States against you? If you are not fanatics
who insist on no Union if 110 slavery, then we
aie not fanatics who insist 011 no Union if no lib-
erty to the slaves. Or if the one is the fanaticism
of slavery, and the other of universal liberty, if
we must choose between them—as it seems we
must—for my part I choose the fanaticism of lib-
erty. I cannot but think, though the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky will not concur with
me, that sooner or later the people of the North
and West will choose this fanaticism, since choose
they must.
Sir, I honor the men of an idea to which they
cling with the tenacity of death, as the very life of
the Republic; who scorn to run with bare-headed
debasement the scrub race ofpopularity; who take
not counsel of majorities, but only of truth. These
men of the Calhoun idea, that" slavery is the most
safe and stable basis for republican institutions
in the world;" who cling to it as the very life
of the Republic they do not run the scrub race
of popularity; they take not counsel of majorities;
I cannot add only of truth. Eutstill I honorthem
