1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
sanguine that expected such results from it. We
are constructing the Mystic, another iron-clad
steamer. It is ail experiment. It may succeed;
it may not succeed; but it is best to finish it and
see. We are constructing a still larger vessel of
the same character—the Ironsides, I think I have
heard it called. It is an experiment. I hope it
will succeed; I have my apprehensions about it;
but it is best to' finish it. So in respect to this bat-
tery; it is an experiment; let us finish it and see
what it will come to. At least we shall get this
lesson from it: if it docs not succeed, we shall learn
why it does not succeed; its defects, its imperfec-
tions will be developed, and thereby we may profit
much in the construction of other simitar struc-
tures.
. The conflict the other day in the waters of
Hampton Roads between the Merrimac and the
Monitor has initiated a new era in naval warfare
and harbor defense. Every maritime nation has
now to enter upon a series of experiments of this
kind, and it has been well said, we are to start on
equal terms with other nations, and that nation
which shall be most successful in making these
experiments will have the greatest advantage.
Now, sir, in view of all this I am disposed,
without being able to form an opinion whether
this thing will succeed or not, I think it wise, to
try this experiment. The public opinion clearly
demands it; a wise reference to what is before us
demands it; a wise forecast in my judgment de-
mands that this and every other promising exper-
iment in this direction should be tried. 1 think it
is well worth the money it will cost. In my judg-
ment it promises as well as any other experiment
that we are about trying. It is the contrivance of
one of the greatest geniuses in mechanics thatour
country has ever produced—a genius whose in-
ventions have hitherto always, so far as I have
learned, proved successful. If I understand aright,
[lis mind was the first to suggest this kind of war-
fare; and therefore, relying as I do very much
upon the character of the inventor,upon whathe
has accomplished in other inventions, I hope this
experiment will be tried, and if it fails we shall
have at least the benefit of the points in which it
proves defective, and thus we shall be enabled to
profiteven by the failure, and thus perhaps realize
the full value of the expenditure that we make
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the honor-
able Senator from New York what evidence he
has that public opinion demands that we should
try this experiment? lie so stated.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, sir, I will answer the
Senator from Maine as well as I can. I have a
way^ of my own of ascertaining what publicopin-
ion is. It is by conversing with intelligent gen-
tlemen, by reading the newspapers, and learning
as well as I can what is operating and working in
the public mind; and so far as I have been able to
gather what is going on in the minds of the pub-
lic, I have come to the conclusion that the public
opinion demands that this experiment should be
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President, 1
have no disposition to quarrel with the Senator
for forming his own opinion in his own way, but
I confess that I have failed to see that public opin-
ion demanded anything of the kind. I believe the
Senator lives in the neighborhood of the exhibi-
tion of the model—indeed, lives where it has been
on exhibition for some weeks.
Mr. HARRIS. I never saw it.
Mr. FEsSSENDEN. The Senator lives in the
same house, 1 believe.
Mr. HAUUfS. I never saw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very likely he has
fallen in with a good many intelligent gentlemen
who have the idea that this experiment ought to
be tried. Sir, 1 never knew a scheme before Con-
gress for getting money out of the Treasury,
piovided the sum was large enough, that did not ,
find very many intelligent gentlemen all around |
through this city who were exceedingly fixed in '
their opinion upon the subject.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to say m that connection for Ins benefit,
that I tie\ er saw the mode], I never conversed with
Mr. Stevens in relation to the merits of this bat-
tel y, nor, so far as I know, with any one who had
any personal or private interest in advancing this
measure? °
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as the Senator
k no ws, I presume he has not; but we converse with
a great many intelligent gentlemen that we do not
know to be interested in these schemes until we find
it out afterwards; and, so far as the newspapers
are concerned,I never knewa scheme of this kind
before Congress, or of any kind which involved
the expenditure of a large sum of money, that
did not command the support, and I dare say the
very honest support, of a good deal of the public
press. They have their opinions, and have a right
to express them. The same thing has been shown
ever since I have been here on all questions in-
volving the expenditure of money, provided the
sum was large enough to make it a matter inter-
esting to the public, because in those cases the
public attention is necessarily turned to the con-
sideration of the subject; and 1 suppose that is
the explanation of it.
Now, sir, I have all respect for public opinion.
I am perfectly aware that it will not do for a man
in this country who occupies a public position
not to have a respect for it, or profess to have at
any rate. But upon matters of this kind before
Congress upon which I am to act, involving the
l public Treasury to a large extent, I take it that I
am bound to act on my own opinion, and I am
bound to see that that opinion is an intelligent
one, at any rate that I understand it myself,""and
not be influenced by the outside pressure. Sir, I
have been here longenough to know how bills aie
carried through Congress very much by outside
pressure of all kinds and descriptions, and in a
very grcatdegree, in my judgment, often irrespect-
ive of the merits of the thing itself. I luive ex-
perienced it; anil there is no man who has been
member of Congress for any length of time who
has not felt it. Hence, in my judgment, it be-
comes the more necessary that we should oui-
selves understand these questions, and act upon
our own undcistandiug of them, without refer-
ence to what may be said to us outside, and to the
neglectof the opinion that the Senator from New
York has reference to.
But enough of that, sir. 1 rose more to reply
to a suggestion of the Senator from California.
He makes this matter of more importance than I
was aware of, for lie says that it comprehends
substantially all the results of science upon this
question, from the beginning of the world up to
the present day; that it has been continually
changing, because it has been adopting all the im-
provements of science. Well, sir, that may be a
very good idea, but let us look at the effect of it.
We want a vessel to be in operation in the course
of three or four months; the sooner the better.
We began with this vessel twenty years ago, and
it was to be done in two years. As I stated yes-
terday, at the end of two years nothing had been
done. It is said we were not at war then, and
therefore there was no immediate haste. Sir, was
there not some reason that the contract should, at
any rate, be attempted to be performed ? It seems
the men of that day thought that if we were to
have an experiment for which we were to pay
| $500,000, there should be some time fixed within
which the expei iment should result in something;
but it went on from two years to two years, and
from two years to four years, and on and on, ever
going on, and we sec no end to the experiment at
the end of twenty years; and it seems, from the
appearance of thing's, that we are nearly as far off
as ever. What is the answer to be made to all
this? Why, it is said this comprehends the re-
sults of science from year to year. Is all science
to stop at the end of four months fiom the present
time ? Is there to be nothing else to be compre-
hended ? Mr. Stevens, this genius that the Sen-
ator trom California speaks about, began and kept
Oil changing his plans, not, lot me here say to the
: Senator from California, with the assent of the
Government or the Navy Department, but upon
his own judgment. He retained the power in his
contract, not to vary the time in which he wasto
perform the contract, but to vary the plan, so that
he did not lessen the size of the vessel to be built,
j He went on adopting the results of science, it
! seems, of the French and English, and all others
; in the woild, as well as his own; and at the end
. of twenty years he is at a point, not where science
' ends, because even now he conies in and tells us
I that he has gotsome improvements to adopt m the
course of the next four months. We put §500,000
into his hands to incorporate the results of science ,
into one vessel twenty years ago; and now wc i
propose to give him seven or eight hundred thou-
sand dollars more to complete the thing, and give
us the results of all other science that may have
accumulated since. When are we to see the end
of it? Does anybody believe he can spend this
money in four months, and give us this vessel?
The result, in my judgment, will be precisely the
same; nothing will be done except the pledge
given in the appropriation to spend the money;
and we shall see the vessel, not while the war is
going on, but after it is ended; unless we have
the argument after the war is ended that "it is
now a time of peace, and there is no particular
hurry."
The result is simply this; we propose nothing
more or less than to appropriate neai ly eight hun-
dred thousand dollars in the first place to pay Mr.
Stevens What he expended upon his own motion,
without consulting anybody, and without any-
body's assent; in the next place to finish the vessel
as he says according to the present scheme, and
one upon which he professes that up to this day,
this moment, he has got no plan that he may not
change, to meet I suppose the changes of scien-
tific discovery.
The Senator from New York talked about the
Monitor, and said that was an experiment; but
that was to be finished, when? In four months
from the time it was commenced, at the nsk of
the contiactor; and it was done within a few days,
some twenty days after that time, and it proved
to be a success. Should we have tried that ex-
periment if two years were to be given, or if we
supposed that twenty years were to elapse and
that changes were to be made from day to day to
accommodate themselves to the ideas that might
be suggested to the builders ' Not at all. Has it
been so with the Mystic.? Has it been so with the
other vessels? Sen'atois undertake to talk about
our holding back and our unwillingness to appio-
priate money. Sir, for the purpose of building
those iron boats, we have appropriated already
$11,500,000, and the Committee, on Naval Affairs
will propose on this bill, an appropriation, as I
understand, in addition to that, of 1 do not know
how much; the Senator from Iowa can tell me.
Mr. GRIMES. Fifteen millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fifteen millions in addi-
tion at the call of the Department to build iron-
clad vessels. That will be §26,000,000. Besides
all this money which is to be appropi kited and
which can build an iion navy, superior, if the
money is decently spent, to that which the Biitish
and French both have at the present time, taken
together, we are to spend §750,000 more on an ex-
periment which up to this time has been a failure,
and for which there is no argument except that it
gives a chance of making some thing that will com-
prehend all the impiovements of science from the
beginning. Well, now, sir, if this is not a wild
scheme, and if there is not a mere taking advant-
age of the panicin the public mind at the present
time to force it upon Congress, I cannot compre-
hend what it is. But sir, I do not feel disposed
to argue it further.
Mr. DIXON. Mr.President,the Senatorfrom
Iowa has introduced to the Senate a letter from
Commodore Breese, in which, although he had
not before exhibited it to me, I find some refer-
ence to myself. I do not find, however, anything
m that letter which needs a particular leply at
tills time. Commodore Breese states that he did
not complete the contract to which he refers. I
said so, also, fie did his part in completing the
contract, as I understand. The contract required
the additional signature of Mr. Morgan. Mr.
Morgan declined to give his signature. The pur-
chase, therefore, was not made at the price speci-
fied in the contract, which was to be signed by
Mr. Morgan before it should become binding.
Mr. Morgan afterwards purchased the same ves-
sels at a deduction of about ninety thousand dol-
lars. However, I did not intend in the shghest
degree to reflect on the judgment, and certainly
not on the integrity, of Commodore Breese. I
merely wished to show that Mr. Morgan's ser-
vices had been of some value.
But, sir, that is not the question before the Sen-
ate. I agree with the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Harris,] that this is an experiment which
ought to be tried; tlmtthis battery of Mr. Stevens
should be completed. It is calculated that the
Government lias already expended nearly half a
million of dollars on this experiment. It is now
