33M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July 15.
or taken a thing from anyman. Governor Wick-
lwf e of the other House told me ofa regimen t from
my own State that remained for some weeks m
his region with-perfect order, perfect discipline,
and perfect system, and not one particle of prop-
erty was taken or injured. When our Army
took Williamsburg the other day, they took pos-
session of a lunatic asylum, and placed our own
physicians in it, and furnished our own means
for its support. What treatment have we re-
ceived in return ? What has been the policy pur-
sued in return for all this lenity and kindness?
Need X answer, when we have all seen these armed
rebels defy the laws of Jehovah Himself, violate
every law of man, and outrage every sentimentof
humanity. I have honestly regarded as the only
measure that will save this country the bill to
confiscate the property of these rebels; but it has
been delayed here for weeks and months. In my
judgment, if there is anything for which we shall
be held responsible in the future, it will be the
delay upon that very measure. Will any Sen-
ator answer me this question, and 1 appeal to the
Senator from Missouri, have you heard anything
about bridges being burnt in Missouri since the
execution of an order to hang seven men for that
ofK-nse ? In thatcase the punishment was promptly
inflicted; but have you heard of any other viola-
tors of the law being punished ? You have gone
into the enemy's country to restore order, and
while there they have violated every law on earth
and defied us, and yet the mercy and leniency of
the Government forbid still, in a manner, their
punishment.
Sir, I might as well be plain about this matter,
for I mean what I say. The fault has been in the
Executive of your Government. There has been
no policy. One course has been pursued in the
South; another in the East; another m the West;
another in the North; but there has been no uni-
form firm and decided policy. It was your duty
when you met in July last to sustain the arms of
the President, and .to give him a policy. This
Congress ought not to have sat four weeks until
the property of Lieutenant Maury in this city, for
the use of which the Government now pays its
money, had been taken possession of. This
Congress ought not, to have sat four weeks until
Magrader's property and the property of every
disloyal man throughout the North had been
taken possession of. Can we expect peace in this
country, can we expect order, while we are tam-
pering with those men, holding out inducements
to them, offering to accommodate them, and try-
ing to bring them back into their allegiance by
mild mentis while they are breaking down the insti-
tutions of our fathers ? Look at the state of things
in Kentucky and Missouri to-day, all growing
out of the fact that there has been no system,
no firmness, no policy. And our troubles will not
end here; we shall have more, much more; we
shall never crush this rebellion until we come out
boldly and declare that this Government belongs
to the loyal men of it, North and South. He who
is not for the Government must bear the conse-
quences. Not only what he has, but all he is in
possession of, must be taken. It was a very pretty
thing to listen to the Senator from Pennsylvania
talk about the spectacle of men going into south-
ern and northern homes, and taking possession of
the property of women and children; but, sir,my
mind reverted to a sadder spectacle in my own
State, all over which may be found the widows
of our slain, clad in the habiliments of mourning;
bright hearthstones made silent and desolate for-
ever, and beautiful daughtersand dear boys turned
upon the cold, cold charities of this unpitying
world. I draw the curtain over thesad, dark scenes
•which crowd around the hearthstones and upon
the stricken hearts the slain patriots of my coun-
try have left behind them.
Sir, the man who rebels against this Govern-
ment ought to die. 'He has no right to the protec-
tion of a particle of property for an hour. Why,
sir, I have before me a letter from the secretary
of one of the finest railroads in Indiana asking my
opinion in a case of this sort. A man by the name
- of Mitchell owns a large quantity of stock m that
railroad. He was raised and educated by the
Government of the United States. I see by the
list that he was twenty-five years in the Navy.
When this rebellion broke out, he went South.
He commanded the Louisiana, a rebel vessel, in
the„flght at-New-Orleans the other day; and when
he found that he would be whipped, he blewher
up. He was taken prisoner, and is now in Fort,
Warren; and yet he is receiving every six months
his dividends on this railroad stock. And this is
but one of ten thousand such examples; and m
the face of such facts, shall we continue, as we
have done, shall we carry on the war ill this beau-
tiful way-, passingovel- to reffelsin arms the profits
of stocks and property in the North, or loyal
States, to feed them and strengthen their bastard
government? The marshal of my State owes an
existing debt of $20,000 to a gentleman who is a
commissary in the rebel army; and every six
months that man gets his interest. Can you tol-
erate these things? If these things are to go on,
do youeverexpect to restore orderin this country?
Mr. President, for the last five or six weeks I
have sat in my seat and heard gentlemen, hour
after hour, and day after day, talk about what we
could not do. It would have been gratifying to
me if some gentleman had told us what we might
do. It would have been far more gratifying to me
to hear that. I know that there is rebellion in the
land; I know that there are traitors in the North
as well as in the South; and I know they are liv-
•ing upon the fat of the land. I know that in this
city to-day, where you are taking the temples of
God as hospitals, there is more property belong-
ing to rebels than would be necessary to furnish
hospital accommodations for every sick man in
our Army. Sir, I would march with this Senate
in a body to-night and say to the President, ''-be-
fore to-morrow's sun shall rise take every bit of
it." It is not the mere value of the property I look
to, but to the example you would show to the
country that you mean to sustain this Govern-
ment; that you mean that he who rebels against
it shall lose his property altogether; and you will
never have peace until you do it. I always begin
to suspect any man's loyalty when he talks to me
about the violation of the writ of habeas corpus, or
this thing or that thing done to sustain the Govern-
ment.
Mr. President, as an humble Senator I have
votpd against every measure that I considered was
in the way of an efficient prosecution of this war.
I voted against the proposition of my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] yesterday. I voted
against the Pacific railroad. I voted against the
bill to dispose of the public lands. Every measure
that will weaken the Government, by weakening
as I believe her credit, as these measures seemed
to me to do, in this crisis, I am against; but I am
for every measure that will givepowerand efficacy
to the Government, and give strength and nerve
to the soldier. If we could stop the discussion of
this negro question, and not put it on every bill
that comes up, and carry out, as we ought to carry
out, the principles of the confiscation bill, we shall
begin to see daylight. By that bill we can em-
ploy these blacks upon fortifications, and in all
kinds of work; I am ready for that. I am ready
to sacrifice everything to preserve this Union; but
I do not like to see the Senate day after day dis-
cussing questions that will only tend to excite
sectional controversy and can produce no good.
I desire to make a remark on another subject,
and I hope the Senate will pardon me for alluding
to it. 1 listened the other day with a great deal
of interest to a speech of the Senator fiom Dela-
ware, [Mr. Saulsbdry,] in which, I think, for
about half an hour, he summed up what he be-
lieved to be the causes of this rebellion. Of course
men will differ on that point, but I have made up
my mind that this is not the time to find fault. I
listened to the gentleman talking about a remark
of President Lincoln's, that the Union could not
stand with half tffe States free and half of them
slave; but I can .tell the gentleman that there is
one sentence which I have in the book before me
which has done far more injury to this Union
When a certain President of the United States
wrote these words: " Kansas is therefore at this
inomentas much a slave State as Georgia'or South
Carolina;" and when that was followed up by a
decision of the Supreme Court, the highest tribu-
nal of the land, that your fathers and mine made
a Constitution that carried slavery where there
was no law for it—I was not in the country at the
time; but I think I understand the popular heart of
this people—it struck the hearts of millions of free-
men as a falsehood and a slander. The people were
told that Kansas was as much a slave State as South
Carolina, where they have been legislating on the
subject for eighty years; and it was expected that
the honest, loyal men of this country would swal-
lowadoctrine so monstrous. I go for the doctrines
of the lamented Douglas, the true expounderof the
Constitution, and one of the best, the ablest, and
most faithful publicmen this country has overpro-
duced. I go for no such power as is stated in that
decision. If my friend from Delaware desires to
find the causes of the present rebellion, he will
find one of them in that celebrated message of
James Buchanan.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope my friend will
allow me to say one word.
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know it is generally
popular to attack a man who is out of power, who
once had friends dancing attendance upon him,
but who lias retired from place and is no longer
in any public position. When Mr. Buchanan was
President of the United States he never did any
act at my solicitation. He never made an appoint-
ment at my solicitation. I never asked for but
one favor, and that was not to make an appoint-
ment to my State. He refused to gratify my
wishes. But, sir, without attempting to indorse
all the acts of Mr. Buchanan's administration, let
me say to my friend, perhaps it is a little unjust
to attack a man who is not in a condition to defend
himself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I certainly have not made
any attack upon Mr. Buchanan. I have spoken of
a message of a President of the United Siates, but
made no allusion to him. I think it was a fatal
blow. I think it led to disastrous results. The
gentleman knows what I mean, and I am not go-
ing to repeat it. I have no desire to enter into .
political controversies, particularly at the present
time. I believe we have had a Democratic caucus,
and I believe we have had a Republican caucus.
I know one man who has attended none of them,
and I know one man who, while this rebellion
lasts, will never go into a political caucus of any
kind. This Government does not belong to cau-
cuses nor to parties. It belongs to the loyal men
of this whole Country. I am determined, so far
as this question is concerned, that I shall never be
a party to any organization until we have peace.
Just in proportion as you organize party, you will
organize divisions on the subject of this war. If
you form party organizations at the North, you
will have men for and against this war; and it is
the duty of the patriot to guard agaiafit any such
divisions.
Mr. President, I desire to make this appeal to
the Senate. I desire to ask every Senator this
question: what effect would a steady, uniform
policy produce throughout this whole land ? As
I have said before, the difficulty is that we have no
uniform, definite, fixed policy. No man can ex-
pect order until we have some uniform and definite
plans of action. That plan or policy must coins
from your Executive, and we must sustain him in
it. It should be this: " protection to the loyal
men of the country everywhere; no protection to
a disloyal man, whether in the North or South."
That purpose or policy should be so firm and de-
cided, that in carrying it out the whole power of
the Government could be brought to bear. -Have
you aright to ask three hundred thousand men to
come into your Army while vacillating councils
prevail ? I want the soldier of my State, when he
falls upon the battle-field, to know that disloyal
men are to be pnnished; I want him to know that
the Government for which he is dying is to be pre-
served. If we have not boldness and firmness of
purpose, how can we expect the soldier to exer-
cise the courage that belongs to him ?
I will take this occasion to make a remark in
regard to a subject that we had under considera-
tion this morning, in the bill of my friend the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] on the subject of
authorizing the Government to issue letters of
marque and reprisal. I must say I was astonished
at the course of the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that if we passed
that measure, it would be an admission tha^t we
were weak; it would be vacillation. I have-but
one answerto make, and I alluded to it some weeks
ago when I asked the Senate this question, and I
now ask it again: is there any Government on earth
that has the right to call in question what_ means
we adopt to crush out this rebellion ? Is it not a
part of the policy of the Government of this coun-
