THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 16, 1862.
New Series No. 210.
try, when a rebellion breaks out, to take oar own
means of crushing it? Senators are not aware of
the injury the Nashville, the Sumter, and those
vessels did to our commerce abroad. I remember
twelvemonthsago, when leaving the Old World, 1
saw lying upon the wharves at Southampton more
than §100,000 worth of property, the freight on
which would have amounted to five or ten thousand
dollars, and which was not put on board a vessel
then in that port, because she was an American
vessel. The rates of insurance on American vessels
were increased. No man can calculate the injury
that was done to our trade and commerce by those
vessels; and yet it is said this is a dangerous power
to give the President—the power to issue letters of
marque and reprisal.
Is it a dangerous thing to give the President, if
necessary to save the life of this nation, the power
to arm privateers? What right have you to call
in question the conduct of Great Britain, or any
other Government, in suppressing a rebellion
within her limits? What right have they to call
in question our conduct in suppressing a rebellion
here ? I am willing to trust the Executive of this
country. I remarked to agentleman three months
ago that this Government could have well afforded
to pay $200,000 for the capture of those two ves-
sels—the Nashville and Sumter—twelve months
ago. 1 repeat, it is not a dangerous power; and
I hope the Senator from Iowa will again call up
his bill, so that I at least may have the pleasure
of voting for it. It is just as essential in time of
war that the Government of your country should
have the power to issue letters of marque and re-
prisal as it is to pass a confiscation bill. Our
commerce has been crippled; vessels have been
detached from the naval service just on account
of those two or three vessels, which, if you had
authorized letters of marque and reprisal, might
have been taken six or twelve months ago. We
have the perfect right to do it on the principle that
no nation has a right to look into the course of
the conduct of another nation in putting down a
rebellion.
It may seem that the view I have thus taken of
the power of this Government is a little strong.
I know that the propriety of a man taking the
course to which I have alluded in relation to the
confiscation bill has been called in question. If
gentlemen can point me to any other remedy, if
gentlemen can show me any other system, I
should be willing to adopt it. As I remarked two
months ago, if we have not the power to pass a
confiscation bill, I desire to know why we have
not had articles of war on this subject. Let us
at least have a uniform policy in carrying out the
views of the Government of the country, as ex-
pressed through its members of Congress. Sir,
the unity of this country is paramount to all other
considerations. We have got to have war; and
I mean by that that we have got to execute the
power of our Government in its bullets and bay-
onets. There is no.other power that can be looked
to in this crisis. During the course of my life I have
seen a little of the force and power of this Gov-
ernment. I have been abroad and seen the influ-
ence and power of my country when it was united.
The Governments of the Old World are watching
earnestly all our movements. They say we aio
strong except in one aspect, and that is, to put
down a rebellion. They have always doubted our
power to do that. The Governments of the Old
World will tell you privately, "oh, you do very
well so long as you? country is in peace and har-
mony; but whenever a rebellion or insurrection
takes place, you have not the power to crush it."
We have given them one answer in the number of
men we have called into the field, in the unanimity
with which our people have responded; and as I
said a moment ago, I desire very much to see that
spirit carried out again m relation to the measures
proposed by this bill—not offering money in con-
tributions, but I should like to see an appeal made
to the patriotic, heart of the people. 1 have seen
the influence of your Government abroad before
disunion was stalking over the land. I have seen
an American citizen who was arrested and put into
210
the army of a foreign country when we were a
united people, at once discharged by that Govern-
ment because it was their policy to do so; but the
moment divisions and dissensions grewup in the
land, I have seen-a hesitating policy there that
looked not to the force and power of our Govern-
ment, but to say that in our weakness and divis-
ions we were gone.
Mr. President, I may have erred, as all men are
liable to err, in relation to these questions. I took
my seat in this body, under peculiar circum-
stances, four months ago. It is the only position I
ever held in my life that did not come from the
people ;and I have been a politician for thirty years.
Sir, I came here and took the oath at your desk
with but one solemn determination, and that was
to give my vote and m.y influence to every measure
calculated to prosecute this war, calculated to
bieak down this rebellion. 1 Jfave never looked
to the right nor to the left, but have asked myself
this question: what measure and what system is
bestcalculated to restore this Government over all
the States? I have never been one of those who
believed or have ever thought of the question of
the separation of any portion of this country—
never. My motto is, we are one, we cannot be
two, three, or four. .We are one people or we are
nothing. In carrying out that maxim, I know of
nothing so essential as that the Government shad
act with energy and firmness, and that the power
of the Government shall be brought to bear in a
solid and single policy, North, South, East, and
West. Who was not alarmed yesterday on open-
ing the papers at seeing the state of things in cer-
tain portions of the country? It is said that the
archives of the State of Kentucky have been re-
moved, although you have had peace there for six
months past. What is the,state of things there?
You have had armies all over Kentucky light
among rebels who havegotsonsin the rebel army,
and you have bought their produce and paid them
your gold at high prices. Do you expect to carry
on this war and to maintain this Government in
that way? If you do, you are mistaken. You
never will preserve this Government unless you
prosecute this,inthelanguageofWallace, asaivar.
If you wish to carry it on as a war you must go into
the country of the enemy, and you must make them
contribute to the support of our Army. When
we go into a land to restore order, we must make
those who have dethroned it pay for it.
Why, sir, look at the vast amountof property
in the North as well as in the South owned by
these rebels. There are towns in the West that
are payingthousands of dollars every year lo these
southern men. When a man comes to Indiana,
where I live, and preaches doctrines opposed to
this confiscation bill, I have but one thing to tell
him: there is scarcely a hamlet there that does
not Contain a widow; there is mourning all over
the land; and by the side of the graves of these
boys, in many instances, there are large buildings
and fine farms owned by southern rebels. Sir, that
property should be taken, not to-morrow but to-
day, instantly, North and South; and wherever
you go, let the watchword be war! war I war! If
you think that by tampering with this question,
by introducing side issues, you can save this
country, in my judgment you will be mistaken.
No, sir; those measures will not do; nor is this
the hour or the time to introduce side issues or
other questions. For months I have listened to
gentlemen discussing those questions; but I have
endeavored to give my vote with one single object
in view: to prosecute this war and to sustain the
President. When I sustained General McClellan,
in the few remarks I made the other day, I sus-
tained him bccause he is a general in the Army;
he ismygeneial. I sustain the President because
he is my President. I sustain whoever is in au-
thority. I know no other way to save thisGovern-
menf than by sustaining those who are in authority;
and I will not find fault by the wayside with what
he is doing, if I think a general is incompetent,
I will go to the proper authority about it, but! will
nevqr introducea resolution in this body to weaken
the arm of a general or the President.
As before remarked, I have been a politician for
thirty years. I have been what the world called
a Democrat. I hold the same political sentiments
now that I ever did. A friend of mine, in address-
ing a Union convention at Indianapolis the other
day, stated a striking fact, that there were in that
convention nine men who were members of the
second convention that nominated General Jack-
son. I wish I had been present at that Union con-
vention in my State to have made the number ten,
for I was also a member of that convention which
nominated General Jackson. When I was nineteen
years of age I attended a Democratic convention.
I have been a Democrat all my life; but, sir, the
man who can talk about a Republican party, or
a Democratic party, or who can talk about any-
thing in this crisis of the country but the best
measures to save his country, is unworthy the
name of Republican, is unworthy the name of
Democrat. There should be no Republican party,
no Democratic party now.
I desire to say that the sentiments of the ex-
tract^ am about to send to the desk are the senti-
ments of the people of Indiana on this slavery
question. Indiana is a national State. Shedesires
to live in peace and harmony with sister States,
and to preserve this Union. I ask the Secretary
to read this extract from remarks made by a friend
of mine.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Whether tlie war shall end in subjugation and emanci-
pation is a question that concerns the iobels,and not us.
They can lay down their arm* and eoiwdei themselves
conqucrcd oi subjugated, as then refined sense of honoi and
delicate tas>te may piefei ; and, though the political power
of slavery is forevei broken, the tenure of pioperty in slaves
may continue; but if they protract the struggle until the en-
durance and le-ouices of tiic nation aie expended, I pre-
dict that, without any congressional or executive interfer-
ence, and as the inevitable lesult of invasion and the con-
iiict of arms, the longevity of slavery will be coincident
with the duration of the war. We will prosecute the war
to reestablish the supremacy of the Federal Constitution,
under Mr. Crittenden's resolution at the extra session of
(Jungles*, and it blaveiy inustpeush in the conflict, let u
pei i«-h.
" We can all agree m a vigorous piosecution of the war
to ciush treason and save the Government, and it, in so do-
ing, slavciy dies, let it go. We have no stock in it We
did not put it in peril by a war. What interest or responsi-
bility have we in slavciy ? Why is slavery any moie sacred
in the hands of lebcls than any other species of property ?
Why will political fossil< persi&t in linking the fortunes of
the Demociatic party with the fortuncsof slavery? Rebels
have thrown off their obligations to the Constitution, under
which alone it 1ms any guarantees; they have put it in issue
by a causeless and unprovoked war; they have staked it
on the lesult of military conflict. Shall it not abide the for-
tunes ot ievolution?"
Mr. WRIGHT. I remarked that I believed
those were the sentiments of the people of my
State. I shall detain the Senate but a moment
longer. I know they are anxious to come to a
vote. If I have exhibited any warmth m the re-
maiks that I have made, I hope it will be attrib-
uted to myoatural characterofbeingimpassioned.
In the conclusion of my remarks I beg the Senate
again to consider this question: when we have
decided this matter, why should the subject be *
introduced here every day and m every bill? I
favored the confiscation bill that finally passed
with great regret, because it had that one feature
in it; but I voted for it simply because I believed
the President had that power without the bill. 1
desire to see everythmgon God's earth taken by
our generals that will assist in the prosecution of
this war; but, Senators, it will never be done until
you have a policy defined by your Executive. I
talk to you as a plain man. It never will be done
until you have a policy defined by the President.
A general in the Army who will not employ every
negro that comes within his lines to work, to labor,
should be turned out instantly. As that Army
moves along, every bit of property belonging to
the rebels must betaken, if your President does
his duty, before ten days, in my judgment, there
can be $30,000,000 of property belonging to rebels
taken possession of in the Noith. Gentlemen
have no idea of the amount of property held in
the Northwest by rebels, from John Slidell down.
Sir, you have got more rebels than you think you
have in this country, and it is the duty of our Gov-
