404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
immediate removal, then farewell to the institu-
tions and Government of our fathers.
No doubt there are those who look upon slavery
as a great and crying evil, who can, nevertheless,
understand that there are interests of such para-
mount importance as to demand consideration;
and yet there has been but too much reason to fear
that their timid resolves in the right direction were
likely to be overborne by the resolute and desper-
ate determination of those who are immovably
fixed to their one idea and its accomplishment,
without regard to means or consequences.
Sir, it is high time that every member of this
House, however humble, should arouse himself
to a consciousness of personal responsibility, and
evince at least as great firmness and determination
for the preservation of our Constitution and Gov-
ernment, and the protection of such rights and in-
terests as are unquestionably guarantied to any
and every section and portion of our loyal citi-
zens, as any others have, or can exhibit for the
advancement of a theoretic philanthropy to the
overriding of all constitutions and Jaws.
Gentlemen tell us that the irresistible tide of
war will sweep from the land this curse of slavery.
Be it so. Then why divide our councils,distract
our country, and demoralize our Army, to pro-
vide theoretically what can only be accomplished
practically by the power of conquering armies,
and which, according to the theory of those who
would urge us on past the Rubicon of constitu-
tional safety, is so near its fulfillment?
Tfco history of the world shows that the mili-
tary power, when m the ascendant, is sufficiently
regardless of individual or local rights, whenever
they come in contact with its exactions; and it is
scarcely necessary that the legislative authority
should attempt to run in advance of the military,
in efforts to destroy the rights of loyal people,
upon the plea of providing for possible contingen-
cies, which, should they arise, could and would
be promptly mot by the inevitable necessities of
war, and in regard to which gentlemen them-
selves contend that the military auihoiity is un-
doubted.
Sir, there is imminent necessity for legislation
by this Congress of a legitimate and practical char-
acter; arid yet, when the infamous sentiments of
that class of men who have openly and solemnly
proclaimed to the world over and over again that
our glorious Constitution, hallowed by the most
chemhcd mommies and hopes of many millions
of freemen, and sanctified by divine approval,
is " a covenant of death, and a league with bell,"'
are continually urged upon the consideration of
this House, and through its published proceed-
ings seatteied broadcast over the land, it almost
seems that one cannot sit silently and tamely by
without becoming particcps rriminis in such trea-
sonable deckuations.
1 am in favor, 1 hope all of us are, of a vigorous,
thorough prosecution of this war to the utter dis-
comfiture and annihilation of treason and treason-
able sentiments, North and South. Hut I am not
so anxious to <?re the land drenched in the best
blood of our nation, and emancipation, conflagra-
tion, nud death moving hand in hand with slaugh-
tering armies, for the mere accomplishment of an
insane idea, as to threaten that the work of desola-
tion shall go on, "either through the Administra-
tion or over it Nor am I impatient for the de-
struction consequent upon the coming together in
battle of mighty aimies in hostile array, unless
indispensable for the preservation and perpetua-
tion <>f our glorious Union; and for that, and Us
reestablkshment, as it was before the leckless folly
of traitors and madmen North and South dis-
tracted it and divided it, so that it can be handed
down to future generations with all the hopes of
free government that once surrounded it, no
needed sacrifice would be too great.
Do gentlemen of that class whose incendiary
teachings of insanity or wickedness have foi yeais
alarmed and distracted the people of this other-
wise harmonious and united Confederacy, expect
that the abominable idea which would deify the
miscreant John Brown, can be introduced into this
war without inaugurating an era of blood, devas-
tation, and death,.such as the history of the world
has never recorded ? Do they expect us to forget
or ignore the sacied memories of the past, and.
quietlysubscribe to the detestable suggestion that
the immortal Washington and the whole list of
slaveholding patriots, conspicuous in our armies
of the Revolution, were Achans in an unclean
camp1. The conclusion is irresistible, that some
men of genius, if not actually crazy or devilish,
have so cramped and contracted their naturally vig-
orous powers, by perpetually thinking and speak-
ing upon an exaggerated idea, as to have become
pigmies when they ought to have been giants.
it may be askeu why it is, if I deprecate the
discussion of this exciting subject, that I do not
remain silent in regard to it? Sir, the conserva-
tive men of the country have kept still too long,
and allowed the devotees of this one-idea philan-
thropy an ex parte hearing, at all conceivable times
and places, all over the free North. For thirty
years and more they have been continually instill-
ing their pernicious sentiments into the minds of
the people through their pamphlets, periodicals,
and books, in common conversation, and the fam-
ily circle. From the school-room, the lecture-
room, and the pulpit, their wild, extravagant, and
dangerous assertions and theories have been forced
uncontradicted upon the attention of everybody.
The opposition to them has only been occasional
and incidental; hence they have grown to formi-
dable proportions; and here upon this floor, al-
most every day, this disagreeable subject is forced
upon us, in season and out of season. All the
interests of all the white men of the world seem
to be forgotten or ignored by some gentlemen in
their determination to hold the black man contin-
ually in the foreground. If we keep still and al-
low them to go on, even if we could escape demor-
alization here, it goes forth to the world, to the
Union-loving men of the North, to our armies in
the camps and in the field, and to our loyal breth-
ren in the slaveholding States, that we have an
abolition Congress, and distrust and alarm is the
consequence.
Do these gentlemen of the one idea expect that
they can carry on this war successfully without
the aid of the conservative men of the country?
If not, why do they continually strive to insult
and irritate us ? They may consider it peculiarly
their war; and perhaps in some sort it is; but,
even then, so long as they ask us, and we are
willing to fi^ht their battles for them, they ought
to treat us decently, at least until the war is over;
or have they talked so long and so much about the
crack of a certain lash that they wish to apply it
to the backs of their white allies for the edification
of their black friends?
These gentlemen, sir, who grow so ferociously
eloquent over then emancipation idea, do not tell
us what they propose to do with their black breth-
ren when they get them. Possibly they think their
equalizing and humanizing philanthropy has so far
elevated the character and tastes of the white men
that they will consider it a privilege to fight side
by side with black slaves. Let them try it. No,
sir, we will not let them thus degrade and disgrace
our brave soldiers; but, if they had the power to
try it, they would find that human instincts were
stronger than all their fine-spun theories.
I have the honor to be a Representative upon
this floor from a free State, the great Stateof New
York—a State somewhat important in this crisis
as regards men and money—and the district that
honored me by confidence is one made sacred by
the scenes of the Revolution; and no man can
boast a more true and loyal constituency. Our
people have not been surpassed by any in a
prompt and continued response to the call of their
country in her time of need; and we feel that we
have a right to uige respect for the memory and
institutions of our fathers. I stand not here, sir,
as the advocate of slavery; I have no love for,
or sympathy with, that institution in the abstract
—quite the contrary; but I remember that it was
introduced here by our fathers, and by them in-
grafted upon our Constitution; so that to each
State, as an independent sovereignty, was secured
the exclusive power and right to retain orabolish
the same within its own limits. I remember, too,
that our brethren of the slaveholding States have
it now as it was handed down to them byajustly
venerated ancestry; and,! wonder not that the
loyal men of those States, considering the present
condition of our distracted country and the cause,
arc jealous of their State rights, and sensitive to
any external efforts to interfere with them, when
they know, as we do, that there is no lawful power
or authority for any such assumption; and if they
are satisfied to trust to the inevitable necessities
of war such interests as are undeniably guarantied
to them by the organic law of the land, and so
obviously periled by the onward march ofarmies—
is it too much for them to ask that the unauthor-
ized theories and abstractions of other men should
be subjected to the same arbitrament?
If it is supposed that I speak warmly, I have
to say that I feel deeply—and the time and the
occasion demand it. It is my firm belief that if
abolitionism should rule the day, this war would
become one of extermination and death all over
the country; that "the blackness of darkness"
would overshadow the land, and the sun of liberty
go down in blood, thereby extinguishing the
hopes of freemen for a republican Government,
and obliterating all reasonable grounds for expect-
ing the permanent sovereignty of the people.
But let us not despair or despond. Let us trust
in God and the Administration which is given us
for this emergency. We have a right to suppose
it is firm and determined—let us believe it will
thus continue; and resolutely strive to do our duty
without assumption or arrogance, and trust to the
Administration theirs. Nodoubtif wc stand firm
in our efforts to protect and preserve our Consti-
tution and Government, in defiance of the ravings
of-madmen, or the machinations and treachery of
wicked ones, the Administration will help us. I
will go further and say, that I believe if we are so
facile as to yield to the rushing tide of fanaticism,
the Administration will still strive to save the
Union in spue of Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT. I purpose, Mr. Chairman, to
make a few remarks upon the objects of the war,
and what 1 conceive to be the just and proper
method of carrying it on. And it is also my pur-
pose, if I can, to take that middle, conservative
course, avoiding angry extremes, upon which we
must rely in our efforts not only to save the Con-
stitution, but to save the Union itself. I do not
rise, sir, for the purpose of indulgingm any angry
reflections towards any gentleman upon this floor.
This is not the time, nor the occasion, for an in-
dulgence of this kind.
I came here elected upon conservative princi-
ples; and I say to you, and I assure this House,
that I have not cast a solitary vote, since I have
been a member upon this floor, but what has ac-
corded with my own convictions of what was right
and proper to be done. I claim to be the repre-
sentative of my whole district. I was returned tc
this House by both political parties in my district.
Both political parties agreed upon a common plat-
form, and upon that platform I came here as their
Representative; and therefore, if there be an indi-
vidual member of this House who stands—if I
may use the expression—above politics, who
stands in a position to be solely governed by just
and proper influences at all times, it is myself.
I was elected as a Union man, and as a Union
man I am ready to stand or fall. There are no
party shackles upon my hands that shall divert
me from that true and consistent course that I
deem to be expedient and proper upon this most
momentous occasion.
I tried in vain the other day to obtain the floor
after the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
had concluded what I conceived to be—and he
will pardon me for using the expression—a speech
in which he used language and uttered sentiments
inconsistent with his position as a distinguished
man, and a member of the American Congress,
if the doctrine which the gentleman from Ohio
the other day proposed be carried out, which was
theuncondmonal emancipation of four millions of
slaves, I appeal to him in his moments of reflec-
tion, and when calmness and candor shall take
possession of his mind, whether he has power to
estimate the consequences that would follow a step
of that kind. The very idea of carrying out a
principle of that nature strikes a blow at the foun-
dation of your Government, and overturns that
vital source which gives life to it—I mean our
Constitution.
I am not, sir, an advocate of slavery; but I am
one of those who are willing to take the Consti-
tution as our fathers gave it to us. I am willing
to be governed by those landmarks which they
established and sealed with their blood. I am will-
ing to be confined within those limits which the
Constitution prescribes; hut I am not one of those
who are prepared to substitute any of those theories
which have been proposed here, and which go be-
yond the limits of the Constitution, and in viola-
tion of its spirit and letter.
