1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
lion of dollars to refund to this builder nil expend-
iture which he says he has already incurred. Lias
it been the habit of the legislature to settle bills
in that loose way heretofore? 1 understand that
there has been no examination as to the validity
of that claim. If a man came before you and pre-
sented a claim of §150, or ninety dollars, or ninety
cents, upon an allegation of services rendered to
the country in any way whatever, you would refer
it to a committee of this body, you would have
it examined into, and you would have a report
upon it before you ordered it to be paid. I un-
derstand that here is a proposition to appropriate
$250,000 to a claimant who simply says that he
lias expended that amount of money, and, in ad-
dition to that, to give him another sum which he
says is necessary to finish this boat.
Now, sir, it is possible that this boat will prove
a success if completed. I concede that there is a
possibility of it. The extraordinary thing is that
Senators, every one of whom tell us they do not
know anything about it; that they have no judg-
ment on it; that they rely upon no knowledge of
this kind of architecture; giving that account of
themselves, which authorized me to suppose they
would not invest §100 of their own money upon
any judgment they have upon tins matter, really
talk about their readiness to vote $750,000 out of
the pockets of the people upon a matter which
they disclaim having any knowledge about or any
fixed opinion about.
Now, let it be remembered, sir—and we must
remember it—that money does not come this year,
and will not next year, as it has come in years
before. You got money in the public Treasury,
and the people never knew how, and you paid it
out, and the people never knew where, and never
iared to ask. It is not going to be so hereafter.
These $750,000, or whatever the sum is, which
you propose to invest in this experiment to-day,
you have got to send your collectors throughout
the land, and draw directly on the pockets of the
oeople for. Hereafter we are going to be ques-
tioned as to the expenditure we make of the pub-
ic treasure. Hereafter our constituencies will
vant to know what we do with their money, and
we have got to tell them; and whatsoit of an an-
swer will you give them as to the disposition you
nave made of these $750,000? If it happens to
succeed, you will have a good answer to make:
but if it happens to fail, they will want to know
why you appropriated the money. They will
want to know if you know enough of naval ar-
chitecture to warrant you in voting for this. "No,
we did not know anything about it; we all said
said so at the time." " Had you ever seen or
heard of a boat of the kind"'" " No; there had
not been one built." "Who told you it would
succeed? Did the Secretary of the Navy:"
" No, he did not; he said nothing like it." " Did
the Naval Committee 5" " No; they told us, as
far as they said anything about it, that it would
not succeed." " Did any great mechanics, ship-
builders, or naval architects tell you it would suc-
ceed?" " No; we appointed a commission to ex-
amine the matter, and tell us whether it would or
not, and they told us it would not succeed." It
seems to me that this is a very unsatisfactory sort
of explanation to be given to the people as to the
disposition you have made of these $750,000.
Now, sir, §750,000, although it is a laige sum,
is a sum which individuals can command. It is
said by the Senator from Connecticut that this
builder himself is a man of immense fortune. He
either has or he has not faith in this tiling. He
has examined it; he lias slept upon it, I should
suppose; he believes in it or lie does not. If he
does believe in it 
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will allow me to
say that I did state that he was a man of fortune,
and he has expended of that fortune a large sum
■—nearly three hundred thousand dollars—of Ins
own money, showing his faith m the enterprise.
Mr. HOVVE. I hope the Senator from Con-
necticut is not mistaken in his supposition that
this builder has actually expended a quarter of a
million of dollars.
Mr. DIXON. Nobody doubts it.
Mr. HOWE. I never have seen the evidence
of it, and although I am not in the habit of dis-
puting propositions which I am not prepared to
urge in evidence against 
Mr. DIXON. Tile report states so.
Mr. HOWE. What report ?
Mr. DIXON. . The official report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It states it as Mr. Ste-
vens's assertion.
Mr. HOWE. I have not examined that report.
It is said that it is reported here on the statement
of the claimant himself. I understand that there
has been no examination of any such expendi-
ture, and if the Secretary has made any such state-
ment, he cannot have known anything about it;
he cannot have examined the vouchers; he can-
not have known the fact himself. Now, this is
what I was about to say; if he is a man of this
immense fortune, and backs it up by this immense
faith, he can command the means of completing
this boat.
Mr. TEN EYCK. For the purpose of giving
the information, I will state that I think my col-
league read this morning the report of a commit-
tee appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, who
reported as a fact that Mr. Stevens had advanced
that amount of money. It was read at the desk
this morning-
Mr. IIOWE. Those who are most familiar
with the record dispute about it. I will not take
any side in that debate. Let it stand as my friends
' front New Jersey and Connecticut state it; let
! it stand as reported here, that he has expended
$250,000. It is an enormous argument why he
: should command the means to complete the boat.
! There is no manner of doubt that if he can pro-
• duce a boat which will achieve what he prophe-
i sies of this, he can name his own figures. The
I Government is purchasing all such material and
paying liberally. He can command his own price,
i But to ask of a body like this, which claims to
I know nothing about the subject of which it is talk-
ing, to appropriate this sum of money in favor of
I a project not commended by anybody but the
• originator himself, and condemned by everybody
who has examined it, seems to me to be unwar-
rantable. Without undertaking to condemn this
i projcct. myself, I am like all the rest who have
preceded me m the deb;ue,lcnowmgnothing what-
ever about it, and it is because I do know nothing
about it that I shall vote to let the money remain
m the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we ought to set-
tle the question whether we can pass this bill to-
day or not. If not, I think we ought to meet
to-moriow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The motion cannot be entertained except by uuan-
! imous consent. The question before the Senate
! now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment moved by the Senator
i fiom New Hampshire.
; Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to modify my
amendment by adding to it the words " and such
! contract shall stipulate the time within winch the
1 vessel shall be completed "
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
: tent for the mover to modify his own amend-
; ment, and it is so modified.
S Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to the Sen-
: tor's amendment. I should be in favor of it if I
! could get nothing better, but I think its adoption
i! in its present foim will have a tendency to aid m
j! carrying the original proposition. If it could be
: so amended as to make the payment of any part
: of the money contingent upon the success of the
! thing, I should not object to it; but it is now in
!> such a shape that if it be adopted it will exclude
' any amendment afterwards to that effect; and for
j. that reason although it is an improvement on the
: original proposition, as it stands I shall vote
; against it because 1 think something better can be
i done.
I Mr. SUMNER. I should like to _ have the
• ' amendment of the Senator from Ohio in its present
!' foim read.
j1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
' monts will be read m their order, the original
i amendment proposed by the Senator from New
ji Hampshire and the amendment proposed by the
: Senator from Ohio to that amendment,
II The Secretary read the amendments.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. i wish simply to state to
'! the Senate that the original amendment of the
I' Senator fiom New Hampshire states what is not
!! the fact, that the amount of $783,294 is estimated
by the commission as necessary complete the
vessel. Thejr state no such thing. They state
that §554,858 is necessary to complete it. They
state that so much has been expended by the
Government, $500,000; so much by Mr. Stevens,
$228,435, and that $554,858 is necessary to com-
plete it. The amendment states that the commis-
sion say that $783,294 is necessary to compltete it.
They say no such thing. It is simply a propo-
sition which,inthatshape,paysMr. Stevens what
he says he has expended.
Mr. HALE. It is of course altogether a mat-
ter of taste for a man to express his dissent from
a proposition in such terms as he chooses. Some
put it in the shape of an absolute contradiction,
sounding like an impeachment of a man's vera-
city 
M r. FESSENDEN. I did not intend anything
of that sort. The Senator need not be sensitive.
Mr. HALE. I was only going to say that it
was put in that shape 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatisthefactany way.
Mr. HALE. It is repeated now more offens-
ively than it was said at first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will not take
the explanation.
Mr. HALE. There can be no mistake and no
misapprehension in regard to what the commis-
sion have reported, because they report the very
figures that have been stated by the committee,
and the language of the amendment was taken
from the report of the commission. It has been
explained over and over again in debate, and would
so be understood by reading the report, that the
sum named in the amendment proposed by the
committee is the sum necessary to complete the
vessel, paying to Mr. Stevens what he has already
advanced. If there had been any attempt at cov-
ering it up or concealing it, or if it had not been
stated over and overagain, there might have been
occasion for saying most emphatically that the
committee had stated what was not the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it there can be no
mistake about this matter. The amendmentsays
that the sum of $780,000, being the sum stated by
the commission as necessary to complete this ves-
sel, shall be appropriated. That is what it says,
in so many words. Now, what do the commis-
sion state? They state that the total cost of the
vessel complete, except stores, is estimated to be
$1,28.1,294; of this amount there has already been
paid by the Government $500,000; leaving yet to
be provided for $783,294. Of this latter sum Mr.
Stevens states that he has expended, from his own
resources, towards the completion of the ship,
$228,435 87; leaving as a representative of the
amount of work yet to be done $554,858 13.
Now, sir, as the amendment stands, nothing
being said about the amount to be paid to Mr.
Stevens for what he has done, it says distinctly
that the commission has reported that sum of
$783,294 as necessary to complete the vessel.
There should be no misunderstanding about it,
The result is simply that if we pass the proposi-
tion in the present shape, we complete the vessel
and pay over, on the statement of Mr. Stevens,
without proof, without explanation, without ex-
amination, what he states that he has expended,
$228,000. That is the result of it,
Mr. McDOUGALL. Cannot the Senatorfrom
Maine draw an amendment that will enable us to
have that account audited?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, TheChairwill
state to the Senate that the question now before
the body is the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, and it does not involve the
question embraced in the original amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There should be no diffi-
culty about the phraseology of ibis proposition.
If I understand it, the Government is called upon
to appropriate $554,000 to complete the vessel,
and also to appropriate $228,000 to reimburse
money already paid by Mr. Stevens, alleged to be
a private claim. The amendment offered by me
stipulates that the money that Mr. Stevens has
already invested in this vessel and that is now to
him a dead loss, shall not be reimbursed to him
unless the President shall be satisfied that the ves-
sel is a complete success as a war steamer, so that
under the operations of the provision as it stands
there cannot be paid more than the amount of
$554,000, unless the vessel proves to be a success-
ful experiment. In that event I think Mr. Ste-
vens ought to !>eamply reimbursed; but whether
