1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
405
I am also in favor of maintaining this war—for
we must now call it war—upon the sole issue upon
which it was inaugurated. I am willing to stand
by the principle which gave the war existence;
and any member of this body who would change
the piiuciple which inaugurated the policy of the
war, according to my humble conception, is not
following that rule of propriety which conscience,
reason, and judgment dictate.
What was the policy of the war? I refer you,
I refer the committee to that proclamation of the
President of the United States issued on the 15th
day of April last, calling out seventy-five thousand
men, in response to which six hundred thousand
men are to-day marshaled in the field. And I
want gentlemen on the other side to bear with mc
while I refer to a paragraph from that proclama-
tion-, which went out from the White House on
that day. I want the attention of gentlemen call-
ing themselves Republicans upon this floor, be-
cause it was enunciated as a part of their policy,
because it has been carried out by the man whom
(hey placed in power. I want them to adhere to
that policy; for it is to them i am talking to-day.
I. now ask the Clerk to read from that proclama-
tion the paragraph 1 have indicated.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'* Now. therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
•United Stales, in virtue of the power in me vested by the
•Constitution and the laws, have thought fit to call forth, and
lieieby do call forth, the militia ot the seveial States of the
Union, to the aggregate number of seventy-five thousand,
tn oider to suppicss said combinations, and to cause the
Jaws to bi* duly executed.
'• The details for this object will be immediately communi-
cated to the. State authorities through the YVai Department.
" I appeal to all loyal citizens to favor, facilitate, and aid
this eftoit to maintain the honor, the integrity, and the ex-
istence of our national Union, and the peipetuity of popu-
lar government, and to rediecs wiougs already long enough
endured.
" 1 deem it proper to say that the first service assigned to
the ioices hoieby called foith will piobably be to repossess
the ioitsi, places, and propeity which have been seized hom
the Union ; and in every event the utmost eaie will bo ob-
,m*i vod, consistently with the objects atoiesaul. to avoid any
ch1 vast,it ion, a n y dest i net ion of or inl crfercncc icithpi opcrty,
or any disturbance of peacelul citizens in any pan ol the
country.'1'
Mr. WRIGHT. There, Mr. Chairman, js the
lirst summons that went out from the American
Government in regaid to the objects and design
of this war when the first demand for troops was
made, I wish Republican gentlemen ofthisHousc
to tell me what the President means by this lan-
guage:
<i In every event, the utmost care will be observed, con-
sistently witli the objects aforesaid, to avoid any devastation,
any destination ot or interference untk ptopcih), or any dis-
turbance of peaceful citizens in any part ol the country."
What did the President mean by alleging, when
he called a military force into the field, Unit there
should be no mterfeicnce whatever with property
of any kind ? Sir, if he meant anything, he meant
that this question of slavery agitation should be let
alone; or, in his own language, that there should
be no intei ference with property. If you adopt
the doctrines advanced by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr.Bingham] in lusplaccafewdayssince,
ond declare that four millions of slaves shall be
manumitted and set free, you do interfere with the
rights of property, and yoirdooppose the Execu-
tive proclamation. A gentlenun the otligr day—
X do not remember who it was—made use of this
remarkable oxpiession, tlmtthe President " meant
well." I say to the gentleman who uttered that
sentiment, that the President of the Utiited States
not only *" meant well," but that he acted well.
He acted well when he declared to the American
people, before bringing out tins vast army, that
its object was to put down rebellion, and to let the
question of piopcrty alone where the Constitution
placed it. Therefore, gentlemen must not say that
the President not only means well, but they must
excuse me in saving that he has acted well.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman permit
me to sav a word?
Mr. WRIGHT. I would rather not be inter-
rupted. I have some connected thoughts on this
subject which I want to present to the House.
After I get through, the gentleman may ask me as
many questions as he likes to; for I do not intend
to occupy an hour.
Mr. Chairman, the next thing that was done in
the process of time, defining the object of the war,
was the adoption of the resolutions offered m this
House by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] upon the 4th of July last. When
Congress assembled in these halls there had not,
up to that period of time, been any disposition on
the part of any man to change the issue upon
which this war had been inaugurated; but, sir,
upon the 22dday of July, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and with only two dissenting voices,
there were passed certain resolutions submitted
by the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and what was the character
and nature of those resolutions? They received an
almost unanimous vote of this House of Repre-
sentatives. Those resolutions declared that this
war is not waged upon our part in any spirit of
oppression or purpose to overthrow or interfere
with the rights or established institutions of the
southern States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Union with all the dignify, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired; and that, as soon
as these objects arc accomplished, the war ought
to cease. There was the platform upon which the
members of this House sustained this war. It
was not to be a war of conquest. It was not to
be a war of subjugation. No; it was to be a war
to put down this rebellion and to suppress this
insurrection.
In reply to a gentleman near me, I will say that
neither the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam]
nor the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] voted on those resolutions.
They were resolutions declaring that the object
of the war was to put down rebellion, while at the
same time the rights of property should be re-
spected. So this House almost unanimously re-
solved upon the day after the disaster upon the
plains of Manassas. There is not a gentleman
here who does not have a fresh and vivid recol-
lection of the day after thatdisastrous battle. We
met here upon the 29d of July in this House, and
thegeneral feeling was one of sadness and sorrow—
one of distrust for the existence of the Govern-
ment—a question of life and death; and if there
was a time since the establishment of the Republic
when wise men should come together in counsel
and the hearts of patriots should beat iivunison,
it was upon that very day whtrfi those resolutions
weie biought up; with two dissenting voices ex-
cepted, they received the unanimous assent the
House of Representatives.
Up to that point, then, there had been no change
of policy in reference to the prosecution of the
war. Those resolutions embodied the piinciple
upon which the war was inaugurated, to wit: to
put down rebellion, and not to manumit slaves,
and to set them loose upon the community—four
millions of iUiteroie, and I may almost say half-
baibarous people, without any means of support,
leaving the Government to take care of them, or
the people to guard themselves against their in-
ioads. Yes, sir, the nd opt ion of the principle con-
tended for by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] would lay waste the fair State of Kentucky.
Its adoption would strike from the charter of our
liberties Maryland and Western Virginia,and the
State of Missouri. Why, then, will gentlemen
contend for carrying out an idea which strikes at
the homes and hearthstones of as loyal men as
exist in the Union this very day? Let it be the
policy of the Government to carry out the Critten-
den resolutions, and I firmly believe, Mr. Chair-
man, that the Union is safe; but if you make this
a war of slave emancipation, as God is my judge,
I believe that the Government is irretrievably
gone. This is no war foi slave emancipation; it is
to put down rebellion and treason; to save a great
and mighty republic from overthrow and uiin.
My venerable friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Wickliffe] infoims mc that the resolutions I
have referred to passed the Senate as well as the
House. If that be so, if they have passed both
branches of the national Legislature, then Con-
gress and the President have acted in concert and
with great fidelity of purpose.
What will be the effect, Mr, if you change the
policy of the war, and make it a war ot negro
emancipation? The six hundred thousand men
m the field this day, enlisted with the pledge of
the Government that they were brought into the
field to save the Union by crushing out as unholy
a rebellion as ever disgraced the history of a na-
tion. When the President issued his proclama-
tion that the Government was in danger, and called
for troops to preserve it, all of the loyal States
responded promptly. Change the policy of this
war at this time, and, in my judgment, the effect-
ive force of that Army would be weakened—in-
deed, it would be demoralized if the war were made
a war of emancipation. I venture to say that there
are hundreds and thousands, who compose the-
rank and file of that Army, who would leave it
just as soon as they were informed that its-mis*
sion was not to put down rebellion, but to eman-
cipate slaves. The great State of Pennsylvania,
which I have the honor in part to represent, has
sent more troops into the field than any other
State. She has far exceeded her quota. She has
one hundred thousand men in the field. In our
Army of six hundred thousand men every fourth
man is a Perfnsylvanian; and of that one hundred
thousand Pennsylvanians, I venture to say there
are not three thousand who went into the field
with any other impression than that they were to
carry out the principles of the President's proc-
lamation and of the resolutions of Congress, to*
which I have referred. Why, then, departfrom
them ? What good reason is there for so doing?
Mr. POTTER. Letmeaskthe gentleman from
Pennsyhania a question. I would like to know
whether the troops who left the field on the day of
the battle of Bull Run left under that same im-
pression ? [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. They were only in
advance of certain members of Congress. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. McPHERSON. The Pennsylvanians
showed how they could do their duty at Drains-
ville.
Mr. WRIGHT. If any troops left the field on
the day of a battle I am not here to justify them.
I do not stand here to be their apologist. If they
went into the field it was their duty to have re-
mained there, and to have defended the flag of the
Republic. I say that the one hundred thousand
men who are in arms to-day from the State of
Pennsylvania are as loyal to the Governmentand
as brave men as arc mustered into the United
States service from any State; and they have gone
into this war for the purpose of saving the Union
and the Constitution. It is the battles of the white
mnn that they are enlisted to fight, and not the
battles of the black man. They.arefor the prin-
ciple of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation and Critten-
den's resolutions. As I have said, I had no part
in the elevation of Mr. Lincoln to the Executive
chair. Ho was not my nominee; he did not re-
ceive my vote. I had no hand in his elevation.
I assert, however—and I spe&k it not only to the
House but to the world—that I believe Abraham
Lincoln has a patriotic heart in his body; and as
long as he pursues the measures he has intro-
duced in reference to the managementof this war,
and the object which he gives for bringing men
into the field, I am ready to stand by himandsus-
tain him, because, in doing that, I stand by the
Constitution and the country.
I am one of those who think not only that he
"means well," but theyt ho acts well. He acted
well when he issued his proclamation stating that
his object was to put down the rebellion and to
respect the rights of property. He acted well
when he reiterated the same principle in his mes-
sage nt the meeting of this Congress. And I refer
you to a clause in that message. He says:
"I have, thercfoie, in every ea^e, thought it proper to
keep the integuty of tlie Union pionunent, as the primary
ohjict of the contest upon out part, leaving the questions
winch arc not of vital nnhtaiy importance to the more
deliberate action of the Legislature."
He says further:
u I have been anxious and careful that the inevitable con-
flict for this purpose shall notdegenejate into a violent and
remoracle&s rcvolutionaiy struggle."
When Abraham Lincoln penned that paragraph
he not only " meant well,!'but he wrote well, and
enunciated a principle and a sentiment which he
will be justified in before the American people.
It should not be a " remorseless revolutionary
snuggle." J say, sir, that Abraham Lincoln
acted well when he sent supplies to Fort Sumter
in the caily pat t of this sti nggle, and I justify him
in the act which lie did then; and, ill fact, so far
ns regards the prosecution of the war and the ob-
ject which brought it into existence, he lias uni-
formly not only "meant well,''but uniformly
acted well. And that is the reason why he is re-
ceiving at this time the support of the conservative
ij menofthe nation everywhere. i do not, of course,
11 include that cl^ss of men who declare that the
