1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
means intended to be supplied by that bill, the
Republic must lay down its arms in front of its
energies. And as the gentleman from Indiana
would neither vote for that bill nor propose any-
thing else to support the army in the field, his
course admits of but one explanation. He does
not intend that that army shall be sustained
through any agency of his.
But, sir, if we were left in doubt by the course
of the gentleman in this Hall, he has removed all
doubt with the country. Simultaneously with his
opposition to all supplies to the army in the field,
and the preparation of his late sperch attacking
the Administration for its course in the midst of
this gigantic rebellion, he has, with others,issued
an address to the country containing what of coun-
sel and of aid he can afford lo give in this peiil-
ous crisis. By all the rules of law, the speech I
have been commenting .on, the Democratic ad-
dress, as it is called, and the course of the gentle-
man in this House m opposition to supplies must
be construed together as one instrument. Turn-
ing, then, to that address, we find that the gentle-
man from Indiana can promise nothingunless what
he calls the Democratic party is restored to power,
and that, too, upon its old tack and policy—a pol-
icy which brought this country into this civil war,
a policy shaped by the very men who have begot-
ten and reared this rebellion, repudiating the rule
of the majority, the corner-stone of a free Govern-
ment. It was under this policy that the leaders
of that party, with whom the gentleman affiliated,
boasted that for forty years they had governed the
country through its instrumentality, and then they
deliberately seek the overthrow of the Government
they could no longer rule. Without amendment,
improvement, or alteration in that policy, the gen-
tleman from Indiana proposes it as a remedy for
the present state of things. Can he give any good
reasons why, if we go back to that policy, we
should not take back also the men who shaped it?
The gentleman's political affiliations did not call J
on him to repudiate or denounce these men when |
they openly declared that they would dissolve tins
Union if they could not control a presidential elec-
tion. Why should they now be repudiated when
only attempting whatthey threatened openly when
in full fellowship? No artifice or sophistry can
blind the eyes of the people. The gentleman from
Indiana would fain believe that the only question
he will be asked is, " how this debt became so
great?" I tell him that quite another question he
will have fiistto answer: " How came it upon
us at all?" Just in proportion as the burdens of
this war shall press upon us will this question be
pressed also for an answer.
Be it true or not that this war will take, as he
thinks it will, " every sixth acre of land, every
sixth ox, every sixth horse, every sixth sheep,
every sixth hog, and every sixth dollar," does he
think that the intelligent voter, as this iron enters
his soul, will part with alt these and fail to inquire
the cause of it all? Does he flatter himself that
any such voter will forget in what political school
were reared the men who have brought ail this
upon the country5 Docs he hope that so long as
all this shall he remembered men of that school
will be again trusted with power? I tell him that
grievous as these burdens are, bitter as is the cup
of woe the people are drinking, if there is any-
thing upon which they are resolved, it is never to
drink it but once. They will so end this war that
it shall never begin again. They will put 10 rust
its guilty authois and its guilty cause. They will
never go back to that rule or policy which, after
forty years of trial, has left the nation in the
throes of dissolution. J teil him that the party
rattle he has sounded will fail to rally around the
unchanged dogmas and teachings of any party
bearing such fruit, the men who think, and the
men who love their country.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM next addressed the
committee. [His remarks will be published m
the Appendix.]
Mi'. VOOPvIIEES obtained the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I asked the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me two or three times. He yielded
to everybody except myself, and I told him I de-
sired to say a word before he got through.
Mr. VOORHEES. I cannot yield if I am en-
titled to the floor. . .
Mr. COLPAX. If my colleague insists upon
cuttin'" me off irom the floor after what I have
stated, I shall rest content.
Mr. VOORHEES. If my colleague puts his
claim upon that ground, I shall nol shut him off.
If the gentleman wants some of my time 
Mr. COLPAX. No, sir; I do not want it taken
out of your time, but out of that of the gentleman
from Ohio, who told me, while speaking, ho would
yield after a while. I asked the gentleman from
Ohio to yield because he was making his entire
speech upon a financial calculation which was un-
sound at the base. He predicated the whole of his
figures upon the assumption that because, when
the Army in time of peace numbered eighteen
thousand, the Army expenses were $18,000,000
per year, therefore it followed that the cost of
every soldier now, as well as then, was $1,000 a
year on the average. I desired to draw his atten-
tion to facts which utterly upset his figures, that
when this calculation of the expense of $1,000
a year was made, there was incladed in the cal-
culation the cost of the fortifications which were
built in various parts of the country. All the
military expenses of the Government were charged
ill the account of expenses of the War Depart-
ment, as I have been informed.
But, at any rate, bear in mind that a large por-
tion of that small Army was in California, Utah,
New Mexico, Texas, and at other remote points,
where the cost of transportation and supplies was
extremely high. But when you have your Army
massed,.as it is now, a hundred thousand in one
place, and a hundred thousand in another, where
the sources of supplies are close to them, the ex-
penses of each soldier are not $1,000 a man, nor
anything like it. As this assumption was at the
bottom of his calculations I desired to interrupt him
and show him the incorrectness of his statement.
One thing more I must refer to. It is the mir-
acle of the nineteenth century that the credit of our
country has been maintained as it lias been, in the
midst of this intestine war, even when the gen-
tleman from Ohio seeks to make the public under-
stand that the expenses are far greater than the
official figures prove them to be. No other in-
stance can be shown ill the' world's history like
this, of the credit of a country engaged in war—
especially in civil war, which shakes public con-
fidence much more than a foreign war—going up
and up, until to-day, in the midst of these ex-
penses, ill spite of war and treason, it is above par.
Even in spite of the reverses during the past week,
in spite of the reverses which were rumored yes-
terday, 1 hold in my hand the report of the stock
market in Wail street, the barometer of financial
fluctuation, which shows how firm is our credit,
how deep and abiding the public confidence.
And 1 desire to say also to the gentleman that
no attacks upon the Administration, no attempt
to convince the public that the expenses of the
war are greater than they suppose, no attempt
which seems intended to lnipaii our public credit,
can shake the confidence of the people in the Gov-
ernment; because they have determined to carry
on this war to a successful and triumphant close,
until the stars and stripes shall wave over every
foot of our public domain. But look at the^state
of the stock market, which I give from the Even-
ing Post, after the knowledge of the reverses on
the Shenandoah, which all of us here supposed
would cause a panic in the stock market;
<• Wall street is ealin and self-reliant, the startling news
fiom the Potomac pioducina littles effect upon stocks or
money mattets. On the first impulse tlieie was considera-
ble pii's-iiie to sell stocks before the boaid, hut as, business
pioceeded an astonishingly eahn teeing obtained, and lo -
watds the close prices leeovercd lieaily ail tile decline of
the morning."
Let me add one thing more. When this Ad-
ministration came into the power, they found that
just before their inauguration, Mr. Buchanan's ad-
ministration had failed to borrow the money needed
for the actual currentexpenses, at twelve percent,
interest per year. Aftei public advertisement the
piofleis of loans ranged from twelve to thirty-six
per cent. Depressed to this low ebb was_our
credit when Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated. Now,
with an Administration in which the people have
confidence, our ciedit, instead of drooping, as has
that of every other nation in war, has lisen higher
and higher, till our bonds are above par, despite
our heavy expenses and increasing debt; and the
Government can bonow all they need at five per
cent, or less. It is because the people are m earn-
est, because they aie determined to stand by their
Government, and because they are resolved to
carry through this war successfully to the end.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So far as the mere
credit of the Government is concerned, I beljevft
that I have done quite a? much Jo sustain" it as the
gentleman from Indiana; for, I rpmeipbel\-welt
some scenes in this House, in which he was-a.
prominent actor, in the month of July, 1861. . I'
voted squarelyagainst the tax bill of the extra,
sion, but the gentleman from Indiana, I believe,
did not, though he manifested no small anxiety
to evade the vote. 1 voted for the resolution of
the present session, pledging Congress to raise
$150,000,000 by taxation. '
Mr. COLFAX. I voted for the tax bill m'o'jst
cordially,as a duty.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And yet I remerji-
ber very well the rebuke which was administered
—I do not say how justly—to the gentleman by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, at the extra session, for his hesitation to
vote for it.
Mr. COLPAX. The gentleman from Indiana
received no rebuke. The gentleman is entirely "
mistaken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let the recqr*
prove who is right. 1 voted for the resolytioft
pledging the faithof Congress to raise §150,000,000
by taxation; but I voted against the tax bill of'hs
present session, because its details did not satisfy
mo, and, indeed, were most obectionable, espe-
cially to the West; and I venture to say that it
would not to-day receive, by one third, the sup-
port which it had then. Why is it delayed so
long in the Senate? Why is there so much re-
luctance in passing it there ? Why is it that the
only Republican who voted against it has since
been so jubilant over bis vote, while some, at least,
of his colleagues who voted for it have been re-
pining in envy over his good fortune?
Before the 4th of March, 18G3, when the truth
shall have been eviscerated from the records of the
Departments of the Treasury and War, I propose
to reply at length to the speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and the sug-
gestions of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax.] Just now, however, I desire to ex-
pressly deny that the estimate of the Army ex-
penses at $1,000 a man, in former years, included
fortifications, and for that I have high authority
near me. But hereafter I shall recur to this whole
subject more fully and with more minuteness.
Mr. VOORHEES. I propose to detain the
House very briefly in reply to what has fallen
from the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] In thcremarks I submitted to the House
and to the country last week, I had but one pur-
pose in view; and 1 think I shall convince this
House of that fact before the close of to-day. I
had but the single purpose of giving to the people
of this country, from the best lights before me,
information which they were entitled to; 1 had
but the single purpose lo show the people of this
country whatthey were to be called upon to meet;
I had but the single purpose to show how far
power was being abused, and how authority with
which men were clothed by the people was being
used here in the Halls of legislation, and by the
Executive of this country.
E have always understood it to be the first duty
of freemen, the duty of one who is worthy the
name and form of an American citizen, to stand
fairly up and withdraw the cover, and let the
people see what they are to meet in coming tiflje.
For this I am subjected, with what taste 1 leave
the House to judge, on the part of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, in the close of his remarks,
to those stale insinuations, those worn out and
thread-bare innuendoes, which aie used towards
those bearing the political faith I do. Talk to me
about halting and hesitating in the discharge ot
public duty f Let some other man than a member
from Massachusetts lecture me upon this floor
upon that subject; let some oth«r than aman from
Massachusetts lecture a man from Indiana in re-
gard to the prompt discharge.oXxluty to his coun-
try. It has not been thftlf-'six, forty-eiglit, or
fifty hours since the Governor of Massachusetts
gave a halting message to the country, clogging his
patriotism with conditions, infamous to him, in-
famous to the State, and infamous to the character
| of American citizens; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts stands here to-day looking for the
mote in iny eye, instead of plucking the beaflj
from the eye of Massachusetts.
When any Dempsrstic governor o/ these Uoi-
