1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States. We beseech you, leave Missouri, leave
Kentucky, leave Tennessee, and go into the re-
bellious territories. If Halleck's army is not able
to break through their serried ranks, add enough
men to Halleck's army, and let them go. If we
desire to defend this capital, defend it; but do not
keep the whole Army here in defense of the cap-
ital. We had better remove from the capital the
archives of the Government—remove them to the
city of Boston, if you please, and turn the Army
loose in this country, and resolve to march even
to the Gulf of Mexico. As long as you keep your
armies upon our borders, the rebels accomplish
their design. Their object in the beginning was
to build up a confederacy of the cotton States.
They never wanted Kentucky; they never wanted
Tennessee; they never wanted Western Virginia
or Maryland. Every border State man knows
from his conferences with those gentlemen in years
past that they never would receive us.
Why did they pretend that they desired us?
Why did they say they wanted us to go with them?
To make us, in the language of Mr. Yancey, forti-
fications for them. It was to keep up the internal
warm Missouri and Kentucky, and in Tennessee,
to divide their population, to divide even men in
the northern States, and 4.0 keep our armies just
as they have been in the border States—destroy-
ing our property, bringing on ill feeling, bringing
all the terrors of war upon us; and by the time
their armies were conquered, together with the
disloyal men driven fiom our States, ourfinancial
condition would be such that we would be com-
pelled to acknowledge their independence. They
hope by the destruction of theirown cotton, which
they thought would regulate and control matters
in Europe, and by keeping our armies at bay in
the border States, that theyj would go unscathed,
and that hereafter they could build up a confed-
eracy commanding the mouth of the Mississippi,
commanding the Gulf of Mexico and the southern
Atlantic, commanding the gieat liveis of the West,
and then they could pay their debt, by levying
contributions on western commerce. Everybody
knows what their object was; and yet they have
never been touched by the horrors of war.
Sir, it is not confiscation that is going to enable
you to do it. Suppose that you send forth your
iulmmations, your proclamations from the capi-
tal, declaring that all property is confiscated. Is
it so? The object is not accomplished; the deed
is not done. Why pass your laws saying that
negroes may be armed, if you cannot get to the
negroes ? Just so long as you keep your armies
divided, they will attack you upon the Napoleonic
system, massing troops together and destroying
you in detail upon the borders. Sir, Missouri,
Kentucky, and Tennessee will yet prove to be
the grave of your northern men, and hereafter,
when you come to build your 'monuments to
northern bravery and chivalry, you will have to
build them upon our soil, and not upon the soil of
the southern gentlemen who have brought about
this rebellion.
- Therefore, sir, I say, unite this army, and let
it march with sufficient force to oppose any army
they can bring to bear. That is what we want.
Then, go on levying your contributions. As I
said, if you are afraid of the capital, take away
your archives, and turn your armies loose, and
tell them to go. There is no use of undertaking
to protect Missouri. Let us protect ourselves.
Go along into the southern confederacy, and their
armies will be called home to defend their own
States, and they will not annoy us. Whenever
you enter North Carolina and Alabama and Geor-
gia, no southern armies will be found m Kentucky.
Mr. CARLILE. We have been in North. Car-
olina for a year.
Mr. HENDERSON. You have been in North
Carolina just having land enough to bury your
dead. Sir, that willnotdo; itis not sufficient. So
you have been in South Carolina; so you have been
in Mississippi; you have had the flag floating in
them all; butscarcelyland enough to bury the dead
who die of disease. That will not do. You must
go into these territories; march over them; let
them feel that this is war, levying your contri-
butions and subsisting your arniy upon them.
Let us of the border States be*relieved of the hor-
rors of this war. Until you advance your armies
they will raise guerrilla bands. They are at it
in Kentucky now; they are at it in '.Tennessee.
They can raise four, five, and ten thousand men
3347
around you in a night, and the first thing you
know a regiment will be taken solid, as a Michi-
gan regiment was taken the other day. Thiity
or forty or fifty will be sacrificed in a night. In
that way they expect to delay your armies until
yourfinancial condition will force you to acknowl-
edge their independence; and then they will fall
back, and say they have accomplished all they
ever designed, a confederacy of seven or eight
States lying on the Gulf of Mexico, and they will
tell you they said to border State gentlemen, we
did not want you in the beginning of the contro-
versy.
That is the character of the changc that ought
to be made in the administration of the war, and
I know of none other. We ought to gather our
armies and march on irrespective of the territory
behind us. You are afraid that the loyal men in
Missouri will be hurt; you are afraid that if you
leave there and go down into Arkansas, or into
Louisiana and Texas, and leave nobody for our
defense in Missouri, they will march up into Mis-
souri, get around our armies and hurt us. You
are afraid of the loyal men in Kentucky being
hurt; you are afraid of the loyal men in Tennes-
see being hurt. Sir, we do nof ask you to remain
near us. Go on with your Army upon these seven
or eight cotton States, and leave us, and we will
defend ourselves against them. But we know we
shall have no defense to make. The moment you
enter their territories their armies will become con-
centrated, and we shall be freed of the guerrilla
bands and bushwhackers who are taking our piop-
erty and sacrificing the lives of our best men every
night. 'That is what we want, and that is the
change of policy we have desired. We do not
want your paper bulletins here. We want a few
more men; we want a few more regiments; we
want your armies massed together in sufficient
force to march through the southern confederacy.
1 do not care what direction you take; but go
thiough the heart of their country. Make them
feel that there is war existing; make them feel that
if they are to be protected atall, it is by thepower
of the Federal Government, and not by this de facto
confederate government. Whenever you have
done that, this rebellion closes; and until you do
that it will never close.
Sir, if this policy is pursued much longer, if we
keep our armies divided, and these men, by de-
stroying their cotton, show to the civilized world
a determination,and notonlyadetermination but
an ability to maintain themselves, European Gov-
ernments will interfere in our affairs in a short
time, and demand at our hands peace for the good
of the world. We have delayed too long, I admit
with the Senator from Indiana. It is not in con-
sequence of legislative decrees, but in consequence
of bad management of the armies; and when I say
that I say this mismanagementhasproceeded from
the best motives in the world. It has proceeded
from a desire to protect us in the border States. I
am thankful to the Administration, I am thankful
to northern men for their kindness in protecting
us; but I would say, drop all your ideas about
this negro controversy; let it go by the board;
drop your controversies about confiscation; go
upon their territories; subsist your armies; take
whatever is necessary to put down the rebellion;
pursue this policy in one State; that in another;
whatever may be considered as essential to put it
down; and when you have done that, when you
have established thefiagof thecountry upon every
hill-top and in every valley in the southern States,
you can return back and say that the lebeliionis
suppressed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the tem-
per and tone of the remarks of my honorable friend
from Missouri meet my most cordial approbation;
and the fact that he speaks so confidently to-day
about the people of Missouri and Kentucky and
some other border States, is to me a matter of most
sincere congratulation. But, sir, I do not agree
with him entirely. I do not agree to all the criti-
cism which we have so often heard here, that the
policy of the Administration in the management
of our armies has been either so mistaken, so un-
military, or so destitute of foresight and general-
ship as I hear it very often said.
Sir, let us go back a little in the history of this
thing. In the beginning, had the policy of con-
centrating all our forces been pursued, how long
could Missouri have held out against the designs
of the secessionists if no Federal army had been
sent tOxSt. Louis or to Springfield ? So in relatio*
to Kentucky. If the armed forces of the Federal
Government, and in large numbers, too, had not
been sent into Kentucky, who could say that,
through the efforts of the secessionists, Kentucky
would not have been within their power to-day in
spite of the loyal citizens of that State? Had our
Army been concentrated, as gentlemen now say
it should have been, at one point, at Washington
or in South Carolina or in North Carolina, where
would the valley of the Mississippi have been
now ? I tell you, sir, that, upon the whole, there
has been a masterly use of the forces of the Uni-
ted States upon the Mississippi river, in Missouri,
Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Louisiana;
in sending, at the same time, troops enough into
South Carolina to take possession of its harbors
to shelter our vessels; in sending,at the same time,
troops enough to the Gulf of Mexico to seize all
its harbors, to give protection to our armed ves-
sels necessary to enforce the blockade; in sending
troops, also, into North Carolina, seizing all-her
seaport towns, giving protection to our ships, and
enforcing the blockadeagainst this rebellion there;
in keeping, all the while, a large body of troops
in Maryland to sustain her loyal people, and to
keep down and awe into subjection every element
of secession there; and in maintaining, at the samp
time, a large body of troops to defend Washing-
ton, the capital of the United States, which, for a
long time, was m danger of being seized by the
confederates—it is by pursuing such a policy, by
sending our troops upon different points at the
same time to seize upon the Mississippi, to seize
upon theGuif and Atlantic coasts, to defend Wash-
ington, that we have obtained time for the loyal
sentiment of Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and
Maryland to rise up to the point that their rep-
resentatives here can now, to the pride and joy of
my heart, declare that they are all able to defend
themselves against the secessionists and rebels in
arms.
Sir, I do not say that in every respect the con-
duct of the armies of the United States has been
satisfactory. From what I now know, 1 believe
that the army of the Potomac, in December last,
if the same vigor and energy which inspired the
western army in opening the Mississippi and tak-
ing the rebel strongholds of Tennessee had con-
trolled it, might have captured the army at Ma-
nassas. I do not doubt that. But, sir, it was not
done. Although it has not been done, although
it ought to have been done, still I am not one of
those who can look back over the last year's his-
tory, during which we have organized an immense s
Army and Navy almost from nothing; during
which we have recovered our rightful supremacy
over territories larger than the kingdoms that talk
about intervention from Europe; larger than the
kingdom of France, three times as Jarge as Great
Britain; during which we have opened the great
valley of the Mississippi—that river which more
than all things binds this Union together. As long
as we hold the Mississippi, from its sources to
its mouth, this Union cannot be dissolved. Our
friends who live down in the little States of New
England may regard southeastern Virginia, this
side of the Alleghany mountains, and North and
South Carohnaas of very great importance. Why,
sir, if we were ten years subjugating that country
to the supremacy of the Constitution, it would be
us nothingcompared withholding the valley of the
Mississippi to the Gulf of Mexico, thus binding
the Union together forever from North to South.
Sir, tell me that nothing has been done ! The his-
tory of this world has never shown a parallel.
I do not say this to show that I approve of the
policy that has been pursued in all things. After
events have transpired all see, or think they see,
wherein mistakes have occurred. 1 could wish
there had been a more vigorous policy; but I beg
to say to my fiiends here, let us have a little more
patience. Let us wait. God is wiser than we are.
It is said the " mills of God grind slowly," but
they grind exceeding fine. Wait a little; do not
manifest so much of this impatience; the time is
coming. Already is America the mother of lib-
erty; but she did not yield all her offspring at a
single birth.
The Revolution and the seven years war with
Great Britain which followed vvas her first partu-
rition. During* that long period of throes and
pains and agony and blood, she gave her first-born
birth—liberty, ay, liberty-—but it wos liberty for
