406
TH$ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Constitution is a " league with death and a cov-
enant with hell." If he received the approbation
and counten*nce of men who adopt such heretical
opinions, I could'not myself be a supporter of Lin-
coln in this great and trying emergency. Nor can
gentlemen justify themselves by bringing before
the country the frauds that have been practiced in
the Departments of the Government, and attempt
to make capital outof it, when a great prominent
issue is before the country. Your constituencies
will not stop to inquire how yon have cast your
votes in regard to frauds and speculations. You
do not justify yourselves upon an issue of that
kind. There is but one great abiding and pow-
erful issue to-day, and that is the issue whether
the country and the Constitution shall be saved,
or whether it shall be utterly and entirely anni-
hilated?
Gentlemen have gone so far—I do not stop to
inquire whether or not they are in this House—
upon this question of negro slavery, that if the
question were put to them, whom will you have
delivered to you to-day? they would say, "Bar-
rabas," the negro; crucify the white man. I do
not make the charge against gentlemen upon this
floor; but I say there arc fanatics throughout the
length and breadth of this land who would adopt
that as the cardinal and ruling idea of their lives.
I would go far to protect the interest of the black
man, but I have in my mind an overwhelming sen-
timent and opinion which leads me first to stand
by the Constitution and the country; knowingthat
by standing by the Constitution and the country
I not only protect the interests of twenty-five
millions of white men, but also four millions of
blacks. Gentlemen will not understand me as
apologizing for slavery. Do not understand me
that I would extend it one inch beyond the terri-
tory winch it now occupies; but that, at the pres-
ent time, and in the present emergency, I would
go for that line of policy which would leave the
confiscation of property to the great emergencies
as they arise. You cannot lay down a rule for
the conduct of your Army in regard to this par-
ticular, unless you change the entire line of policy
which was adopted in the inauguration of the war.
I defy the Hous^, I defy the national Legislature,
1 defy the generals in command, to lay down a
line of policy that is to be pursued upon tins
question of shivery that shall mete out equal and
exact justice everywhere. Therefore, let 'the
emergency of the occasion provide for itself. Let
the Government furnish men; let the Government
furnish money; let the Government commission
intelligent generals, and that is far enough to go
m relation to policy.
Suppose you adopt the policy of negro eman-
cipation, that slaves everywhere are to be eman-
cipated, you weaken and paralyze the strong arm
of the military power of the country; you do in-
justice to the loyal men in tin; country, in Mis-
souri, in Kentucky, in Western Virginia, m Mary-
land; because, although they are represented upon
this floor, and although they are loyal men, yet
they still have that species of property which the
Constitution says we shall protect them in. And
so long as they are loyal men, I am one of those
who are in favor, to the utmost, of protecting them
in the enjoyment of their property. And so the
President of the United States said, when he sent
out his proclamation calling men into service to
defend the Government—not to emancipate slaves,
and not to interfere in regard to the rights of prop-
erty. All, therefore, that I have to ask of gen-
tlemen who pursue extreme measures upon the
other side of the House is to stand by the policy
laid down by the Executive of the nation, a man
whom they have put into power. And of those
gentlemen and Representatives from the State of
Pennsylvania—and they are numerous upon the
other side of the Chamber—let me ask if they do
not believe that Pennsylvania is not conservative
to-day; that Pennsylvania is in favor of sustain-
ing the Constitution to-day? The great heart of
Pennsylvania is beating to-day for the cause of
the Union. There is with her no question of sla-
very; it is a question of national existence, of life
or death. 1 have no censure to cast upon my
colleagues. I only appeal to them to stand by me
upon the conservative principles that President
Lincoln has laid down in regard to the manner of
carrying on this war, and to stand by the princi-
ples upon which the war became an absolute ne-
cessity. ' - ,
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot well refuse the re-
quest.
Mr. KELLEY. Do you believe that any one
of the hundred thousand soldiers of Pennsylvania
would prove false to his oath and loyalty if the
result of this war would be to give'to some poor
mother the ownership of her own babe; if its
result should be  
Mr. DIVEN. Is this to be a speech?
Mr. KELLEY. A single question only. •
Mr. BINGHAM. It is too late for the gentle-
man from New York to object.
Mr. KELLEY. A single question. If the
effect of this war- 
Mr. DIVEN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 am not speaking of the
effect of the war.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow me
to conclude my question?
Mr. DIVEN. A question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to his colleague ^
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the gentleman will
not consume much of my time.
Mr. DIVEN. Will the Chair hear the ques-
tion of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will.
Mr. DIVEN. Mypointof orderis, that when
one member has the floor assigned to him he can-
not yield it to another for the purpose of making
a speech, if objection be made.
Mr. KELLEY. He yields to a single inquiry,
and not to a speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman can yield only for an explanation,
or an inquiry.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask whether the gentleman
believes that the people of Pennsylvania will re-
pudiate the war if one of its results be to give sig-
nificance to the words parent, child, home, family,
and country to some poor man whose Saxon
father's spirit chafes under the servitude their
darker sdcin entails upon them?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will inform my respected col-
league from Pennsylvania that the father, mother,
brother, sistei, child of the white race are a thou-
sand times dearer to me than the inferior caste of
black men. [Applause in the galleries.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
if there is any further interruption of the orderly
proceedings of the House by the galleries, he will
order them to be cleared.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope they will be cleared
now.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will also inform my worthy
colleague from my own State that m preserving
the Constitution, in living up to the policy that
inaugurated the war, upon the part of the Admin-
istration and upon the part ol the two Houses,
he will find his only guarantee that his wile and
his child are to he secuie in this great hour of ca-
lamity. That hour is upon us, and it is our solemn
duty to take care of the Anglo-American race, and
save it, if there he power and vitality left in the
Government to do it.
I have a heart, I trust, as large and comprehen-
sive with regard to the wants and necessities of
this inferior race as my colleague, but the Anglo-
Saxon race with me is the first thing for my con-
sideration. And let me say, further, with regard
to the appeal that brought one hundred thousand
men from the State of Pennsylvania into the Army,
that had they known before the day of their en-
listment that their services were required to fight
for emancipation, I venture to say that that army
of one hundred thousand men would have been
less formidable than the contemptible company of
men that FaistaiT was ashamed to march through
Coventry with to the battle of Shrewsbury. Sir,
the contest in which we are engaged to-day is not
for the elevation of the black race. It is for the
imperishable principle of liberty, of free govern-
ment, of the right of man to govern himself. That
is the spirit that leads on oyr Army. It is not the
groveling principle that looks down to the eleva-
tion of the black race; it is to decide the great ques-
tion whether the liberty which has been handed
down to us by our fathers shall be permitted to
remain in the land, or whether chaos and desola-
tion shall blot out the country and the Govcrn-
| men t for ever. That is the feeling and the princi-
S pie that brings to-day one hundred thousand men
from the State of Pennsylvania into this great con-
flict. It is a conflict for an imperishable principle;
it is a conflict for liberty; it is a conflict to pre-
serve those sacred colors that are suspended above
the Speaker's chair in the House of Commons of
this land; it is a conflict to give a character and a
name to the great country we inhabit, and not to
elevate the condition of the black man alone.
Sir, 1 will go with that gentleman, or any other
gentleman, to confiscate the property of the rebel,
wherever he may be found; but I do not want to
lay down rules with regard to the principle of
confiscation. Let the hour provide for itself. Let
the time and the occasion point out to the military
commanders, or the executive chief, the mode and
manner in which that object shall be accom-
plished.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow mc
to ask him a question?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will agree to give that gen-
tleman an opportunity to do so now, hut 1 shall
not yield the floor again for a like purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he recognizes the right of a general to
adopt what rules of confiscation he deems best
from time to time ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I recognize the right of
commanding general to adopt what rule he deems*
expedient, subject to a revision by that conservative
power that is to-day located in the White House, so
that if any man shall play Fremont, we have a
man there who has nerve enough to undo what
he docs, if wrong.  
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I understand, Mr.
Chairman, that the gentleman means that when a
general is pro-slavery he believes his decrees are
right, but when anti-slavery he believes they are
wrong.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will tell the gentleman what
1 mean. I mean that the President is, by virtue
of the Constitution, Commander-in-Chief of the
American armies, and if any of his subordinates,
as was the case with General Fremont, under-
takes to change the rule of policy upon which the
war was inaugurated, he has a right to counter-
mand the orders of that subordinate, and if he
acts conservatively, he is entitled to the support
of the nation, and will receive it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not object to that if the
gentleman will adhere to it. I understand him to
say that it must be left for the decision of the
generals. If the gentleman is simply insisting
that the President is the Commander-in-Chief, of
course I do not object to that. But now, if the
gentleman will be kind enough to bear with me a
moment, I want to ask him whether he is opposed
to the confiscation of i-cbel property, and if 
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman must not ask
me another question. I will answer the one he
has propounded. I am not afraid at all to be cat-
echised by the gentleman, even in the American
Congress; but I insist on my rights here. The
gentleman asks me if I am in favor of the confis-
cation of rebel property. Do I understand his
question correctly?
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is it in substance.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 answer that I am, unquali-
fiedly. -[Cries of " Good !" and " All right!"]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
one more question, and then I will not interrupt
him further.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir; I cannot yield any
further. Now, I will tell you why 1 am in favor
of the confiscation of rebel property. I am in fa-
vor of forfeiting all the property and effects that
that man has who raises his arm for the destruc-
tion of this lL-pubiican fabric that is dear to us all,
whether it be slaves, oxen, horses, or anything
else that his State may regard and recognize as
nroperty.
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is enough.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ycs,thatisfarenough togo,
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is right.
Mr. WRIGHT, I am glad to hear my col-
league from the Pittsburgh district indorse that
sentiment. I have hopes from him in the dark
hours that arc to come upon us before this session
closes.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will stand by the con-
fiscation of slaves of rebels.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, with regard to the for-
feiture of that property, as I said before, it is a
matter that must depend upon the emergencies ot
