1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I alluded to certain orders that had been made un-
der the direction of Genera! Pope while he was in
command of norChern Missouri, and also of Gen-
eral Prentiss, levying contributions upon the ene-
my, as they were termed, for the support of the
army, and also for the purpose of repairing dam-
ages upon railroads that the secessionists had
caused to be committed. I had no reference to
General Halleck's order in St. Louis.
Mr. POWELL. I am very glad the Senator
had not. I thought he alluded to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir. I said this:
that according to the international law, there was
no doubtof the proposition thatan invading army
has a perfect right to levy contributions for its
support. They have not the right to take all the
personal property of every man, but they have a
right to levy, according to some equitable and
just mode, a sufficient contribution to support the
army. There is no doubt aboutit in international
law.
Mr. POWELL'. I am very glad the Senator
did not indorse that unconstitutional order of Gen-
eral Halleck.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was talking of another
subject.
Mr. POWELL. I am very glad that he does
not indorse it; for I well remember that order. I
have read it heretofore and commented in the Sen-
ate at length upon it. General Halleck, by that
order, established a military commission who went
through the city of St. Louis and designated per-
sons whom they supposed to be disloyal, andlev-
ied contributions upon them to be given in charity.
It was a tribunal entirely unknown to the laws,
and the execution of the order was attended with
the harshest proceedings. If the parties failed to
make the payment assessed in a week, I believe,
twenty-live percent, was to be added; and if they
resisted that, they were subject to be court-mar-
tialed. I consider it a flagrant attempt to over-
throw the Constitution of the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; they were not
subjected to a military court-martial. I do not
think that was part of the order. Certainly the
Senator is doing General Halleck very great in-
justice in that. He did not put them under mili-
tary law because parties refused to pay; all that
was done was a sale of their property. If prop-
erty could not be obtained, of course the party was
not arrested atall, nor tried by court-martial. The
Senator has done General Hallcck injustice in that
respect.
Mr. POWELL. The order will speak for itself.
I will read the order, and will correct myself with
great pleasure if I am wrong, because I do not
wish to do any man injustice.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied that that
is not so, because a portion of those men refused
to pay, and were not subjected to military law,
but their property was seized and sold.
Mr. POWELL. Here is the order. It is dated
" Headquarters Department of Missouri, St.
Louis, December 12,1861," and the sixth section
of it is in these words:
"Any one who shall resist,or attempt to resist, the exe-
cution of this order, will be immediately arrested and im-
prisoned, and will be tried by a military commission."
That is the order, and those are the very words
of it.
Now, Mr. President, I have but one opinion as
to the way this war should be conducted. I have
no criticisms to make on generals in the field, or
on the President, as to the mode and manner in
which he has managed it. I will not enter into
that discussion. I will leave that to the eminent
military gentlemen who are to be found so thickly
in this Senate; not one in fifty of whom I suppose
ever received any military education, ever saw'a
battle, or perhaps know the right wheel from the
left. Iam no military man, and will enter into no
criticisms on that subject. But, sir, this war should
be conducted upon those elevated principles of
Christianity and humanity which mark the age in
which we live; and I hereavow that It is contrary
to the rules of war in all civilized countries to seize
the private property of the enemy. You can seize
his public property, and devote it to your uses.
That is legitimate; that is proper. All the author-
ities and all the publicists that ever wrote on this
subject in modern times lay that down as the rule;
and that is the rule that has been acted on by our
Government heretofore. Our army marched from
Vera Cruz to the capital of Mexico, and our stars
and stripes floated proudly over the capital of
that people; they marched from the Rio Grande to
Buena Vista; but they never disgraced their arms
by despoiling any private citizens of their prop-
erty. Such conduct is unbecoming American sol-
diers; it is unbecoming the genius of our Govern-
ment; itis unbecoming theChristianity oftheage;it
is unbecoming the civilization of the times. If you
turn your armies loose to take property of private
citizens whose country you invade, you but make
your Army a band of national plunderers; you
sanction by law that which you can never arrest.
License them to do that, and the most rigid disci-
pline will not restrain them within anything like
reasonable bounds. No Government does it in
this age. It is a relic of barbarism that has been
long since exploded; and in myjudgmentit is not
the way to conduct this or any other war to a suc-
cessful termination.
When you go into your own country with your
victorious armies do not despoil the private citizen
of his property, unless by due process of law, as
is provided by the Constitution of your country.
Seize the public property; take it and use it; fight
him upon every hill-top and in every valley, if
you please; drive him from his fastnesses and his
strong places; seize all his public property; but
do not go through his country taking the last
chicken, the last duck, the last egg, the last peck
of meal, and the last piece of meat from the de-
fenseless women and children, and leave them to
starve. In my judgment such a policy is not the
one to reconcile and restore the southern people
to the folds of this Union. No,sir; we must ex-
hibit ourselves as brave Christian warriors, and
not by our legislation and our orders given to our
generals in the field, authorize them to seize and
take all property, and leave the men, women, and
children, the infirm, the aged and decrepit, to
starve. In my opinion, this war would have been
much nearer closed to-day if we had conductcdit
within the Constitution of the country. We have,
under and by virtue of the Constitution, power to
supply the President with all necessary munitions
of war, to call into the service all the soldiers neces-
sary for the war. When we have done that, we
have discharged our duty. We should not encour-
age by word, by act, or by deed, these practices,
that will cause us to be scorned and contemned by
all the civilized nations of Europe. Why, sir, an
indiscreet, crucl, and barbarous order issued by
one of our generals in New Orleans has brought
down the censure of all Christendom upon us;
they even say that America has furnished a Hay-
nau. These things should be avoided.
I shall say no more upon the question of arm-
ing slaves; for, as I said before, my sole object is
to put upon the record my earnest protest against
the passage of this bill; believing, as I said, that
the argument heretofore made was full, unanswer-
able, and complete. Allow me to read just here
an extract from a letter from John Q,uincy Adams
on this subject of emancipating slaves under the
war power. I regret that I did not have it when
I was engaged in this discussion heietofore. I
find this slip m a newspaper, and suppose it is
correct. I have not haQ time to look to the ref-
erence. I will read it. It is headed " J. Q,. Adams
on the Laws of War:"
(i The following extracts of a lottor from John Qutncy
Adams to Mr. Rush, in 1820, when the former was Secre-
tary of State to Mrt Monroe, and the latter our minister to
England, have a peculiar applicability at this time. Mr.
Adams is discussing the asseited right of the Britif.li Gov-
ernment to emancipate Atneiican slaves captured during
the war of 1812-14. lie s*ay->:
"'The principle is that the emancipation of enemy's
slaves is not among the acts of legitimate war, as relates
to the owners; it is a destruction of private piopeuy, no-
whcie warranted by the usages of war.'  
There is the authority that has been rung in
our ears by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] that under the war power wc could set
all the slaves in all the States free. This was the
utterance of Mr. Adams, before he was fired with
that fanatical zeal, before he had that disease of
necrophobia that for a time dethroned his mighty
intellect on that subject. This was in an import- 1
ant State paper, written with the greatest consid-
eration, in a diplomatic discussion with the Brit-
ish Government that was then being carried on
by our Goveroment. Again he says:
In the statement of the British ground of argument upon
the claim in the submission. they have broadly asserted the
right of emancipating slaves—private propei ty—a* a legiti-
mate right of war. This is uttoiiy meompieheusiblc on the
part of a nation whose subjects hold slaves by millions,
and who, in this very treaty, recognizes them as private
property. No such right is acknowledged as a law of war
by writers who admit any limitation. The right of putting
to death all prisoners of war in cold blood, ana without spe-
cial cause, might as well be represented to be alaw of war,
or the light to use poisoned weapons, orto«ssas^^inate.,,
There, sir, Mr. Adams boldly, clearly, un-
equivocally says, you have no right to emanci-
pate slaves under this war power. You have not
only passed laws emancipating slaves, but Sen-
ators declare in their speeches that you must go
forth and seize every species of property. I hope
for the honor, for the dignity, for the glory of my
country, that our brave and gallant soldiers never
will go forth armed with the authority of this Con-
gress to despoil men of their private property,
whether they be friends or enemies. It is revolt-
ing to every feeling of humanity, and all the civil-
ized nations of the earth will condemn us as harsh,
brutal, and cruel. No other verdict can be or will
be rendered by Christian or civilized men. Even if
they were alien enemies, we could not act thus
unless we violated every rule of Christian warfare.
But, sir, they are not treated or regarded as alien
enemies; you claim them as a part of our people.
They are entitled, then, to all the provisions of
the Constitution of your country, for I am sure
no gentleman will be so illogical as to maintain
the position that, they are under the Constitution,
a part of the Union, and are not entitled to all the
panoply and all the shields that the Constitution
throws around the rights of the citizen. The Con-
stitution of your country says private property
shall not be taken for public uses, except upon com-
pensation, upon consideration. I do not pretend
to quote the words of the Constitution, but I know '
I have the substance. Senators say that this con-
fiscation bill must be executed. I regret that that
confiscation bill was passed. In my judgment,
it is utterly unconstitutional. Why, sir, if the
men who have violated the Constitution and laws
of the country cannot be caught and punished in
accordance with law, you will have to let them go.
They will be like all other offenders when they
escape. The old maxim applies, " there is catch-
ing before hanging." What arc the woids of the
Constitution of your country ? After defining trea-
son, it says:
i: The Congiess shall have powoi to deciaio the punish-
ment of trear.on ; but no attalndei of treason shall woi k cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the lsfeot the
person attainted."
That is the constitutional guarantee of these
men; and yet you deprive them of that sacrcd con-
stitutional guarantee. When you do it, you
overthrow the Constitution of your country. I
will not elaborate on that point now, for I have
heretofore discussed it at great length.
Senators, let us observe the Constitution of the
country. Nothing can be added to the power, to
the force, or to the efficacy of this war oy viola-
ting the Constitution. You have, under the Con-
stitution, the power to bring into requisition all
of your material aid; you have the power to sum-
mon the whole force of your country; you have
the power to fight the enemy wherever you can
find them; and if you cannot overthrow the re-
bellion when you have the entire power of the
United States in your hands, in the name of God
what more can be given?
That is all you can have, but in order to exer-
cise a vindictive feeling you propose to resort to
the harshest barbarities. I was pained to hear the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] at the close
of the speech he made the other day, announce
that he would resort to every usage of war either
in ancient or modern'times if it were necessary to
putdown this rebellion. Why, sir, what were the
usages of ancient war? Do we not know that the
ancient nations made captives of all their prisoners,
that they led the women and children into bondage
and sold them forprices? Thosegentlemen who
have so much philanthropy and humanity for the
poor negro—and I sec the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomerot] is assenting to this proposition as
I utter it—those gentlemen who almost go into
hysterical firs at the idea*of a negro being held in
bondage, would resort to the harsh barbarities and
cruelties of the ancient times, that allowed all the
prisoners to be sold as slaves. 1 confess that much
as I desire to see this country united and our
people live together in concord,unity and love, to
see the constitutional Union exist forever as our
fathers gave it to us, to see the Constitution uxe-
