1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
the occasion, and the general in command must
use his discretion, subject, however, to revoca-
tion, if he acts in opposition to the views of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States. There we agree,! have no doubt;
but I do not believe that my colleague, nor do I
believe that the conservative gentlemen upon the
other side of the House will vote to lay down a
principle as broad as the one contemplated in the
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bino
haMj] and that was, if I understood it, the imme-
diate , unconditional emancipation of four millions
of slaves.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will set him right. I suppose he intends
mc no injustice.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Ouu in the chair.)
Docs the gentleman from Pennsylvania yield the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do, sir; he has a right to
ask it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I confined my proposition
exclusively to slaves held by rebels, their aiders
and abettors.
Mr. WRIGHT. I know that the gentleman in
his printed remarks 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; in my spoken rc-
marks.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will do the gentleman no
harm or injustice.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well.
Mr. WRIGHT. I know that the gentleman iir
his printed remarks—for I have read them care-
fully—has it reported in th^J way, and I have no
doubt (hat his speech was reported as it was ut-
tered; but I understood the gentleman iri listening
to him—and it excited me at the time—to say that
he was in favor of the unconditional emancipation
of all t he slaves in the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that. I did not touch uponthatqucs-
lion at all; but I have no hesitation in saying for
myself that, whenever my own judgment satisfies
mo that it is essential to the common defense to
shiver every fetter that binds any man within the
limits of the Republic, the power is in this House
and ought to be exercised.
Mr. WRIGHT. But the gentleman from Ohio
must not blow his own brains out for the purpose
of eliminating and carrying out an idea.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no; there is no trouble
about my brains.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have here the gentleman's
reported speech, and I find that he did make use
of this language:
" Pass jour law. proclaim it at the head of your Army,
execute it suimniuily by allowing these unwilling suppoit-
of the icbeSliou to cscnpc from their mastoid through
your lines ami receive your protection n  return for their
loviitv; and these clnkli cn ot oppie^ion will make such an
exodus from tins hou-.cor their bondage as the woiid has not
been since th.it cxodn.<o( Cod's people which the dark-eyed
/lau^hteib of Israel celebrated in that sublime song :
' TheLoid hathtimmplied gloriously; tliehor^eandhis
rider liath lie tin own into ihe sea.' "
Let me say to the gentleman that I fear thatthe
music which should goat the head of thatexodus
had better be the requiem in the " Dead-March of
Saul" than that song which the dark-eyed daugh-
ters of Israel sang on the banks of the Red Sea.
Where would you march that army of four mil-
lions of slaves? Would you march them to Ohio,
or to the State of Pennsylvania, or to the State of
New York? No, sir; the gentleman from Ohio
would be as much opposed to that as any man,
perhaps, 011 this floor who has a due regard for
Lis State soveieignty. What would he do with
them? Would he drive them into the sea ? Would
he let them polish from want and starvation ?
Alt. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean
that any person, born within the limits of the Re-
public, and who has offended against no law, can
rightfully be exiled from any State or from any
rood of the Republic? Does the gentleman un-
dertake to say that here, in the face of the piovis-
ion m the Constitution, that persons born within
the limits of the Republic, of parents who are not
the subjects of any other sovereignty,are native- j
born citizens, whether thev be black or white? j
There is not a text-book referred to in any court j
which does not recognize the principle that I as- j
sert. 1 do not stand here to cavil with men who |
are not read in the horn-books of the law, but I
assert that every man born within the limits of the
Republic, or under its flag at sea, of parents who
were not the subjects of any other sovereignty,
are, in the very words of the Constitution, natural
born citizens; and I wantto know whence comes
the power which the gentleman speaks of, to drive
them from the land of their nativity, I care not
what their color?
Mr. WRIGHT. Let the gentleman keep cool,
and I will answer his proposition. He refers me to
a clause in the Constitution. For his edification
I will read it;
"The citizcns of each State shall bo entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens ot the several States."
It is the " citizens of each State" who are en-
titled to these privileges and immunities.
Mr. BINGHAM. Pray, sir, who are the citi-
zens of the States ?
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 will tell the gentleman who
arc citizens. Each State, not having yielded the
power of declaring citizenship in the Constitution
of the United States, reserved it to herself; and
Pennsylvania has not only decided through her
courts, but has adopted it as a cardinal principle
in her constitution, that black men are not citi-
zens.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire 
Mr. WRIGHT. I cannot yield any further.
The gentleman from Ohio is a learned man. He
comes here with the reputation of being an emi-
nent lawyer; and I ask him whether he is not
aware that five of the northwestern States have
adopted constitutional provisions prohibiting
black people from coming into their territory?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no such provision
in the constitution of my State.
Mr. WRIGHT. I did not say it was in the
constitution of your State, but that it was in the
constitution of five of the northwestern Statps.
Mr. BINGHAM- I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to let me rfmke an inquiry of him
for information.
Certainly.
What States does the gen-
Mr. WRIGHT.
Mr. BINGHAM
tleman refer to?
Mr. ALDRICH.
Minnesota.
Mr. WRIGHT.
Ohio, Iowa 
Mr. ALDRICH.
I hope he does not mean
I refer to Indiana, Illinois,
That is only four.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is not so in Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is enough to establish
the principle I am contending for.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is not enough to es-
tablish the number.
Mr. AV"RIGHT. Now, although the gentleman
from Ohio may regard me as a novice in law, I
will tell him that I have been striving honestly for
thirty years to attain a knowledge of the legal
profession, and he will pardon me, I hope, in the
assertion that I have during that time learned a
few ies;al maxims, and studied somewhat the Con-
stitution of the Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to mc for an inquiry?
Mr. AVRIGHT. I cannot, yield any more to
the gentleman If I ask him a question he will
have a right to reply to it. Now, the Constitu-
tion which every member of this House has sworn
to support and "maintain, and which it should be
our aim and objecttolive up to, contains the pro-
vision that the citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all prmkgLS and immunities. If this
degiaded cla^N of people called slaves are citizens,
thou I concede to the gentleman from Ohio that
no State has a right to pass a law prohibiting their
migration into it. But let me say to the gentle-
man, that if his army of four millions of slaves
were to commence their march into Ohio and
Pennsylvania it would be worse upon those States
than the plagues of Egypt. They would devour
and eat out the substance of the people. Not only
would that evil come to pass, but the effect of u
would also be to destroy the blacks themselves
and annihilate al! their power for good.
Therefore I lay it down as the only safe, pru-
dent, and constitutional rule, to allow the great
emeigcncies of the occasion to provide for them-
selves, subject to revision by the Commander-in-
Chief of the American Aimy, and such aid as the
American Congress may aflford him. If those gen-
tlemen who want to entry out this ultra policy
will but stand by Abraham Lincoln, as the con-
servative men of this body will stand by him, six
months shall not pass away before^the rebellion
is dead, the national flag restored to its position,
and the national glory and renown again vindica-
ted. From the commencement of this session or
Congress I have been of the opinion that, sooner
or later, the conservative members of it would
put their heads together, and work shoulder to
shoulderin thegreatcauseofthecountry. Whether
wc shall have the great pleasure of having the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in that num-
ber, banded for the protection of the Constitution,
and not for the emancipation of slavery, it is not
for me now to say. I do not wish to indulge in
unkind remarks, because liberty of speech is guar-
antied to us by the fundamental law of the land.
Members have a right to express their views on
this question of slavery. I would not abridge that
right, but I would hold them accountable for the
line of policy which they pursue that is calculated
to destroy the public confidence, to paralyze the
Army, or to throw an obstacle in the way of its
advance forward.
Mr. Chairman, the great and momentous occa-
sion that visits us to-day is one which I can
hardly realize. It is hard to realize that of the
thirty millions who but a few short months ago
comprised a happy people, nearly one million
should to-day be arrayed in deadly hostility against
each other. But that fact exists. It is on us to-day.
We know it. And while these two great armies are
in the field, contending in deadly strife—one that
the Constitution shall stand and the Government
be preserved, and the other that the Government
shall be destroyed—why shall not patriotic men
on that manly issue meet the great question and
dispose of it? Why not confine ourselves to the
legitimate issues of the war—to save the white
race—and not adopt the other alternative, which
is to destroy it—destroy the great principle of self-
goveinment, and all for the elevation of the black
racc? I would not object to his elevation; but I
prefer Union with slavery to no Union without
it; and if the Government must fall in the wild
attempts to minister to his imaginary wants, it is
our duty to ourselves,- our families, our country,
to abandon a theory that cannot be accomplished.
Sir, let the Government of our fathers, with its
compromises and its virtues, stand as the chief
thing in our affections, and its preservation be the
gicat object of our hopes.
Mr. (Chairman, these fanatics have just as much
interest in the preservation of this country as we
have. They may suppose that, by advocating
universal emancipation, they will best accomplish
a prosperous result. But upon this question of
expediency I differ with them widely. Change
the policy of tho war, and you have left no prin-
ciple upon which the nation can rely in this hour
of need. Change the policy of the war, divert it
from the cardinal point which brought it into
existence, and we are hopelessly gone, and gone
forever. Nor do I wish to survive the time when
this country is broken up and destroyed. I do not
want to see two confederacies upon this land.
There is not room enough in this broad land to
contain two confederacies. One flag, one Consti-
tution, one common destiny, is what we all should
ask, is what wc all ought to pray for, is what we
all ought to move heaven and earth to accom-
plish, m the hour of danger and of trouble which
is suspended like a black pall over us.
Adopt the principle for which the gentleman
from Ohio contends, and you drive your brave
men from the Army, destroy their courage, weaken
their zeal, and intimidate their valor. Do that and
you will cither have no country at all, or you will
have in existence two confederacies, between
which there will be a war of extermination for all
time, in the great future. I am in favor of settling
that gieat principle now. I am in favor of decid-
ing the question at once. Let us decide it legiti-
mately and properly, as it ought to be decided—
upon that bioad and elevated position that free-
men know and can appreciate those imperishable
gifts which are the common inheritance of us all.
and which we should guard and protect with oui
life, our liberty, and our honor.
[Here the hummer fell.]
Mr. DIVEN obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, who moved that the com-
mitteo rise.
Tho motion was agreed to
