3350
THE COJSTGElSSIOlsrAh GLOBE.
July 15,
cuted as it is written, I would not take this remedy,
for it would be worse than the disease. You would
not only overthrow all the constitutional 1 lghts of
the people, but you would lead white men, women,
and children into captivity, and sell them forever
as slaves, if y<<ra were to exercise the harsh cruel-
ties of ancient times.
Mr. President, I know that nothing I shall say
will prevent the passage of this bill; but I desired
in a very brief manner to leave on record the rea-
sons why I cannot vote for it. In the first place,
I think that this and the confiscation bills are all
in violation of the Constitution of the country. In
the second place, the policy is bad. I think the
passage of these bills will mass the people of the
South against you, to raise in deadly strife against
this Government the arms of men who desire to
support it. I think this policy should never be
adopted. I believe it will be attended with no
good, but incalculable evil. 1 believe that if any-
thing does prevent forever areunion of these States,
it will be'tlie harsh and unconstitutional legisla-
tion of this Congress. I believe you have done
more to strengthen the revolution than the armies
of the confederates themselves have done. I have
uttered my sentiments freely,butnotwith aview
of being unkind to any Senator who differs from
me. 1 dare say other gentlemen utter their hon-
est convictions. They are entitled to their opin-
ions. 1 certainly utter nothing but what I hon-
estly believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire simply to make
an explanation. I do not wish to occupy much
time. If I understand the remarks of the Senator
from Kentucky, he has put me in the category of
individuals who assert the right of the Army in
passing over the southern country to take all the
property of private citizens. That is not the po-
sition that I take.
Mr. POWELL. I am very happy to hear the
Senator make the disclaimer. I thought his lan-
guage was broad enough to warrant that conclu-
sion*, and so was that of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. HENDERSON. If I had been of that
opinion, I should have voted for any confiscation
bill. There is just that difference between my
views of the power of the Army and the power
as given by a confiscation bill. If I understand
the confiscation bill that has been passed, it re-
quires the taking of all the property of private
citizens. I object to that, because when we shaH
have accomplished that, we have merely a land of
beggars left, and the Government really does not
do any good. After the Government has accom-
plished "the very thing that the gentleman speaks
of, the destruction of all private property, it is
then in the attitude of being compelled to support
and maintain those whom it has impoverished. I
object to it. *It is upon that objection that I have
east my vote against the confiscation bills. In the
remarks which 1 made on the confiscation bill
pending in this body, I placed my objections upon
that ground •, but I never have doubted the right
of the Army of the United States, under the orders
of its military commanders, to levy a contribution
upon the enemy for its support. The difference
between levying a contribution and taking all the
property is, that in the levying a contribution it is
done somewhat in proportion to the value of the
property owned by individuals. No man is en-
tirely stripped of all his property, no man is im-
poverished. ThatisthodiflTorcnc<',as I understand,
between the ancient mode of warfare and that
which has been recently adopted by the civilized
nations of the world. 1 would not go back to the
old doctrines once entertained by the Romans and
the Grecians,and sell prisoners; 1 would not rob
individuals of their property; but I would levy
contributions, 1 would maintain my army upon
the rebels, and I would do it, as near us I could,
according to the value of their property.
Now, sir, one other remark, and I have done;
and that is in reference to General Halleck's order.
1 said nothingin my previous remaiks with regard
to the propriety or impropriety of General Hal-
leek's order; but I desire to say to the Senator
from Kentucky, that while I did not agree with
General Halleck in that order, General Halleck,
in my opinion, is an able general, and one of the
best constitutional lawyers in this country; and,
in addition to all that, lie is a just and a humane
man. Although I thought lie had not the power
to levy the contribution for the purpose indicated
in his order, I never doubted his power to issue
an order making contributions upon the disloyal
portion of the people of Missouri for the subsist-
ence of the army within its borders. He did not
levy that contribution for the support of the army,
as I think he would have been justified in d6mg
under international law, but he levied the contri-
bution for the support of the Union families driven
out of southwest Missouri. That is where I differ
from General Halleck; but I do not desire that it
shall go forth to the world that this was the most
despotic and tyrannical order ever made since the
existence of the world, or, if you please, under the
Constitution of the United States. I desire to vin-
dicate General Halleck against an imputation of
that character. Although I differ from him m the
precise object for which that contribution was
levied, I think clearly the power would have ex-
isted if he had changed the object. He mighthave
called on the Government of the United States to
support those families who were driven outby the
secession sympathizers of southwest Missouri;
and after that was done, he might have turned
round and levied a contribution to replace that
amount. That he might have done legally, in my
opinion. I always thought that changing the ob-
ject of the order in that way, it would have been
right; but I did not agree with him in the terms
in which it was couched. That is all.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should not do my duty if
I did not make some reply to the remarks of the
Senator.from Kentucky, and particularly to his
allusion to the lamented Douglas. The Senator
appeals to me to know one fact, and I am glad he
has done so. He puts the question whether a man
has not his right, under the Constitution, to be
tried; whether every man is not entitled to all the
rights and privileges secured by the Constitution.
Yes, sir; he is if he is an obedient citizen; but if
he is a traitor he is not. If he is in rebellion against
his Government, he is not entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government. That is my general an-
swer, Whenever a man is in rebellion against
his Government, he is not entitled to its protec-
tion. That is the reason why, in the case before
us,in the region where the rebel armies comefrom,
leaving their slaves behind to do their work, it is
the duty of the Government, under the law of na-
tions, to take the property which can be found
there to support the army.
I have but one remark in relation to Judge Doug-
las. Sir, I should be derelict in my duty if I were
to sit still in the Senate and hear a Senator say that
1 ever intimated that Judge Douglas wouTd be in
favor of inciting servile insurrections in the South.
1 know no man who is in favor of inciting servile
insurrection in the South. The Senator may talk
about the consequences of particular acts, but the
rebels commcnced this work; and do you say that
we shall not undertake to lessen the strength of
that enemy by taking his slaves to build our for-
tifications, dig our trenches, and to do all our work?
That is as far as I have said that I would go. I
have declared that, in order to preserve this Gov-
ernment, in order to preserve the institutions of
this country, I will use all the moans that this Gov-
ernment lias tit command, if necessary. I know
nothing that I would not use to preserve the Gov-
ernment of my fathers. When you aie talking
about the Constitution, I want it understood that
I desiie to preserve that Constitution in ail its
breadth and depth; but what is the use of your Con-
stitution if you have no Government? The Sena-
tor says that Judge Douglas was against the doc-
trine of coercion. Let me tell you what he said:
u When our Government is assailed with hostile armies,
that aie niurchim,' under new banners against the Govern-
ment 'if our country, the shortest way to a peace ib the
most unanimous preparation for wai ; tile greater the una-
nimity die less blood will be shed; the more prompt and
energetic the movement, the more important it is in num-
ber^j the shorter wilt be the struggle."
And this brings to my mind a little incident in
the history of Judge Douglas. It will show yon
the grasp of his intellect, and-the mighty weight
of that brain which worked in his head. He left
here in the month of'Apnl, 1861, and went to the
capital of my State, where the Legislature was in
session, just after the attack upon Fort Sumter.
He walked into the Senate chamberand sat down
by a Senator whose name I need not mention;
that Senator mentioned to Judge Douglas that the
President had called out seventy-five thousand
men, and asked him if he did not think the num-
ber was too many. Striking his hand with em-
phasis upon a table before him,he responded, " it
oughtto be five hundred thousand men." I record
this fact because 1 believe it has not been printed
in our history of the country. There was no talk
of coercion then, but he saw that seventy-live
thousand men were not enough.
Mr. Douglas declared, then, further, that " if
any attempt is made to invade the rights of the
South, or to incite servile insurrection among
them, he would be the first to run to the rescue."
So would I. But if you want to see Douglas's
position, look at him standing up on the 4th of
March, 1861, by the President who had been his
competitor. John C. Breckinridge ami other trai-
tors were there around him,but there stood Doug-
las, saying, " I stand by you, Mr. President,"
and when he went home that spring he stood m
the same wigwam where his competitor was nom-
inated, and there told fifteen thousand of his coun-
trymen to stand by this Government, upon which
he folded his mantle around him and went home
to die. Take his example. I iptend that no man
shall ever say in the Senate that he connived at
the doctrine of not using all the means and all the
power of the Government to sustain it, for his lan-
guage was, " it is a question of country or no
country; Government or no Government."
Mr. POWELL. One word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Indiana. The Senator in the very brief
remarks he has just made, has uttered what is to
me a most singular proposition. He says that if
a man is obedient to the Constitution and the laws
of the country, he has a right to the protection of
that Constitution and those laws, but if he is a
traitor, if he is in rebellion, he has no right to con-
stitutional protection. That to me was a most
strange avowal. If men were always obedient to
the laws, if they always subjected themselves to
the Constitution and the laws of the country, they
would rarely, if ever, have any necessity to ap-
peal to that Constitution and those laws before the
bar of a criminal court. The Constitution of our
fathers and the laws not only in the United States,
but in all the States, guaranty to every man, high
or low, rich or poor, guilty or innocent, patriot or
traitor, the protection of the Constitution and the
laws. That is a right guarantied and secured to
every man, which no one who respects the Con-
stitution and laws will attempt to take away. The
guarantees of the Constitution are intended to
shield the innocent and protect the weak. Pun-
ishments are decreed not in the way of vindictive-
ness, not in the way of harshness, not in the way
of cruelty, by a civilized and Christian nation, but
they are decreed for the purpose of compelling
obedience to the law and as a terror to evil doers.
Hence I boldly declare here that the vilest traitor,
the guiltiest murderer, the most contemptible thief,
is entitled to all the guarantees that the Constitu-
tion and the laws throw about him. The Consti-
tution prescribes the mode and manner in which
he shall be tried. He can only be arrested upon
warrant. You then take him to the court, and,
through the instrumentality of a'grand jury, an
indictment is found against him. Then, sir, you
give him a traverse jury; then you give him coun-
sel; and he has the law with its guarantees in the
fullest measure extended to him through the in-
strumentality of the judges. That is not only the
case under our wise Constitution and laws, but it
is so in all civilized nations.
To-day, for the first time, I have heard it asserted
that, because a man is a rebel or a traitor, he has
no right to the guarantees and protection that the
Constitution and laws give him. If a man were
to kill another in the presence of the Senate, and
his hands here were all reeking with blood, would
you instantly slay him ? No, sir; n'o. You would
seize him, you would take him before thejudicial
tribunals, you would have him committed by war-
rant. When the grand jury was impanneled by
the court that had cognizance of the offense, he
would be indicted; he would avail himself of coun-
sel; and the case would be submitted upon the low
and the evidence to the traverse jury. They would
find him, in that state of case^ no doubt, guilty, and
he would be hanged by the hangman, and thus
expiate his crime upon the gallows. So if a man
commits treason, which is the highest offense
known to the law, you cannot seek him and slay
him wherever you find him. I grant you if he
has arms in his hands, is arrayed in battle against
you, you may slay him; but then it is war. Tf he
commits treason, what is the process? Unless
