1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the Senate will be derelict in their duty if they
abandon their own convictions on a public meas-
ure of great importance and great necessity, and
say they will notadoptittinless it suits the views
of the Secretary of the N<tvy, or anybody else.
Sir, the Congress have uniformly reserved to
themselves the right of saying what kind of ves-
sels shall be built, and have not left it to the
Department; and whenever the Department have
undertaken to act upon it, they have acted in dero-
gation and usurpation of the rights of Congress.
Who orderguriboatsto be built? Congress. "Who
orderiron-clad boats to be built.? Congress. Con-
gress get the information that they think neces-
sary, and then they judge, and judge of the char-
acter of the vessels, whether they shall be side-
wheel or propellers; they judge of the depth of
water that they shall require. In all these matters,
it has been the invariable practice for Congress to
exercise their own judgment and determine what
the character of the vessels to be built shall be;
and they have in no instance given it up to the ar-
bitrary discretion of the Executive or anybody
else. In doing this now, the Senate do no more
than it has been their invariable practice to do; and
I hope that upon this great question, in the new
era that is upon us, in the new emergency which
presses upon us, we will not abandon our right of
judgment to the Secretary of the Navy or any-
body else.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is due perhaps in cour-
tesy to the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
especially after the manner of'his last remarks, to
say that in saying we all understood how we would
vote in relation to this amendment, I meant no
more than that we knew it from the speech he had
already made on the subject—not that there was
any peculiar pervcrsenesa in the gentleman.
Mr. DIXON. I did not suppose it was possi-
ble for that Senator to say an unkind thing, espe-
cially to me, for I have a great regard for him.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly; I did not intend
anything of the sort.
Now, in relation to the Senator from New
Hampshire, I do not view this amendment in the
same light that he does. It is true that when re-
quisitions specially have been made upon us, and
not of our own motion, we have ordered vessels
to bo built. We have passed laws to build sev-
enty-fours; authorized their building, and made
appropriations for that purpose and tor building
gunboats. It has generally been done at the re-
quisition and request of the Executive. But, sir,
when has Congress ever undertaken upon them-
selves to say that they would direct the Execu-
tive or the Department, in any of its Inanches,
how that seventy-four or gunboat should be built;
what her dimensions should be, what should be
the materials of her construction, and what facil-
ities there should be about her? Never. The
details and the execution of it have always been
left to the Executive.
Now it is not because I have any peculiar con-
fidence in the present head of the Navy Depart-
ment that 1 oiler this amendment; but it is because
I have the same respect for the head of that De-
partment that I have had at all time heretofore;
bccause lie is the head of that Department, be-
cause he is the Department. It is not necessary
or very important that the Secretary of the Navy
should really know whether a ship was hollow or
not. The truth is, the Secretary of the Navy has
about liim, at his command, within his control, and
in the proper bureaus all the executive talent and
information of the country to consult, in order to
bring out practical results. Can we do that? Are
we to be enlightened or to call to our aid the skill
of adepts and experts in all the departments of
practical knowledge? Not at all. We cannot do
It; we do not do it; or if we do it, individually, it
is only to govern ourselves by it, not to govern
the body by it. I make this remark merely for
the purpose of explaining why it is that I desire
this thing to be in the discretion of the Executive
Department, as has been usual inothercases,and
not say we are become infallible absolutely, and
that this vessel shall be finished whether anybody
thatreally knows anything aboutitthinksit ought
to be done or not.
One further remark. It is said that this amend-
ment is inconsistent with the provision already
adopted. Now, there is nothing in that objection
at all. To be sure it reads, according to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, thafthe sum
which is claimed by Mr. Stevens shall not be
paid over to him until the vessel is accepted by
the President; but this amendment is, that the
money shall not be expended, that the work shall
not go on at all, unless the head of the Depart-
ment believes we are going to get an effective
battery by it. They are entirely consistent with
each other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Clark, Coliamer,
Doolittle, Fes&enden, Foot, Grimes, Nation, Howard,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy,
SauNbury, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright
—■20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Davis, Dixon, Hale,
Harris*, Hendeison, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Powell,
Sherman, Staik, Sumner,Ten Evck,Thomson, Trumbull,
Wade, Willey, and Wilson of Mi&ssouu—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move further to amend
the amendment in the fourth line by inserting after
the word "to" the words " pay for and;" so
that it will road:
That the sum of $783,29-1, being the amount necessary
to be provided, as estimated by a board appointed for that
purpose, to pay for and finish the Stevens battery, &c.
As it now stands, the whole sum might be spent
in completing the vessel.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agieeing to the amendment of the
committee as amended.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 2G, nays 10; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anrhonv, Rrowning, Carhle,Claik,Col-
lamet, Davi«s, DUon, Doolittle, Foot, Hale, Harris?, King,
Lane of Kan>a*, Latham, MeDougall, Morrill, Sherman,
Sunk, Sumner, Ten Iiyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Fe-senden, Grimes;, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Lane of [ndiana, Poineroy, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, and Wnglit—10.
So the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to ofteranotheramendment,
upon which they were unanimous. It is to insert
as an additional section:
Jindbc il fmikcr cnactcd. That the sum of #13,000,000
be apptopiiated out ot any monoy in thu Tr«'a*ury not otltcr-
wim) appropimted, to enable the Secretary of the Navy to
eonstruct iron-clad steam gunboat-?.
A single word in reference to this amendment.
The Secretary of theNavy had sentacommunica-
tion to Congress recommending an appropriation
of $15,000,000 for the construction of gunboats,
which was inserted in this bill as it came to the
Senate, but which was stricken out on the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Finance. That
recommendation for these gunboats was sent to
Congress before the fight of, the Mernmac and
Monitor. The Secretary of the Navy has sent a
communication to us since that action, which has
been printed, recommending an appropriation of
§30,000,000 with what has been heretofore appro-
priated. The committee did not think it wise to
go to that extent; but they recommend this appro-
priation of $13,000,000, m lieu of the §15,000,000
that were appropriated by the House of Repre-
sentatives for gunboats before that action took
place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer another amendment, to insert
at the end of the second section of the bill the fol-
lowing:
For casting heavy oidnancc at the Washington navv-
yatd, #230,000.
I will state that this amendment is offered in
accordance with the recommendation of Captain
Dahlgren, at the head of the ordnance depart-
ment, and also of the head of the bureau, Captain
Harwood, and indorsed by the Secretary of the
Navy. It is not connected with any foundery or
anything of that sort; it is simply to enlarge the
operations of the yaid and enable them to cast
what they eannotgot fiom priv.tte cnteipiiso, and
that is heavy ordnance. This sum of y250,0O0
will be appropriated simply to casting, not to any
buildings. Since that, the Secretary of the Navy,
in a communication which we have ordered to be
printed, has recommended an appropriation of
double that sum, but the committee only recom-
mended $250,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIALE. I have another amendment that
I am instructed to offer by the same committee, to
insert as a new section:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secietary of
the Navy be authorized to commute the Navy ration of
coffee and sugar for the extract of coffee combined with
milk and sugar, to be procured in the same manner and
under like restrictions and guarantees as are preserved
meats, pickles, butter, and dessicated vegetables, if he shall
believe it will be conducive to the health and comfort of the
Navy, and not mote expensive to the Government than the
present ration, and it shall be acceptable to the men.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance when he proposes to
bring in the regular naval appropriation bill for
next year?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
committee thought it prudent under existing cir-
cumstances to defer the appropriations for the next
year until towards the close of,the session, and as
the matter stands now, that bill will have to origin-
ate again in the House of Representatives. We
did not know what changes might take place be-
tween this time and the end of the session. The
appropriations in this bill as it came to us were
very large—in all some sixty or seventy millions,
and we were in hopes something might occur to
render a less appropriation necessary.
Mr.GRIMES. I will statemy object in address-
ing that inquiry to the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. 1 was not aware that the Committee
on Naval Affairs had agreed to this appropriation
of $250,000 for ordnance purposes at the Wash-
ington navy-yard. 1 suppose, I do not know, that
it looks toward the permanent establishment of a
large foundery here. It is very questionable in
my mind whether this is the proper place for it;
and it is a quettion which a select committee of
this Senate has been empowered to investigate. I
am willing to make an appropriation of $50,000
for ordnance purposes, to allow it to go on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. And that was all I understood,
two or three weeks ago, was asked. 1 am pretty
well satisfied it was. I was not aware thaf this
appropriation of §250,000 was agreed upon. If
the regular appropriation bill is coming up at an
early day, it seems to me this amendment had
better be left to be put on that bill, provided we
should agree to it.
Mr. HALE. All the explanation I can give
about that amendment is this: it was asked for
by letters addressed by Captain Dahlgren to the
head of the Ordnance Bureau, Captain Harwood;
and Captain Harwood and the Secretary of the
Navy both indorsed and recommended it. At the
suggestion of the committee, I went to the navy-
yard and saw Captain Dahlgren, and asked him
specially and particularly what he wanted it for,
and he explained to me that it was utterly impos-
sible from any of the founderies that were now in
existence in the country to get the heavy ord-
nance they wanted, and those that were in the
country were occupied principally by the Army;
that he proposed with the appropriation of $50,000
to enlarge the building, and this sum was to be
devoted to furnaces and casting, and that it had
nothing at all to do with the establishment of a
permanent national foundery. Since that, as I
said, the Secretary, in a letter which is printed
and on your tables, recommends double the sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. From the explanations
which have been made, I apprehend there is a
misunderstanding about it somewhere. During
the debate in the House of Representatives on the
motion, as I remember it, of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the appropriation of
$50,000 was transferred from the appropriations
for next year to the appropriations for this year,
on the ground that it was necessary to expend the
$50,000 immediately, and in the manufacture of
ordnance. Now, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire himself states that the object of this amend-
ment is to enlarge the foundery. There is a found-
ery there now, and they have been casting. This
| §50,000 will enlarge it, and the $250,000 may be
expended in cnlaiging it—it is under the direction
of the Secretary—or in casting. We cannot tell
