1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
United Slates are a confedeiacy of States—that we are a
confedeiated and not a consolidated Republic. The Gov-
ernor of this State is under a lnjrb and solemn obligation
'to maintain tiie lawful rights and privileges thereof as a
sovereign, liee, and independent State,' as lie is (to sup-
pott thy Constitution or' the United States,' and the obliga-
tion to suppoit the latter imposes an additional obligation
to support the former. The building cannot stand if the
pillars upon which it rests aie impaired or destroyed. The
same Con-titution which delegates powers to the Geneial
Government, forbids the exercise of powers not delegated,
and receives those powers to the Stales respectively."
And that was "approved by both Houses,"
and the following resolution passed:
" Resoh-erl, That the conduct of his Excellency, the Gov-
ernor, in refusing 10 order the militia of this State into the
service of the United States, on the requisition of the Sec-
retary of War ami Mapr General Dearborn, meets with the
entile approbationot this Assembly."
That report, which thus met the unanimous
approval of the Legislature of that renowned Com-
monwealth, contains little else than the doctrines
to be found in the resolutions of 1798.
A Voice. Was it Massachusetts?
Mr. WADSWORTH. No, sir, it was not
Massachusetts, but it was a New England Com-
monwealth that is well worthy of our love and
respect. Well, sir, I am not going into an exam-
ination of what were the feelings of the people of
New England at that time, and in relation to the
war of 1812, and the reluctance they showed to
embark in that war. It was a serious question
to them. They lived by commerce, and they were
exposed to the assaults of a great naval Power;
the storm of war would burst upon them and upon
their homes and families, and it was not unnat-
ural that they should pause. Upon that occasion
the Commonwealth of Kentucky did not pause.
She gave the best blood she had for the defense
of the c.ountiy. ller Shelbys, her Johnsons, her
Crittendens, rushed beneath the btfnner of the na-
tion to protect the wilderness yonder in the West
and by the lakes which is now filled with great
and rising peoples. They laboied and suffered
and died, and all the fields of Michigan and Ohio
and Canada West are memorized by the bones
and blood of sons of Kentucky, who sacrificed
their lives in a war against a foreign foe. We
were then in the middle of this Confederacy and
safe from the howl of war; the smoke of it could
not come near us.
But now mark thechange. In April, 18G1, when
the President issued his proclamation, the people
of Kentucky were in the midst of a canvass to
elect commissioners to a border State convention
to try to save the shedding of fraternal blood and
to keep this Governmentintact. They were taking
counsel together for the election of twelve com-
missioners, and all their thoughts were bent on
pc ce, when at that moment of time, dreadful as
" a fire bell in the night," the traitorous cannon
sounded that drove this nation to madness and
war. There were two tickets in the field, one a
Union ticket headed by my renowned and vener-
able colleague, [Mr. Crittenden,] and the other
a secession ticket headed by one who bears a
name honored in Kentucky, and in the United
States, and throughout the civilized world. When
that cannon sounded and that proclamation was
issued the secession ticket was withdrawn from
the field, and the leader on that ticket issued a
card in which he declared that the State must se-
cede and make common cause with our southern
brethren because we were attacked by an abolition
power for the purpose ofstrikmg down the insti-
tution of slavery. But, sir, the people of Ken-
tucky heeded not that voice, but determined still
to pursue their mission of peace, to preserve their
loyalty to the Constitution, and to do all in their
power, without entering rashly and insanely into
this war, but arrest it if possible and preserve
the Union. The State ad ministration of Kentucky
was not ill the hands of men who were en rapport
with the popular heart of the State. I will sa^
that much. I do not choose to say any more. I
am not one of those that would intempcrately and
rashly criticise and condemn the conduct ol the
Governor of the State upon that occasion. I say
that if he had made his response m a more tem-
perate manner, the act would have entirely received
my approbation.
What was the question presented to us? It
was far more serious than that presented to New
England in 1812. It was not the bombardment by
thelieets of a foreign Power of our ports, nor alone
the destruction of our trade. No, the question
presented to the people, whose venerable age and
feeble womanhood and helpless infancy were
thought to be, by their happy central position,
forever safe from the storm of war, was whether
we would make our own homes the field of con-
flict, so that whichever side should be the victor
we should be the vanquished and trampled out in
the strife. It was plain to us that whichever side
we took our State was again to become the dark
and bloodyground—thatbeautiful State, filled with
a constitution-loving, fraternal, loyal, Christian
population, was to be rent and torn by this social
cataclysm. Who rises here to cull in question the
act of that great State in pausing solemnly under
such circumstances, before she proceeded to shed
brother's blood? Who can rashly assail and tra-
duce her? The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Van Horn] spoke about Kentucky's " disgrace-
ful neutrality." Sir, the people of Kentucky will
feel much concern when they learn that the gen-
tleman from New York entertains that opinion of
their action. There never can be any excuse for
assailing a State. You may assail individuals if
they are worth attention, but 110 man makes any
reputation in calling in question the character of
the people of a State no less renowned than Ken-
tucky. Sir, with the State government against
us, and with no possibility of opening the polls
in some parts of the State, we went on with the
election, and out of one hundred and forty-six thou-
sand votes in the State, we polled about one hun-
dred and seventeen thousand affirmative votes in
behalf of the Union; and yet we are told here that
there are 110 loyal slaveholders in the country? I
have no word of ill-feeling to utter towards any
gentleman who entertains and utters thatopinion.
I state these facts and leave hull to the public and
his fraternal constituents.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. WADSWORTH. Do not be in too much
haste to get into the finances. I assuie you I am
on neither side of these disputed figures. 1 am
for the man who can truthfully make the debt the
smallest. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I supposed the gentleman was
through.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Well, sir, we elected
those commissioners; they met and engaged in
their labor of love, and the country had the ben-
efit of their counsel. In the mean time, our Gov-
ernor issued his proclamation of neutrality, as he
called it, placing our Government and the bogus
confederate government upon the same level, and
warning each of them to keep its troops out of the
State. I undertake to say that the one hundred
and seventeen thousand voteis of Kentucky ut-
terly repudiated any such position as this guber-
natorial secession ordinance assumed. Ourposi-
tion was not that of neutrality in any proper sense
of the term at all. We weft inactive in the war,
and we wisely and loyally chose to be inactive
in the war. We are responsible for that to our
country and to all men. Judge us and denounce
us for that as much as you please; but the pre-
tense of neutrality set forth in the Governor's
proclamation was utterly repudiated by the loyal
masses of the State. That wc were resolved at that
time not to enter into thewarisdistinctand palpa-
ble, and wc are 1 esponsible for that. The Governor
for a long time withheld the issuing of his procla-
mation for an election to the present Congress.
On the 4th of March, 1861, we ceased to have
any members of Congress; but it was not until
the 20th of June that the Governor issued his
proclamation for an election for members of Con-
gress. We entered into that canvass, and met the
enemies of the Union in opposition to us—a fiaud-
ulent opposition, pretending Union,but teaching
the people of Kentucky that the people of the
  peop - . .
North had made this war, and was waging^it for
the purpose of extinguish! ng slavery in the South.
They said it was "a John Brown raid on a large
scale," and that the design of the Black Republic-
an Administration was to strike down their insti-
tution, make the negro free, and elevate him to
an equality with the white man. I met that argu-
ment on every stump 111 my district, and taught
the people to honor and confide in you as breth-
ren. Alas! who was right in the argument.
We elected nine out of ten members of Con-
gress pledged to the support of the Admimstra-
tion m all constitutional efforts to defend the Gov-
ernment of our country. We were here at the
time of that fatal battle of Bull's Run, and in1 the
midst of the panic and alarm that succeeded it.
We left here when it seemed as if the power of
the nation lay smitten to the dust by the powerof
the rebellion. We went back to Kentucky, and
011 the first Monday in August ensuing elected^ a
nearly unanimous delegation to tire Suite Lcgis-
lature pledged to rally around the Constitution
and the Union, and to take the field, if need bft,
to retrieve their fortunes. At a moment of dis-
aster like that which smote down the XJpiorusf
Bull Run, only the true lover comes closerto your
side. Yes, sir; if atany time there had been lurfcr
ing fraud and treason in the biave and pure and
fraternal heart of Kentucky, she would have dis-
played it then. But the impatient brigands (if
treason, now.desperate of support, invaded us at
three points, and our people put on their armor.
Within forty days Kentucky sent more soldiea
to the field than the State of Massachusetts her-
self, although Massachusetts, I believe, has twelve
members on tins floor, and Kentucky but ten.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my colleague allow
me to say one word ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. Yes.
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague has very prop-
erly said that the position assumed by the peo-
ple of Kentucky was not a position of neutrality
in this war, but was a position of inaction. Now,
I wish to suggest to my colleague and to the com-
mittee at this time that that position was assumed
by the people of Kentucky with the full knowl-
edge and sanction of the Administration now in
power—of the President and his Cabinet,
Mr.WADSWORTH. Thatis true,Mr.Chair-
man, as I have often heard; and it proved to be of
more advantage to this Government than if Ken-
tucky had consented to be torn in pieces and sub-
jected to the same cruel experiences as her beloved
sister, Missouri. But we afterwards came with
thirty-five 1 egiments to the assistance of the Union,
at a time when its fortunes seemed desperate; and
when Congress met the past winter wc introduced
into this House a bill to authorize Kentucky to
raise and organize twenty additional regiments.
That bill was perfected to the satisfaction of every-
body on this floor. Still there was a sectional
prejudice against it. But it was passed by a large
majority iii this House, and sent to the Senate.
There it lingers to this day,opposed, as I believe,
through sectional jealousy. Had this bill become
a law at that time, these twenty additional regi-
ments would have now been in the field and inval-
uable. They would have shrunk from 110 perils
on the field of honor; but, topping the Cumberland
mountains, they would have redeemed loyal Ten-
nessceans from the prison-houses of Knoxville.
But the bill still lies in the Senate.
The Government now calls for more regiments;
and at this moment of time the Governor of Mas-
sachusetts, contrary, as I believe, to the pulsa-
tions of that great and noble State, responds in
the letter which contains, as I undertake to say,
murmurs and expressions of hesitation and reluc-
tance, if not conditions to be exactcd on his part
as a lepresentative of that State. The letter speaks
for itself. Here it is:
boston, .may 19,1862.
Sir: I lmve this moment received a telegiam in these
^ "Tlic Secretaiy of War desires to know how soon you
can raise and organize tbice or lour infantry regiments, and
have them ready to be forwaided here to be armed
equipped. 1'lease answer immediate]}-,and state thenum-
bei jou can lai&p. ^ ^ THOMAS, JWjutavl Getieral. 
i A call so sudden and unexpected finds me without ma-
II tennis for an intelligent i epiy. Our jounjr meniaie all pre-
! occupied with other views, htill, if a re.al calill(or three
! raiments is made, I believe we can laise them m forty
'' da^ " The arms and equipment, would need to be lurched
,1 heie Our people have n^ver maiehed without them. Tjiey
I! l!o hito camp while loimlng into ^
and oiaeticed with arms and muskets <is boldieis. I o at-
'! ? n i t!i othcr course would dampen enlhusia&m, and
!' S they weio not soldiers but a mob.
'1 A4h). i tour people (eel that they aie going into tlie bout l
to bdo Vlit rebel, who will kill ""'1 do"iny tliem, by oil
to nup i o   wpli ns civilized men ; will do-
i; nse tlicir negio slaves again-t them both as laboiers and
I 1i.rhtra" men! while thev themselves! must never fire at the
1 rneimmagazine, 1 think they will teel the dralt is Heavy
! on their patnoti-m. lint tho rieadent will bustaltl Gen-
'• era I Hunter and recognize all men, even black men, as
i legally capable ol' that loyalty the blacks arc waiting to man-
! H'eU and let than tist't with Gud und human nature on
I then Side, tho ro.uls will swann,« need be, with multitudes
i whom New Encland would pour out to obey your call.
Always reaih to do my utmost, I icniain, '
youi obedient servant,
To Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
