1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3351
you violate the Constitution of the country, you
must arrest him by warrant, and then the grand
jury examine the case; if they think him guilty,
they indict him. He must be tried by the traverse
jury, and if found guilty, he may be hanged. If
found innocent he would be discharged. All these
privileges he has; all these securities he has; they
are secured for the wisest and most beneficent pur-
poses. You must establish his guilt in the mode
and manner prescribed by law, before you can pun-
ish him; but the astounding doctrine of the Sena-
tor from Indiana would say, this man is entitled
to no protection, none. I ask no other protection
than the Constitution gives him, and that is a fair
trial in accordance with the laws of the land, in
order that his guilt may be established or his in-
nocence made manifest—punish the guilty, and
let the innocent go free. Nobody asks more; no
man who reveres the Constitution of the country
should submit to having less. On the doctrine the
Senator announced here to-day, everybody that
presumed another to be a rebel and a traitor might
go and, ad libitum, him; that is, the guilty and
innocent would suffer together. Sir, the poorest
criminal is entitled to all the guarantees and all the
protection of the Constitution and laws. They
were made for the benefit of all citizens. In oider
to protect and shield the innocent and to punish
only the guilty, the law presumes every man in-
nocent until his guiltis made manifest in the mode
and manner prescribed in the Constitution and
laws. None can be rightfully punished until they
have had a fair and impartial trial and found guilty
by the jury and sentenced by the court, in obedi-
ence to the law.
The Senator from Indiana has said a great deal
about Judge Douglas. I understand what was
Senator Douglas's position precisely. I knew
what it was in the Senate Chamber. I know how
he labored,to settle all these difficulties by com-
promise and by amicable adjustment. I know
how he deprecated war. I remember when he an-
nounced in this Chamber, and the sentence thrilled
through every chord of my heart, that war was
dissolution, final, eternal. This was the position
assumed by Senator Douglas. After the war came,
I know that in his late speeches he was for its vig-
orous prosecution; but while he was for the vig-
orous prosecution of the war, he was utterly op-
posed to any violation of the Constitution. In the
extract which I have read from the last memora-
ble speech of that distinguished man, he said," we
must not invade any constitutional rights." Is it
not the constitutional right, I would ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana, of the poorest criminal, whether
he be traitor, murderer, or thief, to be tried in ac-
cordance with the laws of the land ? Certainly it
is; but if he be a traitor or a rebel, the Senator
would not give himthatpoor boon. Judge Doug-
las said, " the innocent must not suffer." If you
arm the negroes and turn them loose, do you not
know that rapine, murder, pillage will follow? If
you establish the doctrine that the Army may
seize from the rebels whatever they have, do you
not know that women and children will die of
starvation ? Senator Douglas says," savages m ust
not be let loose." He meant by that that negroes
must not be armed; but the Senator from Indiana
avows that, if necessary, he is ready to arm them.
I will defend the memory of Douglas from any
such outrage as that he was willing to arm negroes.
The Senator says he is opposed to inciting in-
surrection. I have no doubt that he is; butdoes
not the Senator know that the logical sequence of
his proposition to arm negroes is the very thing
that will incite insurrection. It will carry it to
eveiy hearthstone, to every house where the per-
nicious doctrine may go, in the southern Slates.
That will be the inevitable consequence. _ If you
do not desire to incite domestic insurrection, for
God's sake dismiss this foul heresy of arming
the slaves, for I tell youit willlead to that; it will
follow inevitably as the night follows the day. It
cannot be averted if you carry out the doctrine of
arming the slaves. The Senator says, that if ne-
cessary he will use all the means to save the coun-
try; that is a verybioad expression. Would you
overthrow and destroy the Constitution to main-
tain the territorial status of the country ? I should
suppose not. If it was necessary to reduce rebel
States to allegiance to the Government, would you
lead their white women and children and sell them,
as many nations did in ancient times? These are
means, and means that nations before this have
resorted to. History in its annals is full of such
instances where whole tribes have been led captive
and sold into bondage; and when gentlemen say
all the means, they embrace that. All is not a part.
I am confident, however, the Senator did not in-
tend to speak so broadly. I have certainly no
intention to do him injustice; I certainly would
not knowingly misrepresent him.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not want the Senator
from Kentucky to be talking about mtirder when
lam talking about another thing. I do not intend
that the record of this debate shall go out in that
way. I have not talked about a man committing
murder. I have talked about a single proposition,
and that of a different character. My proposition
was that when the Army, to save the Government
was marching to restore order through regions
where wicked men are banded and armed in rebel-
lion against this Government, it had a right to sub-
sist itself off the property there; and if the owners
of the property are loyal men, we will pay them;
if they are disloyal men, we wii! not. That is
what I said and what 1 mean. When our Army
goes to restore the Government through a coun-
try where men are in rebellion against it, it is the
duty of this Government to make that Army sup-
port itself off those in rebellion.
Now, a word about Judge Douglas, and I nm
done. 1 have a right to make an allusion to this
distinguished and lamented statesman. I hardly
think it fair to quote his remark made before the
war commenced. Thousands of times have I said,
as the Governor of Indiana, that war is disunion.
There is not a patriot in the length and breadth of
the land that has not said so. But when that senti-
ment was uttered, it was when we did not know
that there was a band of men in a portion of this
country who have for years been plotting its de-
struction. That factis nowknown. Judge Doug-
las, before he died, said that was the case. The
record was before him; and when the head of the
lebelhon showed itself, he said that all patriots
throughout the land should be united in putting it
down. It is true that, before the war commenced,
Judge Douglas said that war would be disunion;
but at thd fust dieadful bugle sound of this rebel-
lion he was a patriot. He always was a patriot.
He differed, as I differ, from men in this Cham-
ber; but I have no difference now with any man
who is in favor of putting down this rebellion.
Still, with all my bcnevolcnce, and with all my
chanty, I cannot'have the feelings of my heart en-
larged* very much for men who never see anything
right in the conduct of their Government. 1 can-
not take the hand of my friend from Kentucky,
and say that he is as pure a patriot as I would de-
sire him to be, if he sees nothingrightin this Gov-
ernment. I know there are men who think there
never ought to have been any coercion, and that
we ought to have submitted. Judge Douglas di<f
not think so. When the rebels attacked our coun-
try, he was for war to the knife, and the knife to
the hilt; and then, whenever he had occasion to
talk to the people, his language was, " Country-
men, let the past be forgotten; buiy your past
political differences; rally round this Government
until you shall put down the rebellion."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. Unless Sen-
ators ask separate votes, the vote will be taken
collectively on the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for a separate vote on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
The PRESIDING OFFICFJl. That amend-
ment will be reserved. Is there any other amend-
ment which any Senator desires to except?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio is defeated, I shall then
demand the yeas and nays on the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take the question on the amendments not excepted
to together.
The amendments were concurred in, except that
excepted by Mr. Howard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the excepted amendment, which will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In section thirteen, after the word " descent," insert
" who by the laws of any State shall owe service or labor
to any person who during the present rebellion has levied
wai or borne arms against the United States, or adhered to
their enemies by giving them aid and comfort."
Mr. HOWARD. I had understood that a
verbal amendment was made to that amendment
of the Senator from Ohio by striking out " their
enemies," and inserting "the insurgents."
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the Senator from
Michigan is not in favor of the amendment in
either contingency, I prefer to let it stand. If the
Senator would vote for it, then I woulil accept it,
but I think it had better stand.
Mr. HOWARD. That only makes it more
objectionable to me. I ca!l for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Browuins, Carlile, Cowan,
Davis, Dooltule, Fe-ssenden, Foster, Harris, Henderson,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Iiice, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stark, Ten Eyek, Wiliey, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Howard,
King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Poineioy, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, WiikinMiu, and Wilson of Mat-sachusults—14.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read the third time. On its pas-
sage, Mr. Saulsbury called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mosms. Anthony, Browniwj, Chandlei, Clark,
Cowan, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Haiian,
Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomrroy, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Evck, W.ide, Wilkinson. Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wught—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Kennedy, Pow-
ell, Sanlslmiy, Stark, Wiliey, and Wilson of Missouri—9.
So the bill was passed.
BILLS BKCOMK LAWS.
A message fiom the Piesident of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Socretaiy,announced
that the President had this day approved and signed
the following acts:
An act (S. No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d
March, 1837, entitled " An act supplementary to
the act entitled ' An act to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States;' "
An act (S. No. 123) to extend the provision of
the act of August 4, 1852, entitled "An act to
grant the right of way to all rail and plank roads,"
&c., for the term of five years, and to amend the
same; and
An act (S. No. 363) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to accept the title to League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 202) requiring the commanders of
American vessels sailing to foreign ports, and per-
sons prosecuting claims, to take the oath of alle-
giance;
A bill (No. 350) to suspend temporarily the
operation of an act entitled" An act to prevent and
punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with
making contracts for the Government," approved
June 2, 1862; and
A bill (No. 376) to allow and pay to the State
of Missouri the amount of money expended by
said State in the arming and paying of troops em-
ployed in the suppression of insurrection against
the Government of the United States.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bill and
joint resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 574) abolishingcongressional mile-
age; and
A joint resolution (No. 109) to amend section
seventy-seven of " An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the pubhedebt."
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a resolution to ex-
tend the time fixed for the adjournment of the
two Houses of Congress until Thursday, the 17th
instant, at twelve o'clock, meridian, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
LABOR AT NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
