1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
anything about that. My own opinion is that as
we shall have the other bill before us undoubtedly
within five or six weeks at most, we had better
defer this appropriation of $250,000 until the bill
for next year comes in. Fifty thousand dollars
is certainly about all that can be expended in the
mean time.
Mr. GRIMES. And that is to be expended in
erecting buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot possibly be
done. We shall have more time to consider it
when the other bill is before us; and I am inclined
to think the recommendation made was for an
appropriation in the bill for next year, instead of
this, which is merely for deficiencies for this year,
bccausc $50,000 was all that was asked as a defi-
ciency for this year. 1 think it had better be de-
ferred" until we understand more about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Move to reconsider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can have another
vote on it m the Semite.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. The Chair will put the
question on the ag^tegate amendments, unless
some Senator should indicate one or more on
which lie desires a separate vote.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
a separate vote on the pi oposition in regard to the
Stevens battery as amended. I want to vote against
it, now that it is perfected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment in reference to the Stevens battery will be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Fkss&ndkn.) Do you
not want another vote on the proposition for ord-
nance at the navy-yard here?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not lake the mat-
ter out of the hands of the gentlemen who staited
it. It is on their responsibility, and not upon
mini), i only j;ave my opinion in regard to it. If
none* of the Naval Committee choose to make an
exception of it, let it go.
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senate,
I desire to read the letter of the Secretary on that
subject. It is a very brief one:
Navy Department. Fcbiuaiy lo, 18(W.
Sir: In consequence ol the extraordinary demand lor
heavy oidrmnco, and the fact that puvnto establishments
cannot pioduce near the quantity requited, [ mot earn-
estly ask the committee to lecoininend an appropuation of
$2o0,00U, to enable the Department to commencc at once
the casting heaviest ordnance at the Washington navy-yaid.
I «un verv respectfully, your obedient ^-ivant,
GIDEON WELLES.
Hon. J. f\ UAt.n,
Chairman Naval Committee, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall make no objection
to it. It can go to the House and they can de-
termine it.
Mi. MALE. Before 1 sit down, 1 will state
that this letter of the Secretery was accompanied
with a letter from Captain Dahlgren and uno from
Captain llarwood, I have not the haters here.
Mr. CLARK. It is within my knowledge that
they applied to a pnvateestablishmcnt in myStalo
for heavy ordnance, but that establishmenteould
not do it; they made a second application to that
foundery, they were so much m need of it. I
transmitted that application, but they could not
°Thc PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in all the amendments made as
m Committee of the Whole, with the exception
of the one in reference to the Stevens battery.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring m the following amendment:
he it further enatfed. That the sum of £'83,"2D}. be-
in? the amount nocev-ary to be provided, as cmimated by a
board appointed mi that purpose, to pay fb< and tin Mi the
Stevm* batten, now paitiallv constructed ar Hohokcn.
New Jersey, be and the same herebj appiopuated out ot
any inonej in the Trt>aMiiy not other wise appiopi tated. loi
the imni'Mhaie completion of said battel\ • Prorulcrf. That
m the eonriaet fni tiro completion ot said ve^el it shall he
stipulated that no pait of the money Wanned by Edwin A.
Stevens to have been heietolore expended by htm upon said
ve-^el *.hall be i minded until th<' amount ot' '•aid el aim shall
be established to the satisfaction ot the Societal}'of the
Navy; and the paunent oi said sum shall be contingent
upon the sueees-, oi said ve^^l as air non-clad siM-guui"
war steamoi .to be deteimincd h\ the Pie-ident; and stroll
contract -hall -tipulatc the time within which the vessel
fdiall he completed • lJro tided, nevci Ikclcsi, Thnx said money
phall not be expended unless the Secietaiv of the i\avy is
of opinion that the same will &eeure to tire public serviet
an efficient steam battery.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays on concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carhle, Clark,
Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Doohrtle, Foot, Ilalo, Harris,
Henderson, King, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Powell,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Thomson,Trum-
bull, Wade, Willey, Wilmot,and Wilson of Missouri—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pom-
eroy, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—11.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILMOT. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-doy, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that motion
now. Let us pass the bill first.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
cind the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed; and its title amended so
as to read, " A bill making additionnl appropria-
tions forthe naval service for the year ending 30th
of June,1862."
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. POWELL. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 28, 1869.
j The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
i by 13. F, Teft, D. D., of Bangor, Maine.
I The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
i MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
! The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
! before the llouson communication from the Pres-
1 identofthe United States, tiansmittmg a copy of
j a communication of the )21st of December last,
. addressed to the Secietary of the State by the Gov-
| ernorof theTei ntory of Nevada, and commending
- to the particular attention of Congress those parts
' of it which show that further legislation is desir-
! able for the public welfare; which was referred to
; the Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
i 1 MAKY A. BE11AULT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
! before the House a communication from the Sec-
! ictary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution of
I the House of Representatives of the 14tli instant,
relative lo the claim of Mary A. Bcrault, admin-
istratrix of the lato Joseph Wheaton; which was
laid on the table, and ordeicd to bo printed.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE AllMY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication fiom the
Secretary of War, m answer to a resolution of
the House of February 10, 186:3, relative to the
efficiency of the medical depar tment of the Army;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
: printed.
j 1 PUBLIC RESTAURANT.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous consent,
, laid before the House a communication from the
! Commissioner of Public Buildings, in answer to
I a resolution of the House of the 26th of March,
i in reference to the gas and coal used in the pub-
! lie restaurant; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
REGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Public Library, re-
ported back a joint resolution (H. R. No. 49)
for the appommont of Theodore D. Woolsey,
of Connecticut, regent of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, in the place of Cornelius C. Felton, de-
ceased.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly tead the third time, and passed.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COPY-RIGHTS.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to have printed a bill which I reported
to the House a few days ago from the Committee
on Patents and the PatentOfiice. It is House bill
No. 343, to amend an act respecting copy-rights,
approved February 3, 1831.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
LAKE DEFENSES.
Mr. GRANGER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the select com-
mittee on lake defenses a bill making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and repair
ofcertain fortifications, and other works of defense,
on the northern frontier, for the fiscal years end-
ing June 30, 1862, and June 30, 1863; and that it
may be printed, and recommitted to theeommittee.
No objection being made, the bill was reported,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
special committee on lake defenses.
PENSION TO WIDOWS OF SOLDIERS KILLED.
Mr. WASHRURNE. I wish to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. I understand that the Attorney General
has decided that under existing laws tlie widows
of the officers and soldiers killed in battle are not
entitled to a pension. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
if any action has been taken by that committee to
remedy that defect in the law?
Mr. EDWARDS. A bill for that purpose has
been reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has it been passed?
Mr. EDWARDS. It has not.
Mr. WASHKURNE. I hope it will be passed
at once.
JOIIN ERICSSON.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con*
sent of the House to report back, with a substi-
tute, a joint resolution acknowledging the enter-
prise, skill, energy, and forecast of Mr. John
Eucsson tn the construction of his iron-clad gun-
boat Monitoi, and tendering to him the thanks of
Congress for the great service he has thus ren-
dered. ,,.The original resolution was introduced
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Edwards,] and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. Subsequently, the same gentleman
presented to us a substitute, which theeommittee
now desire to report as a substitute for the ori-
ginal resolution.
No objection being made, the report was made,
and the substitute was before the House for con-
sideration. The substitute was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of *dmcrica in Comrress assembled, That it is
fit and pioper tluu a public acknowledgment be made to
Captain John Eiic^on lor the cnu*i prise, skill, cneigy, and
forecast di&plajcd b> him in the construction of hid iron-
clad boat the Monitor, winch, under gallant and able man-
agement, came so opportunely to the rescue of our fleet in
Hampton Roads, and perchance, ot all out coast defenses
neai, and ariosted the work of destruction then being suc-
cessfully prosecuted by the enemy with their iron-clad
steamer, heemnrjjly irresistible by any other power at our
command—and that the thanks of Congas are hereby pre-
sented to him for the great service which he has thus ren-
dered to the country.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not object to
this resolution, but I would prefer that it be de-
ferred a few days, as it is understood that another
trial of the qualities of that vessel will be made
in a few days.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask to have the substi-
tute put on its passage now.
The substitute was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, the consid-
eration of this resolution has been delayed by the
pressure of the financial measure, which occupies
daily attention, and other business, some eight
or ten days; but as the transaction to which it re-
lates, though it has lost something of its novelty,
has lost none of its interest or importance, I now
submitsomeremaikswhich I had intended to offer
at an earlier day.
Sir, we have had of late so many brilliant
achievements by our Army and Navy that votes
of thanks have got to be quite frequent tributes
to bravery and skill. For succcsses of the usual
character these, complimentary expressions, how-
ever much deserved, may well be made without
accompanying comments. In the present case,
however, the transaction which has suggested the
resolution now before us was of so thrilling, %©
extraordinary, and so important a character, that
