•1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
I trust I may be allowed briefly to commend it to
attentibn at this time, and to ask the adoption of
the resolution by more than a formal and cold
response. It has been long known that, at Nor-
folk—where, and near where, we have experienced
nothing but disaster since the outbreak of treason
until the closing scene of this late desperate naval
engagement—one of our war steamers, which we
attempted to destroy to save it from capture
when that naval station was seized by armed re-
bellion, had been recovered and was being con-
verted into an armored frigate. We had given but
little heed to the progress of this work, reposing
upon the mistaken confidence designedly en-
couraged .by false reports, that the enterprise was
to prove a failure.
The intelligence, then, which reached us in the
quiet hours of a past Sabbath, that the conver-
sion referred to had been accomplished, and that
the new structure thus created was then already
rioting in the work of destruction for which it was
designed; that she was moving among our fleet
lying off that coast, in their wonted consciousness
of strength and security, in her mail-clad vest-
ment, as if invulnerable, and unconquerable by
any force that could be pitted against her; that
wherever she moved, resistance was unavailing;
that heedless of shot and shell, and as if bearing a
charmed life, she had burned,sunk, and destroyed
whatever opposed her march upon the deep, could
not fail to excite wonder and alarm.
Sir, no one will forget the impress made upon
him on that day by the scene, which the telegraph
so vividly portrayed, of resistless power on the one
side and utter impotency on the other.
The riding down and crushing and sinking of
the Cumberland; the capture and burning of the
Congress; the Minnesota and the St. Lawrence
aground wn^ helpless, and apparently out of reach
of succor; the attendant loss of life—all these,
with unenactcd horrors in the perspective, and
superadded to these, national disgrace seemingly
unavoidable, all presented to us in a single revela-
tion, unheralded by any note of warning, could
not fail to darken and cloud, for the time, the
present with dismay, and the future with discour-
agement.
The Merrimac, or the Virginia, as she has been
newly christened, yet unscathed, was ready at her
pleasure to renew her unfinished work with the
coming day. Who did not fed, as he reflected
upon that intelligence, a sinking of the heart, admk
forclx>di g,a deep sense of unrelieved humiliation?
Wo had just begun to lose sight of our eaily re-
verses, and wens making head against the rebel-
lion at so many points that the end of the unnat-
ural strife, which had been forced upon us, had
begun almost to be visible, and now, by our neg-
lect of a preparation in our power to have made,
and the necessity of which we ought to have fore-
seen, we were allowing the enemy this terrible
success, to reassmo their dispirited forces, and to
awaken in them new courage and determination
to prolong the contest. Who did not feel that all
our ships within reach, that all our coast defenses,
and the propeity under their protection, were at
the mercy of this marine monster, whose power
and voracity had been so fearfully exhibited?
Why, sir, if the intelligent business men of the
city of New York, coolly mcasuiing the powerof
the assailant and their own peril, could suggest as
a measure of security the sinking of vessels to
obstruct the water approach to their harbor, as we
are informed they did, who may not have felt that
any other locality, which could be thus reached,
was still more m danger of attack?
Sir, it was when this fei-hn:; was upon us the
strongest, and was already widu-.spirad and still
spreading, that there succeeded, by the same swift
medium of communication, the grateful, the reas-
suring, the heart-cheer.nr* intelligence that the
work of destruction was stayed; that the victor,
in the pride of his strength and in the flush of
his triumph,had been met and been vanquished,
and that security from further assault had been
achieved. All incredulous, it seemed almost as if
some miracle had been wrought for our deliver-
ance; and when told that ail had been accom-
plished by a seemingly inadequate instiument-
a!ity,thatacombatantof inferior size and ofliHnei
armamenthud gallantly thrown itself into tlufcon-
flict and overwatched its foe, a thrill of joy and
admiration welled up from the depths of every
loyal heart. The apprehensions which had settled
down so thickly upon us were at once dissipated,
and our wonted sense of safety returned.
Sir, we owe all this change to the Monitor, aud
to the projector and proprietor of that concentra-
tion of naval power and efficiency, and to the bold
and skillful conduct of her commander and his
command in that day of desperate strife. Inci-
dents in war less striking in their aspects and less
important in their consequences than the one we
are commending have been rewarded by more
than a nation's thanks and a nation's gratitude.
Under otheivGovemments they have won for the
actors rank and titles; under ours they should at
least command for them public recognition and all
merited appreciation. This it is the object of this
resolution to bestow.
I have thus far, Mr. Speaker, confined my re-
marks to the transaction which has called forth
this notice, as viewed in connection with the parts
played by the actors immediately or more re-
motely concerned in it. There is, however, an-
ot her and a vastly more important aspect in which
it is to be regarded. It is a new exhibition on the
theater of the world. Heretofore there have been
mailed warriors, covered with defensive armor;
there have also been defenses on land, made
seemingly impregnable by strength of material
and skill of workmanship; but never before in
naval warfare has there been witnessed a conflict
between combatants full cased in iron, and each
seemingly impregnable and invulnerable. That
the conflict should have been desperate, aud the
result comparatively indecisive, upon a little le-
fieetion should excite no surprise. Terrible as
either combatant would have been to war ships
of the usual character, of any size, each to the
other proved to be invincible.
Sir, this conflict and the result is full of instruc-
tion to the country and the world. To us the little
boat which defended our interests and saved our
honor is, what its name imports, a (i monitor,"
and it speaks to us in a voice as loud and emphatic
as that which it addressed to the Merrimac from
the mouths of its Dahlgrcns. It admonishes us to
arouse from our lethargy, to attend to what is go-
ing on in the world around us, at home and abroad,
and to keep pace in the march of nations, no less
in the changes and improvements in the diead ui ts
of war, than in the mild and beneficent arts of peace.
It assures us that what we have done in this direc-
tion is right, but ton little, and that we must hasten
to make amends in the future for our apathy, nay,
almost stupidity in the past. It teaches the world
that a new era has been inaugurated in naval war-
fare, a new chapter added to naval science; that
all the < .Published axioms and rules and ideas
touching the construction and management and
relative [tower of ships of war, and of fleets and
navies, the accumulation of centuries, have been
brought to a new test, and will all have to be modi-
fied and adjusted to this new revelation. It will
teach our great rival across the water that the foun-
dation of her power and her glory is bei ng loosened
and weakened, and may moderate her usually ar-
rogant and imperious tone. How terribly does
this exhibition detract from all our accustomed
estimates and conceptions of her boasted naval
superiority.
Sir, the intelligence of this single-handed and
seemingly impromptu contest between two com-
batants of comparatively inconsideiable magni-
tude at this distant point, when it shall reach the
fast-anchored isle, will send a thrill of apprehen-
sion to every British heart, and almost, hush the
boast that "Ihitannia rules the waves."
And when a brief period of preparation shall
have passed, and when we shall have lined our
coast with these impregnable defenders, we shall
be reinstated in our wonted dignity and power, and
shall give neither apologies orreasons to the Eng-
j liyh premier "upon compulsion" foi the manner
j in which we shall ehoost'to treat our own traitoi-
i °us citizens or for any liberties we may indulge in
in obstructing some of the numerous approaches
to our extended coast, when, in our judgment, the
safety or the interests of the country shall require it.
Sir, this lesson may not be unprofitable even
to riiat proud nation itself, if it shall lower her
pride, and reduce her pretensions, and make her
moie considerate and regardful of the. rights of
other nations, and shall lead her to cultivate their
good will instead of inviting and defying their
hostility, she will better promote her own present
welfare and better provide for her future security.
But these last matters are only collateral to the
main object I have in view, and I will not, there-
fore, enlarge upon them, but defer to what I do
not doubt is at this time the desire of the House,
namely, to proceed to the consideration of the im-
portant measure which is now daily occupying
its attention.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend the title
so that it will read:
Joint lesolution presenting thanks ofCongropsto Captain
John Ericsson for the enterprise, skill, energy, and forecast
displayed by Jinn in the construction of his iron-clad boat,
the Monitor.
The amendment was agreed to.
INCREASE OF CERTAIN PENSIONS.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for
the increase of pensions in certain cases; which
was ordered to printed, and to be recommitted to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
SPRINKLING OF STREETS.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution which I think
every gentleman, who has seen the condition of
the streets this morning, will acknowledge the
propriety of.
The lesolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
the f-Vcictruy of the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed
to cau^e that part of Pennsylvania avenue between the
Capitol giounds and the Presidential Mansion to be thor-
oughly sprinkled during the pie^ent sesMon of C'ongiess,
and that he hi- authorized to make all necessary provisions
and contiacN l'or that puipo^e. The sum of $2,000 is
heieby yppiopnated for the purpose above indicated.
Mr. COX. I believe an appropriation is already
made for that purpose.
Mr. DELANO. But no person has been ap-
pointed to attend to it.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the re^olu-
tion. I think the thing ought to be done.
Mr. McKNlGI-IT. i desire to say that per-
sons upon the avenue have raised a subscription
for this very purpose.
Mr. DELANO. I venture to say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that no such subscription
is on foot, and that no such sum will ever be raised,
it hus been attempted repeatedly, and it has in-
variably failed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he modify his resolution so as to au-
thorize the Secretary to clean the streets also, and
remove the dirt.
Mi. DELANO. I do not care how the resolu-
tion is amended, provided this single object is not
defeated. The resolution is now before the House,
and it so obviously meets the wish of every gen-
tleman that I hope it will be passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing the words " cleaning and" before the word
■' sprinkling."
Mr. COX. An appropriation is already made
for that purpose, and this resolution only provides
the mode in which the appropriation shall be ap-
plied.
Mr. PUFFTNTON. I rise to a point of order.
This resolution contains an appropriation, and
must first be discussed m the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. DELANO. Then I modify the amendment
by leaving out the appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the resolution as modified?
Mr. BUFFINTON. I object.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I cannot. _ I am opposed
to watering the streets of Washington by the
Federal Government.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be received.
TAX BUL.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rule^ be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole ou the state of the Union,
lor toe purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill. ^
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
