2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Now, judge between the act of Governor Ma-
goffin and the act of Governor Andrew. Let an
impartial world judge, and see which is most to be
reprehended—the act of Governor Magoffin at the
time he took that position, or the letter of Governor
Andrew on thisoccasion. Amldistinctly under-
stood? Does every gentleman understand that I
assail no State, much less Massachusetts? I am
far from impugning the patriotism or valor of any
State; I am not capable of it! May my tongue
cleave to the roof of my mouth when I descend
to assail the Commonwealths that comprise, this
glorious Government. No, sir; this day South
Carolina is dear to me. This day I love her peo-
ple. I do not, in the language of a son of Massa-
chusetts, thank her for what she has done. I do
not, in the language of a son of Massachusetts—
one of her brightest intellects—say that I thank
God for having made Beauregard what he is. I
do not, in the language of this bright intellect of
Massachusetts, say that if so and so be not ac-
complished in twelve months or twenty-four, " I
would to God that the capital had been shelled to
ashes in July last." Do what you will, accord-
ing to your wisdom, for the honor and preserva-
tion of the Government, my prayer to God is still,
" may the Commonwealth take no damage, but,
may the issue be fortunate. May the Union rise
from its ruins, from its ashes, as it were, and put
on its old garments of strength and glory, and
flourish from generation to generation, a light and
a landmark to the people of the earth." That is
my prayer, grieved and almost hopeless as I am,
under any and all circumstances.
I do not say that if Massachusetts is tired of
this contest—I forbear to say that; it is not so—
but if her Governor is tired of the contest and
will not, freely and without condition, send her
gallant sons to the field, or if any State is tired,
Kentucky will take her place, if you will pass
our ten or twenty regiment bill. Give Kentucky
an opportunity to supply the place. We will not
ask any conditions. You have shocked the pub-
lic heart of that State. You have awakened its
distrust from one end to the other. But still, sir,
the war is upon us. We have enlisted in it and
intend to fightit out to an honoiable close. We
never expect to ground our amis until rebellion
has bowed to the Constitution, and until, by the
blessing of God, every State has returned to its
former obedience, in full possession of its former
imperishable rights. We intend to stand, indeed,
in defense of our own legal rights and social
order at all times against the three corners of
the world, if need he. Bring there your armed
forces to emancipate our slaves, if it shall come to
that, and by the God of Abraham, of Isaac,and
of Jacob, we will strike in defense of our fire-
sides; and the Constitution and human nature it-
self will stand by our sides and say, "well done,
good and faithful servants of liberty." But, sir,
we do not expect that that time will come. We
expect that our brethren in all the States will re-
spect the circumstances that surround us, and
will respect the constitutional guarantees which
should guard our society against all assaults. Our
neutrality, if you choose, is now a thing of the
past; and thus, whenever any other State gets tired
of the contest, we are prepared to put her quota
in the field. Pass our bill, and see whether or not
we are in earnest ill this great contest for the Con-
stitution.
MESSAGE FIIOM THIS SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and a message
was received fi om the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announcing that the Senate had passed
a bill (H, R. No. 389) to establish certain post
roads, with amendments; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
?'l!?',reP°ni;d as "u,y enrolled an act (S. No.
u , l'!e benefit Robert Small and others;
when the Speaker signed the same.
WASHINGTON HOSPITAL—-AGAIN.
resumed its session.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a few words only in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana. To such portion of the gentleman's
speech as was but a reproduction of his speech
the otherday, formi ng the mai n body of his speech
on this occasion, I have nothing to reply. Itdoes
not make that which is untrue, true, to repeat it,
as has been done to-day by the gentleman from
Indiana. A mistake or a blunder repeated is none
the less a mistake or a blunder. If it has been
answered by me by figures once, that will do. He
admits what I stated to be true, that he based his
own figures upon the fact that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means stated on the floor
of the House that, during a certain period, the
daily expenses of theGovernmentwere $3,000,000
and upwards. And he thinks he is justified in
assuming that if, during that period, be the
same longer or shorter, the daily expenses were
$3,000,000, therefore they were every day of the
year. Withou t hesitancy or qualification, he there-
upon asserts that every day of the year has cost
the Government$3,000,000, and that the expenses
of the'Government for three hundred and sixty-
five clays have, theiefore, reached the sum of
§1,095,000,000.
The gentleman accuscsme of misstatement. He
calls it falsehood. Well, sir, I will not quarrel
with him as to the use of an expression. I do not
think generally it is a good plan to use harsh lan-
guage. I have found that moderation is better;
that to fly into a passion will not help the matter
at all. I submit to him to possess himself in pa-
tience.
But the gentleman says that on one occasion I
myself stated that the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment weie §2,000,000 per day, and that the
war, at the rate it was going on, could not be
maintained sixty days. Well, sir, 1 stated here
to-day that on last Friday $',2,000,000 was paid
out at the Treasury Department; but I also said
that on the day before the payments were only
§800,000, on the day after only §500,000, and on
other days they were as high as the sum stated
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. DIVEN. Will the gentleman explain
whether the amount he states is what the expenses
of the Government reached, or what the payments
were?
Mr. DAWES. I will try to make it clear. I
submit again tbat, because for a ceitain period
the payments fiom the Treasury were $3,000,000
a day, it does not follow that they were $3,000,000
a day during the entire year. The only legitimate
inquiry to ascertain the expenses of the Govern-
ment is, what is the average? Give us the aver-
age daily expenses, and that same multiplied by
three hundred and sixty-five. I gave him the
average, but he did not seem to hear it. That is
all, and that is all the answer he has to make.
Now, I answer the gentleman from New York
[Mr. DivEii] that what is meant by the expenses
of the Government is this: every quartermaster,
wherever he is in tlie countiy, every disbmsnig
agent, wherever he may be in the country,every
man authorized to make this nation liable for a
dollar, reports to the Treasury Depaitmentevery
week, and thus it is that the liabilities of this na-
tion aie ascertained every week, and thus it is that
I am able to state that, with the reports from every
man who is authorized to make this Government
liable for a dollar, up to last Thursday, that is the
result.
The gentleman says that m his pension item of
$100,000,000, he included bounties, the bounties
which he says, under the act of Congress, will
amount to $70,000,000. Why, sir, when he gave
us this item ot $100,000,000 he was speaking of
the annual expenditure. He surely does not pro-
pose to pay his bounty every year. He did not
mean to suggest that this Government was to pay
$70,000,000 a year in the shape of bounty, as cur-
rent yearly expenses. Let me tell him if he be-
lieves there is any error in my statement, that the
pensions this Government is to pay cannot cer-
tainly exceed the full amount of pay according to
his rank, of every tenth man mustered into the
service. If that will not be sufficient to cover the
future expenses of the Government in the matter of
pensions, I do not know what will.
The gentleman says that he did propose some
measure of relief, that he did propose some meas-
ure for the production of revenue to support this
army in the field. What was it? It was the le-
peal of the Morrill tariff. Thatisail. The repeal
of the Morrill taiiff will produce revenue enough
to suppoi tall the aim y in the fir-Id, l hat the gentle-
man from Indiana desires to march there to meet
the enemies of thecountry face to face. Wonder-
ful supply! A powerful force surely to put down
treason could be thus maintained ! Well, sir, this
Morrill tariff, for which the gentleman thinks the
Republican party is responsible, was passed under
a Democratic Ad ministration, approved by a Dem-
ocratic President, passed by a House of Repre-
sentatives in which the Republicans were in a
minority, passed by aSenate in which the Repub-
licans were in a minority, passed in pursuance of
the recommendation ofthatsame Democratic Pres-
ident, who, in his annual messages for the four
years of his administration, had not ceased to rec-
ommend the passage of such a measure, and but
for whose well-known position in favor of such a
tariff, his election in 1856 could not have been se-
cured in the country. I repeat, that but for his
advocacy of the principles of the Morrill tariff,
Mr. Buchanan never would have been elevated to
the position of Chief Magistrate of this nation.
Nor would he have been selected as the Demo-
cratic candidate except for the very purpose of
carrying Pennsylvania on such a tariff issue. I
know the Republican party in this House voted
for it. I have no apology to make for that vote.
I am ready to defend my vote for that tariff here
or elsewhere, on any proper occasion. But not-
withstanding all that, the gentleman's party, who
have made use of the principles of that tariff to
carry a presidential election, cannot now repudi-
ate it.
The gentleman speaks about his condemnation
of and glories in his vote against the tax bill be-
cause it was twin sister with that Morrill tariff,
because it was framed principally, as he savs, for
the benefit of New England manufacturers, while
my colleague on my right, [Mr. Buffinton,] who
to-day received the compliments of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam,] voted against
it for the very opposite reason, because it grinds
down and oppresses the manufacturers of the East. '
I beg my colleague's pardon, and I leave the gen-
tleman from Indiana in his keeping.
The gentleman alludes to the President's mes-
sage, which has been just lead at the Clerk's desk.
Sir, the President takes good care not to take upon
Ins shoulders any of the contracts of Simon Cam-
eron, which have been shown to be corrupt and
fraudulent, and for which ho received the censure
of this House. The President takes upon his
shoulders and assumes the responsibility of having
advised the trusting Alexander Cummings with
the disbursement of $2,000,000, and if he did advise
it, he does right to take it upon his shoulders. I
have nothing to say about that. But when he
stops there in the middle of a resolution of cen-
sure, a part of which was forthese contracts, and
has nothing to say in behalf of Simon Cameron •
because of the censure of this House upon his pro-
ceedings connected with the contracts set forth in
the very resolution, if is an implied condemnation
of him by the President himself. Expressio unfus,
est exclxisio allerius. When he has singled out the
one and left the other, he has taken good care not
to take that load upon his shoulders. When the
time shall come that President Lincoln or any
other man shall take upon his shoulders the de-
fense of contracts that are reeking with fraud be-
fore the country, and which, I thank God, this
House of Representatives had virtue enough to
denounce and censure—1 say when the President
shall find it, in his way to take upon his shoulders
the responsibility of such contracts, it will be time
enough for me to part company with him. That
is all I have to say in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana. I have shown that the very basis of his
calculations was a mistake. To say that because
a man pays on the last day of a quarter $100 rent,
therefore his daily expenses are §100, would be
just as near the truth as the gentleman has been
in saying that because,on a certain day, $3,000,000
was paid out by the Government, therefore on
every day $3,000,000 has been paid.
I wish to say a word m reference to what fell
from the lips of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wadswokth.] The gentleman misinter-
preted entirely my allusion to the Governor of
Kentucky. Thegcntlemanfrom Intlianaarraigned
the Governor ot Massachusetts for refusing to
l espond to the call of the President of the United
States for more troops, except it be upon condi-
tions prescribed by him. I sought the floor to
correct him. He responded that when I could
point to a Democratic Governor who had ever re-
fused to respond to a call of ths President, there
