1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2393
would be time enough for me to lecture him. I
stated to him that one Democratic Governor,
whose name then occurred to me,did refuse to re-
spond, The gentleman from Kentucky approves
the refusal of Governor Magoffin, butdisapproves
the form and manner in which it was made, it
being a direct insult to the President of the Uni-
ted States. Upon that approval I have nothing
to say at this moment. I do not understand the
gentleman from Kentucky to deny that I stated
the fact accurately. I will now state further that
there was not one Democratic Governor in the
whole United States who did not refuse. Here
is the reply of the Governor of Kentucky:
Frankfort, Kentucky, April 15, 1861.
Your dispatch is received. In answer, I say, emphatic-
ally, Kentucky will fuim&li no troop*, loi the wicked put-
pose of subduing her sifter southern States.
13. MAGOFFIN, Governor of Kentucky.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
Here is another one:
Ivalfioh, Jlpril 1.), 3861.
Your dispatch is received, and, it genuine^—which its
extiaordmmy diameter leads me to doubt—£ have to s.iy in
reply, thai I regard the levy ot troops made by the Admin-
istration, for the put pose of subjugating the States of the
South, as in violation of the Constitution and a usurpation
of power. lean be no patty to this, wicked violation of
the laws of the country, and to this war upon the liberties
of a free people. You can get no troops fiom North Cato-
lina. I will icply moie in detail when vout call is received
by mail. JOHN VV. ELLIS,
Governor of North Carolina.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary oj War.
That is all I want to say. I have shown the
fact. I appreciate the situation of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Wads worth.] Nobody
admires the patriotism of those people of Ken-
tucky, who thus far have saved her Aom being
plunged into the voitex of this levolution, more
than I do. I made the allusion for the purpose
of answering the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Vooriiees.]
I mean here, however, to repel the assertion
that the present Governor of Massachusetts ever,
under any circumstances, imposed any condition
on his response to the call of the President.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is not on that point.
I agree with the gentleman so far as that is con-
cerned. 1 ask the gentleman whether he approves
the proclamation of Governor Andrew?
Mr. DAWES. I shall not forget that; but I
want to answer in my own way. The gentleman
said that Kentucky paused. When did she pause?
She paused just when Massachusetts did not
pause, when the capital of this country was men-
aced by an armed foe amid bristling bayonets.
Then it was, let me say, that Kentucky paused.
Then it was that the yeomanry and the freemen
of Massachusetts, summoned by their Governor,
were here first and foremost, spilling their blood
on the way, to defend the capital. Had Massa-
chusetts paused, had her Governor hesitated when
thf" Governor of Kentucky paused, then this cap-
ital might have been in the possession of the Goths
and the Vandals to-day. No Governor, no man
in this whole countiy, has a heart which beats
more entirely for this Union, and for the putting
down of this rebellion without qualification, stint,
or measure, than the Governor of Massachusetts.
To that work he has devoted himself from the
hour it burst forth; to its subjugation he has con-
secrated every energy. Last Sunday night, at
eleven o'clock, he received a telegraphic dispatch
that this capital was again in danger; and before
the clock struck twelve his proclamation was
issued to the more than one hundred thousand
enrolled militia of Massachusetts to meet on Bos-
ton common at nine o'clock next morning; and
before that day was closed thirty-five hundred
men were in the ranks, subject to the order of the
President. He «may have his own views on a
matter upon which the gentleman from Kentucky
is equally sensitive. He took the liberty, in his
response to the Secretary of War, to express his
views on this matter, i refer to my action from
time to time for my answer. In that communi-
cation he told the Secretary of War that Massa-
chusetts was ready to do whatever he required.
He took the liberty of saying, that if the Presi-
dent indorsed the proclamation of General Hun-
ter, not only would Massachusetts respond to
whatever call was made, but that her streets and
highways would be crowded with soldiers rush-
ing to the battle-field. That was his opinion. I
submit that it was unjust to Governor Andrew to
give his letter any different construction. The
letter of Governor Andrew will admit of no sort
of construction that will justify my friend in say-
ing that he refused to respond to this call except
upon conditions of his own prescribing. That I
may not be misunderstood, that the Governor of
Massachusetts may speak for himself on this mat-
ter, as I spoke for myself, to see what he said to
the Secretary of War, I ask the Clerk to read his
letter, and then I will have his proclamation to
the militia of Massachusetts read also.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Let me say a word.
Mr. DAWES. I will after the reading. X
know my friend does not want to do Massachu-
setts an injustice.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Nor her Governor.
Mr. DAWES. I know that the gentleman is
sensitive on a certain point where he differs from
the Governor of Massachusetts. The Governor
took an opportunity of expressing his opinions,
as the gentleman from Kentucky has done.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Boston, May 10,1SG2.
Sir: I have tins moment icceived a dispatch in these
woids, namely:
"The Secretary of War desires to know how soon vou can
laise and cngamzc throe or four more infantry regiments,
and have them ready to he forwaided hereto be aimed and
equipped. Please answer immediately, and state the num-
ber you can raise. L. THOMAS, Jldjutant General
A call ^0 million and unexpected finds me without mate-
lialsforan intelligent reply. Our young men are all pie-
oceiipU'd with other views. Still, if a real call foi three
regiments- is made, [ believe we can raise them in foity
days. The arm* and equipments would need to be tarnished
hete. Our people have nevci maiehed without them. They
go into camp while tornnnginto regiments, andaic dulled
and piactiecd with aims and mutkets as soldier-*. To at-
temp^the other com so would dampen enthusiasm and make
the men feel they were not soldiers but a mob.
Again: it our people tcel that they are going into the
South to help fight rebels who will kill and destiov them,
by all means known to t-avages as well as civilized nnm,
will deceive them by tiaudulont flags of tiuee and l\«i g
ptctenM's>.i>.theydid the Mnssaohu-ett^ boy* at Wiiliams-
i>u!g;\viii ihc their necro *.laves agam-t them both a-, la-
boreis and lighting men, while they themselves must never
Ine at the enemj's. maga/.inc, I think they will lee! the
diaft is heavy on their patiion^m. But, ii' the Piesulent
will sustain General Hunter, and lerogmze all men, even
black men, as legally capable ot that loyalty the blacks ate
wasting to manifest, and let them tight with God and human
nature on then Mde, the joads will swaim, if need be. with
multitudes whom New England would pour out to obey
your calf.
Always ready to do my utmost, I lomnw mo^i faithfully,
yom obedient servant, JOHN A. ANDREW,
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Sccictary of War.
Mr. DAWES. Subsequently to the writing of
that letter, a telegraphic dispatch was brought to
him that the authoi jties here apprehended danger
against the capital. As in April, 1861, so in May,
1862, without a moment's delay, he issued the
proclamation I ask the Clerk to read.
The Cloik read, as follows :
proclamation.
Men of Massachusetts: The wily, bail).irons horde of
traitois to the people, to the Government, to oui countiy,
and to liberty, menace again tin1 national capital. They
have attacked and routed iMajoi General Hank?, and are ad-
vancing on Harper's Fcriy and maiehuig on Washington.
The President ealKon Mu^aehu.-ctts to n-o once more ior
it-; rescue and defence. The whole active militia will be
summoned by general order is«ucd fion> the office of the
adjutant geneial toieport on Ho^ton Common to-morrow.
They will march to telieve and avenge their brcthieii and
fnends, to oppofe with fieiy zeal and courageous patiiot-
ism the progress of the foe."
May God encouiage their heads and strengthen their arms^
and may He n^pnc ihe Government and all the people.
Given at neadquaitei>313o>ton, eleven o'clock, this Fun-
da} evening. j\Iuy 38G2. J. A. ANDREW.
Mr. DAWES. One word more. The gentle- '
man from Kentucky says that when Massachu- ;
setts, or rather he said, her Governor, shall tno !
of tins war, Kentucky will take it off her hands. !
I will say no unkind thing of Kentucky, hut let i
roe tell the gentleman that Massachusetts has en- ,
listed for the war. Massachusetts has no blood,
she has no treasure, she will not pour out upon ,
the altar of the whole country. The last dollar 1
and the last man of Massachusetts will be offered
up before she will tire of this war—offered up for ;
constitutional liberty, tor the restoration of the ■
Union, and the reestablishment of the States in :
their wonted orbits. Her blood will soak the soil j
of every rebel State, if need be, to crush out this
infamous rebellion, and nut to rest forever its |
cause. Massachusetts will tire only when the ;
work is done 1
Mr. EDGERTON obtained the floor, but ;
yielded to j
Mr. LOVEJOY, who moved that the commit- j
tee rise. j
The motion was agreed to. '
So the committee rose;.and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McPherson reportedthat
the Committee of the Whole on the state'of the
Union had, according to order, bad • the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 495, for the purchase of a hospi-
tal building m the District of Columbia, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
CONFISCATION.
Mr.' POTTER.. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PORTER. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin withdraw the motion to adjourn, in order
to enable me to make a motion.
Mr. POTTER. I will.
Mr. PORTER. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing to reconsider the vote by which House bill
No. 472, to free from servitude the slaves of reb-
els engaged in or abetting the existing rebellion
against the Governmentof the United States, was
rejected.
The SPEAKER That motion is in order,
Mr, PORTER. When, a few weeks since the
confiscation bill introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was under consideration—a
bill providing for an indiscriminate and sweeping
confiscation of the property of all persons engaged
in any way in the rebellion, I offered an amend-
ment limiting the confiscation to the property of
specified classes, and providing for the emancipa-
tion of their slaves. That amendment was de-
feated, and its defeat was followed by the loss of
the bill. The special committee, to whom the
whole subject of confiscation and emancipation
was confided> afterwards reported, through the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, House bills Nos. 471
and 472. The first provided for the confiscation
of tho property of certain specified classes of rebels,
and for it I voted. The hitter, which provided for
the emancipation of the slaves of all persons im-
plicated in any way m the rebellion, 1 felt myself
bound by a sense of public duty to vote against.
In consequence of the previous question having
been sustained, I had no oppcutunity to offer an
amendment limiting emancipation to the slaves of
the classes whose property was to be confiscated
under the provisions of the bill which had been
passed. I have now moved for a reconsideration
m order to enable me to offer such an amendment.
Yielding to the desire of my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Potter,] I now move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, J\lay 28,1862.
Prayer by Rev. E. P. Phelps.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 14th instant, requesting information in regard
to arrests in the State of Kentucky, transmitting
a report of the Secretary of War, to whom the
resolution was refcired, declining to answer the
resolution on the ground that it is not deemed
compatible with the public interests, at this junc-
ture, to furnish the information desired.
Air.' POWELL. Let it lie on the table. X may
wish to make some remaiks on it at a subsequent
time. I move, also, that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secietary of the Navy, ad-
verse to the completion of the Stevens battery
according to Mr. Stevens's plan as contemplated
by the act of April 17, 186:i, appropriating the
sum of $783,294 for that object; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Grimes, was leferred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the Piesidcnt of the Uni-
ted States, in relation to a le^olutioo passed by the
House of Repiesentativi s, ccnsuring Hon. Simon
Cameron, late Secretary of War, explaining the
circumstances under which the yets of Mr. Cam-
eron, referred to in tho resolution, were done;
which, on motion of Air. Wade, was ordered to
iie on the table, and be printed.
