412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
for a provision of this kind than in almost any
other State of the Union, and for which we ought
to make this very provision which is designed to
be incorporated into out- articles of war by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Hence I think the amendment to the amendment
ought not to be adopted. The provision ought to
be general. Let it be known, let the world know,
that when this Government establishes a safe-
guard around a man's residence, or around any
public property, or around any private property,
no matter where it may be, whether upon loyal
soil or disloyal soil, the man who violates it slfla.ll
be punished.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire that this bill shall be j
made just as efficient as the Constitution will per-
mit, and therefore I would prefer that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs should
lot the bill lie over until to-morrow, in order that
it may be examined.
M r. SUMNER. I was going to make that sug-
gestion, because it is evident we cannot reach a
conclusion at an early moment upon it, and it is
important that we should go on with the special
order. The bill has been taken up by unanimous
consent, and the special order is really before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
continue before the Senate until a motion is made
to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill he post-
poned until to-morrow, for the purpose of accom-
modating Senators.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF WAR.
Mr. WADE. .1 will move now to discharge
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia from the further consideration of the bill I in-
tiodueed yesterday. They make 110 objection to
the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate proceeds,
I want to say that 1 do not wish the special order
to lose its place; that is all. I am 111 favor of the
Senaloi's hill, anil I cheerfully give way in the
hope that it may be passed without debate.
Mr. WADE. I do not suppose it will take a
moment. I merely wish to say, from the inves-
tigations before the committee of which I am a
member, that this bill has become necessary;and
it is of the first necessity that it should pass im-
mediately. There are particular reasons for it,
which t perhaps ought not to disclose. But it
lias been before our committee, and has been well
considered there. It is required by the executive
partofthcGovei nmuntnow, to-day. They wanted
it yi'stcrduy,and it cannotpasstoo soon. I hope
the committee will be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the bill will bo permitted
to pass at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the bill to which he refers by its
number or title?
Mr. WADE. It is a bill to authorize thcSec-
retaiy of War to appoint one or more Assistant
Secretaries for a limited period—for one year from
the tune of tin ir appointment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Mihtia be discharged from the further consider-
ation of tile bill indicated by the Senator from
Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisnowmoral
that tlieSenate proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. to authorize the Secietary of War
to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries.
The motion was agieed to; und the Senate, as
111 Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the lull.
Mr. WADE. I believe the language of tho bill
is to give the Secretary power to appoint" one or
more' additional Assistant Secretaries. Some
Senators object to that because it leaves an un-
limited discretion in the Secretary. I am willing
that it should be limited to two additional Assist-
ant Secretaiies.
Mr. CLARK. Say, " not exceeding two."
Air. WADE. It is all the same. Let it be
limited to two additional Assistant Secretaries.
That is all that is desired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio move (o amend the bill by striking
out " one or more" and inserting " two >"
Mr. WADE. I will so modify it. It is my
proposition yet. I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be so modified.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment to strike
out all of the bill after tho enacting clause, and in-
sert the following in lieu thereof:
That the President be, and lie is hereby, authorized to
appoint two Assistant Secretaries of War, whose salary
shall each be $3,000 per annum, who shall perform all
such duties in the office ofthe Secretary of War belonging
to that Department as shall be piesciibed by the Seeretary
of War, or as may he required by law; the offices of these
additional Assistant Secietaries to continue for one year.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire of the Senator who
offers this amendment whether the salary fixed in
it is the same as is now allowed to the present As-
sistant Secretary?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word "President" the
words, " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate."
Mr. WILSON. Those words were in tho
proposition originally; but a portion of it was
marked out. I wish to insert also tho word " ad-
ditional " before "Assistant Secretaries " in the
first part of the amendment. The compensation
that is allowed them is the same as that now re-
ceived by the present Assistant Secretary ofWar,
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now let the amendment
as modified be read, so that we may see what it is.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the President be, and he is heiebv, authorized to
appoint, by and with the udvice and consent of the Senate,
two additional Assistant Secietaries ofWar, whose Hilary
shall each he $3,000 (ku annum, who shall perforin all such
duties in flic ofllrt' of' the Seeictory of Wai belonging to
that Department as i-hall be ptesenhed by the Secretaiy of
War, or as may he required by law; the offices of these
additional A^istant Secretaries to continue for one year.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the title was amended
so ay to read: "A bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to appoint two additional Assistant Secre-
taries.55
Subsequently, a message from the House of
Representatives announced that they had passed
the bill without amendment,
PROPOSED EXPULSION Off Silt. BKIGIIT.
Mr. SUMNER.. I now call for the order of
the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order of the day, which was laid aside for the
time being, will now be taken up. It will be read
by tho Secretary.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Wilkinson on the 36th day of
December last:
Whereas Hon. Jcs>se J). Hrioht heretofore, on the 1st
day of Maieh, tSGJ, wiote n letter, of which the lollowing
la a copy:
Washington, March 1, 18G1.
My Dear .Sir : Allow me to innoduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas 15. Lincoln, ot Texa^. He visits
your capital mainly to dtspo-e ol vvtiar he regards a groat
nnpiovement m the-ami^. I i ecominend hull to your fa-
vorable cousidetauon a  ,i gentleman of the Jirst respecta-
bility, and leliable tit every jc«peet.
Very truly, your*, JESSE I). BRIGHT.
To llis Excellency Jr* mison Davis,
President oj the Confederation of States.
And whetea* wc believe, the baid letter is evidence of dis-
loyalty to the United State*, and is eaiculatcd to give aid
and comfoit to the public enemies: Therefore,
lie itiesolved, That the taid Jcssr D. Bright is expelled
fiom lus seat in the Senate ot tho United fc>tate<.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I is on the adoption of that resolution.
j Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as I have the
floor this morning on the discussion of this ques-
I' tion, I desire to say, at the beginning, that if the
ji Senator from Indiana wishes to be heard at this
|j stage, I shall cheerfully yield the floor to him for
|' that purpose; otherwise I shall proceed.
II Air. BRIGHT. The Secretary has not read tho
ll entire proceedings before the body.
!: The PRESIDING OFFICER. "The reading of
;! the report ofthe committee should have followed
|i the reading ofthe lcsolution.
11 Mr. BRIGHT. He read a part only.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, as follows:
The Judiciary Committee, to which was referred the res-
olution to expel Hon. Jesse D. BitiOHTfrom his seat in the
United States Senate, respectfully report:
That they aie of opinion the facts charged against Mr.
I'right are not sufficient to vvairant his expulsion from the
Senate, and they therefore recommend that the resolution
do not pass.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, it was not my
intention when that report was made to say any-
thing on this subject; nor had I concluded to do
so until I heard the remarks that were made yes-
terday by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilk-
inson"] and the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] I think it very probable that before the
Senate is called upon to vote, 1 shall have some-
thing to say; not so much a speech as a narrative
of facts, together with some of the motives that
prompt this movement against me. I understand
my colleague desires to speak upon this subject^
I piefei to follow him. I have nothing to add at
present.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the expulsion
of a Senator is one of the most solemn acts which
this body can be called to perform. Tho sentence
of a court in a capital case is hardly more solemn;
for though your judgment cannot take away life,
it may take away all that gives value to iife. Jus-
tice herself might well hesitate to lift the scales in
which such a destiny is to be weighed. But duties
in this world cannot be avoided. When cast upon
us they must be performed, at any cost of indi-
vidual pain or individual regret—especially in the
present case, when the Senate, whose good name
is in question, and the country, whose welfare is
at stake, forbid us to hesitate.
In other similar cases, arising out of recent
events, where the Senate has already acted, the
persons in question were absent, openly engaged
in the rebellion. There was no occasion for argu-
ment or discussion with regard to their guilt. It
was conspicuous like the rebellion itself. In the
present case, the person in question is not absent,
openly engaged in the rebellion. He is still sit-
ting among us, taking part in the public business,
voting and answering to his name when called in
the roll of the Senate. His continued presence
here may be interpreted in opposite ways—ac-
cording to the feelings of those who sit in judg-
ment. It may be referred to conscious innocence,
or it may be referred to audacious guilt.
That he should take his place in the Senate is
not, therefore, necessarily in his favor. Catiline,
after plotting the destruction of Rome, took his
place in the senate and listened to the orator who
denounced the treason; nor did the Roman patiiot
hesitate to point his eloquence by the exclama-
tion that the traitor even came into the senate—
immo in senatum venit. In the history of our
own country there is a well-known instance of
kindred audacity. Benedict Arnold, after com-
mencing his correspondence with the enemy, and
before its detection, appeared at the bar of a court-
martial in Philadelphia, and yet with treason in
his heart, and already in his acts, thus spoke,
without a blush: " Conscious of my innocence
and the unvvoithy methods taken to injure me, I
can, with boldness, address my persecutors in gen-
eral." You know well the result Tho traitor who
thus appeared and spoke in open court continupd
his treason. History teaches by example; and the
instances which I now adduce admonish us not to
be governed merely by appearances, but to look
at things as they are, and to judge according to
facts, against winch ail present professions will
be of little avail.
I put aside, therefore, the argument founded on
the presence of the person in question. That he
still continues in the Senate, and even challenges
this inquiry, docs not prove his innocence any
more than it proves his guilt. The question is
still open, to be considered carefully, gravely,
austeiely if you will, but absolutely without pas-
sion or prejudice—anxious only that justice should
prevail. Your decision will constitute a precedent
which will be important in the history of the Sen-
ate, either as a warning or as an encouragement
to disloyalty. And since our votes are to be re-
corded, I am anxious that the reasons for mine
should be known.
But the question maybe properly asked if this
inquiry is to be conducted as in a court of justice,
under all the restrictions and technical rules of ju-
dicial proceedings. Clearly not. Under the Con-
