3354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
abandon the attempt to keep up such an establish-
ment as the Patent Office. I shall oppose the bill,
and ask for a division if it is insisted on.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sat at some dis-
tance from the Chair, and heard the report only
imperfectly.
Mr. HALE. That is a fact. Let it be read
over again. [Laughter.]
Mr.SUMNER. He certainly has misstated it.
He has shown that he did not understand it. On
the statement of the Senator, I am "astonished
at his conclusion, but the facts are very simple.
Some time ago, not so far back in ancient history
as the Senator charged, this party did apply for a
patent. Owing to peculiar circumstances at that
time, he "did not prosecute his application to a
close; in short, he had not the necessary funds.
The whole proceeding was abandoned; he was,
unhappily, poor. Since then he has become better
off, and is enabled to press his claim. It is a very
important invention, one in which he believes he
has an interest which he thinks belongs to him,
and his friends think that it. belongs to him. lie
has been encouraged to make another application,
but there he is met by the law; and now, following
the practice, following the precedents, he applies
to Congress simply for one thing, and what is it?
For authority to the Commissioner of Patents to
rehear his case, securing to intervening rights
everything that belongs to them, so that no per-
son who has acquired any rights during this in-
tervening time shall in any event be jeoparded in
any of those rights by what may now be granted.
In short, this bill is according to all the precedents.
The Senator says it is new. He is entirely mis-
taken; it is according to precedent, and if the Sen-
ate reject it, it would depart froin precedents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this
bill is to lead to considerable discussion; 1 see th%t
the Senator from New Hampshire is preparing
to reply, and I move to postpone the bill, and all
other orders prior to House bill No. 362, and
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
■ from Illinois moves to postpone all prior orders,
and proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill to provide for
the discharge of State prisoners and others, and
to authorize the judges of the United States courts
to take bail or recognizances to secure the trial of
the same.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope no such thing will be
done, and I .hope the Seiiate, having commenced
with this little bill, will proceed with it; and if the
Senator from New Hampshire will only have the
kindness to "understand it, I believe he will with-
draw his opposition. I think that he has made it
in haste, without proper knowledge of the facts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the motion ot the Senator from Illinois
to postpone this and all prior orders, and proceed
to the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move to
go into executive session? If so, I make that mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I askforadiyision on the
question of going into executive session. I want
to got up this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A division will show the
want of a quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot do any busi-
ness in executive session without a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope I shall be allowed to ask
the attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs again to the bill that passed the
House of Representatives in February, author-
izing the State of Kentucky to raise twenty thou-
sand volunteers for her defense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
motion is that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the chairman will report
' that bill in some way, so as to place it within the
power of the Senate.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. Upon the mo-
tion that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business, a division is demanded,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make a sugges-
tion, simply, before that motion is put. We shall
have the same difficulty about a quorum in execu-
tive session as here, and this bill I have been dry-
ing to get up for some days. If there is to be de-
bate on it, the discussion can go.on to-night, and
we shall gain time by taking it up now. It cer-
tainly is an important question. It ought to be
considered by the Senate. I have struggled all
the session to have some action on this question,
and the persons who have been confined, some of
them for a year, have a right to a trial, or a dis-
charge, or something. We should take some ac-
tion . If the bill is not satisfactory let us amend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
executive messages on the table which ought to
be referred. It was the general understanding that
in the evening we should attend to executive busi-
ness, and pass a few little bills in the mean time.
I think the Senate had better proceed to UTie con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. COWAN. I think the bill reported by the
Judiciary Committee appeals very strongly to
every man everywhere for its consideration, and
I trust the Senate will take it up and pass it. These
men cannot be kept in confinement always. There
must be an end to it some time. Let us think for
one moment—suppose we were in the same posi-
tion—of the hardship of allowing these men to
continue there withoutany hopeof relief or deliv-
erance. Let them be tried; and if they are guilty
of anything, let them be punished; otherwise, let
them be discharged. I think it has been carried
far enough. I hope the Senate will take up the
bill. It is for the good of the country that it should
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the molion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is put, I hope the
Senate will proceed with this little bill that was
under consideration. It is a bill that has already
passed the House of Representatives, which has
been before the Patent Committee of the Senate
for some time, and has been reported from that
committee; and the whole objection of the Senator
from New Hampshire is founded in a misappre-
hension.
Mr. HALE. No, it is not.
Mr. SUMNER. All that the bill proposes is
to 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order. I in-
quire if it is in order to discuss the merits of that
bill upon a motion to go into executive session?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not m urder, certainly, to
discuss the merits of the bill; but among the rea-
sons for not going into executive session 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I make my point
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
has made his point of order, and the Chair has
decided it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has made his
point of order; but I am proceeding, and have the
floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume the Senator is to pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. SUMNER. If I proceed out of order, the
Chair will correct me, and any member of this
body wUl have the privilege also of correcting me.
Mr. DAVIS. You are out of order.
Mr. SUMNER. We shall see.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; we shall see^
Mr. SUMNER. I shall submit very cheerfully
to every correction of the honorable Senator, and
to no one more cheerfully than that Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion is
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. And to that point I address
myself; and my reason why we should not pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business at
this moment is precisely this, that the Senate has
before it a little bill which has passed the House,
and which has been reported from the Committee
on Patents, which it has proceeded with the con-
sideration of; and I submit that we had better fin-
ish the consideration of that bill, rather than go
into executive session. It is not worth while, in
considering so small a bill as that, to take two
bites, if I may so say. It is too small an affair.
I think, therefore, we had better consider it and
dispose of it now, and that is my reason for not
desiring to go into executive session at this time;
and I believe the Senator from Kentucky, in his
frankness, will admit that I am in order.
Mr. GRIMES. Iam satisfied from my knowl-
of the business in executive session that the
effect of going in will be, as soon as the executive
messages are read, to break us up, because^there
is certainly a thing that will come up upon which
I shall insist upon a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can refer the mes-
sages on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. But we shall break up then',
and we shall neyer get in to legislative ses sion again
to-night.
The motion for an executive session was not
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask that the Senate
proceed with the bill before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
direct the business according to the parliamentary
order; and the motion nowpendingis the one made
by the Senator from Illinois to postpone the pend-
ing bill, which was called up on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and all prior orders,
to proceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him (H. R. No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisoners and others, and authorize the
judges of the United States courts to take bail or
recognizances to secure the trial of the same.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the Senator from Illinois
to give way for a moment, until the bill sent from
the House in regard to the competency of wit-
nesses, that will supersede the necessity of pass-
ing a bill reported by us, may be taken up, and
with slight amendments, which I think the Senate
will readily concur in, be acted on. It will not
occasion debate, and not displace the bill that
is up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that
coming up, and I should have no objection if there
could be a vote on the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts; but manifestly there is to be a
division upon it, and'I apprehend it will break us
up. I will temporarily withdraw my motion to
allow the Senator from Connecticut to present his
bill, if it can be done.
Mr. FOSTER. It is House bill No. 390. I
report it now from ihe Committee on the Judici-
ary, and mote that it be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senate had better
not take up that bill to-night. It cannot be pro-
ceeded with without a division. If it is the bill
which was up the other day, there are at least two
points on which I shall deem it my duty to divide
the Senate.
COMPETENCY OP WITNESSES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, to postpone the pending and all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 390) in relation to the competency of
witnesses in trials of equity and admiralty.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It-provides that the laws of the State in
which the court shall be held shall be the rules of
decision as to the competencey of witnesses in the
courts of the United States, in trials of equity and
admiralty, as in trials at the common law.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word " trials, "in the fifth line,
the words "at common law,"and strike out after
" admiralty" the words " as in trials at the com-
mon law," so as to make the bill read:
That the laws of tlie State in which the court shall be
held shall be the rules of decision as to tiie competency of
witnesses in the couits of the United States, m trials at
common law, m equity, and admiralty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I also move the following as
an additional section; it is the same section which
was moved the other day to another bill, and
agreed to unanimously by the Senate:
•find he itfurther enacted, That so much of section twenty-
nine of an act entitled "An act to establish judicial courts
of the United States," approved September 94,1789, as re-
quires, in cases punishable with death, twelve petit jurors
to be summoned from the county where the offense was .
committed, be, and the same is hereby, lepealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to come
in at the end of the first section:
Provided, That there shall be no exclusion of any witness
on account of color.  
Mr. President, the bill is entitled " in relation
