•/
1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
man's intention to tax only wlmt is sold, they
should change the word " product" into the word
" sale," because there is a good deal of gas man-
ufactured which is never sold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was unable to under-
stand fully the nature of the amendment, and I
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Horton]
whether the amendmentis so worded as to impose
the tax on the net profits of the business, accord-
ing to the quantity consumed ?
Mr. HORTON. That is the design. The gen
tleman will find the amendment in the Globe.
Mr. RIDDLE. * I move to amend the amend-
ment, by exempting all gas companies between
whom and the consumer exists a contract regu-
lating the price thereof. If I understand the prop-
osition, it authorizes the various companies to
charge over to the consumer the tax imposed on
gas. I propose to exempt those companies be-
tween whom and the consumer a contiact exists
as to the price. I am not certain that my amend-
ment covers exactly what I want to provide for.
Many gas companies have been merely experi-
ments. Contracts have been entered into by gas
companies with proposed consumers that the gas
should be furnished at a given price. Sometimes
it is incorporated in the charter, and sometimes it
is not; but whether it is or not, it does not, in my
judgment, make any difference. Unexplained,
the proviso already adopted by the committee
would seem to authorize the gas company to charge
over on their consumers the tax which it pays.
The ingenious gentleman from Massachusetts
thinks that that will not be the effect of it; but I
submit, with all due deference to his better judg-
ment and learning, that his purpose would be bet-
ter accomplished by expressing it in plain terms.
You undertake to authorize one of the parties to
a contract to violate it. The consumer, if he finds
that the increased price does not warrant his con-
tinuing to use gas, has a right to discontinue it;
but in cases of contract, the consumer has no such
right. It is to provide for such cases that my
amendmentis offered. I will, however, withdraw
that amendment and substitute for it one which a
friend has placed in my hands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to that.
Mr. RIDDLE. Let it be read for information.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Provided, That it shall not he added to the pricc of gas
now stipulated by any existing contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentle-
man from Ohio had looked at the amendment
roposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
he would have seen that it does not propose to
interfere with any contract existing. It is only
with the law, and with the charter of companies
that we propose to interfere.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether there is not a gas company in
this city—an exclusive company—which has no
charter whatever?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They have their
interests in their own hand-?, and will have after
we have got through the business of the session,
for I do notsuppose that.Oongress is going to reg-
ulate the prices of any manufactures whatever.
The question was taken on Mr. Riddle's
amendment to the amendment; and it wasrejected.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words s< any limitation
which may exist in the charter of said company
or the laws of said State to the contrary notwith-
standing."
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I rise to a
question of order. That amendment, in substance,
has once been offered and voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. It proposes to stiike out
only a portion of the words included in the mo-
tion to which the gentleman refers, and therefore
is in order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, sir, I desire to state this
legal question to the gentleman who proposed this
original amendment. I have made a contract, for
instance, with a gas company to furnish me with
gas for my consumption at the rate of §100 per
year. At the end of the year, in consequence of
this tax, the gas company bring in a bill charging
me $110, 1 refuse to pay it, and the company sue
me. The contract is produced, by which'the com-
pany agree to furnish mc with gas for the year
for $100. The company claim that they have
be'-n taxed ten dollars on their works, and that
they have the right to collect that tax from me,
F
\v
the consumer. Now, I submit to any legal gen-
tleman whether such a claim can prevail ? I do
notdeny that the legislative powerof the country
| has the right to tax me, but it has not done it. It
'has taxed the gas company. The tax has been
laid upon their establishment, and the company
lhave no right to collect the tax from me. It is a
•change of their contract with me. When they
^entered into a contract with me to furnish me with
'gas for $100 a year, they did it subject to what-
ever duty or tax they might have to pay. You
might as well talk of collecting an additional price
for turpentine because, between the time the con-
tract was made and the time of delivery, the
market price of turpentine had advanced.
. Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The gentle-
man from New York cannot have examined critic-
ally the language of the section, else he would not
have made the argument which ho has. The prop-
! option is not to tax ihe manufacturers of gas;
: the proposition is to tax the gas, and the section
j fixes who shall pay the tax. You say what tax
! shall be levied, and you say that the companies
! shall collect it from the consumers; and how any
legal question can be raised upon that proposition
I api unable to comprehend.
But suppose it were otherwise, the party when
he contracts does it subject not only to the law as
it existed when the contract was made, but sub-
ject to the supreme law of the land as it may be,
in the mean time, changed by the legislative power
of the country. I take it that no gentleman will
contend that Congress cannot make a law of the
land which shall authotize the collection of the
tax from the consumers by the gas companies.
The principle has been acted on several times, in
substance, in various portions of the bill where
we have provided for collecting the tax in that
manner. The whole of this proposition is, that
we provide for laying a tax upon gas, to be paid
by the consumer, to be collected by the compa-
nies, and paid by them into the Treasury of the
United States'. The tax, I repeat, is levied upon
the consumers and not upon the companies.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
says the tax is levied upon the consumer, and not
upon the gas company. Who pays the tax to
the Government, the consumer or the company?
The company, of course.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The Gov-
ernment has the right to use gas companies as
well as persons to collect its taxes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The section does
notj however, place the companies merely in the
position of agents.
Mr. Diycn's amendment to the amendment was
.disagreed to.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend the
amendment by adopting the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to allow the Washington City Gas -Light Company
lo add such tax to the rates authorized by law to be col-
lected from consumers.
Mr. Chairman, I have moved that amendment
in order that the committee may understand, if I
am able to make it appear, what the matter in
issue is, as I comprehend it. I do not contend
that any contract entered into between individ-
uals, or between companies and individuals, can
prevent Congress from assessing a tax upon gas.
I contend for no such thing as that. But I do say
that Congress has no right to say to the gas com-
pany " you may add to the price you have con-
tracted to furnish gas to your customers, the tax
winch we have levied upon you." That prop-
osition I deny, if it is the proposition which the
Committee of Ways and Means propose to incor-
porate m this bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman from Ohio contend that Congress has
no power to pass a law impairing the obligation of
contracts. There is such a prohibition in the Con-
stitution upon the States, but Tknow of none upon
Congress.
Mr. HUTCHINS. rundcrstood the gentle-
man from Massachusetts Co oppose the legal ten-
der clause to the Treasury note bill, among other
1 reasons because Congress had no power to impair
the obligations of contracts.
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman misunderstood whatl said then upon that
measure. If he "will examine my speech upon
that bill he will find no such legal grounds taken
by me.
Mr. HUTCHINS. If'Congress have that
power I am not for its exercise. It is an inju-
dicious exercise of power at any rate. It is an ar-
bitrary exercise of power which Congress should
never attempt to exercise.
Now, for instance: the Washington City Gas-
LightCompany charge,if I am correctly informed,
$3 50 per thousand cubic feet—an extravagant
pricc. The company has a monopoly of the
business in this city, not only as to private citi-
zens, but as to the Government itself, which is its
customer, and which we propose to tax along with
private individuals twenty-five cents per thousand
feet, which will make the aggregate price of §3 75
per thousand feet, which the Government and
citizens of this city will have to pay in conse-
quence of this provision. I say it is unjust, not
only in relation to Washington, but in relationto
every village and city in the country in which gas
is made and used.
Now, what I propose is, that the tax shall be
assessed upon the gas"; and let the gas companies
and the consumers make their own arrangements
as to who shall pay it. But if you design to tax
the consumer, why not make that provision in
plain terms, and make the gas companies the col-
lectors of the tax by the terms of the bill, if that
is what you intend; for that is, as I understand
it, the effect of this provision as explained by th6
gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. HORTON. I move thatthecommittee rise,
for the purpose of closing debateuponthis section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Colfax reported that the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill of the
House (No. 312) to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that ail debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the pending section of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to
amend the motion by striking out 44 section," and
inserting in place thereof the word "paragraph."
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on thestateof theUnion, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (PI. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on the
pending paragraph in one minute.
The question was taken on Mr. Hutciiins's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to strike out the words
" that the return required by this act shall be un-
derstood to mean a return of the bills actually ren-
dered by any gas companies during the month
preceding said return," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert the following:
That the product requited to be returned by this act shall
be undei-nood to be the product derived in the bills actu-
ally rendered by any ga* company during the month pre-
ceding the return.
Mr. HORTON. I accept that as a modification
to my own amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
the words,*'and all gas made for and used by any
hotel, inn, tavern, and private dwelling-house
j shall be subject to duty and;" so that it wilt read:
I Provided, Tnat all gasfumbheil for lighting stieet lanjjH,
I and not measured, and all gas made for and  wd by any
hotel, inu,tavmi, and private dwelling-house, shall be sub-
ject to duty and may be estimated; and it the returns in any
'case shall be understated or under-e&tiiriated, u shall be
the duty ot the asbistant a^se^orof the district to increase
the same a= he shall deem ju>t and proper.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Horton's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted.
