1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3355
to the competency of witnesses." The first sec-
tion relates exclusively to the competency of wit-
nesses, and Jays down the rule's for the compe-
tency of witnesses in the United States courts
within their exclusive jurisdiction. The whole
subject, therefore, is at this moment within the
control of Congress; and the simple question is,
whether Congress, undertaking to legislate on the
competency of witnesses, shall sanction one of the
most cruel and outrageous rules which has.ever
existed since the days of barbarism, and which is
in itself emphatically a part of baibarism.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not see,and I never
have been able to understand, why a court should
exclude any person from testifying. The object
of testimony in a court is to arrive at the truth.
Now, in the State of Minnesota the plaintiff in a
suit, and the defendant, and everybody, may test-
ify, and there is no reason why all intelligent per-
sons should not be permitted to testify in court.
The object of testimony is to arrive at the tiuth,
to arrive at the facts, and there is no earthly rea-
son why a negro, if he knows the facts, should not
be permitted in a court ofjustice to testify to them.
I base my support of this proposition of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts upon the simple question
of justice, of arriving at the facts. The question
of slavery has nothing to do with it, as 1 under-
stand; and there is no common sense in a court of
the United States closing its doors against any
communication which may be made to it in regard
to the facts which are before the courts to be ad-
judicated. If a murder has been committed, why
should not a negro, if he saw the murder, be per-
mitted to testify in regard to it? In a civil action
where the rights of parties are involved, amount-
ing, perhaps, to thousands of dollars, are in issue
before the court, why should not a black man, if
he has the intelligence, be permitted to make his
statement before a jury and let the jury decide as
to the credibility of the witness?
Now, sir, the true rule is not to exclude men,
but to allow the jury to determine upon the cred-
ibility of the witness. Leave that'to the jury.
There can never be any harm done; and it is con-
sistent with the end which all courts should seek to
attain, that is.justice, that all paities should be per-
mitted to tell their story before the court under the
solemnity of an oath, and let the jury and court de-
termine as to the credibility of the witness. There
is no principle, either in law or in morals, that
would exclude a black man, or an Indian, or any-
' body else, from testifying to the facts which he has
within his own mind in an issue before a court.
I hope this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume that the honorable
Senator from Minnesota would not very readily
submit to having the Legislature of Connecticut
.make laws for his State of Minnesota, even as to
the competency of witnesses. I confess that I, as
a citizen of Connecticut, should not be disposed to
have the Legislature of Minnesota make laws for
the State of Connecticut, as it regards the same
qeicstion. I make no comparison between thetwo
States other than to say they are precisely equal;
they are here as peers; they are in the Unio-n as
peers. Each is entitled, within its own jurisdic-
tion, to legislate on that and on other subjects for
its own citizens, without being disturbed or mo-
lested at all by the citizens of the other.
• Now, the Senator says that in the State of Min-
nesota they allow all parties, the parties to the
action and all puities in interest, whatever their
interest may be, to come forward and testify,and
the triers in that way can arrive at the truth,
which is the great object of a legal investigation.
That, he says, is the true rule. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent, it may be so; but that honorable Senator is
very weli aware that there are other communities
and other men who entertain an entirely different
opinion; and that throughout the world, where
the common law of England has prevailed, until
within a very recent peuod, it has been the uni-
form rule that no witness should be allowed to
testify upon a question where he had an interest
in the event. It was supposed that his interest in
the event of the cause would so bias his mind as
that he ought not to be allowed as a witness; and
the rule, as every one knows, has excluded from
testifying all persons who had an interest m the
event of the cause.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will ask the Senator
from Connecticut, who is conversant with these
matters, whether the Government of England
have not so modified their law of evidence as to
permit parties to testify ?
Mr. FOSTER. No, sir; they have not. They
have modified the law so far forth as that interest
shall not be an exclusion. They allow persons
to testify who have an interest even in the event
of a cause. They yield that principle by, I be-
lieve , what is popularly known as Lord Denman's
bill,passed through Parliamenta number of years
ago, but that bill does not allow parties in the
cause to testify. It allows those who are in inter-
est to testify, and yields, therefore, the principle.
But that is foreign from the point that 1 was dis-
cussing, although I am quite happy to answer the
gentleman's question so far as J am able. I say
upon this point that men of legal learning and ex-
perience are not agreed, nor are the most enlight-
ened communities agreed upon what is the best
rule respecting the competency of witnesses in
courts of justice. They differ. The honorable
Senator is perfectly sure that lie is right, and I am
not now questioning but that he may be so. I
am only saying that other communities and other
men—and he will pardon me for saying even of
as high reputation as himself—differ-entirely from
that opinion, and think that where a man has a
direct interest in the event of asuit, it is too great
a temptation to commit perjury to allow him to
testify. Such has been the uniform rule of the
common law, and it always has been the rule, ex-
cept where it has been modified by statute, that
we must have testimony coming from those who
are uninterested in the event about to be decided
But now the honorable Senator proposes that
his law of Minnesota, for instance, if that is the
true rule, should be adopted all over the United
States, and that if we in Connecticut think that
the parties to a suit ought not to be competent
witnesses, and will not allow them to be compe-
tent witnesses in our State courts, yet we shall
have them as witnesses in the United States courts
when they sit in the State of Connecticut, because
the Legislatuie of Minnesota have determined
that to be the true rule, and the true rule shall be
followed in the courts of the United States. Mr.
President, I submit that it is far better to leave to
every State its decisidn upon this question, its
own rule of proceeding upon this question. Be-
sides the disqualification of interest in a cause,
in veiy many, I apprehend in most of the States,
there is some test in regard to a man's religious
faith. The honorable Senator from Minnesota
says that in his State they allow everybody to
testify. I ask him whether they allow a man who
does not believe in the existence of a God to testify.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir; we allow every-
body to testify.
Mr. FOSTER. They allow even atheists to
testify !' I confess that with entire deference to his
opinion and the opinion of his Legislature, I do no^
want that law to be established in Connecticut;
nor do I want it established that in the courts of
the United States sitting in the State of Connec-
ticut, atheists may testify. I do not want to see
the mockery gone through with of calling upon a
man to kiss the Evangelists of Almighty God, or
to hold up his hand and swear by the same Being,
when he asserts that he does not believe in the
existence of such a Being. In most of the States,
I think, the belief in the existence of God is re-
quired in order that a man shall be admitted as a
competent witness in a court of justice. I am
pretty sure it is so in the State of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts; and that that law has
been administered there within a few years past,
even in a capital cause. It was asserted that a man
who was charged with a capital offense, murder
I think, escaped conviction because the person who
saw the deed committed was a man who either did
not believe in the existence of God, or who lacked
that religious faith which by the Jaw of Massa-
chusetts was requisite in order to make a man a
competent witness in a court of justice; the hon-
orable Senator will correct me if I am wrong; I
believe that has occurred in his State within seven
years past. I am quite sure the law of Massachu-
setts does not allow an atheist to testify. In the
State of Connecticut, until within some thirty
years past, the law was that a man must believe
m the existence of God and in a future state of re-
wards and punishments, in order to be a compe-
tent witness.
I say it is competent for every State to fix its
own rules for itself, and that the independence of
each State of every other State requires that they
should be protected in that right of making their
own laws. Nobody questions it as regards their
own tribunals. The only question is, whether,
after they have made a law controlling their own .
State tribunals, we,sittingas the Legislature of the
country, shall establish in the courts of the United
States sitting in thftse several States, a rule at va-
riance with, and contradictory to, the laws thus
established within the States."
I know it is proposed to placc this on the ground
of color; but in regard to that, the color of a man's
faith is quite as important as the color of a man's
skin, in my opinion. If we are now to determine
as to what the color of a man's skin shall be, and
to fix a particular standard of complexion, or to
define the complexion a man shall have in order
that he may bequahfiedandcompetentasa witness
in the United States courts, wc may,and I think
are bound, to say what amount of religious faith, if
any, is necessary to make a man competent in the
courts of the United States, and whether infamy
of character, by conviction of crime, should be
an exclusion. We shall, in that manner, violate
the statutes of every State in the Union, it may be,
by setting up an entirely different test lespecting
the competency of witnesses from that which pre-
vails in any State in this Union, and impose that
law upon each of the thirty-four States.
Now, are we prepared to do it? I am not. I
am prepared to allow to each State its sovereign
light within its own jurisdiction of defining by
law who shall and who shall not be competent
witnesses. As I have before remarked, nobody
questions that right in respect to the State tribu-
nals. I say it is better to leave, as this bill pro-
poses to leave, the law within each State, when a
court of the United States is sitting within that
State, to the regulations of the State itself; and be
governed by them. Then atheists can testify in
Minnesota, and deists in Connecticut; and vvheic
ever else they have a different rule, that can also'
be fully enjoyed. Why quarrel with any State
for its rule or its U-st?
Mr. DAVIS. And atheists in Michigan, too.
Mr. HOWARD. We have not got any.
Mr. FOSTER. I only allude to a single fact
which is witlnn my recollection, in the State of
Massachusetts, and I presume within the honor-
able Senator's, for he is a man observant of what
takes placc in his own State and out of it. A man
came forwaid in a capital case, avowing himself
an atheist, avowing his disbelief in the existence
of a Supremo Being, or it was proved that he did
so, and he was excluded from being a witness for
the reasonthat lie did not believe in theexistence
of a Supreme Being. The honorable Senator
from Michigan may have nobody in his State
who does not believe in the existence of God, and
who is not quite orthodox in all his opinions. I
know nothing about that. I only know that I
have met men, and met men in New England,
who avowed solemnly, positively, their disbelief
in theexistence of God. The honorable Senator's
experience may be quite different, and he may be-
lieve that nobody ever thought so; i only say that
I have heard men, who seemed to be fully in pos-
session of their reason, deliberately, positively
affirm such a belief.
Under these circumstances, I cannot think that
it will conduce to the ends of justice for us now
to alter the provisions of this bill. It proposes to
allow to each State its own rules, and to have
those rules administered within the State by the
courts of the United States. What can be more
fair? Nothing, unless I am anxious to impose
the rule of my State upon the State of the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, or the honorable
Senator from Michigan, which I am not. I am
by no means saying that their rule may not be
better than the rule which obtains in my State. I
only ask that wc shall be left the same privilege,
the same liberty, which we freely giant to them.
I say to gentlemen, seek not to impose the law of
your several States upon us, although it may be
better than ours. When the courts ot the United
States sit in your State, they will be governed oil
this subject by your laws; when they sit in my
State, th'ey will be governed by our laws. What
can be more fair; what more just?
These differences in the States will still obtain;
and shall we therefore take the Senator's rule, and
make atheists witnesses in Connecticut because
they are witnesses in Michigan, for the reason
