414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
such acts constituted a "levying of war," within
the meaning of the Constitution, is too plain for
argument- This phrase was borrowed from the
early statute of Edward HI, and has received a
positive interpretation in the country of its origin,
according to which its meaning is clear. There
is no better authority than Blackstonc, who, when
considering what is "levying of war," says:
ei This may be done by taking arms, not only to
dethrone the king, but under pretense to reform
religion or the laws, or to remove evil counselors,
or other grievances, whether real or pretended;
for the law does not, neither can it, permit any
private man or set of men to interfere forcibly in
matters of such high importance." (Blackstone's
Commentaries, volume 4, page 81.) And Lord
Mansfield, on the trial of Lord George Gordon,
declared it to be the unanimous judgment of the
court, that an attempt, by intimidation and vio-
lence, to force the repeal of a law, was a levying of
war, constituting high treason. (Douglas's Re-
ports, 570.) 1 quote these authorities simply that
this argument may not rest at any point on my
assertion. At the date of this letter, then, there
was an actual levying of war by Jefferson Davis
and his associates against the Government of the
United States. And let me add that this levying
of war was not merely that modeiate constructive
levying of wardcscribcd by Blackstone, butopen,
earnest, positive war, backed by armies and by
battel ies.
You will next observe the address of this letter.
It is " to his Excellency Jefferson Davis,President
of the Confederate States." In bestowing upon
this pretender the title of " His Excellency," the
writer certainly exhibits a courtesy—at least in
form—which usage does not bestow upon the
President of the United States. It is well known
that at the adoption of our national Constitution,
the title of " Excellency," together with all other
titles, was, after debate, carefully rejected for our
Chief Magistrate; but the writer of this letter is
apparently unwilling to deny anything to the Chief
of the Rebellion. Ill's profusion shows itself at
once, and his first words become a confession.
Not by titles of courtesy do loyal Senators ad-
dress a traitor. There has been a king of Eng-
land who,on one occasion, was only called Charles
Smart, and there lias been a king of France who,
on one occasion, was only called Louis Capet; and
these great instances show how even the loftiest
and most established titles have been refused where
treason was charged. Titles are sometimes insin-
cere; but a title bestowed testifies at least to the
professions of him who bestows it. It is a token
of respect, and an invitation to good will, pro-
ceeding directly from the writer. And in this
spirit was this letter begun.
But not content with bestowing upon this Pre-
tendei a title of com tesy denied to our own Pres-
ident, the writer proceeds to bestow upon him a
further title of office and of power. He addresses
him as " President of the Confederate States"—
meaning the very States then engaged in levying
warupon the national Government. So far as this
writer can go—just to the extent of his authority
—the Pretender is recognized as President, and the
rebel Suites are described by the very title which,
m defiance of the national Government, they have
assumed. Our own Government has steadfastly
lofu.sed this recognition. Foreign nations thus far
have followed substantially the policy of our own
Go\enmient; but the wrttet of this letter, at the
time a Senator, makes haste to offer his recogni-
tion
Perhaps this double criticism on the address of
the letter may seem unimpoitant. 11 might be so,
if the address had been used in conversation or
debate, although then u would be tolerable only
if used m derision. But it becomes important
when used dhectly to the Pretender himself, for
then it signifies respect and recognition, while it
discloses the mood of the wiiter.
Look, next, at the contents of the letter itself,
and you will find all that is implied in the addiess
painfully verified. The disloyalty which crops .
out m titles of courtesy and recognition, becomes
full blown in the letter itself, whether we legard
its general character or its special import; and 1
shall now consider these in their order.
I n its genera] chauicter, the letter is correspond-
ence with a public enemy, in open war with our :
own country, or rather let me say it is corre-
spondence with a public rebel. It is obvious that
all correspondence of such a character, even with-
out considering its special import, is open to sus-
picion. Throughout history it has been watched
with jealous judgment, as in the cases of Boling-
brokeand Atterbury in England—ofPichegru and
Fouche in France. Tried even by those technical
rules, which in the present inquiry we reject, it
may help complete the evidence of treason itself.
The well-chosen language of the Constitution,
borrowed from an early resolution of the Conti-
nental Congress, by whom it was borrowed from
the early English statute, authorizes this conclu-
sion. According to the Constitution, " treason
against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort." Here arc
two classes of cases: the first is of levying war,
which Jeffeison Davis, as we have already seen,
was notoriously doing at the date of this letter;
and the second is adhering to the enemies, giving
them aid and comfort. Even if mere correspond-
ence with an enemy would not bring the writer
within the scope of these words, clearly and be-
yond all question such correspondence is calcu-
lated to give at least moral aid and comfort to the
enemy. Nor is it to be disregarded on this occa-
sion, even if it docs not reach the technical require-
ments of treason. If we listen to the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case ofBoliman,
(4 Cranch Rep., 126,) we shall find that this tri-
bunal recognized "any part, however minute or
however remote from the scene of action," as a
powerful element in constituting the crime of
treason itself. Nor does this principle receive any
abatement liccause it is applied to correspondence
with rebels, for we are told by Blackstone that
" most indisputably the same acts of adherence or
aid which, when applied to foreign enemies, will
constitute treason, will, when afforded to fellow-
subjects in actual rebellion at home, amount to
high treason." (Blackstone's Commentaries, vol.
4, p. 82.) According to these rales, an act of sym-
pathy and friendship extended to persons in rebel-
lion—though minute or remote—would be evi-
dence to help bring the offender even within the
cautious grasp of our Constitution.
But the letter in question is a letter of sympa-
thy and friendship, from its beginning to its end;
such a letter as only one friend could write to an-
other friend. Dated at Washington on the 1st
March, it was calculated, if received by the Pre-
tender, to giye him hope and confidence, by inspir-
ing the idea that here in the Senate Chamber there
was at least one person still wearing this high
trust who, forgetting all that was due to his coun-
try, and forgetting all that was due to the rebellion,
reachedforthhishandin friendly salutation. Dated
at Washington on the 1st March, it was calculated,
if received, to awaken a doubt of the loyalty of
the Senate itself, and to encourage the belief that
here in this sanctuary of the Constitution, treason
might hatch undistuibed. So are we all knit to-
gether, that we are strengthened by human sym-
pathy, and the Pretender would have felt new
vigor as the strength of the American Senate was
transfused through the declaredsympathies of one
of its acknowledged members. The patriot soul
recoils from the ancient traitor who flashed a sig-
nal torch ftoma beleagured citadel; but one of our
own number, who yet sits among us, has done
this very thing.
Such is the necessary conclusion with regard to
this letter, if we look at its general charactcr, But
when we look at its special import, the conclusion
is still more irresistible. The letterclearly comes
within the precise text of the Constitution. It is
flat treason. I use no soft words, for the occasion
does not allow it Adhering to the enemy, giving
them aid and comfort, must be proved by some
overt act, of which Blackstone states the follow-
ing instances: "As by giving them intelligence,
by sending them provisions, by selling them arms,
by tieacherously suriendering a castle, and the
like." Such are the precise words of this author-
ity, and I do not stop to add to them. But this
letter is an overt act of adherence, giving aid and
comfort, identical with the instances mentioned by
Blackstone. Read it—" Allow me to introduce to
your acquaintance," so says the letter, " nuj friend
Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas." The bearer of
the letter is thus commended as a friend of the
writei; but a friend is something morn than an
associate or a confederate; he is"almost a part
of oneself. Thus accredited, his errand is next
announced, as follows: 4< He visits your capital
mainly to dispose of what he regards as n great
improvement in fire-arms." Mark the words
" your capital." Such is the language of an Ameri-
can Senator, wri ting to the Pretender, whose stand-
ard of rebellion was then flying at Montgomery,
in Alabama, which is thus deferentially designated
as his capital. Mark, next, the declared object
of the visit. It is " having to dispose of what he
regards as a great improvement in fire-aims."
Thus does an Ameiican Senator send actual, open,
unequivocal aid to the Chief of the Rebellion. It
is true he does not send him muskets or cannon;
but he sends him " a great improvement in fire-
arms," through which muskets and cannon and
other instruments of death, then preparing to be
employed by rebel hands against the patriot ar-
mies of the Republic, might be made more deadly.
What are a few muskets or a few cannon by the
side of such acomprehensivegift? When Franee,
through the disguised agencyofasuccessful dram-
atist, sent cast-off muskets to our revolutionary
fathers, she mixed herself positively in the con-
test, and, under the law of nations, Great Britain
was justified in regarding her conduct as an act
of war. And when an American Senator, without
any disguise, sends "agreat improvement in fire-
arms" to the rebel Chief, then engaged in levying
war against his country, he mixes himself in the
rebellion, so that under municipal law he is a trai-
tor. This conclusion is harsh, and I state it pain-
fully, but it is according to the irresistible logic
of the law and the facts.
But the letter contains other language calculated
to aggravate its guilt. Not content with sending
u the great improvement in fire-arms," the bearer
is thus again accredited to the rebel chief: " I com-
mend him to your favorable consideration as a
gentleman of the first respectability, and reliable
in every respect.," An American citizen going
forth on an errand of treason is thus exalted by
an American Senator. The open traitor is an-
nounced as " a gentleman of the first respecta-
bility." This is much to say of anybody; it is
too much to soy of an open traitor. But he is
" reliable in every respect." All language is to
be construed with reference to the matter which
it concerns. The bearer of this letter, going forth
on his errand of treason, is "reliable in every
respect;" and as the universal contains the special,
he is reliable especially for the purposes of his
treason; and this is the commendation which he
bears to the rebel Chief from an American Sen-
ator.
That such a letter should be signed, "very
truly yours, Jesse D. Bright," was natural, and
the words are not mere words of form. The
writer evidently, according to the contents of the
letter—as appears alike in its general character
and its special import—belongs to the rebel chief,
and is one of his " own." In writing to the rebel'
chief he honestly subscribes himself, " very truly
yours;" but a person thus belonging, and thus
volunteering to subscribe himself, is surely dis-
qualified for the confidential duties of this body.
Of course, in this inquiry, I have assumed the
genuineness of the letter. If this matter were to
be considered on technical grounds, the evidence
would not be disdained even under the conserva-
tive words of our Constitution, according to which
"no person shall be convicted of treason, unless
on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt
act, or on confession in open court." We have had
the confession of the writer in open Senate, follow-
ing a similar confession in a supplementary letter,
to which reference has been made in this debate.
There can be no doubt on this point, and the
writer must stand or fall by his letter, unless some-
thing has occurred since which can be accepted in
extenuation of such an unfortunate transaction.
It is true that the bearer of the letter was not
ijJjle to present it. Before consummating his er-
rand of treason he was arrested by the watchful
officers of the law, and, as we have already seen,
is now in custody. The agent is in the hands of
the law, while we debate on the scatofhis principal.
At the risk of in troducinga superfluous topic, I can-
not forbear adding that the crime of the principal
was perfect when he wrote the letterand delivered
it to his agent. It was expiessly decided m Eng-
land long ago that a treasonable communication,
"though intercepted, is an overt act of treason;"
and this early principle was repeated by the Court
of King's Bench, speaking by the voice of Lord
