THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
mous profits, these adulterated and vitiated com-
modities. Hence, while it is a simple matter, and
while the assessment will fall upon a very large
class of consumers, it is the very class of articles
which, of all others, should pay a very high tax,
and the tax will make no perceptible difference in
the amount of production. While I think it is not
wise in us to become moral reformers in matters
like this, yet every gentleman will conceive that
it would be much better for us were its use pro-
hibited, and I hope the committee will conclude,
at least for the present, to try to collect this twenty-
five cents.
Of course my amendment is merely formal, and
made simply for the purpose of enabling me to
make these few remarks.
Mr. BiDDLE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment. I heard with pleasure
the amendment offered by the Committee of Ways
and Means, after the mature deliberation which
they have no doubt given to this subject. As we
intend this bill to be a bill for revenue, and not a
bill upon the prohibitory principle, which was
advocated a few days ago upon this floor by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] I think
this amendment is necessary in order to give effect
to what I believe we then concluded was the true
principle upon this subject.
Those of us who represent populous cities have
a good deal of correspondence upon this subject,
and all my correspondents concur in representing
this as a duty which will either lead to a prohibi-
tion of the sale of these articles, or to an extensive
illicit trade. JMow, sir, we have had considera-
ble experience m Pennsylvania, from our original
whisky insurrection down to our ineffectual and
futile attempt to incorporate something like the
Maine liquor law into our license system. We
have found always that when you make the tax
for a license or a tax on the sale of liquors too high,
you foster an immense illicit trade, and you ruin
tile honest dealer who complies with the law.
For that reason I hope there will be no accu-
mulation of changes upon the sale of this article.
First you have, 011 page 35, a tax of fifteen cents
per gallon oil spirits. Then, on page 54, you rec-
ognize this very class of persons, rectifiers, as
engaged in a legitimate business, and lay a tax of
§100 for a license. And now upon the top of that
it was proposed, until the Committee of Ways
and Means reconsidered the matter, to add twenty-
five cents per gallon on redistilled liquors.
I theiefoie concur 111 the amendment offered by
the committee,and am opposed to the amendment
to the amendment, winch raises the tax to forty
cents a gallon, with a view, it seems to 111c, more
to prohibition than revenue.
Mr. S[-1 ELLABAUGER, by unanimous con-
sent, wit h<i row his amen ci men! to the amend mo nt.
Mr. MALLORY. I movo to increase theamount
to fifty cents. I want to increase the tax upon that
class of men instead of diminishing it. \ concur
heartily m the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio nearest me, and I have failed utterly to see
the reason for this 1 eduction recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and supported
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bid-
dll] who has just addressed the committee. I
know that the class of business proposed to be
taxed by this section realizes more profit upon
handling liquors than any other class. You tax
(he original distiller fifteen cents a gallon for all
the whisky produced. Ho sells it, after having
bought the com of the farmers and manufactured
it, to the rectifier for fifteen 01 twenly cents a gal-
lon, and the rectifier takes it in hand and makes it
bring in the maiket from one and a half to three
dollars a gallon. Thus this class of men realize
these enormous profits, which you propose to
screen by an amendment to tins section.
The gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and
Means tell you that if you make this tax higher
than five cents per gallon it will result m the col-
lection of no icvenue at all from this source. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania tells you that it will
encourage illicit transactions and the evasion of
the law; that these men will resort to criminal
actions in order to cheat the Government out of
the icvcnuc. Well, sir, meet that difficulty in the
same way that you meet all similar difficulties—
impose a heavy penalty upon these men for evad-
ing the law, and you will secure the revenue. Will i
not the distiller, who is taxed by this hill an ;
amount equal to the value of his article, evade the I
collection of the tax? Why is it that every man
taxed by this bill will not evade the collection of
the tax in the same way that it is supposed these
rectifiers will evade it? It is true that they are,
generally speaking, a class of men who will resort
to any subterfuge or evasion to secure their end;
but their profits are enormous; they can afford to
pay a heavy tax because of those profits. The
Committee of Ways and Means ought so to shape
this bill as to guard against the evasion of this
tax; they ought to impose heavy penalties upon
rectifiers who evade it. I would be willing to im-
pose a fine of five hundred or five thousand dol-
lars upon rectifiers for each violation of this law.
You can catch these thieves as easily as you can
catch any other thieves. There is nothing pecu-
liar in their business that gives them facilities for
disguise. I cannot, for my life, see why this ex-
ception should be made in their favor, and for the
reasonsassigned by thosrentlemen who advocateit.
Mr MOIIRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means were perfectly willing to
place as largo a duty on spirits to be used as a
beverage as it was possible to collect, and with
that view the hill, as originally presented, imposed
a tax of twenty-five cents per gallon on spirits re-
distilled orprepnicd in any way. But upon further
examination, the testimony of parties engaged in
the sale of liquors, and of every distiller who said
anything upon the subject was, that we could
not collect anything except what we should collect
on spirits as first distilled; that the law would be
evaded; that this matter of rectifying and mixing
liquors could be done by any grocer, in how-
ever small quantities, in cellars or garrets or in
any building whatever, and that it only required
an expendiiure of ten dollars to make a perfect
apparatus for the purpose of rectifying spirits. It
was upon these considerations, and upon the testi-
mony of those most interested, the distillers, that
we could not collect any other tax than that which
we collected from them, that the committee con-
sented at last to put down the duty to five cents,
with a view of trying at least to collect something
further from thiscutiele. I believe that if we raise
it at all above that, we shall make the traffic even
more illicit than it is at the present time.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Vei mont how, under all these difficulties, he
J | proposes to collect the tax of five cents *
ij Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. No whisky is
j| drank as a beverage until it is rectified. There
jj arc certain men engaged m the business of rects-
ll fying, and those parties say that if we put this
• j duty upon them we shall "entirely destroy their
business. We thought that if we imposed a tax
of only five cents pci gallon we might very pos-
sibly obtain something from the men engaged m
this business. I call for tellers on the amendment
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory,
and Blair of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 39.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was then adopted.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I offer the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the entire paragraph:
On '-pint* recalled, mixed witii other Jiqnois or ma-
tciictN, or prtp.ued in am way to ho sold a.-, w iii&kv. fifteen
( cent> per gallon; to he s-old as brandy, mm, snu, whip, ot
I any othct name not otherwise provided loi. thnf} cuts
pei gallon on Uie biisih of tii'nt ptoor. and .>o in pioportion
loi any greater strength than the stte'ngth oHh-st ptooi.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the para-
graph as it now stands, by adding to it the fol-
io wing:
And that tin* tax fclmll he as-5e«-*o(I on all fuoh ^-piritH
held by any person or persons for sale at the time tins act
feliali take effect.
I am desirous of placing the highest tax upon
1 this article of manufacture that can be collected
! without domi> injustice to any class of the com-
j mmniy. if we are to place a tax upon this arti-
i cle, I think we should place one that will accom-
j plish the purpose for which we impose taxes. If
| we are to collect revenue fiom spints, we must
| so frame our tax that when we undertake to apply
! the law we shall find the subject from which we
are to draw the revenue.
Now, sir, it has been remarked—and it is ap-
parent to all—that if this tax is to take effect only
upon spirits that shall be manufactured after the
law takes effect, for a time at least, and for the
time when the necessities of the countiy will be
the greatest, we shall have no merchandise of this
description from which we can derive revenue. I
am not familiar with the manufacture of this arti-
cle, nor have I any statistics by me from which I
can state the amounts that are now in the coun-
try, or that can be accumulated before the 2d day
of May, or whenever this bill shall be completed
and shall be operative upon the interests of the
country:
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I would ask the gentle-
man if there is a provision in this bill taxing any
other manufactures that may be on hand?
Mr. EDWARDS. I am coming to that.
Mr. MALLORY. All distilled whisky is.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I understand that. I mean
articles manufactured by looms. Is there any
provision of the bill which taxes manufactures of
that kind which may be on hand ?
Mr. EDWARDS. In the brief space of time
allowed me I prefer not to be interrupted, as it
breaks up the continuity of my remarks I say
that I have reason to believe, from statements of
those who ought to know, that there will be a
large accumulation of this article on hand when
the bill passes, and that there will be a forced
manufacture for the very purpose of accumula-
tion. I understand that the capacity of the dis-
tilleries now m successful operation is sufficient
to produce an amount that will enable the distill-
era, if they continue to hold their product, to bo
at case for some time after its passage, and to
renhye ihe increased profits that may be given to
them by this bill. I would defeat if I could that
object, and I would also disappoint those who
have been speculating largely in anticipation of
the enactment of this law. i have been told that
an immense quantity of this article has changed
hands under the conviction that some tax will be
imposed on the future manufacture of it; and just
m pioportion to the amount of that tax will be
the speculation in reference to it.
Now, let me ask what are the objections to the
levying of this tax on the article on hand nt the
time the law is to take effect? The first objection
is that made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg.] lie says such a measure would op-
pi ess the farming interest, that it would depreciate
the price of the agricultural products that enter
into the manufacture of whisky. Now, if this
law were to take effect to-morrow, I would ask
the gentleman how it would affect the corn that
has been already purchased and made into whisky?
And if it takes effect months hence, will not its
effect be limited, so far as the farmer is concerned,
to the corn purchased after the passage of the law?
Whatever effect, therefore, is to result from this
bill in the future manufacture of spirits, is already
established, and it will make no difference m that
respect whether we do or do not lay the tax upon
the quantity on hand.
Another objection that has been urged is, that
this proposed taxation of property on hand at the
tune of the passage of the law, is an exception
to the rest of the bill. I will admit that it is, per-
haps, an exception to the general principle on
which manufactures are taxed; but still it is not
the only exception to the taxation of property
which will be on hand at the time the law shall
go into effect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ENGLISH. It is quite evident, Mr. Chair-
man, that there is very little diversity of opinion
in the committee in reference to the taxation of
whisky or liquors, whatever name they may as-
sume after they have gone through the process of
rectification. But in my mind the question before
the committee is as to the manner in which whisky
shall be taxed, and to what amount, with a view
of raising the most revenue from the article taxed.
In my judgment, the imposition of a tax of forty
cents a gallon on adulterated liquor—call jt whisky
or any other name—will not bring half as much
revenue as a tax often cents a gallon. Members
of the Committee of Ways and Means have in-
formed the committee how these liquors are con-
verted. It is the most simple process in the woild.
Every corner grocery can, with a barrel in the
collar,a little charcoal at the bottom of it,and some
drugs and coloring stuff purchased at the drug-
gists, convert spirits into brandy,gin, whisky, or
whatever else is desired in that line. Is there then
