1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Mansfield, in the case of Dr. Hensey, (1 Burrow's
Reports, 646;) and again by the same court, under
Lord Kenyon, in the case of William Stone, (6
Term Reports, 527.) It is completely applicable
to the present case, even if our inquiry proceeded
on technical grounds.
But the history of the transaction is not yet com-
plete. Other incidents have occurred since, which
have been strangely offered in extenuation of the
original crime. At the arrest of the agent, towards
the close of last summer, the letter was found
among his papers. Of course, it excited much
attention and some feeling. This was natural. At
last the writer, who still sits among us, addressed
a second letter to his late colleague in this body,
Mr. Fitch.
Mr. BRIGHT, (from his seat.) It was not to
my late colleague; it was to another Mr. Pitch.
Mr. SXJMNER. Very well. The letter, which
was dated 14 At my Farm, September 7, 1861,"
proceeds as follows: "The letter to which you
refer is no doubt genuine. I have no recollection of
writing it; but if Mr. Lincoln"—the bearer of the
letter—" says I did, then I am entirely satisfied of
the fact; for I am quite sure I would have given,
as a matter of course, just such a letter of intro-
duction to any friend who had asked it." Thus,
as late as the 7th of September, in the retire-
ment of his farm, the original letter was approved
and sanctioned. I would not exaggerate the effect
of this second letter, as I would not exaggerate
any pointin this unhappy case; but, in view of the
character of the original letter, the second letter
can only be considered as marking either a stolid
hardihood of guilt, or a stolid insensibility to those
rules of duty without which no man can be a
good citizen; but either way, it only-adds to the
offensive character of the original transaction, and
makes the duty of the Senate more plain.
I do not dwell .on other topics of this second
letter, because, though exhibiting bad temper and
bad principles, they do not necessarily conduct
to treason. The writer is welcome to express his
"utter contempt for abolitionism," and also to
declare his early and constant opposition to what
he calls " the entire coercive policy of the Gov-
ernment." Such declarations may render him an
unsafe counselor; but they do not stamp him as a
traitor. And it belongs to us, while purging this
body of disloyalty in all its forms, to maintain at
all hazards that freedom of speech which is the
herald and safeguard of all other freedom.
But there is other testimony which aggravates
the case still further. Not content with writing the
letter in question, on the 1st of March, 1861; not
content with approving and sanctioning this letter
on the 7th September,the writervery recently rose
in the place yet conceded to him in tins body, and
deliberately said: "I have done nothing that I
would not do over again under the same circum-
stances; and that I am not prepared to defend here
or dsewheie." These words were uttered on this
fioor, in debate on another case which occurred
as late as the 7th January of this year. Thus was
the original act of 1st March again affirmed, and
the relations existing at that time with the rebel
chief proclaimed and vindicated; and all this was
done m the American Senate without a blush.
Alas ! for that sensitive virtue which is the grace
and strength alike of individuals and of communi-
ties. It surely was wanting in the person who
could thus brave a just judgment; I fear it was
wanting also in ourselves, when he was permit-
ted to go without instant rebuke.
But f catch the suggestion that, at the date of
this letter, war was not yet flagrant, and that the
writer did not anticipate an actual conflict of arms.
The first part of this suggestion is notoriously
false. War had already begun, in the seizure of
forts, and in the muster ofrebel armies;_nay, more:
m the very presence of th'e writer of this letter, the
gage of battle had been flung down on this floor
by Senators who were leaving to take part in the
rebellion. This has been unanswerably shown
by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr Wilkin-
son.] But the second part of the suggestion at-
tributes to the writer an ignorance of the well-
known condition of things, which is inconsistent
with his acknowledged intelligence. If the prog-
ress and development of the rebellion had been in
secret; if it had been masked by an impenetrable
privacy; if it had been shrouded in congenial dark-
ness, then this apology might be entitled to atten-
tion. But the rebellion was open and complete;
and, on the 1st March, it was armed from head to
foot and in battle array against the national Gov-
ernment. Such was the actual condition of things,
patent, evident, conspicuous to the whole coun-
try. And permit me to say that any apology now
offered on the pretext of ignorance shows simply
a disposition to evade a just responsibility at any
hazard of personal character.
I catch the further suggestion, that the letter
was written in carelessness, or in heedlessness,
if you please, and without treasonable intent. Of
course such asuggestion must be futile, for every
man is presumed to know the natural consequences
of his conduct. This is the rule of law, and the
rule of patriotism. 3N~o man can be admitted to
set up any carelessness or heedlessness as an
apology for an act of treason. And I doubt not
you will all agree with me that a patriot Senator
cannot be careless or heedless when his country
is in peril.
But I catch yet another suggestion, which is,
that this letter is trivial and insignificant to jus-
tify the condemnation of a Senator. Then, in-
deed, is disloyalty trivial; then is treason itself
trivial. It is true the letter is curt. It contains
a single short paragraph only. But I have yet
to learn that crime is measured by paragraphs or
sentences, and that treason may not be found in a
few words as well asm many. It is true the letter
is familiar in its tone; but treason is a subtle
wickedness which sometimes stalks in state and
sometimes shuffles in homely disguise. It be-
longs to us to detect it and to judge it, whatever
form it may take.
Mr. President, let me not be unjust; let me not
lean even ungentlyagainstanoffenderjbutyou will
pardon me if I add, that against precise testimony,
and in the face of unquestioned facts, I can find
little in any present professions of loyalty which
ought to be accepted even in extenuation of the
offense. The duty of the Senate depends upon his
former conduct, and not upon his present profes-
sions. It is difficult to imagine any present pro-
fessions which can restore that confidence which
is essential to the usefulness of a Senator. It is
in the hour of trial and of doubt that men show
themselves as they are, laying up for the future
weal or woe; and not afterwards, when all temp-
tation to disloyalty has been lost in the assured
danger it must encounter, and when all positions
have bccomo fixed by events. Nor do I forget that
mere professions have too often been a cover for
falsehood. Yon remember well the story of Ben-
edict Arnold. After making his escape from the
fort which he was about to betray, and finding
shelter on board the British frigate, the Vulture,
then swimming m the North river, he addressed
a letter to General Washington which begins, as
follows:
" On board the Vulture, September 25, 1780.
" Sir : The heart which is conscious of its own rectitude
cannot attempt to palliate a step which the world maycen-
<3ui<? wrong; I have ever acted from a piinciplc of love
to mycountiy, since the commencement of the present
unhappy contest between Gteat Britain and the colonies;
the same principle ot love to my country actuates my pres-
ent conduct, however it may appear inconsistent to the
world, who veiy seldom judge light of any man's actions."
—Sparks Js Writings of Washington, vol. 7, p. 533.
Perhaps these very words might now be repeated
by the person whose seat is in question. He may be
unwilling to be classed with Benedict Arnold; but
the professions of that fugitive traitor are identi-
cal with the professions to which wo have listened
011 this floor. There is still another letter to Gen-
eral Washington from the same quarter, only a
few days later, which is equally suggestive. Ar-
nold protests against the arrest and impending
execution of Major Andre, who, he says, had
acted under his directions, and his promise of pro-
tection; and he adds, " as commanding officer in
the department, I had an undoubted right to trans-
act all these matters," precisely as the person
whose seat is now in question has averred in letter
and debate that ho had an undoubted right to open
that traitorous correspondence with the Chief of
the Rebellion. Eut I proceed 110 further with this
parallel.
Sir, if the present question were to be decided on
grounds of sympathy, it would be pleasant to re-
cord our names so as to give the least personal pain.
But we should act weakly and ignobly if on any
such giounds we failed in the double duty now so
urgent, first to the Senate, of which wo are members
and next, to that country which has a right to our
truest and most unhesitating: devotion. -If there
be among us any person still enjoying the eonfi-
dential trusts, legislative, diplomatic," and .execu-
tive, of this Chamber, who, since rebellion hoisted
its flag and pointed its cannon, has failed in that
loyalty which is an inviolable obligation—even
though his offense may not have the deepest dye"
of treason—he is unworthy of a seat in the Sen-
ate; and be assured, sir, that our coCintry, which
knows so well how to pardon all that is pardon-
able, expects that no such person, whatever may
be his present professions, shall be recognized any
longer as a Senator.
Do not hesitate, then. The case is clear, and
impartial history will so record it. No argument,
no apology, no extenuation can remove or miti-
gate its requirements. There is a courage which
belongs to this peaceful Chamber us much as to
the battle-iield, and now is the occasion for it.
Above all, let no false tenderness substitute sym-
pathy for judgment; and remember well that,
while blasting a faithless Senator, you will elevate
the Senate and inspire the country.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, after
the very able and interesting and exhaustive de-
bate to which we have all listened, it would seem
to be in bad taste for me to detain the Senate much
longer by any remarks of mine. But the peculiar
relation that the great Slate which I in part have
the honor to represent upon this floor bears to the
question under consideration, the deep and abid-
ing interest which the people of that State may
naturally be supposed to feel in the proper decis-
ion of the question, and the grave character and
transcendent importance of the discussion must
plead my excuse.
There is also a reason, personal to myself, why
it may not be altogether improper for me to give
to the country and to the Senate the reasons which
control my action upon the present occasion. It
will be remembered by the Senate that, three years
ago, the Legislature of the State oflndiana, believ-
ing that the election of my colleague to a seat in
this body was unconstitutional and void, elected
me to that same seat, and that I came here to
contest his right to a seat upon this floor, under
that legislative election. I am not here now to
open again that discussion, although, if it were
proper, it would give me great y>lcasure to do so.
I remember the incidents of that contest perfectly.
You remember them. I believed then,as I believe
now, as I believe in my own existence, as I believe
in God above me, that that was 'a partisan decis-
ion, in violation of law, and in violation of the
Constitution of the United States and of the State
of Indiana; but 1 refer to it now, not for the
purpose of reopening that discussion, which has
already passed, but simply for the purpose of
assuring the Senate that no recollection of the in-
justice perpetrated against me upon that occasion;
no memory of the outrage perpetrated upon the
honor, the independence, and the constitutional
rights of Indiana, mingles with my consideration
of this question. I am here now, if I know my-
self, to consider it as a new and original question,
upon its own merits. If I know myself, I have
no feeling of personal ill-will or unkindness to-
wards my colleague. My heart is too full of-
gloom and sorrow and apprehension 011 account
of the condition to which traitors and treason
have brought the country to leave room for per-
sonal or partisan feeling. I see before me^ my
torn, distracted, and bleeding country, that coun-
try which I have sworn to support, and that ex-
cludes from my vision all other objects. Upon an
occasion like this, he is no patriot, nay more, lie
is no man, who will not trample under his feet
every unworthy suggestion and every selfish mo-
tive. I shall endeavor, in approaching this dis-
cussion, to be free from partisan or personal prej-
udice. You will readily believe, Mr. President,
that it is no pleasant duty which now calls for
my action upon this occasion; but to me, if the
pathway of duty is plain, however unpleasant or
difficult it may be, 1 shall tread that pathway, I
shall follow my convictions of right and duty and
the lead of my principles, even though they shall
lead me to the flames of martyrdom. Mr. Presi-
dent, in an hour like the present we should en^
dcavor to raise ourselves to the height of this
great argument, involving, as it docs, the character
and conduct of one of our associates, a member of
this high body; involving the constitutional rights
of a sovereign State of the Confederacy; involving
