1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
a gentleman on this floor who supposes that forty
cents a gallon on -whisky thus rectified is ever
going to be collected by the Government? It is
impossible. An illicit business in liquors would
spring up which it would be hard to restrain. Wc
have heard enough of " smelling committees"
under the Maine law. Those who keep corner
groceries are smart enough to protect their own
interests, and they will do it in spite of all Gov-
* ernment officials.
Mr. MALLORY, Will the gentleman from
Connect *ou} allow me to ask him whether the same
objection does not apply to a tax of five cents per
gallon ?
Mr. ENGLISH. Not to the same extent.
There are extensive rectifying establishments in
the large cities, which rectify spiiits at a charge
of from two to four cents per gallon. The charge
is so small that grocers are willing to go to recti-
fiers and pay that charge; but 1 do not think that
that will be the case jf we impose a tax of forty
cents per gallon.
Mr. PH IlLPS, of California. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the lust word. I
do that for the purpose of offering a few sugges-
tions as to the propriety of the amendment, lam
very soriy that the committee has come to the
conclusion to act the part of a temperance society,
instead of carrying out its original purpose of
passing a Lax bill. I deprecate the laying of any
tax upon any branch of business tiie effect of
which will be to destroy that business in the coun-
try. That should not be the object of Congress
in passing; a tax bill. Particularly, sir, should we
not attempt to impose a fax on an article on hand,
disci immatingly, when we refuse to do it in refer-
ence to all other articles. We have had many
learned discussions, both in the House and in the
Senate, during this session, maintaining the prop-
osition that we have not the right to confiscate the
.pioperty of rebels. But this is a proposition most
clf- dually to confiscate the property of our friends.
There is no doubt about it. We have put a tax
already on spirituous liquors equaling fully their
cost. J r ig now proposed, in addition, to place a
tax on them of thiee times their original cost.
I concur in all that the gentleman from Con-
necticut has said in legaid to the propriety of tax-
ing liquors in tins shape. If it were a proposition
for the sake of morals, I would go as far as he
who goes furthest to suppress dram-drinking in
the Unifd States. But this is not such a ques-
tion . The business of rectifying spirits is eai ned
on extensively, as the gentleman says, at a cost
of two or thiee cents per gallon. Hut now it is
proposed to lay a tax of forty cents per gallon on
that process. Now, what will tin1, result be ? Why,
sir, the result will be that not a single dollar will
ever be collected on rectified spirits. The tax
will be evaded, except as to the quantity now on
hand; and, so far as that is concerned, it is fully
equal to a confiscation of all that kind of property
in the country. The exporting business in this
product has become vei y laijje within the last two
or tince years. 11 is estimated that fi did a t]uai ter
to a half of all the liquors made in the United
States are exported. So far as rectified hquois
are concerned, thcte is no drawback provided.
We may send our raw liquors to France, where
they are rectified, and returned at a less cost, after
paying one hundred percent, duty, than the Amei-
ican biandy made here, is that right5 Is that
politic? Most certainly not. In my judgment,
the most polinc thing for the committee lo do
would be to s11ike out that whole provision. If
you put-on this tax, the rectifying wi!l be dune
in the retail shops; the largo rectifying establish-
ments will be shut up, and no license will be de~
lived from them. It is impolitic and unwise to
carry out this theory of taxing liquoi s with a \ icw
of suppressing that kind of business. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 object to the withdrawal
of the amendment, but only that I may complete
the lemarks winch J was making on my amend-
ment. 11 lias been asked whether ;iny other prop-
erty is taxed in this bill, that will be m exist-
ence af (he tune the bill takes effect. I say, sir,
that there is other property, and that the same
puHOipIe which is applied to that would apply to
this. I hold that the same principle that is ap-
nhed, for instance, to carriages, watches, plate,
billiard tables, and piano fortes which have been
manufactuied at some time, and shall be on hand
when this bill passes and shall be taxed as it now
stands, will as well justify a tax on all spirits of
prior manufacture.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, rose.
Mr. EDWARDS. I must decline to yield to
the gentleman, for I have not the time for what I
desire myself to say.
Then again, Mr. Chairman, let me refer to an-
other matter. This bill proposes to tax salaries,
and it proposes to impose that tax soon after the
bill goes into operation. The tax is to the extent
uf thiee per cent, upon such salaries. And I ask
you to take into consideiation the fact that the tax
is not alone upon what has been received, but
upon all that is established for the year even just
commencing, however subject to being terminated
by various contingencies. Is not that a departure
fiom what is said to be the principle of the bill,
or rather does it not show that no one principle
pervades all its different provisions? It does not
even tax salaries pro rata for the lime they are en-
joyed, but as one and entire for the whole year,
even if the recipient shall die or be displaced fiom
office, or any contingency whatever shall happen
by which he fails to receive his salary, which is
the basis on which the tax is levied, and no re-
funding or abatement is to be made by the Gov-
ernment.
But there is another principle upon which I
think we can make this exception to the general
principle of the bill as has been stated. Admit-
ting the correctness of the principle as one gener-
ally to be followed, we may make this exception
upon the same principle upon which some of the
States prohibit the traffic entnely in this descrip-
tion of property. Wo may tax it upon the ground
that the traffic is of itself in jurious to the commu-
nity. Although I will not advocate the practice
of passing moral reform laws by Congress, yet 1
think it is proper on any ground that will justify
it lo avail ourselves of a source of taxation which
will alfoid a large revenue, and at the same time
do no inpistKc to any class of the community. I
am therefore in favor of making our exception to
the geneidl principle, if it is such, upon the same
ground that the exception is made in State Legis-
latures.
Now, sir, [am told that there are some one hun-
dred and fifty-sixmillionsof gallons—I think that
is the quantity—of this aittcle manufactured an-
nually in the country, and that a tax of half a dol-
lar a gallon would produce a revenue of $75,000,000
and more. Why, sir, it would give one half the
revenue asked to be raised by this bill upon a sin-
gle aiticle, and will impose, as I think, no hard-
shin upon any class of the community; no class
would bo oppressed by the tax. It has been pietty
well denionstuUed, 1 believe, to the satisfaction of
every one, that whatever tax yon impose upon
this article will be paid by the consumer, and he,
theiefore, if any one, is to be injured by it. If
he paid none of it, by using none, it would un-
doubtedly be better for him. But it is not to be
paid by the manufacturer, and wiil be paid by the
consumer when lie uses it. It is, theiefoie, im-
mateiial to him whether the tax is imposed upon
die article that shall be on hand ot only upon that
which is manufactuied in the future. In one case
he would pay the additional price to the Govern-
ment, in tile other to the nianufactuier, dealer, oi
speculator.
But if the effect of this amendment should fall
heavily upon persons who, it is said, have been
purchasing large quantities of the article in antici-
pation of the legislation of this bill, I have to say
that they will only have taken the chances that all
take who indulge m the piactice of gambling in
any shape, one or another—the chances uf loss as
well as gam.
I have no sympathy with that class of persons,
i especially on a subject of this character. If they
are sp< culating upon the legislation of the coun-
try, they must u>ke the hazard of the die. If we
see lit so to legislate as that the Government shall
I derive revenue from this aiticle fiom the time the
bill goes into operation, and by so doing shall de-
■ feat the plans of those who have been studying
' the chances of realizing fortunes from enhanced
1 prices occasioned by the action ot the Guvern-
| mrnt, such persons will have but little cause ot
i complaint, and can expect but little sympathy
j from any one. I have offered this amendment to
! test the sense of the House upon this question—
] which lias already been decided by it either way-
believing that this further and third decision may
be regarded as final.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the committed
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed,asa special order,the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. EDWARDS called for tellers.
Toilers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On vinegar, ot fluids purporting to Ik* vinegar, the acitf-
uh'nt jnopei tio-i whereof ^hntl be derived in whole or m part
I'iom any mateuaN other than culet or wine, five cents per
gallon. *
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out that para-
graph, and I will very briefly state my reasons
for making the motion. We find, on examina-
tion, that a great portion of the vinegar that is
used is manufactured from whisky and as we
have taxed whisky already pretty liberally, and
as vinegar goes largely as an element into the
manufacture's of the country, and as we might be
charged with taxing the manufacturers somewhat
more than their share, [laughter,] the Committee
of Ways and Means have, therefore, concluded
that vinegar ought to go " scot free."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph being under consid-
eration :
On ciound coffee, and all preparations of which coffee
totm* a part, ot winch !•> piepured lor sale as a substitute
lor eoflee, one cent pet pound,
Mr. HORTON moved to amend, by striking
outin the fifty-fourth line " one cent, "and insert-
ing in place thereof " throe mills."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph being under consid-
eration :
On ffiound pcppei, giouiul pimento,giound clovcs, ground
eav-ifi, and giounel gingei, and all mutations of the barae,
one eent pci pound,
Mr. IIORTON moved to amend, by inserting
after the words '"giound pepper," the words
" ground mustard."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to amend, in the fifty-
seventh line of tiie same paragraph, by striking
out <k one cent," and insei ting " five miHs." 1
move the amendment for the reason which 1 sup-
pose pievailed with the Committee of Ways and
Means in regaid to ground cofiee; because the
process of grinding these things is so exceedingly
simple that the revenue will be lost altogether it
the tax is fixed at too high a rate.
Mr. IIORTON. I will say m reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman fiom Connecticut that,
upon a full consideration of this question, after
examining expeits m the matter, who thought it
j would bear this lax, and that it could be collected,
j we fixed the rate as it is in this section.
I The amendment was disagreed to.
