416
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
the honor,the interest, the peace, the welfare,and?
it may be, the very existence of the only free Gov-
ernment upon earth. The confidential relation
which the Senate bears to the executive branch of
the Government, the high powers with which the
Constitution clothes the Senate, the perilous times
in which we live, make it our first, most impera-
tive, most sacred duty, to see that none but true
and Joyal men should be permitted to h-old seats in
tlife body.
This, Mr. President, heing the nature of the
great discussion upon which we have entered, we
should approach it with calm and dispassionate
reason, with enlightened patriotism, with a pro-
found sense of the public duty that rests upon us.
On an occasion like this we should by the purity
of our conduct vindicate the dignity of human na-
ture and the grandeur of human conduct. How
stands the question before the Senate and before
the country? Before I enter upon the discussion
of the subject, permit me to do justice, ample and
fulljustice, to my colleague upon this floor. Upon
the first day of the present session, my colleague
told me that he desired, invited,andrequested the
utmost scrutiny of the Senate into his conduct. I
give him the benefit of that manly avowal of a
desire for full investigation.
A resolution was introduced by the Senator from
Minnesota for the expulsion of my colleague, re-
citing a letter written by him on the 1st of March,
1861. We can only road that letter m the light of
cotemporaneous events, in the light of the circum-
stances surrounding the country at the time the
letter was written. I cannot unbosom any man
and look into his intentions and his motives; that
power is reserved to Omniscience alone; nor do
J pretend to judge of the motives of mycolleague;
I simply judge of his actions. I determine in my
own mind this, as I would any other issue of fact,
upon the evidence on file before the Senate and
before the committee. I do not desire to travel
out of the record to find a case against any one.
If the evidence does not warrant expulsion, he
should not be expelled; if there is no proof of trea-
son ordisloyalty a^ainsthim, my colleague should
not be expelled upon mere suspicion. Theieport
of the Committee on the Judiciary is, I grant you, a
circumstance prima facie in favor of mycolleague;
and ordinarily, with my high respect and admira- '
tion for that distinguished committee, 1 should not
perhaps feel at liberty to differ from their conclu-
sions; but it may be that the committee had before
them explanations and statements which are not
now be fore the Senate or before the country. If
so, I am willing that my colleague shall have the
benefit of such explanations, if any member of the
committee chooses to give them to the Senate.
Whether such a state of facts existed in thecom-
mitiee-room or not, 1 have no means of knowing.
Mr. President, 1 understood the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] to say yesterday that at
the time this letter was written neither my col-
league nor the country believed or had reason to
believe that war was imminent, or that civil war
would result from this unholy, unprovoked, and
God-aceui sed rebellion. Either the Senator from
Delaware or myself is totally mistaken in refer-
ence to the condition of the country on the 1st day
of Match last. At the risk of some repetition, I
will call the attention of the Senate again to the
state of 'he countiy at that time. I have here a
very brief synopsis of the principal steps taken
by the icbels in the inauguration of the present
disastrous n.bellion; and I will state them to the
Senate
Ay early as the 30th of December, ISGO, South
Carolina passed her oidmance of secession. On
the 20th of the same month, she seized all the
public property in the lnubor of Charleston, and
thiougli her Governor accepted volunteers, who
were, upon the 23th of December, assembled in
the neighborhood of Charleston, throwing up for-
tifications, beleaguering that city, and threatening
the defenses of Charleston harbor. Any of these
acts, the least, is an uct of war; so that war did
exist in the country as early as the 28th of Decern-
be r, ISGO—war openly levied against the Govern-
ment of the United States. On the 9th of January,
1861, Mississippi seceded; and upon that very
day, that ill-fated day, when Mississippi inaugu-
rated this "feast of blood and dance of death,"
the Star of the West was fired into, the flag of her
country that floated at her masthead was in-
sulted—that proud flag winch, up to that hour,
had represented the grandeur, the unity, the na-
tionality of the Republic—that flag, around whose
historic glories the proudest recollections of every
patriotic citizen clustered and must cling forever."
There was an act of war; and yet the Senator
from Delaware tells you that war did not exist,
although the flag of the country was fired upon,
and under what circumstances? That frail bark
spread her white wings to the breeze, and was
wafted on upon her errand of mercy to feed a starv-
ing garrison. The very circumstances of that
sacred mission would have melted the heart of a
savage; but,instead of compassion and protection,
the Star of the West was fired upon at the immi-
nent danger of sinking the ship; yes, fired upon
by cannon stolen from the public arsenals. And
yet gentlemen tell us that war did not then exist;
that it was not even imminent, and that no one
had a right to apprehend a state of war! Oh, no !
the attack upon the Star of the West was emi-
nently friendly and pacific! They did not intend
to make wai upon the Government of the United
States; they only intended to sink our ships, to
seize our forts, to plunder our arsenals, to 10b
our custom-houses, to starve our garrisons—that
was all. They did not dream of war; all these
acts were but their awkward way of expressing
their love for us.
On the 10th of January, 1861, Alabama and
Florida seceded. On the 21st of January Jeffer-
son Davis withdrew from his seat in the Senate,
and in his retiring speech flaunted the flag of the
icbels in your faces in this Senate Chamber. He
left here toinauguiate astute of war and rebellion
which was to desolate the countiy, and drive you
from the capital. When did that happen—prior
or subsequent to the 1st of March, 18G1 ? On the
21st of January, 1^61, he left the Senate. On the
8th of February, 1861, Davis was elected presi-
dent of the confederate States, assuming then, un- ,
der a pretended and self-constituted government,
the very title which my distinguished colleague
was so soon to bestow upon him. If this letter
had not been written after that event was known
to the whole world, its character would, perhaps,
be materially changed; but it was after every Sen-
ator knew that he claimed to be the head of a rebel
and insurrectionary government; after the record-
ing pen of history had chronicled the inaugura-
tion of this terrible rebellion. All the waters of
another deluge cannot wash out the stain of this
terrible treason. This, bear in mind, was all be-
fore the 1st of March, 1861. On the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1861, Davis appointed his cabinet, assum-
ing the powers belonging to a legally elected
President of the United States, putting in opera-
tion ins government. In a moment this fact was
telegraphed all over the country. It was no secret
here. You all knew, not only that he claimed to
be president, but that lie had appointed his cab-
inet on the 21st of February, 3861. Shortly after-
wards, Louisiana and Texas passed their acts of
secession—Louisiana prior to the 1st of March,
and Texas after that date.
From that hour, so far as they had it in their
power, the revolution was accomplished. They
had taken afinal step. Then-president was elected;
their cabinet was appointed; their congress called
out volunteer troops to sustain their government,
and those troops were already m the field march-
ing to the conquest of your cities and fortifications.
Such was the condition of things at the time when
this letter was written. You all remember it. You
remember how the miasma of treason poisoned
the very air we breathed; how the shadows of the
coming storm darkened the whole heavens—that
storm which has since burst in fury on the land.
You remember that then we hardly felt safe even
in the capital of the nation. The officers of the
Army and Navy—those petted and spoiled chil-
dren of the Republic—were leaving the ranks of the
Federal Army, and taking service under the re-
bellion. At that time, it seems to me, we cannot
ignore the fact that war was not only imminent,
but actually existed in our midst.
You recollect, Senators, another circumstance
of deep humiliation to every patriot in the land,
when your legally-elected President of the United
States had to seek the cover of midnight and an
ignoble disguise in order to reach the capital of
that country, whose Chief Magistrate he had been
elected by the free voice of the people, and under
all the forms of the Constitution.
This was all before the 1st of March, 1861, the
date of theJetter. Bu^ Mr. President, to whom
was this letter addressed ? In order to get at the
proper meaning and interpretation of a letter we
look to the date, we look to the person on whose
behalf it is written, we look to the person to whom
it is addressed. This letter was addressed to
Jefferson Davis, late a Senator in this body, who
had been reared and educated at public expense,
who had held high command in your armies, who
had been a Cabine| officer, who had been a mem-
ber of this Senate, who had added to treason the
infamy of ingratitude. To him this letter was
addressed.
" How are the mighty fallen !
Since ho, miscallcd the morning star,
Nor man nor fiend hath fallen so far."
To him, of all others, this letter was addressed
—to him, the arch high priest of rebellion, who
has systematically, for the last twenty years,
sought "to fire the southern heart" to this very-
point of treason. Gentlemen say, in explanation, it
is a mere ordinary letter of introduction. It may be
so. They say that it was a mere inadvertence—
that the writer thought nothing of it, or so little
that he had even forgotten that he had ever written
the letter. This may be so. If so, it was a fatal
and terrible mistake, under the circumstances, to
write any such letter. What is the controversy
to-day that agitates the whole country? Whether
secession is a constitutional right; whether Davis
is the president of a constitutional government?
Both these facts seem to be taken for granted and
admitted in the letter now in evidence before the
Senate. I grant you that the address of a letter
is very often a mere matter of form; still he is ad-
dressed as the president of the confederate States
—the very title that he assumes; the very title that
we resist. The whole controversy is yielded the
very moment we yield the fact that he is or can,
by possibility, be the president of the confederate
States, as claimed by him. There is the first cir-
cumstance. I make nothing out of the fact that
Mr. Lincoln, the man in whose behalf the letter
was written, has subsequently turned out to he a
traitor, and is now indicted for treason. I make
no point upon that, because I know that politi-
cians are liable sometimes to make unreliable,
dangerous friends, and to be deceived by them.
The fact that he is indicted for treason only shows
this, that the writing of the letter was not only a
mistake, but that the man in whose behalf the
letter was written was wholly unworthy of credit
and confidence; if my colleague believed that he
was innocent and loyal and patriotic, he must
have been most cruelly deceived.
Mr. President, what other circumstances do we
meet in our further progress in this letter? What
were the objects for which Thomas B. Lincoln
sought an interview with Jefferson Davis? Sup-
posing that my colleague might have innocently
written a letter on an indifferent subject to Davis,
and might have given him his honoiary title, and
still be guilty of no disloyalty to the Government,
when we look at the object sought to be accom-
plished by this letter, I cannot doubt that disloy-
alty must have entered into the mind of my
colleague. Was it to dispose of any valuable
improvement m arts or mechanics? Was it to
dispose of a patent reaper, an improved engine
for the purpose of rusnmga railway train, orany-
thing calculated to advance the arts of peace and
to develop the wealth of the country? If such
had been the objcct, it would have furnished an
excuse for the letter; but of all things most ob-
jectionable, it is to make sale of what "he re-
gards a valuable improvement in fire-arms.'* And
under what circumstances ? Had not war been
levied against the country? The distinguished
Senator from Delaware said that when this letter
was written no one contemplated a state of war,
and least of all my distinguished colleague from
Indiana. Let me tell that Senator that the letter
shows that not only Thomas B. Lincoln, but the
Senator from Indiana, must have anticipated a
state of war. What is the objcct sought to be
accomplished by the introduction? The sale of
an improved fire-arm. If no war was to result,
what use would Jefferson Davis have for an im-
proved fire-arm ? If no*state of war existed, why
should he go to Jefferson Davis, above all others,
to sell an improved fire-arm? Was Jefferson
Davis the head of the Ordnance Bureau at Wash-
ington? Was he Secretary of War of the United
States? Had he a right to purchase improved
