280-8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
the United States. Can we do it? Have we the
power to do it? May not the States, if they please,
allow the distillation and sale of liquor in spite
of Vis ?
I think our appropriate duty is to shape this
bill with reference to the business of the country,
and to impose the burdens of this bill as heavily
as possible on business of this description; and
the more heavily we can lay our hands on busi-
ness of this description the better I shall be satis-
fied. I honestly believe if this clause is stricken
out, and the sale of liquor allowed to go on as it
noW" is in the States where it is prohibited, the
rumseller will have an advantage which this clause
would take from him; and, on the other hand, not
one individual State will be interfered with in the
least, either as it regards the sale of liquor, or as
it regards the qualifications of persons who are
authorized by State laws to sell it, by the passage
of this act. If the Senator from Kansas, or if any
Senator, is under the impression that this is in
any manner to override State law or State au-
thority, he is entirely mistaken. It simply im-
posesanadditional burdenupon this business over
and above the burdens imposed by the State au-
thorities in States where they allow it; and in
States where it is not allowed, it leaves it as it
is, except that if any persons follow it in those
States they shall pay a tax to the Government for
carrying it on, leaving it to the States themselves
to punish all violations, notwithstanding the tax
paid to the national Government, if they think
proper to arrest it; so that I am at a loss to see, I
confess, how the temperance cause can in any
manner be promoted by the motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I do not look
upon this proposed tax as in the nature of an im-
munity or privilege or license to the business of
selling spirituous liquor by retail. I look upon
it rather in the light of an additional penalty.
That will be the operation, as my colleague has so
well shown, in the State of Connecticut. It does
not interfere with the State law; but it provides
that whoever shall sell in that State, while he is
jiot protected by this additional tax, shall pay this
tax. I have no doubt the effect will be to cut up
by the roots the very worst and largest portion of
the retail of spirituous liquors. The small shops
where this miserable, poisonous liquor ts sold will
not pay the tax, because, in many instances, they
cannot afford it, or cannot advance the money;
and it will cut up that business, and destroy them.
I think it is an ingenious mode of doing it, and it
does not at all interfere with our laws. If a man
violates the law of the State, this tax does not pro-
tect him, for he can be prosecuted under the State
law. If he does not pay it, he is liable to be
prosecuted by the General Government; and I
have no doubt that that course will be resorted to.
Therefoie, in voting for this clause, I do not wish
to bo placed in the light of voting for a license
law. 1 license nothing. I tax the'man who sells
in spite of the State law, and if the State permits
him to sell, it is not my fault; I would tax him
still. In order to test this question, let me ask
what would be the wish of these small retailers
themselves? What would be their desire? They
do not want tins tax. They would much prefer
to go on without this law. They would rather
sell withoutlicenseand without law. Iftheyin-
sist on selling, as they do in the State of Connec-
ticut, and in the State of Maine where the law
originated, is it not right and proper for us to ex-
act from them such penalty as we can? On that
ground, I shall vote to retain this tax.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator from Kan-
sas has misconstrued the two provisions which
veferto this subject,and most especially the sixty-
third section, which provides:
That no license hoieinhefore provided foi, if granted,
shall be construed to authorize the commencementor con-
tinuation any tiadi', business, occupation, or employ-
ment tliCrem mentioned within any Sute or Teintoiv of
the Umted States hi which it is or shall be specially pro-
hibited by the ltuvs thereof.
If by the State laws the business of retailing
liquors is prohibited, then, by the very terms of
this bill, the license which would be granted, if
applied for, will not authorize either the commence-
ment or the continuation of that business, and in
States where retaildealingin liquors is totally pro-
hibited, of course there can be no licenses ° ranted
under this bill. Then in States where tlTe busi-
ness is not totally prohibited, but where it is bur-
dened by taxation, and only to be followed under
the authority gran ted by a license, this bill imposes
an additional burden upon it. So far from giving
it any countenance whatever, it is no more coun-
tenancing the trade than it would be to counte-
nance a breachy horse by putting an additional pair
of hobbles upon him. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I am very glad that this bill is now advo-
cated as an instrumentality in favor of tcmperan.cc.
If the bill is to pass, I hope Senators who thus
construe it are right in their interpretation of it.
But I do not so understand it. I want to ask the
Senator from Connecticut if he understands, by
the provisions of this bill, that persons in the State
of Connecticut are to have licenses from the Fed-
eral Government by paying twenty dollars?
Mr. FOSTER. I understand that if any man
in the State of Connecticut, after the passage of
this bill, shall sell liquor, he will be subjcct to be
proceeded against under this bill for penalties that
will be three times or more the amount of the tax,
and to be punished to an extent that will entirely
break up his business, as I believe; and that is in-
dependent of and wholly outside of the operation
of the State law upon him, to which he is just as
much subject after obtaining what the gentleman
calls a license under this bill, as though tie did not
obtain it.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. Then I am
to understand that a person in the State of Con-
necticut desiring to sell liquors, makes his appli-
cation for a license to the Federal Government,
and this is to be granted in the forms according to
the fifty-fifth section of this act on paying twenty
dollars. In other words, I understand thft the
fifty-fifth section of this act provides for the mode
and manner of granting such licenses to carry on
business under the sixty-third scction of the act.
The fifty-sixth section of this act provides that
no persons, unless they obtain a license in the
manner provided for, shall carry on the business
mentioned in the sixtieth section. The fifty-fifth
scction provides:
That if any poison or person's shall oxcrctee or carry on
any trade oi business hereinafter mentioned, for the exercis-
mir or caiiyins on of which tiadc or business a license is
icfjiiucd by tins act, without taking out such license as in
that hchall leqiureil, he, she, or they shall, for cveiy such
offence icspectively, foifeit a penalty equal to three tunes
the amount of the duty, &c.
I understand this act to mean this: that any per-
son in the United States residing in any State,
whatever their local legislation may be, applying
for a license to sell liquors at wholesale, is re-
quired, in order to have a license, to pay $100,
and to sell liquors at retail, to pay for a license
twenty dollars, and that no person can sell liquors
at wholesale or retail without such license; and
if he does so, the penalty is three times the amount
of the license. Then there is another provision
in the act, that if licenses are granted nothing in
it shall be construed to give any such person the
[lower to commcncc or continue thatkmdof busi-
ness in violation of State law. I understand the
bill to mean this: any man in the State of Mas-
sachusetts may go to the assessor and ask for a
license to sell liquors at wholesale or retail, and the
collector gives that license. He cannot sell with-
out that license, and it is given him. But the act
makes this reservation, that it does not give him
the power to commence or continue business in
violation of State law. Still, he has his license.
That J understand to be the meaning of the bill.
That is precisely what I understood the bill yes-
teiday to be, and it is because of that that 1 am
opposed to it.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow mc to
ask him aquustion right here: whether he under-
stands that when a man gets that license he can
exercise the business, and sell liquor under the
license in violation of the State law? That is the
point.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that he can commence the business if he
chooses; he subjects himself, however, to the
State law, and is amenable to it, and this license
gianted to linn does not protect him against the
State law. That is precisely what I understood
it to mean; and if anybody understands it differ-
ently, I should like to hear him say so. There it
stands. No man, I think, can argue that away.
Now, sir, I start on this ground, that the ex-
amination made during the last half century in
this country,and in England, and the world over, i
where the subject has been discussed and agitated,
demonstrates, beyond all doubt or question, that
the license system, in whatever form, has been
a prolific source of drunkenness, intemperance,
crime, poverty, and misery. The statistics of the
temperance societies and temperance men in this
country prove that beyond doubt. There is nota
man in America who doubts it.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts whether he does not refer to licenses,
properly so called, where they give a man, by
law, a right to sell liquor; so that, selling under
the law, he cannot be stopped from selling?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. If, then, this does not give a
man any authority to sell, how can it have the
evils of that license system?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think I
shall show that, and answer the Senator before I
get through; I desire nowto state my proposition.
The facts having shown that the system of
licenses, by whomsoever granted, or howsoever
granted, increased drunkenness, and the crimes
that follow drunkenness, the friends of temper-
ance, a quarter of a century ago, in some of the
States fought against the license system; they car-
ried their contest to the ballot-box in towns,
counties, and Slates, and, when strong enough,
they voted down the license system, because it
gave security, gave character to the rum traffic.
Before they were strong enough to put on prohib-
itory laws they voted down the license system;
they preferred to let everybody sell that chose to
sell, rather than to have anybody licensed to sell.
The moral effect of a man's having the license,
the authority, the especial grant, either by ordi-
nance or by law, to sell liquor, was so much in
favor of liquor selling that the friends of temper-
ance abolished that system, and threw it open
altogether, and let everybody sell that chose. In
some of the States they have enacted stringent
laws against selling. In some of the States, where
they have no prohibitory laws, they have no
license laws. In some of the States they have pro-
hibitory laws. In some of the States they have
license laws. In some of the States they have
no laws on the subject; and no laws are infinitely
better than license laws, and all the friends of
temperance in this country are unanimous in that
opinion.
The Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,]
who I doubt not is sincere in his views in regard
to this bill, and I differ from him on this and
many questions with reluctance, does not look on
this as a license; and! think the other Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] had something of
the same view, and the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] spoke this morning in regard to the
tax we put upon the manufacture of liquors.
Why, sir, a tax on the manufacture ofliquor, and
a license to manufacture liquor, are two things.
You do not give the manufacturer of liquor a li-
cense to manufacture liquor; it is not under your
license system.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, then, whether he would be satisfied with
this first clause in the fourth section, if it r^ad
thus: " Retail dealers in liquors, including dis-
tilled spirits, fermented spirits, and wines of every
description, shall pay a tax of twenty dollars.si
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
object to taxing liquor sellers; I am willing to tax
anybody and everybody; but the distinction be-
tween a tax and a license is obvious. You tax
men for importing liquors; that is a tax, and I
think the higher the tax the better it is; and if it
was so high as to prohibit the importation alto-
gether, so much the better. You tax a manufac-
turer of liquor, and the higher you tax him the
better. I would like to put a tax of a dollar a
gallon on all manufactured, and I would like to
put enough on it to prohibit the manufacture of a
single gallon ofliquor in this country if I could.
If I had the power to do that, and could do it, I
should think that I was a public benefactor. You
do not licensc a man to manufacture liquor, but
you give a license to soli. If this was a question
to Intense men to manufacture liquor in this coun-
try, I would vote against it and oppose it, be-
cause it would be givingthcrn a privilege, agrant,
a certificatefromthisGovernmentto do thatthing.
