1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1489
same. It will be an injustice to the western makers of the
fotmer it' an exclusively eastern manufacture is thus pro-
tected to their injury.5'
Mr. DUNN. A friend by my side suggests
that the letter jus trend will defeat my amendment,
as it discloses the fact that New England has an
interest in making adiscrimination in favor of po-
tato starch. I do not charge that the Represent-
atives from New England are trying to secure to
theirconsutuentsany unduead vantages under this
tax bill; but I do not think it will do any harm to
watch them. I know the West is very able to
take care of its interests. Corn is our " peculiar
institution." This bill taxes it in every, form.
Corn is taxed in whisky, into which channel, I am
soiry to say, a vast amount of it runs; it is taxed
in beef; it is taxed in polk; it is taxed in starch.
So be it, provided otherstaples and manufactures
arc ratably taxed. We are willing to beai our
full share of the public burdens. Wc sustain the
war with our money as well as with our men. But
I see no just reason why corn starch should be
taxed higher than potato stai ch. My reasons for
my opinion are so well stated in the letidr from
which an extract has been read, that I trust I need
only call the attention of the House, and particu-
lar y of the members of the corn-growing sections,
to those reasons, in oider to have the proposed j
amendment sustained,
Mr. HORTON. I believe that corn starch
is worth about twice as much as potato starch.
Now, as the West can raise corn as cheap as po-
tatoes, and as corn starch is worth twice as much,
I do not see any good reason for objecting to this
tax.
Mr. DUNN. What is the price of potato starch?
Mr. HORTON. I refer the gentleman to the
price cuirent.
Mr. DUNN. I supposed that the gentleman
now representing the Committee of Ways and
Means would be able to answer that question.
We have a light to look to him for such informa-
tion. Jn the letter which was read, it was stated
that there was ao^reat difference in the prirr* of
corn and potato starch.
Mr. HORTON. If the gentleman denies my
statement, I will hunt up the price curient.
I wish the committee to understand that the
Committee of Ways and Means represent the ,
whole country, and they have tried to lay these j
taxes equally upon all of the interests of the coun- !
try. It is agreeable to have a pleasant joke upon
this side or upon the other side of the House; yet !
when gentlemen come to look at the bill they will
see that the committee, while they have known
no East or no West—to adopt an expression in !
vogue some time ago—yet they have known a little j
North or a little South. j
The amendment to the amendment was rejected. ]
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend the amendment i
by striking out "two mills per pound on corn
starch,'" and inserting " one and a half mills per
pound." The amendment now proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means is a reduction of
the tax on potato starch from two mills to one mill
per pound, and on corn starch from four mills to
two mills per pound. This reduces the tax, but
preserves the discrimination in favor of potato
starch. Starch is largely usedjn the manufacture
of cotton goods. Those manufactories being lo-
cated in the eastern States, give to the manufac-
tuiers of potato starch the advantage of being near
the market. The corn starch has to bear the ex-
penses of long iiausportation. Now, if in addi-
tion to the expenses of transpoj tation coin starcji
is subjected to a heavy adverse discrimination,
the effect may be to exclude italtogethcr from the
eastern market, materially dimmish its manufac-
ture, and to that extent reduce the revenue of ihe
country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is too small
a matter to detain the committee long about. So
far as the representative value is concerned, the
committee took pains to investigate it. They found
that potato starch is only made when these is an
abundant crop of potatoes. During the past year,
corn has been exceedingly low and starch could
be produced much cheaper from corn than from
potatoes. By looking at the price current it will be
seen that corn starch commands almost invariably
twice the price of potato starch. The price of
potato starch is from two to two and a quarter
cents a pound, while that of corn starch may be,
in some places, as low as three cents, but oftener
four to six. But it must be borne in mind thatboth
articles are exceedingly depressed, because the
manufacturers do not now require them to the ex-
tent they usually do.
The'question recurring on the amendment to
the amendment,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Rollins of New Hampshire, and
Duxx.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 41.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the next amend-
ment offered by the Committee of Ways and
Means, which was to reduce the tax upon starch
made of rice from six mills to four mills per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows:
On tobacco, leal oi «tem, unmanufactured, three cents
per pound : Pronded. That the payment of this duty shall
not exempt tobacco from a Anther duty when manufac-
tiued.
/"Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the whole
ftf that paragraph, and I wish to state the reason
font. We found, Mr. Chairman, after a great deal
of deliberation, and after taking the sense of the
committee and the sense of the various interests
in the country, that it would be better to levy all
the tax on tobacco, which we levy at all, upon the
manufactured article. All the taxes in this bill
were levied upon the manufactured article, with
the exception contained in this paragraph. The
committee have directed me to move to strike out
this clause, thinking that thereby we will get as
much revenue by increasing the tax upon the
manufactured article. 1 hope all the gentlemen
who vote for striking this out, will vote for put-
ting the additional tax m the next paragraph—
specially not excepting my colleague from the
Monroe district, [Mr, Morris.] * ,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Committee
of Ways and Means seems to have made some
arrangement upon this matter, and have appar-
ently traded on tobacco capital. Now, sir, I ob-
ject to any combination of that kind. I think I
j can see the smoke, if not of the cigar, most clearly
of trade. And while this clause was urged yes-
terday as a reason why cotton should be taxed,
it was a pretty hard point to get over when they
said that you must not tax the agricultural pro-
ductions of the country—this clause standing up
in the face of that assertion. And the gentlemen,
with a shrewdness which becomes gentlemen who
manage the financial affairs of the country, before
1 could get my amendment presented again, have
struck a'baigaw with the tobacco men, expecting
to defeat us in getting a tax upon cotton. And I
wish now to serve a notice upon the gentlemen [a
Voice. Serve it in writing] that the cotton tax
combination is growing, and will overcome this to-
bacco combination; and I shall present the prop-
osition before this Congress is over, and I shall,
in some way, get a vote by yeas and nays upon
the cotton tax, and I will bring gentlemen up to
the bull-iing upon the subject. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
/"'"The next clause was read, as follows:
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twistr fine cut, and manu
factuied of all dosciiptions, not including snull, cigars, or
prepaied smoking tobacco, five cents per pound.
Mr. HORTON. 1 move to amend that clause
by inserting ten" in place of44 five." I merely
wish to disclaim having been persuaded to this
change by any baigain with tobacco makers, or
tobacco groweis. I must say that a greater in-
fluence upon my mind was produced by the ar-
gument of my eloquent colleague, [Mr. Morris,]
who advocated the exemption of leaf tobacco, and
by the argument of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg,] who argued in favor of a tax upon
cotton. 1 was very much in the condition of the
Indian who says, " the more you say ' bow and
arrow," the mo.re i won't do it;" and the more earn-
estly my friend argued in favor of that particu-
lar tax upon ugiicultuial products, the more I
was convinced he was mistaken, and that wc had
better take out of the bill the only anomaly there
was in it, and let the eofton product stand or fall
upon its own merits; and I will say to my friend
that I will vote for a high or low tax as I think
right when the time comes.
Mi*. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentlemari
says I convinced him I was wrong, and ihat he
was right—that the more 1 said " tax cotton,"
the more he said "no." That is always the "con-
dition of a stubborn man. The more potent -the
truth I hurl at him, the more he becomes con-
firmed in his stubbornness; and that is ihe char--
acter of my friend. [Laughter.] There are no
questions, except cotton and tobacco, but what he'
and I agree abou.t. We go pretty well together
upon the nigger question, [laughter,] and upon all
other questions. But the committee having put
their foot down upon the question of cotton, it
would be a great surrender by the Committee of
Ways and Means, to be convinced by any gen-
tleman, or by any number of gentlemen from the
far West, that they were wrong; and while I do
not admire the gentleman's logic, I do admire his
spunk. .
/'The amendment was agreed to.)
* Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the sev-
enty-seventh line by striking out " three"and in-
serting "five;" so that the clause will read, "on
tobacco, prepared smoking, five cents per pound."
TJie amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows:
On snuff or tobacco, ground dry or damp, of all descrip-
tions, (except aiomatic or medicinal snuff in vials, pots,
boxes, or packets,) five cpnts per pound.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend that clause
by striking out *' five" and'inserting " eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows:
On cigars, valued at not over five dollars per thousand,
ten ccnts pei pound.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend by
striking out " ten" and inserting "five." 1 ask
that an extract from a letter which I send to the
Clerk maybe read in support of my amendment.
It is from one of the largest dealers in tobacco in
the western country. It is so justand judicious,
so discriminating in its criticisms, that I desire to
present it as my argument in bchalfof the amend-
ment which I have proposed. If this amendment
shall prevail, 1 will offer others to perfect the sec-
tion; if not, I will not further press the matter on
the attention of the committee.
The letter was read, as follows:
"3. The want of uniformity in the operation of the rates
on the manufactuied articles of plug, six twist, fine cut
chewing, smoking cut, and cigars. Thus the )ate in all
cla«s«c>: cavendish plug, twist,fine cut, and manufactured
of aM desouptions, is five cents pei pound. Now, sir, the
inequality: six twibt is woith to-day twelve cents; dark
fivo, cavendish, a-; the bill means it, are worth thirty, and
the best biamh ofnatuiai leaf m plug say fifty. Jn the
one ease theprr cent, is foity-two, m the nextit B sixteen
and two thuds, and in the next it is ten, and the ratio of
per cent, is mvcited; it ought to be forty-two on the best,
sixteen and two thuds on the next, and ten on the six twist,
for the leason that the common giades are used by the
pooier classes, who *ie but illy able to pay it, as soldiers,
lahoiers, boatmen, and such; while the other grades are
used by clashes who aie beiiei able to pav. The fine cut
ehcwmg runs in puce ftnm nine tofoitjfc You can sec the
difference in per cent, is about as it is in plug; m smoking
cut the puce luns Jiom four and a half to fifteen, a still
greater di^propoiuon in rates. In cigars it is still worse;
common eigai*, valued at not ovet five dollars, ton cents per
pound; not ovei ten dollai-., fifteen cent*; at over ten, twenty
ceuis per pound. This i-.really lidleulou*. Thus, common
half Spanish cigars, made fiom tlx; commonest giadcs of
tobacco, by women and small boys- learning the trade, and
used by the pooier eiasf-e*, weight twelve pounds to the
thousand ; this males, them pay $1 20 pei thousand. Now,
they ate not worth in the *.|iop-, over three dollar-* per thou-
sand, making them pay lorty per cent; while the other giades
weigh about ten pounds to the thousand, and pay in the one
instance $1 r>0 pei thousand, oi a per cent, of fifteen, and
in the better grades fiom ten up, co-ting an average ot
twenty- five dollars, .$9 50 or ten per ccnt , vvionjr end fore-
most again. A moment's* lefiection will show you that the
jatc on the common grades of plug, chewing cut, smoking
cut, and common cigars willdnve them out ot the market,
depiive thousands and thousands of women and clnUheii ot
their accustomed resources fiom labor, take away from the
pooi laborei and soldier and boatman ins solace in wet-and
w.u and woe, and defeat the very objeet of the bill by de-
stroying the pioductjon of these articles.
'••1. Foreign tobaccos, as Cuba, Havana, Yara, Sagua,
and such like, seem to escape altogether; oral anyiate the
lull does not seem to have ihem in contemplation in any of
it* piovisions They pay a tanii', it is tine, but still they
ought to pay tax besides as domestic tobaccos. They pay
a taiiff to get into thecountiy; when in, let them pay to
support the country."
Mr. HORTON. If the committee likes the
sort of tieat they have just now had, I can give
them fifty or sixty lotteis expressing all varieties
of opinion. I am aware that we cannot make a
tax bill that will suit all interests. Wc have
taken the average of all the opinions we could get,
and from that light have made out the bestsched-
