.1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ia not the moral effect
the same ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very dif-
ferent. I say if the Senator will put the whole-
sale and retail dealer on the same level under the
act and tax them, very well. I have no objection
to taxing; but I do not want a wholesale liquor
dealer or a retaii liquor dealer, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts or any other State, to take out of his
pocket and shake his license in the foce of every
man who, by moral suasion or by legal action,
undertakes to arrest his selling liquor, and say,
"here, I have paid $100, or 1 have paid twenty
dollars; I have got the certificate of the United
States, the license, the leave of that Government
to sell liquor, and I defy you." If you grant men
in my State this license to sell liquor at wholesale
and retail, with that strength and that power they
will break down the liquor laws of that State, and
putthematdefianceand trample upon them. They
will say, " we have paid our money for leave to
sell." They now are fighting the State law. We
have men in Massachusetts that carried the laws
of our State on the liquor question to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and they employed
Mr. Webster and other eminent lawyers to argue
their cases in court. They contended that they
had imported liquors, they had paid their duty,
and they had a right to sell; and they fought the
State authorities and State laws for years on that
question. We have a law now prohibiting the
sale of liquors; and with these persons fighting
and defying that law now, it is very difficult to
procure convictions, because often men on juries
do not perform their duties. In the large cities it
is almost impossible to do it, such is the power
and influence of the liquor traffic.
Now, if you give them a license to sell on the
part of the Federal Government, they will look
down contemptuously upon all State legislation.
It will give them such a moral .power and support
in the judicial tribunals, and before the public sen-
timent of the State, that they will wear us out and
wear our law down.
Then take a State where there are no laws on
the subject, where the friends of temperance, the
opponents of thehquor traffic, have been struggling
for years for good legislation on this subject and
have been voted down, but still hope on, trust-
ing in God and the progress of truth and justice;
and how are they met? They have got no license
laws in that State, or if they have a license system,
theyare for overthrowing itand havinga prohib-
itory system; and they are met by this Govern-
ment, which goes in there and allows to every per-
son in the State that is willing to pay the money,
a license to sell liquors. What is the effect? The
persons with these licenses in their pockets are
acting according to law, the law of tiie Federal
Government, and with its license in their pocket
to sell liquors they will have a moial weight and
a moral power, and they will postpone for years
any legislation that arrests the terrible evil tliat is
the great curse of this country. If you put it in
the class of matters to he taxed, it is another ques-
tion. If you put it in the form of giving a license
and giving a strength to it, I am opposed to it. I
see a distinction, a broad distinction, between tax-
ing a man who is engaged peihaps in an improper
business, and giving him a license for twelve
months to pursue that business.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I think there
is a little difficulty in this matter, more than Sen-
atois seemed to suppose. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that this provision will
be offensive to the sentiment of a great many peo-
ple in our country; but that is not all. Take a
State where the sale of liquor is authorized by
law under a license system, and I suppose that in
most of the northern States that is the case. In
some of the States it is altogether prohibited, but
those States are comparatively few. In the State
that I represent we have a license system. Cer-
tain persons, upon showing to a certain board
certain qualifications and paying a certain sum
and executing certain bonds, may be permitted to
retail liquor. Now, let us see how this bill ap-
plies to a State like New Yoik, with such a law
as I have described. First of all, this bill pro-
vides that a man who shall sell liquor without
having obtained alicense under this bill, shall for-
feit three times the amount of the money he is to
pay to obtain a license; he subjects himself to that
penalty. But he may go to the officer prescribed
in this bill and obtain a license by paying his
twenty dollars, and then the bill goes on to de-
clare what shall be his rights under that license.
Now, suppose this case: suppose a man in the
State of New York should go to the officer of the
United States and should say, " I want a license
to sell liquor." He says, " you can have it;,give
me your twenty dollars, and I will give you your
license." He receives a license under this statute,
and puts it in his pocket, and he goes about his
business and opens a shop to sell liquor; has he
n ot a right to sell it ? What law is there that pro-
hibits him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law of the State of
New York.
Mr. HARRIS. The law of the State of New
York prohibits him, it is said. Will there not be
a collision ? Then he has got a license, under the
authority of the United States, to sell liquor, and
the laws of the State of New York prohibit it.
There is a provision in this statute which declares
that where a State has prohibited licenses alto-
gether, the license under this bill shall be of no
effect, or that none shall be granted. In the State
of Maine a license under this bill cannot be granted;
but in the State of New York it can be granted,
nor is it limited to those who may be licensed un-
der the New York law.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon mo for
suggesting that I have called the attention of the
chairman to the provision he now refers to, and
it can be amended so as to cover the difficulty by
inserting, in the sixth line, the words " or in viola-
tion of the laws thereof."
Mr. HARRIS. Perhaps that would coter the
case. My impression is, that under this bill, as
it now stands, a man may take out a license to
sell liquor in the State of New York, and disre-
gard the State law; at least it may be so construed.
It is not, as the Senator from Connecticut argued,
a tax; it is a license; it goes on the theory of
license from first to last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from New Hampshire can
be made. Guard it ill any way you please.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that section sixty-
three effectually disposes of the objection that lias
been raised about State laws in conflict with this.
That section provides:
That no license hereinbefoie provided for, if granted,
shall be construed reauthorize the cotninencemontm- con-
tinuation of any tiade, bu-iuess, occupation, or ernploj ment
therein mentioned, within any Slate or Tenitoiy ol the
United State? in which it is or shali be specially ptolliblted
by the laws thereof.
It seems to me that that leaves jt perfectly cog-
nizable by the State laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
York says it wants some further regulation which
the Senator's colleague designs to make, by add-
ing to that section, " or in violation of the laws
thereof," so that it shall bo subject to the State
laws in all particulars.
Mr. HALE. Rut 1 want to say another word
in regard to some remarks that fell from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I agree very much
with what he said, and not long ago I used to be-
lieve entirely as he has stated m regard to the ef-
fect of a license system; but there is a state of
things now being experimented by some States,
the statistics of which have yet to bo collected, and
upon which nothing that has heretofore transpired
affords ary light, and that is the practical effect of
an entirely prohibitory law in regard to the selling
of spirituous hquors, such as we have at present
in the State of New Hampshire, and I do not
know but they have in Maine and Massachusetts.
I believe they have. We have an entirely pio-
hibitory law. I live in a city of about ten thou-
sand inhabitants, about as orderly a city as there
is, I believe, in New England anywhere, of its
size, as law-abiding a people; and I believe to-day
theie never were, at any time, and under any cir-
cumstances, two thirds as many places where
liquor is openly and habitually and constantly
sold, week days and Sundays, as it is under the
operation of our entirely prohibitory Iaw;_ and I
do not think we ire worse than the rest ol man-
kind. I simply rose to say, in this connection,
that we are making now an experiment which has
heretofore not been made, and we are in a state
of things in regard to which all the statistics of
the past afford no light. I shall vote against strik-
ing out the section; I hope it will be retained; and
I fear, and very much fear, that when the statistics
of the past, which tell so doleful a tale, as I hare,
no doubt they do, as suggested by the Senator-
from Massachusetts in regard ttOtiie license sys-
tem, shall be compared side by side with those
collected under an entirely prohibitory system,
the prohibitory system will tell a worse .tale than
the license system. . -
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was my intention to.
vote for this section before I examined it; but on,
examining the whole section, I cannot vote for it,:
for a reason different from any which has been
assigned. I see no reason why the distiller,man-
ufacturer, and seller of liquor should not be taxed
as well as other people; but my objection to the
sixtieth section is that to' pursue any of the busi-
nesses mentioned in that section requires a license
to be taken out, a license from the Federal Gov-
ernment. I do not believe that the Federal Gov-
ernment has a right to grant a license to transact
any branch of business named in this section
within the limits of the States. If it has a right to
grant a license for carrying on any branch of busi-
ness named in this section, then it has a right to
punish any person who shall carry on that busi-
ness without a license from the Federal Govern-
ment, and thus it gives to the Federal Government
the right to regulate, to control, and to prohibit-
within the limits of the States every branch of
business named in this section. I do not believe
that this Government has any such right. It has
no right to grant a license to carry on any busi-
ness named in this section, whether it be selling
liquor or selling goods, wares,and merchandise,or
to pursue any one of the vocations named in the
section, and therefore I cannot, under any circum-
stances, vote for it. If it be true that the powers
of the General Government are so extensive that
it may require a license by the citizen of a State
before he can pursue any one branch of business
named m this section, then what authority have
the State governments to regulate or to control
the business pursuits of the citizens of those States?
It seems to me this would be consolidation with
a vengeance, substituting in all the business opera-
tions of the different States the absolute, positive
control of the Federal Government. It is for this
reason that I shall not vote for any part of the
sixtieth section, unless it is amended so as to ob-
viate the objection.
Mr. POA1EROY. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
will obviate some of the objections that I had to
the bill, and which I named m the remarks that I
made before. The Senator from Connecticut, in
his reply to those remarks, said that this was not
a license; that we did not propose really to give
a license, but that it was a tax. The manner and
form piescribed in the bill look to me very much
like a license. If it was not intended as a license,
why prescribe the manner and form of taking it
out? In the fifty-seventh section, the bill provides
that, "every person, association of persons, or
corporation desiiing to obtain a license to engage
in any of the trades," &c. It does not confine it
to those already engaged, but applies to every-
body who proposes to go into any of the pursuits
of business named, and it requires them to do
certain things; and it requires that he
Mliall register with the assistant assessor of the assess-
ment district m wlneii he shall design to carry on such trade
i oi occupation—fust, his or their name or style; second, the
I trade or occupation for winch a license is desired; third,
the place \\hcie Midi tuule or occupation is to be earned
I on; fourth, it a reetifiei, the number of barrels he designs
1 to rcclity ; it a peddler, whether hedesiyns to travel on foot,
i or with'one. two, or more liorses; if an inn-keeper, the
I vearly lental of the house and properly 10 he occupied for
said pin pose ; oi, if not rented, the assistant assessor shall
! value the same. All of which facts shall be returned duly
I ceiiil'ied by such assistant assessor,both to the absessorand
I collector of the district; and thereupon, upon pajmeilt to
!i the collcctoioi depurv collector neaiest to him the amount
as licieinafter piovuled. such colleetoi oi deputy collector
shall make out and deliver a license foi sneh trade or oc-
cupation, which license shall continue in force for one yeat,
at the place or premises described theieni.
That looks to me very much like a li-cense,and
it is very much according to the manner and form
of licenses that aie given m the States. Now, I
ask the attention of the Senator from Connecticut
for a moment. He admits that the law of Con-
necticut on this subject is not strictly and duly
executed. Although that law prohibits the sale
of intoxicating liquors, it is still sold in Connec-
ticut. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] has given us still worse admissions in re-
gard to the sale of liquor in New Hampshire. If
