2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
that is so in New England, I want to ask those
Senators what they suppose will be the state of
things in the WAt, where a few friends of tem-
perance have been straggling not only to execute
the laws but to discountenance in everyway pos-
sible the retailing and drinking of ardent spirits.
What does this do for us? The Senator from1
Connecticut thinks it will operate to help the cause
of temperance in Connecticut. Perhaps it will.
I hope it will. But with us, where the laws on
this subject are not enforced to any great extent,
and in communities near us where they have no
law in regard to it, but where the only restraint
is public sentiment, where associations from New
England have gone, and by a healthy public sen-
timent have so discountenanced the traffic, thatthey
have drawn it out by the moral force of their ex-
ample, what is to be the result? Now we have
no law to protect us, and here comcs a man along
who applies to the assessor under this law saying,
" I propose to sell intoxicating liquors here, not-
withstanding the moral sentimentof this commu-
nity is against it; give me a license." The as-
sessor tolls him, " put down your name, and tell
me the place where you propose to sell, and pay
me twenty dollars." He goes through this form,
and the assessor delivers to him a written docu-
ment. The Senator says it is no license; but he
delivers a written document, and the liquor seller
pays twenty dollars for it, and upon that docu-
ment, in the face of the community, he sells with
impunity, there being no State laws to prevent
him.
Mr. CLARK. Could he not sell with impu-
nity before?
Mr. POMEROY. He could sell before, but the
moral sentiment of the community was such that
he did not choose to face it. Now he is backed
up by a permit from the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and the brass, which was not very
thick on him before, becomes thick enough now.
Mr. CLARK. Twenty dollars worth of brass.
Mr. POMEROY. Twenty dollars worth of
th is support from the Federal Government enables
him to face down and fiown down the moral sen-
timent of the community. I tell you men will
walk through our communities with this license
in their pockets, and this bill will send more deso-
lation into our communities in the West than
any law passed by this Congress.
1 think it is clearly open to another objection;
but I do not desire to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate. I will merely say that in my opinion, by
this mode of licensing, not only is there a sanc-
tion given to it, but in many States, where the law
is loose on the subject, this is a law for it. Where
we have no State laws or municipal regulations m
regard to the traffic, this is a law for it; and it
will operate so in all the communities of the West.
I iiope the provision will be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Harris, Pomerov, Wilmot, Wilson of
Ma^s-aehu^ptt", and Wright— 5-
NAYS—Anthony, iitownmg, Chandler, Clark
Cowan. Dixon, Dooiittle, Fo^onden. Fostoi, Grimes, Hale,
Hailan, Jlendctson, ilowuid, Howe,''Kennedy, King, Lane
of fndiana, Lane of Kaiwa-, Latham. McDougull, Moiuil,
Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten E\ck, Tntm-
huil, Wade, WilkniMni, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. 1 propose to amend section
sixty-thruc, on page 77, by inserting after the
word " thereof," in the sixth line, the words, "or
in violation of the laws of any State;" so that the
section shall read:
That no licensc. hereinbefore provided for, if granted,
shall he construed to authorize the commencement or con-
tinuation ot any trade, business, occupation, or employ-
~ merit therein mentioned, within any .State or Tomtoiyof
p®.United States in uhieh it ii ot -h.ifl he specially pto
lUoitea by the laws thereof, or 111 violation ot the laws of
any fetate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate now to
go into executive session for a few minutes.
Mr. CLARK. Let us take the vote on this
question.
It is very important that
we should have an executive session. I withduiw
my motion in order that this vote may be taken
but I give notise that f shall renew it It will
take but a few minutes to accomplish what I
want.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire what I think will effect
what he desires. Let the section be made to read
in this way, after the fourth line;
Within any State or Territory of the United States in
which itisor shall be specially limited, regulated,licensed,
or piolubited, in violation of the laws thereof.
Mr. CLARK. -It amounts to about the same
thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Might not the words," in
violation of the laws thereof," in the Senator's
amendment, be construed to refer to States where
the law was specially prohibitory? That was the
difficulty in my mind.
Mr. CLARK. I will modify the amendment
so far as to add " or Territory."
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention of
the Senator from New Hampshire, I wish to call
his attention to this point: whether the object that
is sought could not be reached better if the pro-
vision were, that the license should not be granted
in any such State? I throw it out for inquiry; I
am not sure aboutit. Accordingto the language
here, the license may be granted, but then itis said
that it shall not operate within any State or Terri-
tory of the United States in which the business is
or shall be specially prohibited by the laws thereof.
Now, the point to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator is,whether the provision would
not be more stringent, and his idea and also the
idea of my colleague, more completely carried out
if it was declared that the license should not be
granted? For instance, if that section should read
in this way—I have drawn up a few words to
carry out the idea:
That no license hereinbefore provided for, shall be granted
for any trade, business,occupation, or employment, within
any State or Tcmtoiy ol the United States, in which it is
oi shall be specially prohibited by the laws thereof.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that that does not reach a class of
cases wluch it is desirable to reach; and that is a
class of cases where the business is carried on
within a State under special licenses, according
to the laws of a State. If it was simply to reach
the case of those States where the traffic was
specially prohibited, it would do, because you
would not be obliged to grant your license; but
you want to grant licenses in those States where
there is a license taken out under the laws of the
State, and to get your tax from those. 1 under-
stand that by the laws of the State of New York
licenses are granted to the retailer. You make
him take out a license under this bill because you
want to tax: him; and it would not do to say it
should not be granted; because then they would
say they should not be taxed. I think to reach
both classes of cases, my amendment had better
stand as it is. It would reach only one class, if
put in the form the Senator from Massachusetts
suggests.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is another form. We
are seeing how this can best be stated; we have
a common object. Suppose it were put in this
foim:
That no license hereinbefore piovided for «hall be granted
for any ttade, business, occupation, or employment within
any State or Territory of the United States, except to such
persons as may be authorized by the laws thereof.
It seems to me that that would carry out the
idea which we oil have.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that then,in all the States where the liquor
trade js prohibited, and persons are still selling it,
they would go on and sell without paymga cent to
the national Treasury, because, of course, if we
do not issue a license we cannot prosecute them for
not taking; one.
Mr. SHERMAN. How would it operate in a
State where there is no law on the subject; where
it is neither prohibited nor allowed?
Mr. SUMNER. Then, I take it, they would
he authorized, where there is no law on the sub-
ject.
Mr. SHERMAN. In some States the liquor
tiaffic is left, like any other traffic, to be governed
by the public sense of the community, to the mu-
nicipal laws of cities and other corporations, and
the State laws do not affect the business at all.
Mr. CLARK. I think my amendment is light.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to propose
mine: I merely offered it as n contribution.
Mr. CLARK. 1 am obliged to the Senator. I
understand his object; but I think this answers
all purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator if he states on his own responsibility that
it is a matter of very pressing importance.
Mr CHANDLER. I do state that I consider
it so, and that it will not occupy three minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope you will not risk
an opinion as to the length of time to be occupied.
I never knew one in that way that was correct.
Mr. CHA,NDLER. I think the business is
very pressing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to it,but
I give notice that if I do not consider it so, I shall
move to come out again very quickly.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After twenty minutes spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened.
EXPENSES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senate to take up
the amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 187) to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands of the
United States. There is no objection to them, and
they can be disposed ofiria minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tax bill is
properly before the Senate, but if there be no ob-
jection it will be laid aside temporarily for the
purpose indicated by the Senator from Iowa.
[" Agreed."] The Secretary will read the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the amendments. It is pro-
posed in the third and fourth lines of the fourth
section to strike out the words " until otherwise
ordeied by the President," and to insert " upon
the recommendation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, approved by the Secretary
of the Interior, the President may order that;" so
that the section will read:
That from and after the Jit day of July next, and upon
the recommendation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Oftice, appioved by the Secretary of the Inteiior, the
President may older that the Territories of Utah and Col-
orado thall constitute one surveying dxstuct, &c.
It is also proposed to add the following-proviso
to section seven:
Provided, The provisions of this section shall not be
held to authorize preemption and settlements of mineral
lands, which are lieieby exempted from the provisions of
tiiis act.
The amendments were concurred in.
THE TAX BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 95, lines two hundred
and thirty-five and two hundred and thirty-six, is
this provision:
On oi! dressed leather and deer skins dressed or smoked,
two cents per pound.
There is in the State of New York a small
community residing in a single small county, ex-
cellent, patriotic, useful citizens, engaged in the
manufacture of leather mittens and gloves. It is
the only manufactory of the kind in the country
to any extent. There is very little of the thing
done anywhere else. It is in the northern part of
the county of Fulton, on the border of which is
Gioversville on the borders of a great wilderness,
known in that State as John Brown's tract. That
community have engaged in the manufacture of
this article, and they manufacture and sell about
a million of dollars worth a year. It furnishes
employment to the women and children of that
community. They purchase all the deer skins
they can find, and goat skins, and some sheep
skins, and some elk skins—animals captured in
that wilderness; they dress them, they manufac-
ture them into gloves and mittens. Here is a tax
imposed on the skins that they use of two cents
per pound. That constitutes the principal article
brought into the manufacture. Labor is added to
it, which is about fifteen or twenty per cent., and
then it comes into the maillot as gloves and mit-
tens. They find great competition with another
