THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
vile of taxes we could. Experience will doubtless
prove that we have made many mistakes; but it is
not ijafe to allow the legislation of the committee
to be determined by the opinion of one individual
interested, no matter how intelligent and worthy
ho may be. We have examined dozens of men
and hundreds of letters.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
.The next clause was read, as follows:
• -Ontrigare, valued at over five dollars and not over ten
dollars per thousand, fifteen cents per pound.
Mr. LOOMIS. If the Committee of Ways and
Means would so alter this duty as to make the
tax upon the thousand, instead of upon the pound,
it would be a very great convenience to the man-
ufacturers. They always sell their cigars by the
thousand, and they sell them sometimes when
they are very green, in which state they weigh
much more than when they are dry. It seems to
me the criterion of so much per pound is an inac-
curate as well as a very inconvenient one. I move
to strike out all these clauses relating to cigars,
and -insert in lieu thereof the words " on all cigars
fifteen per cent, ad valorem," so as to make the tax
more just.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The evil which
the gentleman desires to remedy can only be ex-
changed for another equal, if not greater one.
The ordinary, or what are called London sized
cigars, weigh ten to twelve pounds to the thou-
sand; the principe cigars are much larger; and
American manufacturers often make cigars which
weigh twenty pounds to the thousand.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquiie
of the gentleman whether, according to the tax
contained in the bill, cigars will not bear one tax
at one time and another tax at another time, ac-
cording to the time when they are sold?
Mr. MORHILL, of Vermont. That of course
depends upon the time of selling. If the manufac-
turer sells his cigais as soon as he makes them,
and when they are not ripe, of course they will
weigh much more than when they are dry. But
that is a matter entirely under the control of the
manufacturer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Connecticut, that one clause
in reference to cigars has been passed, and his
amendment could not apply to that except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOOMIS. Then I move my amendment
to the second paragiaph—Llie one now under con-
sideration.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraphs:
On gunpowder, callcd rifle or sporting powder, five cent*
per pound.
On gunpowder, common, and all other not piovided for,
one cent per pound.
And to insert m lieu thereof the following:
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances used foi
mining, artillery, or spotting: ptitpo^ov. when valued at
eighteen cent* per pound, or less-, five mills per pound;
when valued above eighteen cent-* per pound, and not ex-
ceeding thirty oont^, one cent pei pound; when valued
above thiity cents per pound, six cents per pound.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the gentleman will modify
thatamend men t j by striking out" eighteen cents,"
and inserting " twenty cents," which is the price
of gunpowder used for cannons and muskets.
Mr. HORTON. The gentleman is mistaken
as to price.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no; I know I am not.
Mr. HORTON. 1 can only say that i had my
information from a powder manufacturer who is
a contractor with the Government.
Mr. OLIN. Up to the time of the leccnt
threatened difficulty with Great Britain, all the
powder manufactured for the Government was
furnished at the rate of eighteen cents per pound.
After that there was a rise in the article of salt-
peter from nine cents to sixteen and twenty cents
per pound, and it is now about twelve cents pei
pound; and under all the contracts which the Gov-
ernment has made with manufacturers since that
time they have paid twenty cents per pound, al-
though prior to that time they did pay only eigh-
teen cents per pound. There can be no mistake
about this matter. The gentleman was perhaps
correctly informed, because his informant proba-
bly had a contract for the manufacture of powder
prior to this very great rise in the article of salt-
peter. 1 move to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out " eighteen cents" and inserting " twenty
cents."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation to
this article, we took the testimony of variousgen-
tlemen engaged in the business, and were very
desirous to fix this fate, instead of at eighteen
cents, at fifteen cents; and at twenty-five, instead
of thirty cents. It appeared that if there was to
be no rise in the price of saltpeter, they would be
perfectly willing that it should be so, but they an-
ticipated that there might be a rise, and that it
might be onerous to put it at a lower rate than
eighteen cents.
Mr. OLIN. When did the committee take the
testimony of these gentlemen in respect to the
value of powder?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation to
the uses of the Government, I regard this as a mat-
ter of very small importance. We do not now,
wi th all our can non and muskets, consume as much
powder this year as we do in ordinaly years. In
times of peace there is more powder used for blast-
ing purposes and in mining coal and iron than we
are using at the present time. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. OLIN. I move pro forma to amend the
amendment simply for the purpose of replying to
the gentleman from Vermont. The gentleman
says that we use less powder now than we do in
ordinary years. Certain it is that the Govern-
ment is using an immense quantity of gunpowder
now; and the direct effect of this amendment will
be to cliaige this tax upon the Government itself,
for the Government is using all the powder that
is now manufactured in this country.
Mr. HORTON. Then the Government loses
nothing by it.
Mr. OLIN. That is ridiculous. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Vermont is mistaken when
he asserts that the Committee of Ways and Means
have taken the testimony of anybody m reference
to the price at present paid by the Government
for powder. We may have taken testimony in |
reference to this subject early in the session; and
the testimony given then would have been literally
true if given as the gentleman has stated it. But
in view of the apprehended difficulty with Great :
Rritain, the price of saltpeter rose from nine cents
per pound to twenty cents per pound, and it sub-
sequently fell.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The principal
manufacturers of powder in this country have
already obtained a stock of saltpeter at a cost of
ten cents per pound, and it is now about eleven
cents and a half.
Mr. OLIN. I think it very likely that one of
the principal manufacturers of powder, either Du-
pont or Hazard, has probably saltpeter enough to
keep his works supplied for the next two years,
and perhaps both of them have; and if you now
tax everybody else on powder and saltpeter, you
will give those men an entire monopoly of the
manufacture of powder, and that seems to be the
object of the gentleman. The price of saltpeter
in the market now is not eleven cents per pound,
as the gentleman asserts. I have some knowledge
and infoimation on this subject, acquired at the
expense of much labor and inquiry, and I asseit
that the market price varies from twelve and a
half to thirteen cents per pound. While it was
at nine cents per pound the Government was pay-
ing eighteen cents per pound for gunpowder, and
now, while it has been up to thirteen cents per
pound, the Government has been paying twenty
cents per pound for powder. That is precisely
the piesent condition of the market. I am not at
ail surprised that Dupont and Hazard, who have
saltpeter enough on hand to keep their works in
opeiation to the fullest extent for two years,
should be willing that every pound of gunpowder
manufactured for the Government should be sub-
jected to this tax. They can afford to pay it, but
no other manufacturers can, because other man-
ufactuiers have to go into the market and pur-
chase their saltpeter at the present maiket rates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON. It is rather difficult to make
an argumentafier being called ridiculous, but still
wc can command facts. The reasoning of the gen-
tleman fiomNew York wouid bo very conclusive,
11 if he only started right. The mistake he has
11 made is in regard to the price of powder. We not
only had the largest powder manufacturers before
us, but we, had a committee representing nine
tenths of the powder manufacturing interest of the
United States, and we have fixed thenwmmumand
minimum precisely according to the recommenda-
tion of that committee. Mr. Dupont, a well known
powder manufacturer, was chairman of that com-
mittee, and you will find in the schedule here that
we have adopted his suggestions.
Mr. OLIN. Does the gentleman undertake to
assert to the House that I am mistaken as to the
price that the Government has been and is paying
for every pound of powder that has been manu-
factured under contracts made since the threat-
ened difficulty with England?
Mr. HORtON. I will answer the gentleman.
I asked a committee of manufacturers of powder,
representing three fourths of the powder manu-
facturing interest of the United States, what was
the market price of powder usually called blast-
ing or cannon powder at that time, which was
about the 18th day of March, and the answer was
that it \yas $3 50 per keg of twenty-five pounds,
which is fourteen cents per pound; and I will say
further that J have some little knowledge on the
subject myself, for I have bought powder m my
own business, and paid $3 50 per keg for it.
Mr. OLIN. It would have been very easy for
the gentleman, if he had had any disposition to do
so, to have answeied the question which I put to
him; but he has not done so. I did not ask him
the market price of powder or what he had paid
for powder. I simply asked whether he under-
took to deny what I asserted, that the Govern-
ment, since the apprehended difficulty with Eng-
land, has been paying to every manufacturer the
price of twenty cents per pound?
Mr. HORTON. I thought I had answered the
gentleman. 1 say the manufacturers told me they
were furnishing po\Vder to the Government, at this
time, at §3 50"per keg of twenty-live pounds.
Mr. OLIN. That may all be so. As I stated
before, if they had entered into a contract previous
to that time, they were undoubtedly fulfilling that
contract.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. Horton's amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out, m the ninety-first line, the words " dry or
ground in oil;" so that the paragraph will read,
"on white lead twenty-five cents per one hundred
pounds."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend, in the nine-
ty-third line, by striking out " fifty" and insert-
ing " twenty-live;" so that the paragraph will read,
"on oxydof zinc, twenty-five cents per one hun-
dred pounds."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out " fifty," m the ninety-fourth line, and insert-
ing " ten;" so that it will read, " on sulphate of
barytcs, ten cents per one hundred pounds. "
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend, by insert-
ing as a proviso to the last three paragraphs, the
following:
ProndeJ, 'J1 hat white lead, oxyd of' zinc, and sulphate of
barytos, or any one ot'them. *>hall not be subject to any ad-
ditional duty in consequence of being mixed or ground with
linseed oil. when Die duties on all the matctials s-o mixed
or ground shall have been pteviou.-ly actually paid.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend by
striking out the word " pounds," in the ninety-
third line. I do so for the purpose of asking to
have printed in the Globe some statistics in ref-
erence to an amendment already adopted by the
committee in relation to the tax on candles, in the
hope that gentlemen may lead them, and may,
when we come to vote upon the amendment in the
House, be ready to act nnderstandingly upon it.
Cincinnati, Ohio, ^Iarch 24, 180:3.
GusTj.EMrx: Wc, (he u inlet Munnd mauulaeiutcts of can-
dles m the city of Cincinnati, wi-li to re^prvttuily pic^ent
for your coiwdeiation certain facts in relation to out trade
in view of the proposed excise.
Owing to the mtioductiou of gas into mo^t of the towns
and cities of the countty, and to the late larae pioduction
of coal oil. a l<u<je number of candle lactones have been
compelled to cease opeianon-s entirely, and many of those
now miming are but pattially employed.
There is now far moie tnaeiunfty for the manufacture
of candies than can be piotitably employed, as lute been
evinced by the numoious failures. This ha- been the state
of the tiade throughout th^ country since the year 1857.
