1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
cotton, silk, or other material, five per cent, ail
valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph being under consid-
eration—
On screws,, commonly called wood-screws, two inches
or over m length, one cent per pound; less than two inches
in length, one cent and five mills per pound—
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out "one cent,"
where it first occurs, and insert in place thereof,
"one and a half cents;" and to strike out " one
cent and five mills," and insert, in place thereof,
" two cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask some
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
what is the impost duty upon that description of
screws under the tariff which is now in force ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The highest
duty is eight cents per pound, and the lowest is
five cents per pound.
Mr* WICKLIFFE. I think we ought to lay
a duty here to exactly correspond with those rates.
.£Phe following paragraph being under consider-
ation—
On railroad iron, §1 50 per ton"—
Mr. HORTON moved to strike out the para-
graph, and insert in place thereof the following:
On railroad iion and all othenron advanced heyond «labs,
blooms, or loops, and not advanced beyond bais or rods,
and band, hoop, and short iron, not thinner than No. 18
wire gau2«'? Piilt0 iluli J10t lcss l^ai1 ono eighth of an
inch in thickness, $1 50 per ton ; on band, hoop, and sheet
iron, thinner than No. 18 wire gauge, plate iron less than
one eighth of an inch in thickness, and cut nails and spikes,
§2 pei ton : Prot itled, That baid, rods', band-#, hoop-*, sheers,
plan**, nrnN? and spikes, manufactured from iron upon
winch the duty of $1 50 has been levied and paid, shall be
subject on))' lo adnry of 50 cents per ton in addition thereto,
anything in this act to tlx; eontiary notwithstanding. On
stoves and hollow ware, $1 50 per ton of two thousand 1
pounds. Steel in ingots, bars, sheets, or wire, not less than
one fouith of an inch in thickness, valued at seven cent1?
per pound or less, $4 per ton; valued at above seven cents
per pound, and not above eleven cents per pound, $8 per
ton; valued above eleven cents per pound, §10 per ton.
Mr. OLIN. Before the question is put upon
that amendment, 1 should like to hear the gentle-
man conducting the proceedings upon this bill on
behalf of the Committee of Ways and Means ex-
plain the leasons for the very radical proposition
now before us. It is doubtless all right, or may
be so, if the House understand it; but the objec-
tion—and it is a serious objection to my mind—
to such an amendment is that it takes the House
by surprise and the whole country by surprise.
Nobody 1ms had an opportunity to consult or ad-
vise or to present whatever objections there may
be in reference to a proposition of that descrip-
tion.
What was done originally was to print this bill
and present it not only to the House for our consid-
eration, but lo the whole country, that every per-
son interested in any particularbtanch of industry
likely to be affected by it should have the oppor-
tunity of presenting to the House or to the Com-
mitteee of Ways and Means such considerations
as their practical acquaintance with the particular
matter concerned might suggest, for the informa-
tion of the committee and for our information.
But now wc find a very important and radical
amendment presented as a substitute for this par-
agraph, and the gentleman who proposes it does
not take the necessary pains to inform the House
why it is proposed, what are its objects, or what
will be its results. I repeat that the amendment
is a radical and important one. It may be all light,
and it is, so far as I know. My profession and
avocation would not naturally give me much in-
formation upon the subject; but I say it is due to
the House that when an amendment of that de-
scription is proposed, without any notice to any
one so far as I know that it was to bo proposed,
that the gentleman responsible for it should ex-
plain the reasons and motives wluch dictated its |
presentation. i
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe debate !
has been exhausted upon this amendment which ;
I had^expected the gentleman from Ohio would ;
explain, but I suppose I may be indulged in afew <
woids of explanation.
No objection was made. I
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This amend-
ment it will be seen includes something more than
merely railroad iron. It was important in con-
sidering this article that there should be some defi-
nite provision in relation to iron, embracing all its
various grades and descriptions.
The classification which has been adopted by
the Committee of Ways and Means is a similar
one to that adopted in the tariff as it now exists.
It was deemed better that we should take all those
articles of iron that sell at a price near that of bar
iron, and that all articles of thatdesciiption should
be taxed once and no more.
It was also deemed best to tax steel in the same
way, and we have embiaced in this description
all of the articles so as to include everything that
will not cost more than about fifty dollars per ton at
$1 50 a ton. Upon another class of articles costing
more than that price, we have added fifty cents to
the tax, and where the article rises in the cost of
manufacture above a certain limit, we tax it three
percent., the same as all other manufactures. It
will be observed that in the very great number of
different articles of manufacture from iron, and in
the great variety of quality and cost of manufac-
ture, it was necessary to have some classification
such as we have adopted, so that the manufacturer
should know precisely what he will be called on
to pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to add the following
Provided, That no tav shall be collected on any coal or
other fuel used in the manufacture of any article included
in this paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, I will say a word in explana-
tion of that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I raise the point
of order that the amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. If it were germane to this para-
graph it would have been germane to the para
graph on gas companies and other paragraphs.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
On bank note paper, five cents per pound; on writing,
letter, note, plate, map, caid, and account-book papei, two
cents pet pound; on printing papei, unsized, three mills
per pound ; on printing paper sized, and coloied, and un-
eoloted calendered paper, five nulls per pound ; on hanging
paper, five mills per pound; on p,i>tcboaul and binders'
board, made ot'junk, kUiiw, or any other materials, wiap-
pmg-paper, made of maiulla hemp, oi other similar hemp*,
oi made in imitation theieof, and all other descuptions of
paper, three mills p<n pound.
And in lieu theieof to insert the following:
On paper of all descriptions, Including pasteboard and
biudcid' board, thioe pei cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX. Arc playing cards included in that?
Mr. HORTON. They are taxed specifically
in another part of the hill.
Mr. BLA KE. I move to amend the substitute
bynddingthe words, " except printing paper val-
ued at eleven cents per pound and under. My
object is to except from this tax the paper upon
which newspapers and school-books are printed.
It ought not to be taxed. We may as well tax the
light of heaven as newspapers and school-books.
I hope the amendment to the amendment will
prevail.
Mr. HORTON. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the committee long. The Committee of
Ways and Means have carefully considered this
matter, and they have been unable to see any rea-
son why newspaper proprietor should not con-
tribute their share to support the Government as
well as ail others. 1 hope the amendment of my
colleague will not prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On soap, castile, palm-oil, erasive, and soap of all othei
descuptiuns, white or coloied, cxcept solt, and soap other-
wise provided lor, five mills per pound.
Mr. HORTON moved to insert the word
" soap" after the word " soft," and to strike out
the words " five mills per pound," and to insert
in lieu thereof " valued not above three and one
half cents per pound, one mill per pound; valued
above three and one half cents per pound, five
mills per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On soap, lanev. scented, honey, cieani, and nil descrip-
tion-. of toilet and shaving ooap, thiee cents per pound.
Mr. HORTON moved toamend by inserting the
word transparent" before the word ''cream,"
and strike out " three," and in lieu thereof insert
"two."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On salt, four cents per one hundred pounds.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the Committee of
Ways and Means whether we cannot get along
without taxing salt? It is an article of general con-
sumption which I think ought rather to be favored
than taxed. We not only consume all that is
made in the United States, but we import large
quantities of it. We cannot do without it. Why
cannot we increase the duty upon some of the lux-
uries of life, so as to got rid of this tax of four
centsupon a hundred pounds of salt? Salt has
risen to so great a price in the West that the farm-
ers of the West—and I suppose it is so elsewhere—
have been compelled to abstain to a great extent
from giving it to the stock laised by them. We
cannot live without salt. We may lessen the use
of tea, coffee, sugar, and other things, but we
must have salt. I move to strike it out.
Mr. HORTON. The consumption of salt in
the United States isabout thirty millions of bush-
els a year, and every man, woman and child uses,
on the average, about one bushel of salt. This
tax would be about two cents a head.
I will say, in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that the high price which I know our
friends along the Ohio river had to pay for salt
last fall and winter, was not caused by anything
which may be considered permanent. I believe
I may say that salt is now as cheap upon tho Ohio
river as any reasonable man can want it to be,
notwithstanding it cannot come up the Mississippi
river.
The committee had to do in this case as they
were obliged to do in many others. We have had
numerous applications to put a tax upon salt as
high as fifty cents; and the same argument was
used as that which was used yesterday by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Law,] m reference
to the duty of fifty cents a ton upon pig metal,
because it paid that duty in 1812-13. Salt has been
cheaper in the United States the last few years
than it ever has been befoie. It is a permanent
interest. It is largely produced in New York,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio; and I think that it is
right and proper to tax that interest. I hope,as
a matter of policy and justice, that it will not be
stricken out. To putmyself rightupon the record,
I will say that I am a salt manufacturer myself.
It would be to my interest to have this tax stricken
out. But I take the ground that it ought to be
taxed like every other article of manufacture.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. I move to make it three
cents, for the purpose of saying that I suppose
there are as many salt wells in my district as there
arc in the district of any gentlemen upon this
floor. Those who manufacture salt there have no
disposition to shirk any tax; but when the tax is
levied, they want the duty upon foreign salt in-
creased to the extent of that tax. My impression
is, that such a proposition ought to be attached
to this bill, instead of letting it go over to another
bill. I think that I will move such a proposition
to this bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I know that the salt man-
ufacturers would have no objection to this tax,
because if the tax were twenty-five or fifty cents
they know that we would have to buy it. It is
not on their account that I make my motion, but
on account of the great mass of the people. These
salt manufacturers have a monopoly of this arti-
cle. Human ingenuity and nature itself has pro-
vided no substitute for it. I know, without there
being any reason for it, that salt sent to my State
by the Ohio river and the Alleghany has been in-
creased one hundred per cent. This tax will give
them a chance to increase it another one hundred
per cent. I hope that my motion will prevail.
Mr. McKNIGHT withdrew his amendment.
Mr. Wickliffe's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reduce it to two cents.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, moved to reduce it to
one cent.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk iead,,as follows:
On blacking and pa<te. usually called shoe or boot black-
ing. of all descnptioiih, five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out " five,"
and insert " three."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out the
words " on glueand cement, prepared or in sheets,
