1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3363
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That bill has
jever passed the House.
Mr.^ WALTON". It has been reported fr om the
committee.
Mr. RObCOE CONKLING. I ask the chair-
man oftheCommittee of Way sand Means whether
it has been reported from his committee.
Mr. WALTON". I understand that the bill was
reported from the Committeeof VVaysand Means.
The SPEAKER. The bill was introduced by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
and referred to the Committee of Way sand Means.
A motion to print extra copies was referred under
the rules to the Committee on Printing".
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMBERS IN THE MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom the subject was
referred by order of the House, to report a joint
resolution further to provide for the compensation
of members of Congress. It simply authorizes the
Sergeant-at-Arms to receive as a further excuse for
the absence of members of Congress that they were
actively engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion'Svas agreed to.
CONTINGENT FUND OF METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House to introduce a joint resolution re-
quiring the superintendent of the metropolitan
police to pay over certain moneys collected for
fines and penalties, to constitute a contingent fund
for certain purposes. This joint resolution is ne-
cessary in order that the fines and penalties which
are collected may be put at the disposition of the
metropolitan police.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution to correct a clerical error made in the
enrollment of the tax bill. In the seventy-seventh
section the word 44 May" is printed for the word
"August." The joint resolution provides for
striking out the word " May" and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "August," so that it will read:
Sec. t7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the Ist day of August. 1862, there shall he levied, collected,
and paid, by any person or persons owning, possessing, or
keeping any carriage, yaehi, and billknd table, the several
duties or sums of money sot down in figures against the
same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in
schedule marked A.
The joint resolution was received, read a first
and second time, ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE OE MEMBERS.
Mr. BLAKE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, in relation to the mileage of j
members of Congress. The pending question is
on the amendment of the Delegate from New Mex-
ico, [Mr. Watts,] which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Providedfurther, That such Members of this House and i
Delegates of Teiritories, as were not elected in time to be I
present until after the extra session, and have not drawn
but one mileage, shall not be included within said section
during the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
On a division, there were—ayes sixty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. WATTS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps of
California, and Fessenden, were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 6, noes 60; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. WATTS. Iwillwithd raw the amendment
if there_ be any serious objection to it. If the
House is to make the same application to the Del-
egates of Territories and those Members of Con-
gress, when the majority of the Members have
received two mileages, whereas the former have
only received one,"then let it be so. I think that
my services in this House are worth as Utile as
those of any other member. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. RIDDLE. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I object to the
gentleman withdrawing his amendment.
Mr. PHELJPS, of Missouri. I demand the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akhich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Raily,
Seaman, William G. Brown, Davis, Dunn, Eliot, Ilan-
cheit, Hooper, Julian, Low, Moot head, P.uton, James S.
Rollms, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shei man, Sloan, Ttam, Tiow-
biidgo, Wall. Wallace, Webber, and Worcester—27.
NAYS—Mes«r*. William Allen, Ashley, Babbitt, Biddle,
Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, Buffintou, Clements, Col-
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, Koscne Conkhng, Covode,
Cox, Cutler, Dawes, Duel!, Dunlap. Edwards-, Fenton,
Gooch,Goodwin, Granger, Gnder, Haight, Hale, flolman,
Hutchins, Francis W. Kellogsr, William Kellogg, Killinger,
Law, Laze.tr, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, MclCnight. Me-
Phersoti, May, Mitchell, Justin S Motiill, Nixon, Odell,
Olin, Pendleton, Pottet, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Riddle, Edwatd 11. Rollins, Segar, ShfJlnbatgcr, Hhiel,
Smith, Bpaaldtng, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Snatton, Beniatmn F. Thomas, Tiimble,
Van Horn, Vetiee, Walton, Wickhfie, Wilson, and Win-
doiu—08.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. MAYNARD hoped that he would be
excused from voting, as he was personally inter-
ested in the matter.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, beggeS leave to
be excused for the same reason. ^
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Thomas, of Massachusetts, to the substitute
of Mr. Aldrich, to add the following:
And this provision shall apply to the present Congress,
and the mileage aheady iccetved for the same.
Mr. TRAIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldi ieh, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Arnold, Baxter,Jacob B. Blan,Sainuel S. Blair,
Blake, George H. Browne, William G. Biown, Clement?,
Cobb, Roscoe Conkling, Cox, Dawes, Diu-11, Ely, Fotilce,
Gooch, Granger, Gurley, Hall, llohnan. Hooper, Killinger,
Knapp, Law, Lehman,Loomis.Low.May,Maynaid, Men-
zies, Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Odell. Pendleton, John S.
Phelps, Timothy G Phelps, Pike, Pottei, Alexander H
Rice, John II. Rice, Sargent, Shanks, Sbeilabuiget, Sher-
man, Shiel, Spauldmg, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stilc , Benjamin F. Thomas, Ti.un, Van lloin,
Wall. Washburne. Wickhflfe, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood,
and Worcester—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily, Bea-
man, Buffinton, Casey, Colfax, Fiedorick A. Conkling,
Covode, CnsfieSd, Cutler, Daulap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot.
Fenton, Fisher, Goodwin, Grider, [Iaigbt, Hale, flauehett,
Hutchins, Julian, William Kellogg, Lovejoy, McKmght,
McPherson, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Patton.
Porter, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Segar, Sloanj
Smith, Siratton, Trimble, Trovvhtidge, Veuee, Wallace,
Walton, Webster, and Albeit S. White—48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then lecurred on the substitute
of Mr. Thomas of Massachusetts, as amended;
which was read, as follows:
That all laws and parts oflaws giving mileage to members
of Congress be, and the same are hereby repealed ; and this
provision shall apply to the presentCongiess,and the mile-
age already received for the same.
On a division, there were—ayes 44, noes 40.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, William Allen, William J.
Alien, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Baily, Baxter, Beaman, Ja-
cob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George H. Riowne,
Cobb, Roscoe Conkling, Covode, Cox, Cravens, Davis,
Dawes, Duel], Ely, Fessenden, Fouke, Gooch,- Granger,
Gmley, H, light, Hanchett, Ho! man, Hooper, Juhan;Franeis
r ' Kellogg, Killinger, Knapp, Law, Lehman, I ov*-joy,
Low, May, M.iynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin'S. Mor-
rill, Odell, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps,
Potter, Alexander H. Rice, James S. itollins, -Sargent,
f^n"ks>®herman>sl ^ ««nith,Spauldinff,John B Steele,
William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Benjamin F, Thomas,
Train, Van Horn, Wall, Wa<hburne, Wickliffe. Wilsnn,
Wmdom, Wood, and Woicenter—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Buffltuon, Casey, Clements,
Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Ci-Kfield, Cutler, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Goodwin, Grider, Hale,
Kinchins, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Loomis, McKuMn,
McPherson, Menziee, An*on P. Morrill, Nixon, 1'attoJi.
Pik*, Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins
Segar, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stratum, Francis Thomas,
Trimble, Tiowlmdge, Veiree,Walton, Webster, and Albert
S. White—42.
So the substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Pi ivate Secretary, notifying the
House thaton the 14th of July, instant, he had ap-
proved and signed bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 423) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 553) to establish additional
post routes;
An act (H. R. No. 550) to further provide for
the collection of revenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontier, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 525) in relation to the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress by single dis-
tricts;
An act (H. R. No. 84) for the relief of the pre-
emptors on the home reservation of the Winneba-
goes, m the Blue-earth region, in the State of Min-
nesota;
An act (H. R. No. 437) to extend the territo-
rial limits of the Territory of Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions;
An act(H. R. No. 531) increasing temporarily
the duties on imports, ana for other purposes; and
Joint resolution {H. R. No. 39) to declare the
meaning of an act to authorize the President of
the United States in certain cases to take posses-
sion of railroad and telegraph lines, and for other
purposes, approved January 31, 1862, and to re-
peal a part of said act.
EMPLOYMENT OF CONVICTS.
Mr. TRAIN. I move that the House insist on
its amendments to Senate resolution No. 86, regu-
lating the employment of convicts in the peniten-
tiary of the District for their improvement and
benefit, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Traik,
Gurley, and Dcjell were appointed managers of
said conference on the part of the House.
MILEAGE AGAIN.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. BAILY moved to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mrv MAYNARD. Would a motion to post-
pone until the second Monday of December be in
order?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
a motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will withdraw his demand
for the yeas and nays upon this motion, but take
the yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
It will save one call of the roll.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. BAILY. I withdraw my motion to lay
on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rend the third time,
Mr. EDWARDS, 1 move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Casey, Cleraenia,
Ciisfield, Dunlap, Edwards,Grider,Hall, William KeUogg,
