1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
liquid or solid, of all descriptions, five per cent.
ad valorem,n and in lieu thereof to insert:
On glue and gelatine of all desctiptions in a solid state,
five cents per pound ; on clue and cement made wholly or
in part of gl ue to be sold m tlie liquid state, twenty-fi ve cents
per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to
The Clerk read the following:
On patent or enameled harness leather, two cents per
pound; on patent or enameled leathei, made fiom what are
usually railed cow hides, one cent per pound; on sole
leather, of all descriptions, one cent per pound; on moroeeo.
goat or kid skins, eunied, manufactured, or finished, sev-
enty-five cents per dozen ; on sheep -skin*., tunned, cm nod,
ot finished, twenty-five cent* per dozen ; on bend and har-
ness leather, one cent and five mil's per pound; ou tanned
and curried calfskins, two cents per pound; on upper
leather, and all other descriptions of leather not piovuled
for, one cent and five mills per pound.
Mr. HORTON. I move to strike out what has
been read, and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
On patent or enameled leather, five mill" pn equate foot;
on patent japanned splits used fot dasher leathei, tour mills
pei square toot; on patent oi enameled s>kntin« leather,
one and one halt cent per square foot; on all ?>ole and tough
or harness leather made fiom hides imported ea>t ot the
Cape of Good Hope, and ail damaged leather, live miih per
pound ; on all other sole oi rouuh leather, hemlock tanned,
eight mill" pel pound; on all sole or rough leather tanned
m whole or m pait with oak, one cent per pound ; on all
finished or curried upper leather, except calf skins-, made
fiotn leather tanned in the interest of the parties finishing
or eui rytng such leather, not previously taxed in the rough,
one cent per pound; on hend, butt, and harness leather, one
and one half cunt per pound ; on offal leather, five mill.-* per
pound ; on tawed or oil dressed leather, two and one half
cents per pound ; on tanned calf skins, ^ix cents each ; on
Moroeeo, goat, kid, or sheep skms>. cutned. manufactured,
or finished, five per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That the
price at which such skins are usually sold shall determine
their value ; on buckskins, tanned or dressed, two dollais
per dozen ; on doeskins, tanned oi dieted, one dollar pur
dozen-, on deer skins, dieted and smoked, six cents per
pound; on horse and hog skms, tanned and diessed, four
per cent, ad valorem; on Ametican patent calf skins, five
per cent, ad valorem j ou patent or enameled cloth, three
per cent, ad valoiem.
Mr.HORTON. I movethatthecommitteerise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
taken the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee ofthc Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the biil of the House (No. 312) to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. HORTON moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. HUTCHINS. X demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved that when it adjourns it
will adjourn to meet again on Monday next.
And then (at four o'clock and forty minutes,
p. m.) the House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 31, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary. The Senate will please come
to order. The Secretary begs to state that he has
received the following note from the Vice Presi-
dent:
Washington, March 29, 186Q.
Sir : Finding it necessary to be absent from tiie Senate
on .Monday next, I have to reque&t that yon will announce
the fact at twelve o'clock, the hour of meeting, with a view
to the appointment of a Pt end cut pro tempore.
II. HAMLIN,
Jrite P)esidcnt of the United States,
Hon. J. XV Forney, Secretary of the Senate
The Senate will now choose a President pro
tempore.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Secretary, I move that
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] be selected
to act as President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to nem. con.; and Mr.
Foot took the chair as President pro tempore.
Tiie Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
George Koonce and others, late citizens and work-
men at Harper's Ferry armory, setting forth the
calamities which themselves and families have suf-
fered in person and propeity, and suggesting the
propriety and expediency of renovating and restor-
ing that national establishment; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Polk county, Winconsin, and a petition of citi-
zens of Milwaukee county, Wisconsin, praying
for the passage of a general bankrupt law, recog-
nizing the exemption laws of the States; winch
weie referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the upper peninsula of Michigan, pray-
ing for the discontinuance of certain steam mail
routes in that State during the interruption of nav-
igation by ice, and the establishment of land routes
during such interruption; which was referred to
the Committee on tiie Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of White Lake haibor, in that State, and
the erection of a light-house at that point; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING presented the petition of James
Sperryand twenty-four others, citizens of Roches-
ter, New York, praying for the total abolition of
slavery throughout the country; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Hig-
gins and twenty-four others, citizens of Roches-
ter, New York, praying for immediate emancipa-
tion under the war power; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of George W.
Rose, praying for the passage of an act declaring
that the States in armed rebellion against the Gov-
ernment shall be governed by territorial officers,
and for the abolition of slavery; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maine, m favor of
the United States cooperating with any State
which may adopt gradual abolishment of slavery,
giving to such State pecumaiy aid, to be used to
compensate for the inconveniences, public and
private, produced by such system; and in favor
of the speedy emancipation of all slaves in the
District of Columbia, giving reasonable and just
compensation for the losses of loyal citizens re-
sulting from such emancipation; which were or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 50) presenting thanks of Congress
to Captain John Ericsson, for the enterprise,skill,
energy, and forecast displayed by him in the con-
struction of his iron-clad boat, the Monitor, was
lead twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
THE ENGAGEMENT WITH TIIE MERRIMAC.
Mr. NESMITFI submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secrotaiv of War i*? herein* directed
to furnish the Senate a copy ol the report of ]Ji jgadier Gen-
eral Joseph lv. F. Man?fiei<i, relative to the engagement
with the lebel steamer Mommac, on the Sth of Match, 18G2.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Allans and the Militia, to
whom was referred the report of the Secretai y of
War relative to vessels purchased or chartered for
the use of the War Department since the 1st day
of April last, submitted a motion that the report
be printed; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message, from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 120) in addi-
tion to " An act to refund and remit the duties
on arms imported by States," approved July 10,
Irffil.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
253) to create a bureau of transportation; which
was rend twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 25,4) to
provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Arizona; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
255) to quiet titles to certain lands in Kansas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. ;
REGENT OF SMITUSONIA& INSTITUTION.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the Li-
brary, to whom was referred a House resolution
for the appointment of Dr. Woolsey, president of
Yale College, as regent of the Smithsonian Institu-^
tion,have directed me to report it back and unan-
imously recommend its passage. This is a joint
resolution which has been passed by the House,
and we recommend the concurrence of the Senate
in the resolution. I desire to have it put on its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 49) for the appointment of Theodore D.
Woolsey, of Connecticut, a regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution,in the place cTfCorneliusC.Pel-
ton, deceased, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs that the vacancy in the board
of regents in the Smithsonian Institution, of the
class other than members of Congress, caused by
the decease of Cornelius C. Fclton, be filled by
the appointment of Theodore D. Woolsey, of
Connecticut.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there be no other busi-
ness before the Senate, I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 243. It is a bill that
will occupy no time at all.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
243) changing the name of the American-built
schooner Curtis Mann to that of Supply, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Itauthonzes the collector of the cus-
toms of the port of Detroit, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to issue a new
register, or enrollment, to the American-built
schooner Curtis Mann, owned by H. N. Strong,
m the name of the Supply.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUGET SOUND COLLECTION DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, the bill (S. No.
241) to change the location of the port of entry
for the Puget Sound collection district was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill proposes, from and after the
1st day of May, 1862, to abolish the port of Port
Townsond,in the districtofPugetSound,Wash-
ington Territory, as a port of entry; and to estab-
lish Port Angelos as the port of entry and deliv-
ery for that district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE INSPECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 243, providing for the appoint-
ment of light-house mspectois.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill. The Committee on Commerce
reported an amendment to the bill to strike out all
: of it after the enacting clause and insert the fol-
! lowing in lieu thereof:
| That so much of the act entitled "an act making appro-
| pi iations lor light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &e.,and pro-
i % iding for the erection and establishment of the same, and
! for other puiposes," approved Augu-a 31, 185*2, be, and
! hereby is, so far modified as to authouze the President to
direct the detail of officers of the revenue cutter >ervice t-
' sei ve as light-house inspectors m anvof the light-hoine dw-
• tncts created by the $aid act: Provided, That officers of the
revenue cutter service so detailed shall not be entitled to
any increase of compensation for such service.
Mr. GRIMES moved to amend the amendment
of the committee by adding as an additional sec-
tion :
•Ami he it further enacted, That all acts and part5- of acts
authorizing or requiting the detail of officers of the Army
or Na\ \ toi seivice as iu-*pectot s, or for the performance of
other dut> in connection with the light-bouses of the Uni-
ted States., be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
