1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
suggests that the tax of ten dollars proposed by
me is too high. In proposing this sum for the
tax I followed the Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the clause relative to
importations?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; I followed the language
of the clause which declares the tax on the impor-
tation of slaves. I thought the precedent a good
one. It seems to ine that at this moment, when
we are imposing a similar tax on slaves at home—
on domestic slaves, instead of slaves from abroad
—we could not err if we followed that early pre-
cedent, especially when we find ourselves sur-
rounded by circumstances which lead us to a
policy of discouragement.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to make an-
other suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. When they imported slaves
they imported those that had value. They would
not biing offand import those that were not val-
uable. The tax now proposed covers all—aged,
infirm, infants. It seems to me that on that ac-
count the cases are not entirely parallel.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps so. I shall not stand
on the parallel. I accept the suggestion of the
Senator absolutely; and therefore, as the amend-
ment is now entirely within my own power, I ask
leave to substitute the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island, being what is now numbered
section sixty-six of his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have modified my piinted
amendment by putting in " the service or labor
of" after the words " on account of" in the third
line. I think I will suggest another modification.
When I drew up this clause originally, I had a
proviso in that it should not apply to service or
labor due to parents or guardians; but the Sen-
ator from Maine thought it unnecessary. Other
legal minds feared that it might be construed to
embrace service due to parents by children. I
think, perhaps, it would be as well to add that
proviso.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator kindly give
me the words!
Mr. SIMMONS. At the end of the section,
add:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall not
apply to service due to parents or guardians.
I do not think the section would cover that now;
but perhaps it may be as well to exclude the idea
of taxing children. They are the last thing I
should want to lay a tax on, I have so many
myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is as well to
exclude the conclusion.
Mr. COLLAMER. The words " or guardians'1
are unnecessary: there is no service due to guard-
ians by law.
Mr. £?UMNNR. I think so, too; I will not
put in the word "guardians."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts will be read
as he has now modified it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an annual tax of
five dollais shall be paid by every person or persons, cor-
poiauon, or society, for ami on account of the service or
labor ot every other poison between the ages of ten and
sixty-five years, who^e service or labor, for atcim of years
or for life, is claimed to be owned by such first-mentioned
person or persons, coiporation, or society, whether in a
fiduciary capacity, or otherwise, under and by virtue of the
laws or customs of any State; and said annual tav shall be
levied and collected of the poison or persons, corporation,
01 fcocietv, making «uohclaim. and of {heirgood-;, chattels,
01 lands,"a-^ h Innembetbie p>ovuled; but in no case shall
the peisuii or peii-oiw whose service 01 labor is so claimed,
or their M'i viet- <n laboi, be sold tor the purpose of collect-
ing said tar: ProiulcJ, That thi> lav shall not uppl) to
service due to patents.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark in
reply to the Senator from Olno. He objects to
my proposition as being in the nature of a direct
tax or a poll tax. How is this? Has not the Sen-
ator voted to tax auctioneers, lawyers, jugglers,
and slaughterers of cattle, all of them classes of
persons in the community?
Mr. SHERMAN. To tax their employments.
Mr. SUMNER. And we propose to tax the
employment of the slave-master, that is all. It is
the business of the slave-master to make the slave
work. This is his high vocation. In other words,
his business is all embodied in the claim to the
service and labor of another. And to this class of
persons he belongs. He is an auctioneer of hu-
man rights; a broker of human labor; a juggler
of human sufferings and human sympathies; I
might say a slaughterer of human hopes; and, sir,
if the Senator from Ohio can tax an auctioneer, or
a broker, or a juggler, or a slaughterer of cattle,
I am at a loss to understand why he cannot lax
the special form of these vocations which all con-
cur in the slave-master. He can tax the less, but
he hesitates to tax the greater. He can tax the
petty employment, which is not immoral or cruel;
but he will not tax the larger multiform employ-
ment, which is immoral and cruel.
But the Senator says it is a capitation tax or a
poll tax. Not, sir, in the sense of the Constitu-
tion. It is simply a tax on a claim of property,
or, to borrow the language of the Senator a mo-
ment ago, " on an employment." It is nothing
but that. The Senator thinks that it is not proper
to tax slave-masters; that the tax ought to be paid
upon cotton, and he seemed to chide me because
yesterday I was against the cotton tax. He thinks
that this is where the tax should be applied. Sir,
I am at a loss to find the parallel between the two
cases. They arc unlike in every respect, norcan
one be the substitute for the other. Slaves and
cotton belong to the same section of country pre-
cisely as alligators and cotton; and that is all the
parallel between them. Cotton is an agricultural
product, cnteringinto the commerce and manufac-
tures of the country, while the manufactures made
from it are important to al^asses, but especially
the poor. The question c^its taxation involves
considerations of* political economy and policy,
entirely unlike those which aiise when it is pro-
posed to tax the claim of the slave-master. It is
difficult to see how the two taxes can be con-
founded. One is a tax on an agricultural product;
the other is a tax on an odious claim. The Sen-
ator will not say that it is an acceptable claim
under the Constitution. Indeed, he knows well
that it is offensive and repugnant to the conscience
of a large portion of the good people of this coun-
try. Shall not such a claim be taxed ? Shall such
a claim be allowed to go scot free ? Shall we run
about the country seeking class after class that
we are to visit with taxation, and under the lead
of the Senator excuse this largest and most offens-
ive class of ail? I am at a loss to understand on
what ground of principle the Senator can proceed
when he proposes this special immunity. Sn,I
use plain language; because I believe that in this
way I can be best undeistood.
I believe 1 have answered the two objections to
this just tax made by the Senator from Ohio. If
he made any other, it has escaped my recollec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President. I will not
reply to that part of the speech of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, in which he de-
nounced slaveholders. My opinions on this sub-
ject are well known. I think that slaveholders
have certain rights under the Constitution of the
United Stales; and while I never could be one
myself, and have as deep a repugnance to any law
which authorizes the holding of slaves as any
other man, yet while I am here under oath, I will
respect their constitutional rights to the fullest
extent. We are bound to legislate for them, and
they are entitled to the protection of the Consti-
tution of the United States as fully as if they were
here, all of them, to speak for themselves; and
especially I do not think it proper or courteous
to use such language applied to a whole class of
people, when Senators on this floor are with us,
associating with us, who arc included by the ap-
pellation " slaveholder,"so obnoxious to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. Certainly, I cannot
characterize so harshly nny one who is a mem-
ber of tiie same body with myself.
But, sir, that is neither heie nor there. The
Senate desires to levy a tax. The purpose of this
bill is to get revenue, not to punish sins either of
intemperance or slavery. It is to get money to
support the Government. How do you propose
to do it? Here a proposition is made to levy a
tax; on slaves. Language by which you seek to
conceal your meaning, and yet accomplish your
purpose, will be swept away; the proposition is
to tax slaves. Are these slaves persons, or are
they property ? If they are persons, you cannot
tax'them in this mode, The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts admits that* If you tax them as per-
sons, you violate the Constitution of the United
States, which declares the mode and manner in
which you shall levy a tax on persons. You may-
tax employments, trades, occupations, and prop-
erty; but when you levy a poll tax, or a airect
tax, the< Constitution prescribes the mode and
manner in which that tax shall be apportioned.
Are these slaves persons? The Senator says
they are. Then 1 say if they are persons, they
cannot be taxed in the mode proposed at least by
his original proposition, nor would it be expe-
dient to tax them. If they are property, they can
be taxed as property, and in that way only. This
is an effort to tax them by evading the principle
and the spirit of the Constitution. Soitlooksto
me. I cannot regard it in any other way. I have
heard the Senator many times this session state,
and I have once stated the proposition here my-
self, that under the Constitution of the United
States slaves are persons. As such they are rep-
resented in Congress. As such, they are uni-
formly mentioned in the Constitution. That is
the ground on which we stand. They are men-
tioned in the fugitive slave clause, they are men~
tioned three times in the Constitution, and every-
where as persons. So the Senator contends, and
so do I. And yet now he proposes, for the pur-
pose of getting a little money or to stamp oppro-
brium upon a c]ass*of citizcns, to disregard this
doctrine, upon which we have all stood, thatslaves
are persons with certain inherent rights. In order
to get money from their masters, he proposes to
treat them as property owned, held, possessed. I
say the principle is worth more than the money.
The same principle which induced the framersof
the Constitution to be careful in choosing their
language is now about to be sacrificed with the
hope of getting a little money in the way of tax-
ation, or rather to gratify a feeling of resentment
against a class of persons who are not here. That
will be the effect of it. I do not charge the Sen-
ator with such a motive.
Now, sir, I prefer to stand fast by the princi-
ple. I regard slaves as persons entitled to certain  
rights, held to subjection by State laws, and by
State laws only. The Congress of the United
States in legislation must regard them as persons,
and as persons only; you have no right to treat
them as property. In the Constitution, which
we have sworn to support, they are universally
regarded as persons. It is only by the local or
municipal law within the States, and within the
limits of the States only, that they are regarded as
property. Now, you propose that Congress stamp
upon them thecharacter of property, slaves, serfs,
whose masters must pay taxes because they own
them. I will not abandon the principle for the
tax.
Mr. President, I intend to put the proposition
to tax cotton and the proposition to tax slaves
against each other. Before I close, I will propose
to amend the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts by substituting a modified tax on
cotton. They are connected together, and the
Senator cannot disconnect them. Our purpose is
to levy a tax upon the people of the United States
to suppress this rebellion. If you go to the West,
the West is taxed on an article made from one of
the leading productions of the western States; our
cattle and all our other productions are indirectly
taxed. We bear it without complaint, and you
may put on more if you desire. In New England,
manufacturers are taxed, and they do not com-
plain of it; they bear their share without mur-
muring. In New York and in the commercial
State's we have heavy stamp duties, and we tax
commerce in various ways. Now, I desire to tax
the southern States. They ought to pay a larg >
portion of this tax: their heresies have involved
us in the necessity of creating a large public debt
and expending a large sum of money. I desire
to tax them; and that tax may be levied on a pro-
duction of which they have the monopoly in the
World—a monopoly which hos causcd this war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much shall weget
in Virginia ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care about getting
any from Virginia, except what she will pay in
consumption. Thank God,she is destined within
ten years to be w free State. 1 have no doubt of
that. I have heard Virginians, many of them,
