1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Government loads the mails with free matter it were absurd
to complain that the mails arc not self-supporting. How
could they be?"
I answer, " so long as the newspapers load the
mail trains with free matter it were absurd to com-
plain that the mails are not self-supporting."
- The article goes on:
il Finally, these aie time1? which imperatively demand
retienchment. Everything in reason must be done to swell
the receipts and dimmish the outgoes of the Federal Treas-
ury. The abolition of franking is one step in the right direc-
tion. Let there be no mincing or halving it, and let it be
thorough and complete."
Mr. Speaker, the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege is one step in the right direction. 1 agree
with him in that. " Let there be no mincing or
halving it, and let it ho, thorough and complete." It
is exactly what we are trying to do.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is in relation to
the franking privilege.
Mr. COLFAX. I declined to yield to the gen-
tleman's colleague until I finished my remarks,
and I cannot yield now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will proceed.
Mr. COLFAX. But, sir, all this proves noth-
ing if the bill is not right; and I wish to say to
every gentleman in the House, if he does not con-
scientiously believe that the bill is right, I will
not ask him, out of any consideration for our
committee, to vote for it, and thus expose him-
self to the same kind of unfavorable criticism as
that aimed at us. I would rather bear it alone.
I come now to the next point in this discussion.
The Constitution authorizes Congress to estab-
lish post offices and post roads. We can ascer-
tain with absolute certainty what the original in-
tention of the framcrs of the Constitution was by
the exposition which they give of it by their acts
during a long series of years. For the first fifty-
six years of our national history, from 1789 up to
.1845, the universal rule, and one which was up
to that time unquestioned, was that all mailable
matter should go through the mails. They pro-
hibited from going outside of the mail, letters,
newspapers, pamphlets, and periodicals of any
kind, and they were properly transmitted by the
mail.
If we go back to the early Congresses we shall
find that their intention was also to make the Post
Office Department self-sustaining. In 1792, thefiist
Congress passed an act, under the Constitution,
establishing a postal system, and by that act they
provided that ail the expenses of the Department
should be paid out of its receipts. In 1794, the
next Congress extended the field of the Depart-
ment, and authorized " the carrying of a mail on
any road on condition that the expenses* thereof
shall not exceed the revenue thence arising."
Coming down still nearer to our own times,
in 1836, Congress passed a law, which has never
been repealed, that the aggiegate sum lequiied
for the service of the Post Office Departmcntshould
bo appropiiated by law out of the revenues of the
Department, antl never by a formal act of legisla-
tion was this repealed, although inferentially re-
pealed by appropriations for a deficit in appropri-
ation bills. This self-sustaining principle seemed
to be clearly the lule. Indeed, down to 1845, the
Department made a profit. In 1845 &nd 1851
cheap postage was established. Those acts caused
a deficit, but that was then only $2,000,000 a year.
Since 1845 a different system has prevailed. Pre-
vious to that the principle was that all mailable
matter should go through the mails; that the Gov-
ernment had a monopoly of carrying the mails,
as it had a monopoly of coining money, as it had
a monopoly of levying duties on imported goods;
and, though it would be convenient for the ship-
pers and importers to bring in their goods from
abroad, and not be compelled to put them in the
custom-house to remainihere until their invoices
were examined in their tui n, and the duties were
paid to the Government—just as it is convenient
for papers to send by express, and to have them
circulated before those who paid postage on them
can get th'em at the post office—although, I say,
that would be convenient, and would expedite the
delivery of goods, yet there is no man who can
dispose of one dollar's worth of those goods until
the duties are paid. "YVc say that it is by the rev-
enue that we sustain the Government, and you
must pay the duties thereon before you will be
allowed to sell a farthing's worth to any one in
the land.
In 1845, (I was a young man then, and it was
along time before I ever thought of breaking into
Congress,) [laughter,] a different system was
adopted from that which previously prevailed,
and that was that newspapers, pamphlets, and
periodicals might be transmitted outside of the
mails upon certain conditions; and I want to read
to the House those conditions, bccause I wish to
show that the present system of carrying such
matter has grown up without express authority
of law. I read from the sixteenth section of the
act of 1845. That was a very liberal Congress.
It was at the close of one Administration and the
incoming of another, and legislation was marked
by great liberality, not only in reference to the
Post Office Department, but also other branches
of the Government:
14 But nothing in this act contained'*—
Which authorizes newspapers and periodicals to
be sent outside of the mails—
" shall be so construed as to ptohibif any person from tran-
sposing over any mail route any books, magazines, pam-
phlets, or newspapeis not marked, direced, or intended for
immediate distribution to subscribes or otheis, but intended
for shUc as nicicliaudise."—Sec. l.>, Act of March '3, 184o,
And if you will look back to the debates you
will find that the provisions of that section were
justified upon the ground that there were book-
stores all over the country that had periodicals for
sale as matter of merchandise upon their countcis,
and that they wished to add newspapers to their
merchandise; and it was intended that they should
have them as merchandise, while "subscribers"
to the same papers should reccive them through
the mails. Congress said that while they granted
the privilege of transporting newspapers and pe-
riodicals outside of the mails, they must be papers
which were not intended for immediate distribu-
tion ; and the only inference we can diaw fiom that
is, that all newspapeis to be delivered to subscrib-
ers, daily or weekly, should go through the mail
and pay postage. But Congress gave them an
inch, and they look an oil; and now a very large
and constantly increasing portion of the newspa-
per business is done, not through the mails, but
through the express companies. Consider with
me one moment the condition of matters upon the
route between New York and Philadelphia. On
that route you pay the highest rate allowed by
law. The highest rate is $300 per mile, and whcie
one half of the servicc is peiiormed in the night,
twenty-five per cent, extra pay may be added. So
you pay $375 per mile for mail transportation be- i
tween New York and Pennsylvania, a route upon
which every mail train carries thousands upon
thousands of newspapers side by side with the
regular mail; a route to which you pay an enor-
mous subsidy, more than is paid to any oilier
route in the country, and on which you receive
not a farthing from these papets.
What has been the result of this legislation?
In 1S51, the postages received were as follows:
fiom letters, $5,369,000; fiom papers,£51,035,000.
But the receipts of that year are not a fair ground
of comparison, because in 1851 we not only re-
duced letter postages, for the last time, but also
reduced the newspaper postage. In 1852, which
is a fair year to quote, the postage on letters
was $4,226,000, and the newspaper postage was
$789,000. Since that time our population has in-
creased thirty-thice per ccnt., and the newspaper
circulation has more than doubled, I think; and
what do you think is now realized from news-
papers carried through the mails? It was during
the last fiscal year, $571,000—not much more than
one half what itwas in 3Sol, and thirty-three per
ccnt. less than it was in 1852, the year after post-
age wasreduced. When you compare thisamount
with that received during the preceding year of
1860, you will find that the newspaper postage
was $627,000, while m 1861 it was £571,000—a
decrease of ten per cent., when every man knows
that the demand for newspapers has enormously
increased, growing out of the pxeitementand feel-
ing of the time. Even under such circumstances
our revenue is falling off all the time, and will con-
tinue to fali off. The letter postage has grown
up since 1852, from §4,226,000, to $7,510,000—
almost double—more than seventy-five per cent,
increase, while our receipts from newspaper post-
ages have fallen otf, and will continue to fall oft.
Ah ! gentlemen say in reply,allowing these news-
papers to go outside of the mails is a groat relief
to the mails. Not so. The railroad service for
the Department, which cost in 1851, in the whole
Union, §1,200,000, costs now $3,500,000, and is
increasing with fearful rapidity. It has gone up
three hundred per cent., and one ground is, that
they must carry our mails no matter how bulky,
while our revenue from all bulky matter is falling
off all the time. Every railroad you will find will
exact from the Department the largest possible
sum, and they will do it upon the pretext that
they are bound to carry whatever amount the
Government may see fit to put upon them.
Now, sir, everybody in the House, with, I
think, five exceptions, voted the other day that we
must tax the people. What tax could be easier
upon the people—what tax could be less burden-
some, than to return to iheold waysof ourfathers,
which we changed in the time of our prosperity,
and to provide that all mailable matter carried on
mail trains which we support at a heavy expense,
over the post routes established by our own laws,
shall pay us postage ? This deficit must be made
up somehow. Can any gentleman tell me a more
just and equitable way of making it up ? Ifthey
can, I shall be willing to abandon this bill. Till
they do, I cannot, whether it is to succeed or fail.
Now, sir, when you contrast the legislation in
regard to papers and letters, you see a marked
dilleicuce. No piivate citizen can, by the laws of
1852 and 1853, strictly applied in their modifica-
tions of the permissive law of 1845, carry letters
outside of the mail, unless it be in a stamped en-
velope, whereby we derive revenue. If this is just
and equitable in regard to letters, then I contend
that the same rule should be applied to all mail-
able matter.
1 come now to another objection, which I un-
derstand is to be made to this bill, and which I
have seen indicated in some of the newspaper
strictures upon it. They say the Post Office sys-
tem is the scoff and scorn and contempt of the
people; let it be abolished, say they, and let every-
body carry letters, as everybody now carries
newspapers, as they please. Sir, I admit that the
Post Office Department might be made more effi-
cient. I think it might be made the most popular
Department of the Government with out increasing
the burdens upon the people. Hut when you strike
it down—and I know that theie are a great many
members who say that it ought to be stricken
down, and there always have been in every Con-
gress in which I have served—this result will fol-
low. You will have the mail5? carried in all the
thickly-settled portions of the country, but when
you come to the sparsely-settled districts, the
people there will have to go to county seats, or to
some points on railroads to get their mails. It*
may be a little burden to charge three cents on a
letter between New York and Philadelphia, but
out of the profits which you derive from that you
send out your mails almost to every man's cabin
throughout this wide-spread Republic, and keep
up a cheap comnfunication between him and the
friends he has left behind him, in the home of his
birth. Strike down the postal system, and I ask
you if you are going to have the letters carried by
express companies, who are to be the substitutes,
into the distant regions of Nebraska, which are to
cheer the heart of the man who has gone forth to
battle against all the privations of the frontier, and
to make the wilderness blossom as the rose. I
ask if any private companies are going to carry
letters at three cents apiece to that distant region
represented by my friend, the Delegate from Col-
orado? I may be answered, yes, by express. Yes,
sir; they were. Before the last Congress passed
a law establishing certain post routes in that re-
i gion, and authorizing the Postmaster General to
| put on service, letters were carried by the express
I companies, who had the monopoly, and -no Gov-
i eminent mails to interfere with them, to the miners
| on the rivers and in the diggings and gulches for
' twenty-five cents and fifty cents apiece, and even
| adollarapiece, which the miners had to pay. We
I established our system, which we are told is the
I scoff and scorn and contempt of the country, and
I now letters are carried there by a tri-weekly mail
| at three cents apiece, and I think we have glad-
| dened many a heart by so doing. And so also
i with California, though at a somewhat higher rate
of postage, which hei delegation here have always
1 magnanimously agreed to in consequence of the
! heavy burden of that service. Strike down this
i system, and you will not find express companies
i willing to go away from the lines of railroads, ex-
