THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question |
Is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to j
the amendment reported by the committee. j
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that amendment ,
will not prevail. I shall make no remarks upon it. j
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, fortunately for !
the people of the section in which I reside, we
have no necessity for these artificial lights. I be-
lieve it is a necessity that exists only in ccrtain
sections of the country, and where it is believed
* that the people of those sections should have the
exclusive control of them; and in order to carry
that idea out more perfectly, I shall withdraw my
amendment, and allow the Senator from Michigan
* to perfect his bill to suit himself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question recurs on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I very much prefer the
amendment of the Committee on Commerce to
the original bill, becausc it relieves the bill from
the great difficulty of making the matter political
entirely, so far as regards the appointment of these
officers. Notwithstanding what has been said by
the honorablechairman ofthc Committee on Com-
merce with reference to the views of the Secretary
of the Treasury, I am yet of the opinion that it is
unwise to make the proposed change. I have
vecy great confidence in the management of the
Light-House Board; I have read the reports care-
fully, and I am personally cognizant of the very
great improvements in alt particulars with refer-
ence to light-houses that have taken place in the
last ten years under the management of that boaid.
It is unquestionably true that from having a very
bad system, they have brought it to be one of the
very best, if not the best, in the world, making
the greatest improvements in all particulars as to
lights, oil, and everything connected with light-
houses; and at the same time they have dimin-
ished the cost comparatively. The number of
lights has been increased from necessity; but the
cost per light, when you come to examine the
average, has been reduced, I think, something
like $180. The system has been recognized as a
most admirable one, not only in our own country
but by foreigners. Prom a very bad one, it has
been brought by the board to as good a system
probably as it can very well be made.
The organization of the board is such as neces-
sarily to bring about that result. The Secretary
of the Treasury is at the head of it and nominally
the president of the board; but the business is clone
by the board itself, consisting of officers of the
Navy, of officers of the engineer corps, and of sci-
entific men who attend to the matters of detail and
matters of improvement. That is the simple state of
the case. Officers of theengincer corps for instance
are employed in erecting the buildings, in which
there has been very great improvement. Sub-
stantial, although comparatively cheap, buildings
have been erected wherever needed, to a very great
extent. Officers of the Navy are employed in ex-
aminations, and in various matters connected with
the business. One of the members of the board is
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, whoso
knowledge of the coast furnishes him with informa-
tion as to proper places where light-houses should
be erected. And the whole board together, consist-
ing of men of character and eminence, act upon the
contracts and the expenditure of money; and the
money has been expended without any complaint
from anybody, with very great ability and very
great carefulness.
Now, sir, I do not see the necessity of interfer-
ing with the arrangement which has worked so
well; and it is the opinion of the board itself that
any interference with it will be likely to produce
injury rather than good. I have very much greater
confidence in the opinion of those men who have
been managing it for ten years and under whom
it has arrived to its present state of perfection, than
I have in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whoakhough president of the board is merely
nominally so, and has not, as he informed me. per-
sonally taken pains to study the question at all and
to inform himself upon it, because he has not had
the time to do so; and therefore, whatever may be
my respect for him and his opinion on a matter
that he has investigated, I think it ought not to
overweigh the opinion of men who have for years
been devoted to the business itself.
Under these circumstances, I do not believe in
the good sense of interfering with the system and
appointing revenue officers inspectors of light-
houses. It is said they can attend to the duties.
They can attend to a certain part of the duties
perhaps. The system perhaps might be changed
to that extent; I do not know how that is, but
to allow the revenue vessels to visit the differ-
ent light-house establishments and to make their
commanders superintendents, (which involves the
whole management on shore of everything con-
nected with the system and looking over the dis-
tricts, and the light-house districts are more ex-
tensive than the revenue districts,) I think is
incompatible with the duties they have to perform.
Besides they are under different direction; they
are under the direction of the collectors of the dif-
ferent ports;'they must go where they are sent
and attend to the business which is peculiar to
themselves, and the number is very limited com-
paratively. I do not believe they can possiby have
the time to attend to this business in addition to
their own.
Again, sir, I do not think that the revenue offi-
cers are generally men of sufficient education to
fill the office of superintendent of light-houses.
They are now filled by officers of the Army or
Navy ordinarily, men of scientific attainments
and who aie capable themselves of regulating the
affairs of the light-house district. The revenue
officers as a geneial rule—there may be some ex-
ceptions among them—are not of that class of men.
They are smart men in their way; some of them
are perhaps fit for these places; but ordinarily,
they are not men of the knowledge requisite to
oversee such extensive establishments and become
acquainted with all the questions necessarily in-
volved in the superintendency of a light-house
district. I do not know but that a little money
could be saved by the change, though I do not see
how. It may be that a little money may be saved
on the travel, but that can be i emulated very easily.
The pay of military and naval officers is not in-
creased when m this service; they have the same
pay precisely that they have as officers of their
proper grades; and it will be so with the revenue
officers.
I believe, therefore, on the whole, I have no hes-
itation in expressing my own opinion, that the
movement of the Secretary to interfere with this
system by putting into it the revenue service will
be attended with injury; that it is safer, very much
safer, when you have a system that has worked
admirably and produced good results, to leave it
where it is, rather than to interfere with it by in-
fusing into it a new element. It is of course for
the Senate to do what it sees fit on the subject.
My own opinions aie fixed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Maine in his high encomiums on the
present organization and conduct of the ligh t-house
system. This proposition is a very simple one.
It does not interfere in the slightest degree with
the present organization, except to this extent: as
is well known to every member of Congress, and
to almost every man in the country, we have a
greater demand for officers both m the Army and
Navy than we have a supply at the present time;
and this bill simply authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to select, at his discretion, officers
of the revenue service for this duty who are ne-
cessarily compelled to be upon their stations at
this time. If there are incompetent officers of the
revenue service, as there undoubtedly are, the
Secretary of the Treasury would certainly be the
last person to select such men to fill these posi-
tions. Upon the lakes this spring we require these
officers to act as superintendents of lights. The
light-houses must be supplied; they must be in-
spected . They must prepare for lighting our lakes
immediately, and we have no officers of the Army
or Navy to detail to that service. It will be a mat-
ter of economy fortius reason: officers of the Army
and Navy, as Senators well know, while waiting
orders are on small pay comparatively; but when
in active service they draw a very largely increased
pay. If a man is incompetent for artive service
at this time in any capacity in the Army or Navy,
lie is certainly incompetent to superintend our
lights, and 1 object to a man who is so uttezly in-
competent as to be incapable of even recruiting or
mustering soldiers into service at this time being
detailed to this duty. I had a conversation no
longer ago than Saturday with the Secretary of
the Treasury, and he told me that he deemed it of
very great importance that this bill should pass,
and pass now; that the service required it, and I
believe it. If the talent, if the materiel in the rev-
enue service is so low, as the Senator would seem
to intimate, that it is not competent to superintend
light-houses, I think it should be raised. As I
said the other day, it is being raised. We in-
creased the pay of these officers fifty percent, last
summer, and as I am informed by the Secretary
and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, they are
getting a higher grade of talent in the revenue ser-
vice than they have been heretofore able to obtain
at the former compensation. At any rate, I think
it is no more than an act of justice to the Secre-
tary to let him make the trial in this his time ot
need and necessity. I hope the amendment will
prevail. I believe it is important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There must be some very
great mistake about this. Everybody knows that
the executive officer of the Light-House Board is a
man of the very highest capacity in his line, and
he has been the executive officer most of the time
for the last ten years. I allude to Commander
Jenkins, of the Navy. -He is the man who, un-
der the direction of the board, has managed the
whole business. I conversed with Commander
Jenkins, and he knows more about the system,
its wants, its necessities, everything in connection
with it, than forty Secretaries of the Treasury,
situated as Mr. Chase is, and I say it with all
respect to him.
The Senator tells us that the Secretary of the
Treasury says he is in great need of this change.
He has nothing to do with the Light-House Board
at all except to preside, if he chooses to attend
the meetings. He does not know to-day the con-
dition of it, or comparatively anything about it,
if I may trust to his own word. Mr. Jenkins told
me not three days ago—for I went up to consult
him—that there was not the slightest need of in-
terfering with it in any way whatever, for the sim-
ple reason that, notwithstanding the engagements
of the officers of the Army and Navy at the pres-
ent time, everything went, on perfectly well with-
out them, under the direction of the board with
the engineers in charge, as they are called. There
is an engineer—a civil engineer—employed in
every district. In the district which comprehends
the line of coast where I live, the engineer, a gen-
tleman with whom I am acquainted, is a man of
the highest capacity; he manages the whole thing
undei the boaid, and there is no need of a revenue
officer or any other officer there. Mr. Jenkins
says there is no need of them anywhere at pres-
ent. The business of the light-house concern goes
on perfectly well, without the slightest difficulty
arising from the engagements of the officers of the
Army and Navy at the present time. Suppose
you wanted one who was an officer not in abso-
lutely active service, it is a perfect non seqxdtur
that, because he is not fit to go to sea, therefore
he cannot in an office manage a light-house dis-
trict, with the engineers and the captains of light
vessels and all the machinery which is connected
with it. It is a mistake to suppose any such thing,
and if Mr. Chase, the Secretary of the Treasury,
has such an idea, I undertake to say he must be
laboring under some strange delusion. He does
not pretend to know anything of the light-house
system. What he may want to make with his
new revenue fleet that he is building up, and what
power he may want to give to them, i do not know;
but it is not connected with the Light-House
Board; it is connected with the revenue fleet. That
is the amount of it; and that, unquestionably, he
knows all about; but the difficulty is the interfer-
ence with the light-house system; it is to that I
object.
How is it now? All these officers are detailed
by the board, the whole board, acting as a board,
not by the Secretary of the Treasury. He is not
the all in all in the light-house establishment. It
is under the control of a board of men, and men
of the highest character. General Totten is a
member, Piofessor Bache is a member, Professor
Henry is one, and there are seveial other gentle-
men, officors of the Army and Navy—Captain
Humphries, Mr. Jenkins himself, and others.
They detail these men. They apply to the War
Department or the Navy Department for an offi-
cer oi a particular kind, and they detail him and
send him out. The Secretary of the Treasury does
not do it. Now, what does this bill propose? It
proposes that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
