2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
declare over and over again that that would be the
result. The tax you now propose will be a bur-
den on the loyal people of Virginia who own a
few slaves; but it will not affect a single planter
in South Carolina, because you know they will
not nay your tax. If they will not, do you pro-
pose to seize the slaves? Will you sell them for
the ten dollars? Not at all; you would make them
free.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can seize their real
estate.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ We can do that by other
provisions of law. We can do that under the con-
fiscation bill, or under the bill proposed by the
Senator from Vermont. No, sir, it appears to me
that the practical intent, if its result is to be at all
efficacious, is in an indirect mode to promote
emancipation. I do not propose to levy a tax in
that way. A tax on cotton being the production
of slaves, being the production of that region of
country which is most involved in this war, is a
tax perfectly legitimate, because it is a tax on
property. But the argument was yesterday made
that you must not tax cotton, because you do not
tax any agricultural production. There is, how-
ever, this peculiarity about cotton, that we sub-
stantially have the monopoly of it in the world.
The cotton of India and all other countries is
never brought in competition with ours; thequan-
tity produced in India does not affect our market.
Besides that, it is an article which can only be
used m manufactures. It is not consumed by the
people of the country in the same way in which
corn and wheat and other agricultural produc-
tions are. It is purely a manufacturing product,
intended for manufacture, and only valuable as a
manufacturing product. There is an element of
taxation that you can roach without difficulty, and
four fifths of it, as I said before, would be paid
by people outside of the United States.
in levying taxes we have a light to regard the
interests of our own people. When the. God of
nature or our own favored position gives us a
monopoly of any production whatever, we have
a right, according to the custom and laws of all
nations, to levy a tax upon it. We can collect
this tax from cotton without any difficulty. it
may raise the pnee of cotton slightly. The com-
paratively small portion that is used in New Eng-
land would, in the first instance, pay this tax of
one cent a pound, but afterwards it would be dis-
tributed among the great mass of the people who
consume cotton fabrics, while four fifths of the
tax would be paid directly by the manufacturers
in Manchester and Liverpool and other parts of
the world. It is a practicable tax that you can
collect in your ports and get the money. Now,
suppose you should put this tax on slaves, how
are your collectors to get at it? Look at it as a
practical question if you want to get money, and
that is the only principle on which you can justify
it. How are your collectors to collect this tax?
Yoti know they cannot do it except in those slave
States where the flag of the United States is now
respectedyou cannot do it anywhere else. The
only operation of the tax would be to emancipate
the slaves of those people.
Now, Mr. President, I think we ought to hesi-
tate befoie we levy this tax, or if we desire to do
it, let us do it in a diffeient way. Let us confine
this tax bill to the legitimate purpose for which
it was framed, and tax the property, and let us
never surrender the principle on which we have
all stood, that slaves, being invested by Almighty
God with the image of humanity, having heads
and heai ts and forms like ourselves, having wives
and children and sensibilities and sentiments*, shall
not, for the sake of collecting a small tax, be de-
graded to the level of brutes, to be bought and
sold, whose masters or owners ore to be taxed for
them as for hoises and mules. 1 tell you, Sen-
ators, that this idea, this principle, is worth moie
than all the money you can raise from a tax on
slaves.
Besides,! do not desire, especially at this time,
or, indeed, at any time, to stigmatize any class of
people as jugglers, or to apply to them the epi-
thets which have been heaped upon them by the
Senator from Massachusetts. 1 have, in my in-
tercourse in life, mingled with a great many slave-
holders. Some of them have been very bad men.
I believe the tendency of slavery is to make men
despotic, rude, violent, revengeful, especially in
the extreme southern States. I might point out
some of the men who were lately associated with
us here, men who had none of the characteristics of
gentlemen, such men as Rust, Barksdale, Wigfull,
and many others that I might name. They bear
the stamp that I supposed absolute slavery would
make upon white men—rude, revengeful, violent,
passionate, appealing always to force, and never
to reason. But, Mr. President, there are a differ-
ent class of slaveholders, and Senators should dis-
tinguish between them. The slaveholders of the
Revolution were men of the highest purity, of the
greatest patriotism. At that time slavery was ad-
mitted to be an evil. They were men of gentle-
ness, of courtesy, of kindness, good hearts and
good heads, nearly all of them; and so are the
great body of the slaveholders with whom you
are brought in contact in the border States, men
of gentleness and kindness and courtesy.
I have no doubt that the influence of slavery
upon the character of men is more or less affected
by the occupation in which the slaves are em-
ployed. When the slaves are employed on plant-
ations, in gangs, where they are removed from
the owner, where they are treated as chattels and
as brutes, then slavery tends to degrade and de-
moralize the character of men; but it would be
very wrong to stigmatize this whole class with any
such epithets. Many of the most gentlemanly,
courteous, kind, and patriotic men that I ever met
in the world were slaveholders; and I think that,
taken as a class, the slaveholders of the border
States are men who are deserving of our commis-
eration, of our kin^ess, rather than of our re-
proaches. So it is with the great body of them,
especially in all the middle States. I know in
Tennessee it was the ease, because Mr. Johnson,
whom we certainly can believe, has said that a
gicat many of them were drawn into this rebellion
reluctantly and are now held m it rather by force
than by their good will. I do not choose to select
that class of men from among all the population
of the southern States and tax them, and then to
apply to them opprobrious epithets. On the other
hand, I desire to frame a tax that will reach the
people in the extreme southern States where this
egg of secession was hatched—reach them rather
than those who are now in a great measuie loyal
to the Union.
Mr. President, I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by striking out
all after the word " that," and inserting the clause
providing for a tax on cotton contained in the 96th
and 97th pages of the printed bill as it was modi-
fied yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The amendment
to the amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Sherman* which was to strike out all after the
word "that," in the amendment of Mr. Sumner,
and insert:
Oil and after the 1st day of July, 1862, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, a tax of one cent per pound on
all cotton held or owned by any person or persons, corpo-
ration, or association of pcisoiw; and such tax shall be a
lien thereon in the possession of any poison whomsoever.
And fui thei, if any poison or persons, corporation, or asso-
ciation of persons, shall remove, c.ury, or nansport the
same from the place of it> pioduction befoie said tax shall
have been paid, such puison oi poisons, eoipoiahon,or as-
sociation of person*,-hall forfeit and pay to the Unitrd States
don hie the amount of such tax, to be iecoveied in any coin t
havimj juiisdiction theteof: Provided, however, That tile
Coinnu^Monei of Internal Kevenue isheieby authoiized to
make such rules and regulations as he may deem pioper for
the paj rnent of said tax at places different fiom that of the
production ot said cotton : jJnd provided further, That all
cotton owned and held by any manulaetuiei' of cotton
fabrics on the 1st day of July, 1862, and prior thereto, shall
be exempt fiom the tax hereby imposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a point
of order on that. It has once been deliberately
rejected and voted out of the bill by the Senate.
My point is that it cannot be offered as an amend-
ment to a pending amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 con very easily avoid that
difficulty, as the Senator may know, by changing
i a single word, and 1 have changed one or two.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. If the proposition is the
j same m substance, a change of a word will not
! affect it.
| Mr. SHERMAN. A change of a word makes
j it djftcient in a parliamentary sense.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. What word does the
i Senator change?
Mr. SHERMAN. I strike out "May" and
insert " July."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will bring it
within the rule.
Mr. KING. I agreed with the Senator from
Ohio yesterday as to the fitness and propriety of
taxing cotton. I think that an effort should be
made by Congress to distribute this heavy burden
of taxation upon the country by giving to all por-
tions of it at least some of the tax. Very little
can be laid and collected upon many of the States,
owing to the disturbed condition of the country.
Cotton is an article which, I think, especially
commends itself to us for a tax; but the Senate
have deliberately decided that it will not put this
tax of a cent a pound on cotton. I am free to say
that I am willing to vote for both these taxes—the
tax on cotton, and the tax upon the service or la-
bor of persons claimed to be held as slaves. I had
prepared an amendment on this subject, which I
will read:
For every person claimed to be held as a slave there shall
be levied and collected, fiom the person claiming to own
one or moie slaves, five dollars for each and every person
claimed to be held as a slave.
There is no ambiguity in that proposition. 1
stated it to the Senator from Massachusetts, who
told me he had ptepared an amendment on this
subject; and I also learned that the Senator from
Rhode Island had an amendment proposing to
levy this tax. I was content. It is immaterial
from what quarter the proposition comes, I am in
favor of it, and I have no difficulty as to the use
of words that shall be understood throughout the
country. The only object in the selection of
words, in my judgment, and especially in a law,
is to take those which will give to all persons the
same idea; and this is one about which there
could be no mistake. Congress and the Federal
Government do not create slavery or sustain sla-
very ; they do not even, in my judgment, sustain
the right of the master to the service of the slave;
but this right or claim exists by the authority of
the State law, as much as the right of the tavern
keeper to sell liquor and keep a tavern exists by
the authority of the law of the State from which
he denves his license. There is a substantial in-
terest m such n grant to an individual under the
authority of a State law. Whether right or wrong,
in morals or in law, by the authority of the State
government the master holds his slave to service,
has the benefit of his labor, and enjoys its prod-
ucts. It is that claim to that service which is
taxed, and not the person of the master or the
slave; and it seems to me to be a distinct interest.
We cannot deny the fact that these people exist
in some of the States in that condition. It is
against my idea of what is just. I never would
have made a law to make a slave, nor would I
continue a law to hold one; but I have not the au-
thority to make laws in those States; the people
of those States have made them, and they have
given to one portion of their citizens the right to
the service of other persons in their Stales; and
it is a right which those people hold to be most
valuable. It is the estimate they themselves place
on this right to hold slaves that is the cause of all
our difficulty. They have risked all their rights,
their lives, and are assailing the existence of the
country to preserve the claim which they hold to
the service of these persons, and to extend it over
more territory. Without that we should have had
no difficulty. Shall we not tax a claim or a right
which these people hold so valuable ? It seems to
me that it is as clear and suitable a subject of tax-
ation as any which exists.
I think cotton should be taxed. As the Sena-
tor from Ohio well argues, and as I said yester-
day, it is an article which specially commends
itself to taxation, from the facility and ease with
which the tax can be levied and from the certainty
with which it can be collected. As he has pro-
posed this amendment, I will now state to the Sen-
ate that I intended to try that question over again
in the Senate, and I trust the Senate will yet adopt
the proposition to levy this light duty,and, in my
judgment, a tax of a cent a pound on cotton is a
'light duty. I think it could afford to pay more,
but that was the amount adopted in the other
House, and I would not boggle about a little more
or a little less. A cent a pound is a pretty fair
tax; I hope still that the Senate will agree to levy
that tax on cotton, but I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not insist upon proposing it as a substi-
tute for this tax upon the right to the service of
