422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
cept to large towns, whose mail will be profitable
to them. They will not leave the railroads with
their daily stages, carrying the mail, till the daily
runs out, and a post rider starts with his weekly
mail on horseback, to supply the settlements ten
and twenty miles apart, and as he goes upon his
weekly rounds is hailed by all; because, perhaps,
he brings to some lonely wife,"weeping at her
hearthstone, the good news from her husband, for
whom she has given up all else this side of heaven,
that he is well; that, though she has surrendered
him for the sake of his country with a patriotism
even superior to that of the Roman matron, he is
well, and sends the kind greetings of love and
affection to gladden her heart in her lonely home.
These express companies would not go to the out-
of-fche-way scttlementsat the heads of creeks, and
at the ends of roads, and away out into the sparsely-
settled regions,to rejoice the hearts of the poor peo-
ple, who are blessed indeed by these postal facil-
ities. You may vote to strike down the system,
but I will vote to improve it, and make it still
more effective, still more useful, and still more
honorable to our country.
I received a letter upon this subject, the other
day, from a warm and valued friend of mine, on
a visit to Boston, which I take the liberty of read-
ing to the House, omitting his name:
"Boston. January 17,1862.
" My Good Friend : I am heie on business for a day or
two, and luue just seen, in the papers, that you arc pio-
posintj a moasuie in icgaid to nexvspapeis and pamphlets
which will bimi  down a mountain on your head. The
publishers here are terribly exerciscd about it. I pray you,
for your own sake, not to uigo it."
I have seen, as stated by this correspondent,
that if I press this bill, a mountain may fall upon
me. Sir, if I can, by my poor labors here, assist
in achieving what has been regarded as an impos-
sibility, making this Department self-sustaining,
taking it. off from the Treasury, and avoiding oner-
ous taxation of the people to make up this defi-
ciency, without raising the rates of postage or
increasing the burdens upon any one, I shall be
willing that the mountain shall fall and crush me.
A man is notfit for public life if he will not follow
his convictions, though the heavt ns fall. I know
that these great papers combined, which speak to
millions of people, can crush any man they would
unite in denouncing. But I cannot swerve a hair's
breadth from what 1 regard as right to escape any
such fate.
I come now to another branch of this subject. I
propose, to prove that this is not going to be a bur-
den to any one. It is said that this will enhance the
price of the papers to the people. 1 say that it will
not, and I propose to give you my own experi-
ence upon this subject, i propose to show that by
receiving their newspapers through the mails the
people will get them cheaper than they now do,
and that it will not only swell the revenue, but
increase the benefit to the people. In my own
town we get all our news from theChicngo dailies,
which reach thereabout nine o'clock in the morn-
ing, and the people buy them !>y hundreds, pay-
ing five cents for a single number, or twenty cents
a week for them, which amounts to $10 40 a year.
The subsenptiun to the highest pi iced of those
papers, by mail, is $7 50 a year. The postage
upon each paper, if carried within the State where
printed, is a quarter of a cent, if paid one quarter
in advance; if carried to another State outside of
that where printed, half a cent. The postage on
a newspaper, therefore, published in Illinois and
carried to a subscuber in Indiana, Wisconsin, or
any other State, being half a cent apiece, is §1 56
per year, making the cost of the paper $8 56 a
year, instead of $10 40, which they now pay. Let
me look now at the ellect in Ohio.
I have here aletter from a gentleman in Ohio. I
will not trouble the House by reading it at full
length, but can state its contents: the Cleveland
papeis are delivered by newsdealers in the towns
of northern Ohio at a shilling a week. That
makes $G 5(1 a year. The subscription price is live
dollars. The postage of one quarter centon each
newspaper carried m the State would make the
cost to a subscuber $5 78. He now pays $6 50.
It is uue that subscribers receiving their papers
through the expiess companies get them a few
moments earlier than they get them through the
mails; but they might as well wait for their news*
papers until the mails are distributed, as wait for
their letters, winch may be on matters of life and
death. TJuncfore, the transmission of newspa-
pers through the mails would not be any increase
of burden on the subscribers, but would, on the
contrary, reduce the cost of their newspapers, and
would also swell the revenue of the Post Office
Department.
But I am told that it would be impossible to
carry out this law, because the carrying of news-
papers in the mails would make the mail matter
too enormous; and because the post office clerks
could not in the night time transact this business,
and have the newspapers distributed in time for
the morning mail. The solution of that difficulty
is that this thing can be done under such regula-
tions as the Postmaster General may prescribe.
Wherever we have a mail train delivering mails
along its route, we have a route agent employed.
He comes to the cars now j ustin time to be on board
before the starting of the cars, because he has got
nothing to do but distribute the mail as the train
goes along. All that we would have to do is to re-
quire the route agent to be on hand an hour before
the cars start, to receive these packages of papers
as they arrive from the various newspaper offices,
and distribute them through the various boxes in
his car. All this work can be done before the.
starting of the cars. How is this thing done now?
I have endeavored to acquaint myself with the
system by riding often, when traveling, in the post
office car. The papers are brought down to the
train in the early morning, and are taken charge
of by the express agent, who has also to attend to
his other business, checking receipts for shipment
of boxes, bales, fruit, &c.,&c. If express agents
can do this, I do not see why route agents cannot
do it also.
Now I have answered some of the strictures cast
by the newspapers on this bill. I wish to say in
all candor and sincerity, that one of the strictures
of the press is just in my opinion, and we ought to
be always willing to acknowledge that we are
wiser to-day than we were yesterday.
The objection is made, and with a good deal of
force, that, while we send a daily mail train once
a day, the night mail trains carry only the through
mails, and, theiefore, the evening papers cannot
be distributed along the route. The circulation of
theeveningpapers ofthc various cities, bemgfewer
m number, is inconsiderable compared with that
of the morning papers. Nine tenths of the papers
distributed are the morning papers, which go to
press at two or three o'clock in the.mormng, and
are sent to the trains which leave at six or seven.
Itisobjectcd thatthepublisher of an eventngpaper
should not be required to pay postage to the Gov-
ernment for service which it cannot perform, and
for which service he would also have to pay ex-
press companies. That is a just objection, 1 feel
obliged to say. I have, therefore, with the con-
sent ofthc Post Office Committee, prepared a mod-
ification, which 1 intend to present; so that if this
bill be not stricken down by a majority of the
House after my remarks are closed, members can
take their choice between the bill as originally re-
ported and the modification which I shall present.
The Post Office Department drew up the details
of the oiiginal bill. That bill is restrictive, pro-
hibitory, in its character. I propose to change the
phraseology of the bill so as to omit all about the
licensing system which some papers have said
might be unfairly and inequitably used, though I
am certain it would not be. I propose to make
the bill permissive in its character, so as to allow
newspapers and periodicals to be sent as hereto-
fore outside of the mails on all post routes, except
that when carried on railroads or steamboats the
postage shall be collected thereon at the rates now
fixed bv law, undei such regulations as the Post-
master General may prescribe; and that the pro-
vision of the eleventh section of the act of Feb-
ruary 27, 1861, authorizing regular dealers in
newspapers and periodicals to receive and pay for
packages thereof by mail at the same abatement
allowed to regular subscribers, who pay in ad-
vance, shall be extended to packages sent to them
under this act. This obviates one objection made
by newspaper dealers: that, while they can now
receive by mail packages containing two or three
jj hundred papers for sale by paying the pro rota
rate the same as private subscribers, with an abate-
ment of one half for a quarter's postage in advance,
they would be deprived of that privilege under this
bill, if receiwng by express.
I wish now, Mr. Speaker, to draw the attention
of the House to two very able articles on this bill
from the Cincinnati Commercial and the Cincin-
nati Gazette. While nearly all western members
have seen the Commercial, the Gazette has been
seen by all the members, it having been sent spe-
cially to each. The Commercial says:
"The circulation of the Commercial by these companies
(express) is about twenty-five thousand copies daily; and
the total daily ciiculatiou of the city papers, exclusive of
that by mail and on city routes, is probably sixty thousand,
and is certainly as much as fifty thousand."
The Gazette says:
" Not less than sixty thousand daily papers leave Cincin-
nati every morning. 'The weeklies add piobably one hun-
dred thousand a week to this."
I am glad to find these figuies in the editorials,
because they have given me a clue to what I wished
to arrive at. Western members know that the cir-
culation of the Chicago papers is^nearly the same
as that of the Cincinnati papers. Outof the single
city of Cincinnati alone sixty thousand papers are
sent daily. Even if they all circulated in the State
of Ohio alone, paying the lowest rate of postage,
one quarter of a cent on each—and we know that
fully one quarter go into Indiana—the amount of
postage actually thrown away by us there would
be $46,800 per year, without counting the week-
lies, the periodicals, or the increased postage on
those goingoutside of Ohio. It is so with the Chi-
cago papers, with the exception that probably
over half of their circulation out of the city is in
the States of Indiana, Wisconsin, and Iowa. But
assuming that only one half of this circulation is
outside the State of Illinois, the postage on it, if
sent through the mails, would be $70,000. Thus,
at the very lo west figures, one hundred to one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars is annually thrown
away on the postage of the newspapers of these
two cities without benefit to anybody, as the sub-
scribers have to pay more for the papers than if
they were sent through the mails.
Apply these calculations to the newspapers of
the great cities, which circulate in the aggregate
scores of papers for every one that is circulated
from Cincinnati or Chicago, and you will find that
$1,000,000 will not cover the gain to the revenue
of the Post Office Department which our bill would
secure. I believe that $1,500,000 per year could
be realized from these papers without burdening
anybody, or interfering with the profits of the
newspaper dealers.
There arc eight great centers of newspaper cir-
culation in the country — Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore*, Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
Chicago, and St. Louis. There are also a num-
ber of lesser newspaper centers, such as Port-
land, Springfield, Massachusetts; Albany, Utica,
Syracusg, Rochester, Buffalo,Cleveland, Detroit,
Milwaukee, and Columbus, Ohio; Louisville,
New Haven, Harrisburg, &c. I have made my
calculations from the statistics given in the two
Cincinnati papcis—statistics furnished by these
adverse editors thefhsclves, and not manufactured
for the purpose of bolstering up arguments. These
statistics show that the loss to the.Post Office De-
partment on the circulation of the newspapers
published in the great centers is far more than any
man has ever dreamed of, and that, could it have
been foreseen, the law of 1845, which is now
stretched so far beyond its permissive provisions,
would never have been enacted. "Why," they
say, " it will cut off the circulation." Cutoff cir-
culation? I do not see how that will follow, when
every subscriber receives his paper cheaper than
he, has heretofore done through the expresses and
newsdealers. I-Iow, then, will the effect be to cut
down the circulation of newspapers?
Mr. Speaker, I last night received a telegraphic
dispatch upon this subject. It is on a mammoth
scale, a good deal like the manner in which the
publisher of the New York Ledger usually gets
up his advertisements; but if the House will bear
with me, I think I can i^ad it without detaining
them long.
Mr. Colfax thereupon opened out a " print-
ing" tclcgraphic dispatch, amid much laughter,
about a dozen yards in length, the end of which
was carried to the opposite side of the Hall, and
proceeded to read:
New York, January 20, 1862.
Dear Sir: It seems to mc that you cannot be fully posted
in ieg.ml to the news agency business, or you would never
have introduced the bill concernmgitm the IIou&c of Rep-
resentatives. I am aware, as you state in yourcommurtica-
tion m to-day's Tribune, that the Government sadly needs
additional revenue ; and so far as newspaper pioprietors ate
concernod, I know of no cla^s of men more willing to pay
