1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3365
it would not only be graceful andproper, butthat
it is incumbent upon us while we have on our
lips professions of reform, and while we are razee-
ing the compensation of others, to see to it that
we do not spare or overlook ourselves. It amazes
me, if 1 may say so without offense, to hear the
idea put forth that members of Congress have
vested rights in the face of which we have no
legislative power to cut down our own pay. Sir,
will it, be seriously contended after officers and
men have entered the military service, the men
upon terms of enlistment depriving them of all
power to resign or obtain release after they have
volunteered, relying upon rates of compensation
already fixed by law, and after they have never-
theless had these seriously reduced,and this, too,
by acts defended and adopted by this House as
proper, expedient, and constitutional—will it, I
aslc, after such legislation, be contended by those
who have sanctioned it, that they cannot cutdown
their own pay because, forsooth, when they re-
ceived their election it was understood that they
were to receive two mileages each Congress, and
$3,000 a year? No, sir, and I submit to every
sincere reformer that the principle of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, so
far as it can be made legally operative, is righton
grounds of equity and justice. Whether it is pos-
sible to reach money already paid over, is a se-
rious question,no doubt, but the language is fit to
go as far as possible, and if it falls short of any
point, that will be owing to the inherent difficul-
ties of the case.
So much as to applyingthe proposed reform to
the presentCongress. Now,as to theother branch
of this subject, namely, the proposition to destroy
totalfy the existence of inileage:in placeof making
war upon half the abuse and making love to the
remaining half, I voted for the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldrich,]
because, whatever the motive of others, I believe
it is right, not half just and half right, but entirely
right, and therefore preferable to any lesser reform.
I differ entirely with the gentleman from Indiana
in thinking that we shall do our duty, or enough
of our duty, by reducing congressional mileage
one half, leaving congressional pay untouched, and
then making the reduction apply exclusively to
future Congresses, instead of embracing this Con-
gress, so as to include ourselves. I contend that
the whole system of congressional mileage, as it
now stands, is an abuse, and likely to be an abuse,
in practice, if not in theory, however it may be
diminished in rate per mile. I believe the allow-
ance ofany rate of mileage to be vicious in its tend-
ency, unjust, and indefensible, even when scru-
pulous exactness is observed in regard to it, and
productive of laxity, temptation, and bad morals.
I understand the best apology for it to be that it is
in the nature of compensation or reimbursement
for expenses incurred in traversing the distances to
which it applies. Conceding, for the sake of ar-
gument—and I deny it in truth—that membeis
should be paid beyond their salary for coming to
the capital to discharge their duties—paid their
traveling expenses—I say, even then, that a uni-
form rate per mile is an indefensible basis of al-
lowance, whether you leave the amount as it now
is, or cut it down one half. We all know that the
present mileage, if it be reduced one half, will still
amount to a sum larger than any man's actual
traveling expenses, and in most cases very much
larger.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand the
theory of mileage to be that which the gentleman
from New York suggests. It is a compensation
by which the pay of the most distant members is
equalized to that of the nearest. I would rather
serve for the compensation of the member from
Maryland who is within an hour or two of his
home than for the pay and mileage of members
living at a distance, who are entirely debarred
from attending to their business at home.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The statement
of the gentleman from Tennessee is a very frank
avowal, and 1 have no doubt well founded, yet I
would not have ventured to charge the friends of
mileage with occupying the gentleman's ground,
lest I should draw down a storm of disclaimers
and denials. I believe that the naked character
of emolument, not even cloaked under the pre-
tense of reimbursement for traveling expenses,
does uphold, with many, the mileage system, but
it is none the less true in my estimation,as I said
before, that the only half tenable ground upon
which it can be put at all is that salary is for
services, and mileage for traveling expenses.
I will recur again to the remarks of the gentle-
man fiom Tennessee, after considcringa moment
the point that I was making, namely, that mile-
age is unjustifiable as a mode of allowing travel-
ing expenses. A certain sum per mile, whether
as it stands now, or reduced as proposed by the
bill before it was amended, is, I say, an over-pay-
mcnt; it is money received for a certain purpose
in excess of the true amount, and therefore an
improper and wrongful allowance.
Why, under the guise of traveling expenses,
should those who come from Oregon and Califor-
nia receive four, five, or six thousand dollars or
more every session, whether they actually return
to their home during the vacation or not? Sup-
pose, sir, th$t they do make the journey; sup-
pose that none of them have passes without cost
upon the steamships; suppose they all pay, in
point of fact, for coming here and going hence:
does any one believe that it costs them anything
like the sum they would receive if wflfeonty cut
down the present mileage one half? Certainly
not. Then, why should they receive an overplus
of thousands of dollars annually ? Why should
any one receive, as the expenses of his journey,
one penny more than he actually expends? How
can any law be defended thatgives it to him? The
only refuge from the argument is the ground as-
sumed by the gentleman fiom Tennessee.
Let me examine that for a moment; and in do-
ing so, let us suppose that we ought to tolerate
the idea of giving under a false name additional
salaries to all and enormous salaries to some, if
any reason can be found for doing so. I say to
the gentleman—and I think I can speak advisedly
at this session, if I never could before—that the
Representative is fortunate, looking to his own
personal interestand convenience, who represents
a constituency iemote fiom this capital. Why?
Because the further his constituents are from him
the more ho enjoys immunity from these count-
less applications and taxes, which some of us
know have become burdensome and continual
this session beyond the power of any man to at-
tend to them; if the home of the Representative
is far away, he escapes those ten thousand calls
for attention to private interests which consume
days and nights, and which are all m derogation
of our public labors and duties, and which render
incessant effort necessary in oider to save any
time at all to study measures before us. To listen
to the sufferings, the misfortunes, the anxieties,
the distresses of others, of neighbors in the Army,
and of those whose friends are in the Army; to
listen, without the power to relieve or to comfort;
to receive and answer many letters daily, and go
from place to place to attend to the requests they
contain; to search for the sick and the wounded;
and to do the little that can be done to soothe the
sorrows of relatives: these are among the daily
incidents in the life of a Representative whose con-
stituents are in short or easy communication with
the capital.
Gentlemen who live fir from the capital, and
whose constituents have few relationships with
the capital, are comparatively free from all this.
Besides, what Representative, who does his duty,
can go home, as the gentleman from Tennessee
suggests, no matter how near his residence may
be, and transact business, uriless'on some lare
and unusual emergency—some emergency which
would call him home, wherever his residence might
be, unless, perhaps, it happened to beat one of the
very remotest points from which members come?
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
that he is speaking rather for the Representatives
than for the constituencies. The constituents of
those who represent remote districts are unable to
get here. I venture to say that, if you will remove
the seatof Government to the Suite of Tennessee,
the people of that State will agree to pay their own
Representatives for all time afterwards. Prox-
imity to the seat of Government is a benefit to the
people.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
supposes that Representatives of remote constitu-
encies are taxed with the same labor that falls upon j
others, it is because he has never represented a j
constituency in New York, Pennsylvania, and j
New Jersey, or any one of the free business States j(
—States contiguous to the seatofGovernment,or |i
connected with it by easy modes of travel. If he
had done so, he would know that constituents—
I know there are exceptions to every rule, but I
speak in measured general terms when I say that
every citizen coming here with any need, or ap-
plication, or grief, or business, resorts at once to
the Representative of the district from which he
comes; man or woman, no matter what the case
may be, the Representative is the person to whom
resort is had. It is also true that the more numer-
ous are the lelationships of a constituency with
Washington and the Government, the greater will
be the business coming by letter, whether the
writers are in the habit of coming themselves or
not. Again, sir, those who live remote from the
capital do not make the journeys to and fro that
are made by others; and for a variety of reasons
those who come from a far distance are more than
compensated for all the losses they sustain in be^
ing further than others from their homes, and for
the expenses they incur in making the journey.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Will the gen-
tleman yield tome for a moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to know it
the gentleman from New York can consume an
hour. I believe the gentleman from Indiana stilJ
has the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir,he yield-
ed it to me unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
only yielded to the gentleman from New York a
portion of his time.
Mr. COLFAX. I yielded only conditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has twenty-five minutes of his time left.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not commenced yet.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, I have been here
more than one hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man has been here for two houis.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am exceedingly anxious
to call up a message fiom the President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair laid before the
House the only message which was upon the table
half an hour ago by consent of the House. The
Chair will state to the gentleman further that the
morning hour commences with the call of com-
mittees for reports. When the committees arc
not called for reports there is no morning hour.
The message from the President has been read to
the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. But it has not been acted
on, and for that reason I wish to call it up,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call the gentle-
man to order. The gentleman from Kentucky,
like others, should observe the rules of the House.
He has no right to inquire about the President's
message while another member is upon the floor.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Cliair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, we
have been sitting here a good many months sym-
pathizing most kindly with the ovei burdened peo-
ple of this country; we have expended some rhet-
oric upon the fact that we are engaged in the most
expensive war the world has ever seen; we know
that we are carrying a public debt greater in pro-
portion to our basis of taxation, taking into account
the rates of interest we pay, than the public debt
ofEngland; agrcat variety ofmoat cogent reasons
for retrenchment and reform arc gravely evident,
and carrfbst professions have been made on all sides
ofadetermination to economize and eoi rectabuses.
l3ut what have wc done? Much has been said, but
how much has been done5 We have increased a
great many salaries; many of them, 1 think, with-
out any good or sufficient reason for it. I say so
under favor, meaning no disrespect to that major-
ity made up of all shades of party politics which
has thought otherwise. On the other hand, we
have not scrupled to cut down the pay of brave
men who have gone to stricken fields to maintain
the honor and existence of the Government. We
have been in various ways regaling the publicear
with necessities of reform, and I submit to gentle-
men, one and all, that if we are sincere in the mat-
ter, if we mean to do our duty, it behooves us, as
we value our rcspect and our consistency, to re-
member that charity js not the only thing that
should begin at home. Let us cut down our own
pay, let us cut it down liberally, and then we can
with propriety and consistency make war upon
