1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
their share. But let it come in proper shape. You have
referred in the discussion of your bill to the immense cir-
culation of the New York Ledger. Will you permit me to
inform the House of ltepiesentatives, through the commit-
tee tf which you aie chairman, that f would prefer to pay
a tax of half a cent on every copy of that circulation rather
tlmn be compelled to conform to the requirements of your
bill. Jt would be less onerous to give the entire profits of
our business to the Government while the war continues
than to have that business entirely destroyed. We are
willing to be taxed; but in common with other newspaper
publishers, we do not want to have the present well organ-
ised and satisfactory news agency system of selling and
distributing papers lnoken up, which would viitually be the
effect of your bill. If Congress considers it expedient to
raise additional revenue off the circulation of newspapers,
why would not a plan something like the following be a
good one:
Papers of one thousand circulation and less to he fiee
fioin taxation; papeis over one thousand and le & than five
thousand to payatax of one quaiterof acent on every copy
published 5 and all papeis of ovci five thousand cnculation
to pay a tax of half a cent on every copy published.
This plan would, of couise, cost the Ledger many thou-
sands of dollars a year: but as I have already said, we are
willing, if necessary, to give the entire profits of our busi-
ness as long as the war lasts to sustain the Government,
but do not want our business destroyed or knocked into pi.
ItOBEKT BONNER.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Mouse of Representatives, Washington.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. "Who wntesfor the
New York Ledger now? [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. All the city editors. One word
in reply to the suggestion contained in this tele-
graphic dispatch. I should have said that of the
New York dailies who have condemned this bill,
the New York Herald has been an exception. Its
editorial on the subject rather approves than con-
demns. The author of it commences by saying
that he approves of the proposition to tax news-
papers, but he wants it done in some other way.
I ought also perhaps to notice another New York
daily—the New York Times—which wonders that
a man of as much good sense as myself should
introduce such a bill. [Laughter.] 1 take the re-
proof, sir, in all kindness, as the editor mixes it
with a compliment/for which I fear the Boston
Herald will condemn him. It seems that some of
the New York papers are willing that a half cent
stamp tax shall be hud upon them, because they
will really make money by it. They have for sev-
eral years been considering the question of raising
the price of their daily issues from two cent's to
three cents, but they have hesitated about doing
it for fear their patrons would not justify them in
it; but if we require them to pay a half cent stamp
tax, they will then raise the price, and can afford
not only to pay the tax, but will receive half a
cent additional profit on every paper they sell.
Now, sir, there is nothing very strange in the
fact that newspaper publishers should be some-
what sensitive in respect to the legislation «of Con-
gress upon this subject. I do not blame them for
it. I do not blame any men for attending to their
own interests; but I think they ought to be con-
sistent; and when they ask Congress to make
sacrifices of privilege, when they ask them to give
up the franking privilege, they ought to be witl-
ing, for the public good, to give up privileges that
are as dear to them, if such a sacrifice were re-
quired; but, as T have said, I see no reason what-
ever why this should diminish their circulation to
the extent of one subscriber.
There is one other suggestion I desire to make
in connection with the comments of the New York
pres%, I find in the New York Evening Post,
which paper I regard as one of the ablest edited
papers in the city—(a gentleman says they have all
read the editor's poetry at my expense)—[laugh-
ter]—an article, in which the writer says:
£' If the Government would issue two cent stamps for the
postage of lettcis having the ordinary weight, and sell them
to the private expresses for a cent each, the expresses
would cany and deliver the letters tor the lemaining cent;
tiif public would he bpttnr accommodated than it now is.
and the Treasuiy would obtain ten times the amount of
money which can be extorted under any modification of the
pi e&entsystem. Mi. Colfax will find, on inquiry, that this
arrangement might be made with the expresses, and it is
hardly nccessaiy to represent to a man like him how much,
by carrying tlnouizh such a retbim, he would deserve the
gratitude of the country for lidding \t of an odious monop-
oly which is a standing reproach to our legislation.1'
Now, sir, we have got the same monopoly in
the hands of the Government in regard to the coin-
ing of money, A man owns the gold dust or bul-
lion in his possession, and yet the Government,
steps in between him and the use of his property,
and tells him that he shall not place any stamp
upon his gold by which it may circulate as money,
nor shall it circulate as money or become a legal
tender, except through the medium of the Mint
converting it into coin. There is nothing very
strange in the clamor which is raised in regard to
the Post Office Department. There is always a
clamor in reference to any far-reaching system
like the Post Office system, affecting all classes of
society and controlling so much patronage as this
Department does. If any gentleman supposes the
Post Office Committee, in the duties they have had
to perform, the complaints they have to hear, and
the legislation they have to struggle for here, have
a bed of roses on which to repose, I feel very much
like saying to them, as the preacher did who in-
vited anybody who thought preaching was such
an easy matter, to get up in the pulpit and try it.
[Laughter.] But, sir, let our post office system
be destroyed, and you will find the people coming
up here and demanding of Congress to know why
we have diverged from the path marked out by
our forefathers and followed for three quarters of
a century; why we have destroyed so universal
and wide-spread a blessing. They will ask us
why we did not perfcct the system when we had
the opportunity; why we did not do it by the pas-
sage of this bill as well as by the abolition of the
franking privilege.
I lepeat, that if this bill becomes a law, and the
bill passed by this House Home days ago becomes
a law, in my judgmentand in the judgmentof the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, the
Post. Office Department will be able very nearly
to pay its own expenses from its own levenues;
and as the country increases in population, and
the now sparsely-settled portions become more
thickly populated, the revenue and the surplus
will go on increasing.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am willing, in the time
yet remaining of my hour, to answer any inquiry
that may be proposed; and I will first yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. There were several questions
which I had it in mind to ask during the progress
of the gentleman's remarks, and oneoccuis tome
now. The gentleman made some rough estimate
as to how much would be gained in the way of
revenue to the Post Office Department if all the
newspapers in Cincinnati should be taxed; has
the gentleman overestimated how much would be
gained to the revenues of the Government if all
the boxes of strawberries in Cincinnati were to
be taxed—if the venders were requned to put a
postage stamp upon each box, or if a tax were
levied upon all the great vaiiety of articles which
are exported from that city?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman's
question with pleasure. If the Constitution had
provided for Congress establishing routes for car-
rying strawberries by the Government, and all the
laws of Congress by a uniform construction for
seventy-five years had recognized the propriety
of carrying that article, I would extend the same
provisions to them. But as it does not, 1 submit
that his comparison limps slightly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. So I suppose the Government
provided for coining money as an exception to
the general rule, but I cannot see the point of the
gentleman's comparison at all, between the Gov-
ernment monopolizing that and monopolizing the ;
carrying of newspapers. There were several ques-
tions I desired to ask the gentleman as he went on
with his argument, but they have now passed out
of my mind. If I may be allowed a single remark
upon the bill, however—for I do not intend to dis-
cuss it—I will say that I think this bill is a fair
illustration of that beneficent provision of nature, i
that wherever there is a poison there is an antidote.
The press have generally supported the humbug
of abolishing the franking privilege, and now it
seems they are to receive the antidote humbug.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will carry
out his illustration by voting for this bill, I will be
very much obliged to him, for I fear it will need
a few more votes than it will get to pass it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; I vote to lay them ;
both on the table. !i
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to ask the gentle- \
man from Indiana a question, and I do it in good !j
faith; for I expect to vote for the bill. I ask him |j
if he has made any Approximate estimate as to
the amount of revenue that will be derived fiom !:
this bill? j'
Mr. COLFAX. I have stated that, in my judg- >,
ment, the revenues of the Department would be
increased over ^l,000,000. Ofcouise, I have 110 \\
official data upon which I can approximate any-
thing like correctness. It have shown that, in Cin-
cinnati alone, the gain will be some fifty thou-
sand dollars; and, in my judgment, with the gain
from the abolition of the franking privilege, and
by transferring the carrying of the California mail
to the general expenses of the Government, as was
the original enactment of Congress, as from the
vast unpeopled plains it has to traverse it cannot
be expected to pay for its cost, the Post Office
Department will-become almost, if not quite, self-
sustaining. During the last three or four years
the Post^Office Committee, aided by influential
members of both branches, and the Postmaster
General, Mr. Holt, reduced the expenses of the
mails to California from $2,200,000 to $1,000,000,
by discontinuing the ocean mail service, carried
over two oceans and across a foreign country, and
by discontinuing the Butterfield and other parallel
routes, although we increased the service from
several irregular semi-weekly and weekly mails
to a daily mail. The service is not carried as well
as I should be glad to see it; yet the reduction has
been made in the expense, and the service has
been much improved. Our effort has been stead-
ily and laboriously to decrease the expense and
increase the efficiency and usefulness of the De-
partment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads whether he has made any estimate what
revenue a stamp duty of one half cent would pro-
duce upon the newspapers m the United States?
Mr. COLFAX. I have not. I do not really
know what revenue that duty would produce for
the Government.
Mr. BLAIR^of Missouri. I have not made
any such estimate myself. I have not had the
means to do it. But, sir, I have heard gentle-
men of great intelligence say that a half cent
stamp duty upon newspapers would produce over
$3,000,000 of revenue for the Government.
Mr. COLFAX. I doubt that. I do not know,
however, having never made an estimate, it not
being v/ithin the range of our postal calculation^
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. By a stamp duty of
one half cent imposed upon newspapers, which
could more easily be collccted than the tax im-
posed by this bill, while it would allow newspa-
pers to be distributed as they are now distributed,
the revenue of the country would be increased
over that which would be provided by this bill
nearly §2,000,000. And, inasmuch as we have
passed one bill at the dictation of the metropoli-
tan press, I think we might as well pass another,
recommended by many of them, with a view to
benefiting the revenues of the Government. We
have broken down the franking privilege, in which
the dignity and consequence of this House were
more involved than in any other measure that I
know of—we have dispensed with that for the
benefit of the metropolitan press, and I think we
had better go on and tax them as they want to be
taxed, especially when by so doing we increase
our revenues by it over and above what is pro-
posed m the bill reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from Missouri. That is a matter that will prop-
erly come before the Committee of Ways and
Means, not being a matter of postage.
I wish to make another observation, which I
forgot to say when I was up before. It was said
that I was the publisher of a country newspaper;
and that, because this bill of mine would bear hard
upon the city press and lightly upon the country
press, therefore I was for U. I am the publisher
of a country press; and I will say that I am will-
ing myself to bear any burden, I do not care what,
that a majority of this House may see fit to im-
pose upon the country press. And if this bill ever
does get near its passage, I will say further that
whatever amendments the House may attach to
it, I will go vigorously to secure its passage.
Mr. BLAIIl, of Missouri. I do not doubt, nor
have doubted the patriotism of the gentleman from
Indiana. I have no doubt that he would under-
take any burden that any other gentleman would
foi the maintenance of the Government. I do not
wish him, therefore, to consider that my remarks
were intended to reflect upon him.
Mr. HOLMAN. When I can get the oppor-
tunity, I desire to submit an amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the indulgence of the
