1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
persons held as slaves by the laws of the States.
I shall vote against the proposition to substitute
one for the other; I desire an opportunity to vote
for both propositions separately and directly.
The Senator from Ohio spoke about the manner
in w hich he would levy his taxes, and he said that
he would meet a question of this kind boldly.
There are few Senators or gentlemen whom I re-
spect and admire more than the Senator from Ohio.
He always makes his propositions boldly. He
meets this proposition of emancipation boldly.
He is against it. There is no mistake or doubt
about his position. It is as clear as noonday.
And I take it, that those who are ready to avail
themselves of this or any proposition which may
facilitate emancipation or which may tend to con-
vince those who do not now believe in it that it is
better it should take place, will adopt this tax as
a step towards it. There is, therefore, in my
judgment, nothing in the argument as to the di-
rectness or indirectness of this proposition. No-
body can mistake its character, and I think nobody
can mistake what its effect would be.
J do not doubt that there would be great diffi-
culty in the collcctmn of this slave tax at this time
in very many paits of the country where this
claim exists, but we hope that that condition of
things is to pass away,and I trust very soon. Are
we now to indicate to the country,are we to hold
out to those people, as an inducement to peace,
that the burdens of this misery and difficulty which
they have brought upon the country aie to fall
exclusively on those whom they have assailed,
and that they are to be free from their share of
the burden and expense of restoring order in the
country and preserving the Government? I would
tell them at once that they must be prepared to
take and bear then* share of the burdens which
they themselves have heaped upon the country,
and they may think themselves well oft if they
escape with only their fair equal share of those
burdens. That justice would inflict more than
an oven share upon them, there is not a doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my friend takes his
seat I will U'i[ him how I would get at these men.
As he well knows, 1 am in favoi of taking all their
pioperty by the broadest confiscation law. I want
to seize their property and give it to loyal men, if
we cannot sell it.
Mr. COLL AMER. And then will they be able
to pay taxes?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to levy taxes in a
constitutional way.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from New York I will make a suggestion to
him. There is a difficulty occunin^ to my mind
in the position of the Senator from New York, as
well as in that of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I do not know how we are going to tax an inter-
est that we would not protect. If you propose to
tax an interest in this country, I suppose you in-
tend to protect that interest.
Mr. SUMNER. How is it with auctioneers
and jugglers r
Mr. POMEROY. We protect them.
Mr. SUMNER. The United States hasnoth-
ing to do with them. It is all done under State
laws; and just so with slave-masters.
Mr. POMEROY. But we license jugglers, give
them a permit. I do not propose to tax an inter-
est that I would not piotect.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Kansas may
have these scruples in his own mind. I havenone
of them of that character which will deter me from
doing what I think is just on account of the words
which may be used. As I said, I use the word
" slave" in the pioposition I have drawn. It is
not that I believe in slavery, but I know that the
majority of the people of this country recognize
the fact that pet sons are held in slavery by the
laws of the States, and that their masters have a
claim or title to their services, and it is that inter-
est I would taxasalegiiimate subject of taxation.
Mr. POMEROY. Will you protect that inter-
est?
Mr. KING. Mr. President, while these States
claimed to support the Constitution and were loyal
to the Union, they received the protection of the
law of this country, and if a foreign enemy or any
citizen of our own States assailed fhem they were
protected by the whole country, and the Jaw is
bound to give protection to whatever exists by
the authority of law. I am not disturbed on that
subject. I was, some ten or twelve years ago, one
of the bail for a man who was arrested in this Dis-
trict charged with running away slaves. As soon
as he was released from custody he went off him-
self. _ I paid my share of the subscription, and
paid it cheerfully. I am willing to reach good re-
sultsbyany honorable andlegitimate way. While
I will not by any act of mine, personally or indi-
vidually, sustain slavery, I will permit the law of
the country to be executed until it can be changed
by constitutional authority. The law protects
even the traitor who shall be tried from any vio-
lence and from any irregularity. The pirate is
taken to jail and taken care of, and the law inflicts
according to its own measure its penalty upon
him. Call it protection, or call it what you will,
I am upon all occasions ready to say that the law
of this country must be sustained; and one of the
strongest reasons I have for desiring the extinc-
tion of slavery is that I think it is an incentive to
violence and irregularity, and that it sets masters
up to the belief that they are above the law, and
they disregard it. The law is the security of the
humble. The strongman can protect himself. It
is the weak and the humble who need its security,
and for such and for all the law should be held
sacred by all. In this country especially should
it be so, for the people make their own laws. No
man is a good citizen who will encourage the vio-
lation of the law. If a man is opposed to a law,
he should bow to it until it is repealed. A viola-
tion of this principle is one of the great crimes of
those people who are now in rebellion against the
country. Absolute acquiescence in the will of the
majority is, as Jefferson said, essential to the ex-
istence of a republic, and no man can be a true
friend to a republic who is willing to see a vital
principle essential to its existence stricken down.
_Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
New Yoik allow me to ask one question ?
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is whathis judgment is
in reference to those citizens of his own State and
other States entertaining the same views,who re-
sisted the due execution of the fugitive slave law?
Were they good citizens ? Were they friends to
a republican Government, or were they public
enemies?
Mr. KING. I am astonished at that inquiry
of the Senator from Delaware. If he knew New
York as I know it, he would not rise here and
undertake to talk about its citizens violating the
law. I certainly shall not take a suggestion from
him of that kind without the slightest proof.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then the Senator's con-
stituents have been very much misrepresented on
some occasions.
Mr. KING. Perhaps they may have been. I
shall not answer questions of that sort founded
upon assumptions, because in my judgment they
are not legitimate inquiries. But my object in this
matter was to affirm my belief, my desire, that this
tax should he distributed through the country. I
do not desiie to talkaboutparticular quarters of it,
or localities of it. I know the people 1 repiescnt—
the people ofNew York—will pay cheerfully their
full share, however it may be distributed. But I
think, injustice to them, in justice to the great prin-
ciple which we hold to be fair among men, this tax
should not be heaped upon the willing, the loyal
citizens of the country, beyond their fair share,
when a portion of it can be collected from the quar-
ters which ought not to be exempt from it. This is
a tax which can be levied, and, so far as itean be
collected, will be collected from quarters that will
pay least. I concede that it cannot be very much
at present; but whatever we get will be so much,
and it is no objection to me that the levying of
this tax will operate towards the emancipation of
slaves. I think any constitutional legislation
which has in it an effect of that sort, commends
itself to the good judgment of the country for that
reason. ThisGovemmentdoes notassume,under
the Constitution, to have power over that subject
in the States. We have befoie us a question of
taxation. Now, by the veiy condition of things
produced by this institution of slavery, the tax
cannot be levied and collected m the manner pro-
vided by the Constitution for the distribution ot
direct tax among the Statesaccordmg to their rep-
resentative population, and we are compelled to
resort, by the judgment of the Senate, to an ex- I
cise system which goes about the country and
levies thn tax wherever it can be collected upon
willing'citizens. In my judgment, it should be
levied upon those who are unwilling to pay where
ever it can be collected, to the full extent of a fair
distributive share of their portion of the aggregate
burden, and we cannot, in any way in which we
can levy this tax, reach and collect their fair share
m many of the States. I therefore vote for both
these taxes. I hope the Senate, when it comes to
vote again on the cotton tax, will levy that; but
I desire that the vote should be taken separately
on the two subjects. I will not vote to substitute
either for the other. I shall vote against this
proposition to substitute one for the other, re-
garding it in this case as a vote against taxing the
claim to the service of slaves.
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President, if this country
ever is effectually and completely ruined, lam
afraid it will be effected by its morality. It is em-
barrassing to be more virtuous and moral than
the law allows. Here is a revenue measure before
us. We are looking about in this dire extremity
to find the moans of carrying on the Government.
It was proposed to impose a tax upon a class of
our population who are rngagedin the enterprise
of vending liquors. Itdid not propose to author-
ise anybody to engage in that traffic, but if we
found anybody carrying iton, we proposed toim-
pose a tax on him. Senators started back in
affright; it would not do; it was calculated to de-
moralize the nation; they could not afford it, and
they would not vote for it.
Here is another proposition to impose a tax
upon the working of a certain class of people. I
adopt the phraseology of the Senator from New
York; I call them slaves; I have always heard
them called so; I believe that is the legal term.
Senators start back again; their morality is dis-
tressed at the proposition. We do not propose to
authorize anybody to hold slaves or to work them;
but if we find persons working them we propose
to collect a revenue fiom them, not to impose a
tax which they cannot affotd to pay, not to im-
pose a tax which they ought not to pay, but a tax
which they can afford to pay, and which, upon
every principle of nghtand of justice, they ought
to pay. But we are told it is an immoral thing, a
vicious thing, and that we cannot afford to lend
any sanction to it. It is said thata tax of five dol-
lars a head on this class of persons will yield a
revenue of $20,000,000, or about that. I said
I was inclined to apprehend at times that the na-
tion was in danger of beingruined by its morality,
but I will tell you how I am relieved from that fear.
By this system of legislation morality seems to
me to be discouraged, discountenanced, because if
you refuse to put this $20,000,000 on this kind
of property, or this substitute for property, or this
relation, or whatever you call it, this vice, this im-
morality, you have gottoputiton somethingthat
is not immoral, is not a vice; you havegotto im-
pose it on the virtue of the nation, on the morality
of the nation; they have to make up the deficiency.
1 respectfully submit to Senators that I do not be-
lieve the morality of the nation will stand it. his
a discouragement that I do not feel disposed to run
the risk of.
Now, as to the motion submitted by the Senator
from Ohio, I agree entirely with the suggestion
made by the Senator from New York, lam very
son y that motion has been made. I do not like to
vote for a tax on cotton as a substitute for the tax
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
think both these taxes oughtto be levied. I shall
vote for them both. I think I am as much m favor
of the tax upon cotton as any one in the Senate,
and I am as emphatically in favor of a tax upon
this class of persons.
If I remember aright, in the very first Congress
which assembled under the Constitution, it was
not, indeed, proposed to tax slaves in the country,
but it was proposed, and proposed by a represent-
ative from Virginia, to levy a specific tax or duty
of ten dollars per head on every person imported.
It is true, that proposition stands upon somwhat
different grounds from this It is true, the au-
thority to impose that tax is expressly given by
the Constitution. I have not heard any one doubt
but that we have the authority, under the Consti-
tution, although it is not declared in so many
words, to impose the tax. So far as the justice of
the thing is conce'rned, so far as the equity of the
