424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
House for about five minutes further, as my time
has expired.
The SPEAKER having stated the question,and
it being; unanimously agreed to, Mr. Colfax pro-
ceeded as follows:
This bill is composed of other sections to which
I wish to call the attention of the House. The
second section is as follows;
Be it further enacted, That for letters or money packages,
or bills Vor collection transmitted through express compa-
nies, tlie said companies shall pav to the Post Office De-
partment three cents each, returning the number thereof,
midcfoath, according to such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by ihe Postmaster General, who may, thiough his
special agents, examine the books of said companies when
he deems it necessary.
Mr. Speaker, there has giown up in this ex-
press system whatisintended to be prohibited by
law. Letters are sent with money and bills to
be collected by thousands and tens of thousands,
which ought to go into the mails; and we pro-
pose here, as we are seeking to draw in revenue
from all possible directions, that these express
companies shall pay tlueu cents upon each pack-
ago of that kind.
So, too,.in regard to telegraphic communica-
tions. The third section provides:
That on all telegraphic messages, except those for the
Government, or tbo.se on business of the company owning
iholino, and excepting abo news and congressional icpous
for the pre^s, the telegraph companies? shall pay to the Po-st
Office Department three cents tor each message, returning
the nmnbei theieof under oath, according to such legula-
tions as may be pie^ci tbed by the Postmaster General, who
may, through his special agents, examine the books of said
companies when he deems it necessary.
Mr. Holt, the very able predecessor of the pres-
ent distinguished Postmaster General, estimated
that by telegraphic dispatches the Government
had lost a million of dollars of postal revenue; and
Mr. Blair, the present Postmaster General, has
written the following letter, wluch he has author-
ized me to read to the House:
Post Oitice Pri'artmfnt,
December JH, J861.
Slit: I respectfully recommend for flic consideration of
youi committee the piopuety of chaining postage on tele-
graphic communications. I have no doubt in my own mind
that lliey should pay postage, and at a Kite of not less than
five cents for eveiy u n wouls.
We can compel payment by reqmunc: eopics of the ac-
counts now kept to be furnished the Department, and re-
quiring the agents to take an oath to keep (hem laitiitully,
and by making the debt a lien on the linos or even by au-
thoiizing the Department to take possession of them ou u
failure either to account or to pay.
Eventually, I think, telegraphic communication will be
taken ehaige of by the Government itself, ami hnt for ex-
isting patents and the constant improvements being made
in the apparatus used by the private companies. I should
favor taking chatgc of it now. J have not eonstdeied the;
question whether under the woids of the Constitution au-
thorizing Congress to establish poat otttces ami post mads,
we are aiuhouzed to collect postage on telegrams. Bui, it
seems to me clear that '*ven if we had no other authority
than what is eontaiued in tins clause, our light to do so
would be suflieient. It, was intended to give Congress a
monopoly m the conveyance of intelligence for line. This
is well s,etiled. The language used m the Constitution to
confer thi.^ giant icJcis in tmms only to the modes oi eon
veyance then known, and if (hey ai-- not to have a v. ider
meanintr than to authorise Cou^n^s to convey intelligence
by roads, it may not be a gie.il while, p'-iltap^j till the  rant
wili cease to bo valuable, loi it is u;iy possible to conceive j
that with the piogres-  o| invention and by the expiration
of existing patents much the gieaUT pail ot letter eonimu-
nb-atioii will be by telegraph, hut the language of the Con-
stitution has not been litei.tlly eon-smied. It'is held with
out question to include ronveyance by wafei a^ well as by
land, andean with equal icason be applied to communica-
tions hy telegiaph. IJul the measure now proposed can be
sustained nudf'i thr- gcin'ial pmvei to levy and collect taxes.
Tlic-cvii-us have been communis ;tied lo the Senate I'om-
mitrec on the Po^t Ollme and t'o-t Koada.
I am, veiy u^pectlulU, jom obedient servant,
M.
Tlon. scnuyleu Cot.J'ax, Chuinain House Committee I'ost
Ojjicc and Post llomh.
I wish, also, to read this paragraph from one of
his letters in reference to newspapers:
"• As to tin' newspaper earned ouf.-ade the mads, you see
h> the omuy thai it is now the lawyer'- ox th.it in goied.
Tiiey aie nuuaged that the lleprcsentames ot the people;
should exeici>e the tianking puvdege. but think it all light
that editor should lmvk thai privilege, in effect. My piop-
o^itioo is to <ret postage fiom all mailable matter. The light
to cariv su< h matter is exclusive m the Ciov-Timi'mt. To
this end we do not propo-e to picvent the cairyui" of the
matt"! by tiamsand othcrvehiele, which do not cauy mails,
but merely to get postage on Mich mattet howevei cmried.
I mink we can reach that object by licensing these trains,
fiu\, to cany the rnattei, numg the licence by the amount
to bo ,i%ceitamed by the Post Office agents.''
{ will give one illustration of the effect of these
sections upon a single post oiiice. in a town in
my district, of twenty-five hundred people—not
the town where I reside—there are two hundred
and fifty Ciacimnuiand Chicago newspapers taken
by private hands, and the postage upon those
newspapers would amount to $400 annually. The
net receipts of the post office in that town now
amount to less than $800, and we are therefore
throwing away $400 a year of revenue that really
belongs to it.
I move the following substitute for the pending
bill:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, aud insert the
following:
That hereafter newspapers, pamphlets, magazines, and
periodicals may be sent as heretofore outside of the mail on
all post routes of the United States, except that when thus
carried on railroad trainsor steamboats conveying the Uni-
ted States mad for delivery at the various post offices on their
respective routes, postage shall be collected thereon at the
rates now fixed bylaw, under such regulations as the Post-
master General may prescribe ; and that the provisions of
the eleventh section of the act of February 27,1861, author-
izing regular dealers m newspapeis and penodicals to re-
ceive packages thereof for sale at the same abatement of
postage allowed to regular subscriber-*, are hereby extended
to packages sent them under tins net.
Sec. 2. Be it father enacted, That tor letters, or money
packages, oi bills lot collection, transmitted tlnougii expiess
companies, the said companies shall pay to the Po*t Office
Depaitment three cents each, returning ihe number thereof
under oath, aceoidmg to such lobulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Pohtma&ter Gencial, who may, through his
special agents, examine the books of said companies when
he deems it necessaiy.
Sec. 3. Beit further enaclcd, That on all telegraphic mes-
sages, except those for the Government, or those on busi-
ness of the company owning the hue, and excepting also
news and concessional icportsfor thepie-s, the telegiaphic
companies shall pay to the Post Office Department three
cents for each message, returning the number theieof un-
der oath, according to such regulations as may be prescubed
by the Postin.istei Gencial, who may, tluough his special
agents, examine the book* ot said companies when lie
deems it neecs^aiy.
Hf.c. '1, Be ilfuithcr enacted, That tor eveiy failure to
pay oi to make return* as leqturcd by this act, a peualtv of
.$•100, in addition to (he amount payable to the Post Office
Department. -diall be inflicted, to be iccovciod in the name
of the Umted States in any coiut having competent juii^-
dietion.
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not arise for the purpose
of discussing the measure before the House. In
the main, 1 approve of the object of the bill. It
seems to me that it proposes a method of raising
revenue not umeasonable, eonstdeiing the fuian-"
cidl embarrassments of the country and the im-
perative necessity of raising revenue by every
reasonable mode. An indirect tax is the most
cheaply collected; but still the daily and weekly
news, winch has bccome an absolute necessity,
should not be unreasonably taxed. The local
press ought to be encouraged. I therefore sub-
mit the following amendment to the substitute
offered by my colleague:
Add to the first section of the substitute the following
pioviso:
I})voided, That this act shall not apply to the tnuispm ta-
tion of newspapers loi distribution withm lifty mile-5 oi the
place ot thur publication.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not rise to
oppose any project now pending before the House,
but merely to let the House understand fully what
is the purpose of the Committee of Ways and
Means—if 1 may be allowed to speak for them—
upon this particular subject. I suppose it would
be proper, in any legislation m refeience to this
matter, that we should view it stncily in refer-
ence to the IWt Oiiice, and not us a means of re-
plenishing the Tieasury generally. I may, there-
fore, say that while 1 should feel unwilling to
impart, for the purpose of commercial specula-
tion, any information as to what the Committee
of Ways and Means are now doing, if [ had any
such information to impart, yet I may, perhaps,
be permitted to state that it is the purpose of the
committee to levy a tax in some form, either as
a stamp tax or a specific tax, upon each copy of
eveiy paper published m the country. It is also
their purpose to levy a tax upon telegraphic com-
munications.
And now while f am up I may be permitted to
say that while i shall cordially cooperate with the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, m relieving the Treasury from any
tax for supporting the Post Office Department, I
do nut believe that cutting down the franking priv-
ilege, though I was willing and voted to try it,
will save a single dollar; nor do I believe that this
project will relieve us from the burden of any
very large amount. If we compel these news-
| papers to be carried through the mails, we shall
j necessarily, whenever the mail contracts are again
| given out, bo compelled to pay a larger price for
S the transmission of the mails.
I rose, however, merely to state the facts, in
order that the House might vote upon this ques-
tion understanding^—that is to say, that they
might expect bills to he reported hereafter taxing
newspapers in proportion to other industrial pur-
suits of the country, and whatever the House does
now ought to be confined strictly to the measure
as a postal measure.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the bill now under consideration be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
with instructions to report a bill imposing a stamp duty
upon newspapers in lieu of postage, upon the payment of
which newspapers may be transpoited without charge for
postage.
The remarks of the gentleman from Vermont,
on the Committee of Ways and Means, look to
some extent to a modification of this motion. This
is a vexed question. While the object is to ob-
tain a revenue for the country, it is at the same
time the object to fix some rule about the trans-
mission of these papers through the mails. The
provision might as properly come from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, who are
specially charged with this matter, as from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I believe a rev-
enue can be collected, as 1 remarked when upon
the floor before, of A3,000,000 from newspapers,
if we have a stamp duty to the extent of the pres-
ent cliaige for postage. This stamp duty can be
more leadily collected, with much less expense
and with greater certainty of getting the money,
than by any means looking to the raising of it by
a charge of postage.
A suggestion is made to me by the chairman of *
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
that I give this matter the direction intimated by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] I
have no objection to that. I supposed, however,
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads were moie familiar with this subject, and
could adjust this tax, by reason of their constant
communication with the Post Office Department,
in a way which would be better for the commu-
nity, and at the same time better for the publish-
ers of newspapers. For instance, I desire to see
some measure of taxation adopted in reference to
newspapers which will bear less heavily upon
newspapers which circulate in cities and within
fifty miles of the place of publication, than upon
those which circulate at a greater distance. Those -
might be charged one half cent each, while these
might be taxed one ccnt each. That would greatly
enhance the revenue.
The question is a mixed one, relating as well to
rcvcnuQ as to the Post Office Department, and I
should like to see the measure go to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads for their
consideration, even if it should only receive their
recommendation, and then go to the Committee
of Ways and Means. I am satisfied, from what
I have hem d upon this subject, from those in whose
opinion I place rcliance, that we shall, by the
means I have indicated, bo able to raise a revenue
much greater than we shall by the course indi-
cated by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax.]
Mr. COLFAX. The reason why I suggested,
solto voce, to the gentleman from Missouri, a change
ofieference to the Committee of Ways and Means
was that I think it always best to refer a propo-
sition to a committee known to be its friends, and
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] of
the Committee of Ways and Means, intimated that
that committee were preparing something similar
to this proposition. My opinion is rather in con-
flict with such a scheme. I prefer the bill as re-
potted by the Committee on the Post Office and •
Post Roads, because it is simple, and restores the
practice which prevailed prior to 1845, which was,
that such printed matter shall go in the mails, and
if it goes outside it shall pay postage. I do not
wish to argue the question as to small newspapers
which have only three or four hundred subscribers.
My paper is not one of that kind, [laughter,] but
I would suggest whether in the small towns, it
would not cost more to have a stamp agent to col-
lect the stamp duty than it would all amount to.
I think the matter had better be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will modify my
resolution so that the matter shall be referred with
the instructions to the Committee of Ways and
