2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
thing is concerned, so far as the propriety of the
thing is concerned, there are as manifest, as co-
gent reasons for imposing this tax upon the per-
sons after they are here, as to impose it upon the
act of bringing them here.
I want to say another thing. While that duty
was moved by a Senator from Virginia, it was
moved for the express purpose, the avowed pur-
pose of discouraging the importation of them.
That is not the least of my purposes in voting for
this tax.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say, " let us take a
vote." I am admonished to be brief; but there
were remarks by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to which I should like to reply. The
Senator insists that this is a tax on slaves. He
so characterizes it, and then proceeds to declare
it unconstitutional, because slaves are persons.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I say if you regard
them as slaves and property, you can tax them
as property. I do not choose s<? to regard them.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not misunderstand the
Senator. Throughout his speech he character-
ized the tax as a tax on " slaves."
Mr. SHERMAN. I say , if it is regarded as a
tax on slaves, as property, it would be perfectly
constitutional, for we have a right to tax any kind
of property; but when you levy a tax on persons,
a direct poll tax, you must levy it according to
the Constitution,
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator to
argue—perhaps I misapprehended him—thatatax
on slaves was not constitutional. Was I right?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; a tax has been
levied on them several times; but they have
always been taxed as property.
Mr. SUMNER. It was because of that well-
known historic fact that I was surprised at what
I understood to be the persistent argument of the
Senator. Ho says that I propose a tax on
" slaves," and he then carefully reminds me that
" slaves" are persons, and therefore not, accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States, to be
taxed except in a paiticular way—by a capitation
tax. Now, sir, in the first place 1 have to say
that the tax which X propose is not to be regarded
as a tax on slaves, if it is applicable to persons,
it is to their masters and not to the slaves. It is
a tax on slave-masters, as I have already said,
precisely like the tax on auctioneers, which is
sustained by the Senator, it is a tax on a claim
of property made by slave-masters. The Senator
can call such a claim property or not, as he pleases.
Jt is, at least, a claim of property, and as such I
propose that it shall be taxed. Why shall it not
tie taxed? The Senator has already admitted that
on previous occasions slaves have been expressly
taxed; actually "taxed in name. In the tax of
1815 there was a tax on " land and slaves." The
Senator does not doubt the constitutionality of this
tax. Sir, lam content with this authority, which
goes beyond anything that 1 propose, and I am
not troubled by any scruple lest in imposing a tax
on the claim of the slave-master, I shall recognize
property in man. At most, I recognize a claim,
and tax it.
But the remarks of the Senator were occupied
chiefly witli two heads: first, a eulogy on slave-
masters; and secondly, a vindication of his pro-
posed tax on cotton. I have little to say in reply
to the Senator's eulogy on slave-masters. There
are two authorities on that head which the Sen-
ator will pardon me if I place above him. I mean
Mr. Jefferson and Colonel Mason, in our early
revolutionary days. Mr. Jefferson has assured
us that the whole commerce between tliu master
and slave is one of boisterous passion, ending in
barbarism. Colonel Mason exclaimed in debate
in the convention that framed the Constitution,
that every slave-master is a petty tyrant. And
yet, sir, in the face of this authentic testimony,
from persons who knew slavery and all its influ-
ences, the Senator comes forward with a eulogy
on slave-masters, to plead for their exemption
from taxation. Eulogies are for the dead. 1 do
not wish to add at all to the odium which justly
belongs to a tyrannical class; but I do insist that
justice shall be done to their victims; and when
the Senator interposes his eulogies, I interpose, m
reply, the rights which have been violated; and
let me say that so long as men persist in such
outrage, so long as they persevere in maintaining
an institution which annuls the parental relation, j
the conjugal relation, the right to instruction, the
right to the fruit of one's own labor, and does all
this merely to make men work without wages;
so long as men support such an unjust and irra-
tional pretense, they cannot expect from me any
soft words. If the Senator from Ohio cati find it
in his generosity to sound eulogies in their praise,
he must excuse me if I decline to follow him. He
does not know them as well as 1 do, nor does he
know their victims as well as 1 do.
But the Senator dwells much on the importance
of the tax on cotton. I do not think this the time
to follow him in that argument. When he pre-
sents his amendment at a proper moment, I shall
be ready to meet him. The subject was fully
canvassed yesterday, and the vote of the Senate
was against him. He now seeks a rehearing out
of the ordinary course. It seems to me that it
would be better if his proposition were postponed
to the proper moment, when it will be strictly in
order, on the consideration of the bill in the Sen-
ate, after it is taken out of committee. Mean-
while, in pursuance of my promise to be brief, I
content myself with saying that because the Sen-
ate may wish to tax cotton, is no reason why
they should refuse to tax the claim of the slave-
master. The two arc not in any way dependent
upon each other. Let the Senator from Ohio carry
out his idea of a cotton tax, if the Senate will
agree with him. But, sir, 1 insist that whether
cotton is taxed or not, the claim of the slave-mas-
ter shall not be allowed to escape taxation. I do
not say the property, but I say theclaim. Itought
to be taxed, notonlyfor the revenue it will bring,
but also for the discouragementit will fasten upon
an odious claim, which has been to us the foun-
tain of trouble and war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I would
not say a word if I was satisfied with the exact
position which this question now assumes. If the
Senator from Ohio would withdraw his proposi-
tion to amend this amendment by proposing a tax
on cotton, I should move to strike the sum down
from five dollars to two dollars, which, I think,
would be high enough at the present time, and I
will state my reason biiefly.
I look at it meicly in a financial point of view,
the very driest possible point of view in which it
can be looked at—as a more question of dollars
and cents. So far as this tax bill is concerned, I
have no denunciations to make of any person or
of any business. The simple question is whether
we can get some money out of it, and whether
we ought to get money out of it with reference to
this particular matter; and that is broad enough
to cover the whole question, in my judgment. I
consider that all that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has said, on one side, about slave-mas-
ters and slavery and its effects upon the commu-
nity, with which we in the Senate by this time
might be considered to be tolerablyTamiliar, and
all that is said on the other side, with reference to
the intelligence and virtue of a great many men
wiio own slaves, have nothing in the world to do
with the question. The question is, have we the
constitutional right to impose this tax ? Upon that
I have no sort of doubt in the world. Whether
you call it by its name of slavery, or whether you
call it by any other name, it makes no difference.
I see no sort of objection to it. I cannotconceive
that it is a capitation tax in any sense of the word.
We do not lay the tax, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts said, on the slave. We do not select
a person, we do not select a class of persons as
such, to be taxed; but we select persons having
under the laws peculiar privileges which are pe-
cuniary benefits, and result as such, and are un-
dei stood as such. Those privileges are as proper
subjects of taxation as anything else that is a priv-
ilege and results in pecuniary benefit. The whole
argument upon the subject of unconstitutionality
in that point of view, I can only say, though made
by gentlemen of intellect, never has addressed
itself with any force whatever to my mind.
Then the question is,asa matter of right ought
not the slaveholder by virtue of his privileges to
pay something? Ihaveno troubleaboutthe word;
whether itis "property" or "persons.The great
amount of property in a great many of the States
of this Union is in slaves, and a gieat pecuniary
[ benefit is derived from their use. Should not they
I who have that privilege and exercise it. do some-
thing towards the expenses of the Governmental
well as those whose property is invested in other
modes, and results in other directions? I can see
no injustice in it, no improprietytn it. I cannot
imagine that gentlemen themselves see it. They
have been taxed heretofore in the history of the
Government in another shape. Why should they
not be again, provided the necessities of the com-
munity require it? Will they tell me any reason
why they should not? If they can demonstrate
that they are overtaxed, unreasonably, unusually,
beyond their proportion by putting anything of
this sort upon them, there is something in the
argument; otherwise not.
If there is no reason in the world why the peo-
ple living in a certain portion of the country, and
having certain privileges which aie valuable in a
pecuniary point of view in giving the ability to
meet the burdens of the Government, should not
pay their proportion of taxes, then comes the
question, how much are they able to bear? With
regard to that question, we must consider the con-
dition of the country. What is the condition of
the country? My friend from Ohio says you are
putting this tax upon the loyal owner of slaves.
Very well; should not the loyal owner of slaves
help to support the Government as well asvany-
body else? Certainly he should, to the extent of
his ability. If, at the present time he is, and for
several years must necessarily be, very much
cramped in his ability in consequence of the pe-
culiar condition of the country, which has not
arisen from him or from his fault, we arc bound
to consider that in the question of levying the
tax, and the amount of it. What is the fact?
With regard to the rebels in the rebel States we
can get nothing until we get the control of them.
With regard to loyal owners, and perhaps rebels
in some of the States, we can get something.
Should they not bear their proportion? Should
not this thing pay?
Then the question arises, how much should it
pay? We cannot wink out the fact that they had
been exposed to a great many discomforts, to a
great many losses, and a great deal of tribulation,
and that we should consider. We can raise the
tax at any future time, if wo desire to do so, and
if it is expedient so to do. If the country wa^ in
its ordinary condition, and we were raising a tax,
I should think five dollars not too much. I think
it is too much now. I think it would be too
heavy on these loyal men, and upon those on
whom we impose it; and when we are imposing a
tax, I do not consider for a moment whether the
matter is a matter of punishment. We are not
laying the tax to punish anybody. We are laying
the tax to get money, upon property, upon in-
come,or upon something ofthat description. I do
not want to punish anybody in that way. Let us
go ditectly and boldly at that. In my opinion, at
the present time a tax of two dollars, or perhaps
three dollars—my impression is two—would be
large enough to impose, under these circum-
stances.
Mr. WADE. Each one, according to our sys-
tem, is valued at $300.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We tax so much on each
individual without regard to his value; no matter
whether he is worth $300 or $1,000. As much is
paid for one as another.
There is another reason. This tax has been
once proposed in the House of Representatives,
and rejected. If the Senate intend to differ with
them, it is not advisable for us to differ so widely
with them that there will be no chance of coming
to the same conclusion; for if we impose it in the
Senate, and the House do not agree to it, the re-
sult is, there is no tax at all; and I have no idea
of losing this bill for the sake of insisting on a
tax which, after all, in the present condition of
the country, and for some years to come, cannot
amount to much. Therefore, as I see no objec-
tion to it in a constitutional point of view, as I see
no objection to it in justice and equity and right,
looking upon the owner of a slave like any other
person in the community deriving a pecuniary
benefit, and exposed, as he ought to be, to bear
his proportion of the taxes that are laid for the pur-
pose of sustaining the Government, it is proper,
in my judgment, to put some tax on him; but,
owing to the condition of the country which we
cannot wink outof view,and which we mustmeet,
and his ability, and the probability of what he
