1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Treasury Department, and appoint these officers
wherever he chooses: the least you will have will
be an interference of one service with another;
and it seems to me it will be a great deal better to
leave this service precisely where it is now, and
where it has worked so well. If you let itgoon
as it is, you know that it will work well, because
it has worked well for the last eight or ten years.
If you interfere with it, you do not know that it
will work well, because you are trying an exper-
iment. Now, I hold it is better in legislation, as
in other things, to " let well enough alone;" and
if you find your lights well cared for, your har-
bors well lighted, your commerce well protected
in that particular, it is better to let the thing stand
as it is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, here is an
emergency; your Army and your Navy require
every man you have got,and more, immediately,
in the field and on the water; and now we ask
-what? Simply that the men who are placed as
the guardians of commerce, commanders of your
revenue cutters, shall have the privilege of inspect-
ing your lights. Senators say it is well euough
as it is. It lias been well enough because you have
had one hundred and fifty or two hundred officers
of the Army and Navy with nothing on God's
earth to do. Now, you have none, and we simply
come in and ask that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury—I say the Secretary ofthe Treasury because
the President always fixes such appointments in
accordance with the requests of the heads of De-
partments—shall have the privilege, during this
emergency, of selecting his own levenue officers,
appointed by himself or by the President, to-do
labor which you have nobody else to do; and Sen-
ators now get up and say let well enough alone.
It is not well enough; you have got nobody to do
the work now.
Mr. CLARK. One answer to the Senator from
Michigan, the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, is, that his bill does not provide for
any emergency. Who has told us anything about
this emergency ? Has the President of the United
States said that he has not got Army officers or
Navy officers for this service ? Has the Secretary
of War said " 1 cannot spare an Army officer on
this service ?" lias the Secretary of the Navy
said " I cannot spare a naval officer?" No, sir;
but the Secretary of the Treasury says " I can
spare you a revenue officer." Now, withoutthe
President saying a word about it, without the
Secretary of War saying a word about it, without
the Secretary of the Navy saying there is any
scarcity of men to perform this service, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury wants to put his men in
the service. That is where the emergency comes
from.
Mr. CHANDLER. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator, does he not know himself that there arc not
officers enough for the Army and the Navy? Is it
not apparent to every member of this body, and
to every man in this nation, that you have no
Army or Navy officers to spare? you are ap-
pointing them here by dozens and hundreds almost
every day.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that there
is any fault about the officers of the Army or the
Navy that they arc not numerous enough. That
is not the trouble. If there is any trouble, it is
that there is not quite fight enough in them. I
do not believe they will fight any better, if you
put revenue officers upon light-house duty. That
will not cure them. If these men are not put to
fight, let them manage the lights, let them be doing
something. The difficulty is not there; the diffi-
culty is in the want of the animus. You have got
men enough to lead your armies anywhere, and
to carry your ships any where. You will not help
it by putting revenue officers on light-house ser-
vice. Does the Senatorexpect that Army or Navy
officers will fight better because you put revenue
officers on this board? Has he heard that this
board wanted or suggested any medicine of that
kind? I think the Senator would not agree to
that. I think he knows as well as I know, that
the cause lies deeper, and that he may cover the
Light-House Board all over with revenue officers,
he may put a revenue officer as inspector m every
sea and every harbor, and it will not make your
armies fight. That is not the light they want;
they want a little of the light of courage and
zeal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I agree with you there.
Mr. CLARK. Very well; take the proper
remedy.
Mr. TEN EYCK. We have heard a great deal
during the present session about extravagance
in the expenditure of the public money, extrava-
gance everywhere, nay, something more than ex-
travagance, until it has been said that this nation
is becoming so involved in debt that it will not be
relieved from the consequences for many genera-
tions. Now, as this bill was originally proposed,
it was designed to make this change only during
the existing rebellion. The Committee on Com-
merce, having heard and realized the fact that
there was vast extravagance and vast expenditure,
thought it desirable, highly important, that a
change should be made in this system by which
thousands of dollars might be saved annually to
the Government, provided the service could be
performed as well. That was the great leading
feature of this movement, and when we strip it of
all these collateral matters about lighting, who is
ready to fight and who is not, and bring the ques-
tion back again to the true point in issue, it strikes
me that there is merit in this bill. I do not know
that the committee have considered the subjcct two
months continuously; I frankly admit for myself
that I have not critically examined it; and perhaps
if I had, I should not understand all its minute
particulars; but the great, prominent, striking fact
was that we desired to have this service performed,
as well, we believed, as it is now being performed,
at a vast saving of public expenditure. That was
the idea of the Secretary of the Treasury, and that
was the idea of the committee, and it strikes me
that, under existing circumstances, the idea was
a correct one. The amendment proposed by the
committee changes the character of the bill from a
temporary one to a permanent one; but if it shall
be found hereafter, after the rebellion is over, that
there has been a mistake in this change, Congress
will have nothing to do but to restore the system
back to its original state, and there will be no dif-
ficulty growing out of our legislation upon the
subject. My object simply was to recall the at-
tention of the Senate to the point involved in the
bill and to strip it, if I could, from extraneous
influences.
Mr. MORRILL. As this bill has given rise to
a debate which seems likely to continue, and as
the bill abolishing slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia was put aside the other day to give place
to the naval appropriation bill, I appeal to my
friend from Michigan to allow this bill to subside
and let the Senate proceed with the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this bill leads to any fur-
ther debate, 1 certainly shali not press it now; but
I think the debate is ended; I believe we are ready
to vote.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow it
to go over, I think it will be better. It deserves
further consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lay aside this bill
and take up Senate bill No. 108.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 108) for the release of certain persons held
to service or labor in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. DAYIS. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me just a minute to suggest a matter to him
before he proceeds?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DAYIS. It may be that the speech which
the honorable Senator intends to pronounce may
cover the points which I have embodied in some
questions to him. If they do not, 1 should take
it very kindly if the honorable Senator will answer
the questions. I will read them.
1. Are slaves in the District of Columbia, and
in the slaveholding States, legally the subject of
property ?
2. Has Congress the power to deprive the own-
ers of lands and houses and lots situated in the
District of Columbia of that property?
3. What law or laws give the owners of real
estate in the Disiiiet of Columbia then right to
such pioperty? Inform us where such law or
laws may be found and read.
4. What law or laws give a different right and
title to slaves and to real estate ? Where can such
law or laws be found ?
5. Is or not the Constitution, and the laws of
the United States made in pursuance thereof, and
all the treaties made under the authority of the
United States, the supreme law of the land, which
all persons, without any exception whatever, are
bound to obey?
6. Is or not the Supreme Court of the United
States the pioper and final tribunal to judge and
determine all questions, whether in law or equity,
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, with unspeak-
able delight I hail this measure and the prospect
of its speedy adoption. It is the first installment
of that great debt which we all owe to an enslaved
race, and will be recognized in history as one of
the victories of humanity. At home, throughout
our own country, it will be welcomed with grati-
tude; while abroad it will quicken the hopes of
all who love freedom. Liberal institutions will
gain everywhere by the abolition of slavery at the
national capital. Nobody can read that slaves
were once sold in the markets of Rome, beneath
the eyes of the sovereign Pontiff, without con-
fessing the scandal to religion, even in a barbarous
age; and nobody can hear that slaves are now sold
in the markets of Washington, beneath the eyes
of the President, without confessing the scandal
to liberal institutions. For the sake of our good
name, if not for the sake of justice, let the scandal
disappear.
In early discussions of this question there were
many topics introduced which now command lit-
tle attention. It was part of the tactics of slavery
to claim absolute immunity. Indeed, without such
immunity it had small chance of continued exist-
ence. Such a wrong, so utterly outrageous, could
find safety only where it was protected fiom in-
quiry. Therefore, slave masters always insisted
that petitions against its existence at the na-
tional capital were not to be received; that it was
unconstitutional to touch it even here within the
exclusive jurisdiction of Congress; and that if it
were touched, it should be only under the aus-
pices of the neighboring States of Virginia and
Maryland. On these points elaborate arguments
were constructed; but it were useless to consider
them now. Whatever may be the opinions of in-
dividual Senators, the judgment of the country is
fixed. The rightof petition, first vindicated by the
matchless perseverance of John Gtuincy Adams,
is now beyond question, and the constitutional
power of Congress is hardly less free from doubt.
It is enough to say on this point, that if Congress
cannot abolish slavery here, then there is no
powerany where to abolish it here, and this wrong
will endure always, immortal as the capital itself.
But as the moment of justice approaches we
are called to meet a different objection, inspired by
generous sentiments. It is urged that since there
can be no such thing as property in man, espe-
cially within the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress, therefore all now held as slaves at the na-
tional capital are justly entitled to freedom, without
pricc or compensation of any kind to their mas-
ters; or, at least, that any money paid should be
distributed according to an account stated between
masters and slaves. Of course, if this question
were determined according to divine justice, so
far as we may be permitted to look in that direc-
tion, it is obvious that nothing can be due to the
masters, and that any money paid belongs rather
to the slaves, who for generations have been de-
spoiled of every right and possession. But if we
undertake to audit this fearful account, pray what
sum shall be allowed for the prolonged torments
of the lash? What treasure snail be voted to the
slave for wife ravished from his side, for children
stolen, for knowledge shut out, and for all the
fruits of labor wrested from him and his fathers?
No such account can be stated. It is impossible.
If you once begin the inquiry, all must go to the
slave. It only remains for Congress, anxious to
secure this great boon, and unwilling to embarrass
or jeopard it, to act practically according to its
finite powers, in the light of existing usages, and
even existing prejudices, under which these odious
relations have assumed the form of law; nor must
we hesitate at any forbearance or saciifice, pro-
vided freedom can be established without delay.
Testimony and eloquence have both been accu-
mulated against slavery; but on this occasion I
