3366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
the emoluments and superfluiticsof others. Upon
t\iis ground we can stand; and we ought not to
stand upon any other if we could.
I know that we have been subjected to unusual
labors and burdens. We hnve'been compelled,
in common with others in office and out, to bear
our share of the general calamity, a little more
than our relative share, if you please, but that is
the disaster of the times. The period in which we
are living is one of universal affliction; nobody has
escaped, nobody ought to wish to escape; self-de-
nial and sacrifice are called for; everything must
be done to diminish taxation to the uttermost, that
labor may be lightly burdened; and where is there
a more appropriate way to lop off one source of
public expenditure than to repeal all laws allow-
in" mileage to ourselves? Sir, let ua cut up the
whole thing, rootand branch. When we havedone
Wo, if there be any member having any peculiar
claim to consideration, any one who is compelled
for any reason to incur onerous expenses in reach-
ing his seat or returning home, we can provide
such reimbursement as may be just at a proper
time. But let us now do an act which will allow
us to go home with the consciousness that we have
contributed our just pioportion to lessen the pub-
lic expenditure;'let us pass such an act that will
place*every member of this House on an equality
as near as may be; which will enable every one to
serve out t4ie residue of his term, or if he. cannot
afford to do so, will enable him to resign and malte
room for somebody else who is willing to serve his
constituents without mileage or allowance of any
kind beyond his salary.
I am for a mileage reform. I am for a reform
that shall be a practical and simple one. Such a
proposition is now before us. We have it within
our power to eradicate a system which has long
been a ein and an abuse; and I call upon the gen-
tleman who introduced the original half-way prop-
osition, and upon every other gentleman, to join
hands in passing the bill. The question is not
what will the Senate do, or what will the Senate
think; but what ought wo to do, what should we
think. Let the Senate take its own responsibility.
If, in this time of public ngony and public pov-
erty, the Senate rejects or neglects a measure of
wholesome reformation, that i)3 the affair of the
Senate; and of those to whom Senators are an-
swerable; but we are bound to believe, and we
lmve no right to doubt, that a bill just in itself will
meet with ns much favor in the Senate Chamber
as in this Hall.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desireU> say juata word,
with the permission of the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 object to ilie gentle-
man from Indiana yielding the floor further unless
he yields unconditionally.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to say just a few
words upon this subject, and I trust the gentleman
will not object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, I object, unless the gen-
tleman from Indiana yields unconditionally.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield unconditionally,
for I have a word myself to say before I move the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, now that I have the
chance, I move the previous question.
The'SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, I trust if the.
gentleman from Indiana is entitled to the floor, lie
will finish what he 1ms to say, and give some one
eke the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will proceed with bis remarks, or yield the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I will finish what I proposed
to say and move the previous question. I desire
to say that the proposition introduced by me re-
ducing the mileage of Members and Senators to
one half the amount now given, was introduced,
going only to that extent, because I did not be-
lieve, nor do I now believe, that any proposition
more radical would pass both Houses of Congress
at this session of Congress. I believed that un-
der the circumstarfces that was as great a reduc-
tion as could be made of any practical effect by
passing thiS" House. The House differed with
me in opinion, and deferring as I always do to the
belter judgment of the House, I acquiesce in the
decision they have made, to require members not
only to forego the reception of mileage in future
butto refund to the Treasury that already received
by them during the present Congress. For one,
1 am perfectly willing to do that. I am perfectly
willing to place in theTreasury, or any where else,
my entire pay and mileage if it be required of ine,
lor I would scorn myself if I could receive any
income during a war like this that I would not be
perfectly ready to give at the call of my country.
Other gentlemen I know are as patriotic, and it
may be more so. _
1 am perfectly willing that this bill shall pass,
and I trust that it will be passed. I sincerely
hope the Senate will pass it, and that members
will be called upon to refund the mileage they
have received.
Now, sir, my proposition was to reduce the
mileage one half. The gentleman from Minne-
sota proposed to substitute, in the place of that
proposition, the abolition of mileage altogether.
The House adopted the amendment of the gentle-
man from Minnesota, and the question is now
upon the bill as amended. I shall vote for the
bill. _
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ilimois
will please wait until ho lias the floor to make Ins
motion. The gentleman fiom California [Mr.
Sargent] spoke of members receiving mileage
illegally. Sir, the law says, in just so many
wuids, (1 have not the exact language before me,)
that one mileage shall be paid at the first session
of a Congress, and another mileage at the com-
mencement of any second or subsequent session
of Congress.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will.
Mr.EDWARDS. I have only time to saythat
so much of the bill before the House as provides
that members of the present Congress shall refund
mileage received,is amere nullity. All the mile-
age received lias been received in accordance with
law, and it is not in the power of Congress to com-
pel any member of this House, or any person in
the Army or Navy, or any other service of the
Government, to pay back money which has been
legally paid to him. The law is clear and explicit
on this subject, and is as follows:
Joint Resolution in amend the act entitled li An actio regu-
late the compensation of members of Congress," approved
August 16, 1B5().
Rcsolvcd/ftr., Thai tho compensation allowed to mcm-
beia of Congress, by an aet entitled u An net to regulate the
compensation of members of Congress," approved August
16. 1836, bo paid in the following manner, namely : on ihe
llr>i day of tins tit>t se-Mott of fi;i<*h Congre^, or as «<oon
thereafter as he may be in attendance and apply, each Sen-
iitnr, Kepii M-iiiative, and Delegate shall receive hi*, mile-
age, as now piovidcd by In w, and all his*compensation trom
the beginning of Ins tenn, to be computed at ihe rate ot $"2.)0
p<-r month, -md during the sexMou compensation at the
same rate. And on the first day ot the second 01 any snb
hcqneut session, he shall reccive his mileage, a* now al-
lowed by law, and all compensation which has accrued
during tiic adjournment, tit the rate aforesaid, and during
said tseshlow compensation at the fame late.
Let every member examine it, and he will then
be ablo u>judge of the correctness of the position
assumed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It can be deducted
from the future earnings of members.
Mr. EDWARDS. No law of the kind can
prevent any member from receiving iiis pay.
Mr. WASEIttURNE. I rise to a question of
order. I understood the Chair to decide that if
the gentleman from Indiana yielded the floor, he
yielded it unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
must yield the floor or occupy it without inter-
ruption.
Mr. COLFAX. I yield the floor by moving
the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman,
, Bingham, Jacob B. Blah, Samuel S. Glair, Wake, Geoige
H. Browne, Wilkam G. Brown, Bufihiton^ Cobb, Colfax,
Fiederiek A. Conklimr, Roscoe Coukling, Covode, Co.\,
Culler, pavis, Dawe&, Duell, Eliot, Elj, l^essenden.Fouke,
Frank, Gaoeh, Goodwin. Granger, Gtirley, Haight, Hale,
Hanchett, Ifolman, Hutching, Julian, Kellej, Francis W
Kellogg, Killinger, T.<aw, Loomis, Low, McPherson. May,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill,Nixon, Noelh Oaoli,
Olin, Patton, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Edward II. Rolling, Ja ne« S. Rollins,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Smith, Spaulding, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele. Stevens, Stiles, Stratum,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Waiton, Wa<hburne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Window.
Wood, and Worcester—86.
NAY'S—Me&sis. Baily, Biddle, Casey, Clements, Cra-
ven-- Dunlap, Edwards, Fcnton, Guder, Hall. Hooper,
William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp,Lazear, Mallory,May-
nard, Menzies, Anson P. Mot rill, Pendleton, John S.
Phelps, Riddle, Saigent, Segar. Sloan, Francis Thomas,
Tumble, Trowbridge, and Wickliffe—29.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. UOSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vole by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the title so
as to make it read, " An act abolishing congres-
sional mileage."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to move an
amendment to that.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to amend by
adding "and for other purposes."
Mi. SARGENT. I propose to amend by add-
ing, "and for other purposes of buncombe."
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for tho previous question, and there were—ayes
42, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLFAX. If gentlemen desire to waste
time upon this I call for tellers.
Tel lei s were ordered; and Messrs. Shanks,and
Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The House again divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 49; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that there
be a call of the House. x
The motion was agreed to.
The Cleik proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob B. Blair, Burnham, Calvert, Chamberltn, Clark,
Clements, Conwav, Coming. Crisfiuld, Davis, Delano, Del-
aplaine, Divcn, Edgei ton. English, Fenton, Franehot, Uard-
lngj Harrison, Hickman, Iloiton, Knapp, Lansing, Leary,
Lovejov, McKean, Marnon, Anson P. Moinll, Moins,
Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Perty, Pomeroy, Price, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Sheffield, Vallandigham, Vandevcr,
Van Valkcnburgh, Van Wyck, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Waul, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Chilton A.
White, Woodruff, Woicester, and Wright.
Mr. SARGENT. How many members have
answered to their names?
Tim SPEAKER. One hundred and seventeen;
which is more than a quorum.
Mr. SARGENT. I move, then, that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to,
Thequcstion then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Loomis
and Buffinton tellers.
The previous question was seconded; the tellers
having reported—ayes 51, noes 43.
The main question was ordered.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. A message has been re-
ceived from the President of the United States,
which it is necessary should receive some action
on the part of this House. He asks that Congress
should extend the session for one day. There
must be some good reason for this request on the
part of the Executive. I move, therefoiu, that
this session be extended until Thursday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. ALDR1CH. It seems to me that there is
no real necessity for the extension of the session.
We have acted upon all the business which has
been brought before the House, and if there is
anything else we have plenty of time between now
and Wednesday, at twelve o'clock, m., in which
to consider it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, as a substitute for
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky,
