1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may be able to do for some years to come, I think
a light tax ought to be imposed, and not a heavy
one. I shall, th#efore> move an amendment to
the amendment, when I get-the opportunity, re-
ducing the tax from five dollars to two dollars.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe it is not in order
to move an amendment to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then 1 should like to have
the Senator from Ohio modify it by 
Mr.FESSENDEN. Letusvotc it down,and
not introduce cotton as a substitute for this, and
then we can put it in another shape.
Mr. ANTHONY. But suppose we do not vote
it down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can. There is no
question about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browninsj, Garble, Davis, Harris, Ilen-
deison, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Pomeroy. Pow-
ell, SauNbury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Doolittle. Fcssenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, XIai Ian,
Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Tiumbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot
—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
pending amendment by adding the following as
an additional proviso:
J3nd provided further, That the tax herein proscribed
shall not be levied or collected m any State where ,\ sys-
tem of gradual emancipation may have been adopted at the
time of the collection.
Mr. CARLILE. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to remark
that your tax must be equal under the Constitu-
tion. You cannot undertake to put it on some
States, and excuse others owning the same sort
of property. All taxes must be equal.
Mr. SHERMAN. A word in reply to the ob-
servation of the Senator from Maine. As a mat-
ter of course, when the issue of a slave will be
free, the slave himself is of comparatively little
value; and there is a reason, therefore, for voting
not to tax these persons or property—whichever
you choose to call them—in States where they
are practically of no value. There is that differ-
ence. A slave, unless in the value of his issue, is
of comparatively little value.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has nothing at all
to do with the constitutional question, whether
they are of little value or much. You must lay
a tax on the same thing in the same way in all
th<j Slates of the Union.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me remark to the
Senator from Maine, jt is not then the same thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they not own the
labor in the same way?
Mr. HENDERSON. They own the labor for
a given length of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; the tax is on
labor held for tei in of years or life.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is no right to the
in crease
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing is said of the
right of increase in the proposition. It would not
be a constitutional tax if amended in this way,
Mr. HENDERSON. I apprehend that under
a system of gradual emancipation it will at some
time end.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; but when
there is an increase there is another one to be
taxed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then you cannot tax it,
because he does not exist as a slave. There is no
difficulty, so far as the Constitution is concerned,
in reference to this amendment; there can be none.
Why, sir, is not a different character of tax levied
on different articles of property here? There is a
different character of tax levied on almost every
different atticle in this bill. However, I simply
desire to offer the amendment, and to state my
position.
2407
I am opposed to this tax entirely, and shall
vote against it in every shape and form. Sir,
what is the condition of my State to-day? Al-
most the entire property of the State has been de-
stroyed. Armies have marched over it from one
end of it to the other, and all the property of the
farmer has been taken by one army or the other.
The secession armies marching across the State of
Missouri, took not less than $5,000,000 of prop-
erty, and gave for it nothing but scrip, which is
a total and absolute loss in the hands of the farm-
ers. If this tax is levied on slaves, where will it
belevied? Where will it be collected? It will be
collected in Missouri, Kentucky, and Maryland.
I do not know how it is in Kentucky; I do not
know how it is in Maryland; but, sir, I have stated
on this floor, end I again state, that a majority of
the slaveholders of Missouri are loyal. 1 believe
to-day, as much as I believe any fact upon earth,
that a majority of the slaveholders in the State of
Missouri are loyal. Our property has been de*
stroyed. We as a State have been brought almost
to the verge of bankruptcy; and it is the case with
individuals m my State. We have all been over-
thrown and ruined. We have resisted this rebel-
lion as much as we could, and we intend success-
fully to resist it. We are not complaining about
any tax that may be levied. Why, sir, yester-
day the Senate decided that a very exorbitant tax
should be laid most especially upon the people of
Missouri, a tax which I demonstrated to be higher
than any other tax levied in this bill. This tax,
in a majority of cases, will be a tax upon loyal
men.
It docs not matter how much the slaveholders
of the country may be abused by the Senator from
Massachusetts. 1 do not propose to answer him
on that subject, either as to the barbarity of sla-
very, or the disloyalty of slavery. It is enough
for us to know that wc are loyal in Missouri, and
we intend to remain so, notwithstanding the dec-
larations of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
will remark to that Senator, thyt if he desires to
reunite this country again, if he desires that the
States of the South shall again be members of
this Confederacy, he had better not indulge in
language of this character. Sir, if I entertained
such feelings towards the slaveholders of the
southern States, if I believed they were barba-
rous and cruel, not worthy of fellowship with
me in this nation, I should at once prepare some
sort of proposition in this body to let them go, to
acknowledge their independence at once; for I
would scorn to live with them, or be a member of
the same political society with them.
But, sir, we resisted this thing. We saw that
a few men throughout this country were attempt-
ing to bring this state of affairs upon us. A few
men from this body, colleagues of the gentleman
here a few years ago, telcgiaphed from this Cham-
ber that the object and the design of the Repub-
lican party was to destroy the institution of sla-
very, and, in fact, to subject the southern States
to vassalage. Those telegraphic dispatches sent
throughout the southern States have bi ought about
the state of affairs that exists in the country to-
day. Three fourths of the people of those States
were loyal at the time. The lawless minority
seized upon the arms of the country, while the
loyal men did not see lit to go and arm themselves
by robbes y from the arsenals. The armories were
broken open; the country overrun; and you have
never removed that pressure from the people in
order that they may show their loyalty. That is
the condition of affairs.
I have said that I shall not vote for this tax at
all, for the reason that my people are not able to
bear it; but, sir, if you impose it, wc intend to pay
it, if we can pay it; and we shall exert the very
last energy that we possess in order to pay any
tax you levy upon us here. But, sir, sometime
ago, believing that this institution of slavery was
doing something towards keeping up this division
in the United States, that it was in the way of a
harmonious settlement, the Senate sometime since
passed a resolution holding out an inducement to
the border slave States to harmonize by adopting
a system of gradual emancipation. Why not,
then, encourage us a little further? Whyimpose
this tax, when in fact the result of it is to impose
it upon the loyal men, and you cannot reach these
extreme southern men in order to impose it on
them at all? Why not exempt us from it? It we
are getting rid of this eyil of which you complain,
give us some practical encouragement in that way.
Do you expect to collect this tax in South Caro-
lina? Will you collect it in Georgia? Not for
some time to come, at least. You cannot do it
during the first year; and this tax is a tax that
is to be levied upon only four States of this
Union.
Now, sir, there is no constitutional objection td
my amendment, and I hope it may be adopted. It
will, at least, show that there is some sincerity on
the part of those who offered inducements and
encouragements to the border slave States on this
subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itseems to me very clearly
the proposition of the Senator from Missouri can-
not be maintained. It is proposed to tax the ser-
vice or labor of persons who are bound to service
or labor for life or a series of years. That is the
proposition. The Senator from Missouri moves
to amend it, so that certain persons of that class
shall not be taxed at all while the others are. You
cannot do that. If the State of Missouri should
adopt, as I trust it may, a system of gradual eman-
cipation, these persons held to service or labor
will be held, if they are to be affected by this tax,
cither for life or a term of years; and if they are
held for life or a term of years, and you tax that
class of persons, is it possible to exempt them and
tax the_ others, because, forsooth, Missouri by
and by intends to abolish this system of slavery?
This bill applies not only to slaves 
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator, with his permission, I said nothing at all
about Missouri doing anything, either one way
or another. My amendment is not applicable to
the State of Missouri alone, but to any State that
may adopt a plan which was adopted by the two
Houses of Congress some time ago. Instead of
an absolute demand from Congress, it is at least
that much encouragement—a refusal to tax when
they shall have adopted a system of gradual eman-
cipation, thereby lessening their interest in the
property itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I referred to Missouri by
way of illustration. I did not say the Senator had
said Missouri would adopt a system of emanci-
pation at all. I only referred to Missouri as an
illustration, and might just as well have referred
to any other State.
The proposition is to levy a tax upon labor, not
upon persons; and that, in my judgment, is an
answer to the Senator from Ohio and his argu-
ment. It matters not whether the person who has
a right to claim that labor claims it for life or for
a series of years, according to the provisions of
this bill. The tax is to be put upon the person
who is entitled to the services of another person,
either for life or for a teim of years; and if you put
a tax upon that class of persons, you cannot say
under the Constitution that one man who has this
claim to the service or labor of another, as pro-
posed by the bill, shall pay the tax and another
shall not pay it. Itstnkes me that lsaclearprop-
osition. The question of gradual emancipation
can have nothing to do with it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am exceedingly anxious to
vote for this proposition in some shape or other.
I want to accomplish the same purpose the Sena-
tor fiom Missoui i has in view; but I do not want
to run athwart the Constitution in anyway. I
desire, therefore, to ask the Senator from Illinois
and some of the gentlemen who are more learned
on these subjects of the Constitution and the tax
bill than I am, whether we cannot reach the object
if we strike out the clause submitted by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, " heldfora term of years,"
and then add to it: " that this tax shall not apply
to persons held to serviceforashorterperiod than
during life?" In that way, if thatis constitutional,
we may be able to accomplish the purpose the
Senator from Missouri has in view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it is com-
petent to tax only that species of labor which is
for life, and then'it would only apply to that class
of persons; but you could not tax one man who
had a claim to the service of another for life, and
not tax another one. You musttax all alike; and
that is all there is of it. But the amendment as
proposed not only embiaces slaves, but it applies
to persons in the free States; and thatis another
answer to the Senator from Ohio. One man may,
by contiact, have a right to the services of another
