THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3307
to rescind the resolution by which the adjourn-
ment of the two Houses was fixed for Wednes-
day next, at twelve o'clock, m., which will leave
the whole matter open. On that motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the (able.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Neither the gentleman
from Pennsylvania nor the gentleman from Illinois
has the floor to make any motion. I would not
yield for a motion for indefinitely rescinding the
resolution for final adjournment. My proposition
is for the extension of the session one day, in
accordance with the request of the President of
the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not asked the gentle-
man to yield the floor to me to make my motion.
The gentleman from Kentucky yielded the floor,
and tne Speaker assigned it to me. I have the right,
therefore, to make my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky was still m possession of the floor, and the
Chair was under the impression that he yielded it
to th<? gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 do not yield the floor
to anybody. I demand the previous question on
my motion, that (the Senate concurring) the ses-
sion be extended until Thursday next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman to modify
his resolution so as to extend the session two days
instead of one.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I cannot accept that modi-
fication. My resolution is in accordance with the
request of the President of the United States. I
insist on the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 280) to establish and equal-
ize the grades of line officers of the United States
Navy;
An act (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled
" An act to create a metropolitan police district
of the District of Columbia, ancrto establish a po-
lice therefor," approved August 6, 1861; and
An act (S. No. 358) to prevent members of Con-
gress and officers of the Government of the Uni-
ted States from taking consideration for procuring
contracts, office, or place from the United States,
and for other purposes.
MRS. MARGARET BAILEY.
Mr. DUNN. I move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House bill of
the House No. 527, to secure one month's pay and
gerision to Margaret Bailey, widow of George
ailey, lieutenant colonel m the ninth regiment of
Virginia volunteers, which was returned from the
Senate with the following amendment:
Add to the second section granting a pension :
Fiom the 1st day of July 1862, to continue duiing her
widowhood.
Mr. DUNN demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS OE REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
An act (H. R. No. 561) in relation to the com-
missioned officers of the United States m the rev-
enue cutter service.
First amendment of the Senate:
In line five ot fcetion one, after the word '•'Senate,'3 to
strike out" and no officer not so nominated and confirmed
:it the end of the next session of Congress shall be consid-
ered an officei of the service."
Second amendment:
Insert at the end of section four, the following proviso:
Provided, That no change of rank by this bill shall in-
crease the pay to which such officer is now entitled by law.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the amendments of
the Senate be non-concurred in, and the House
ask for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Eljot,
Loomis, and Patton* managers of said conference
on the part of the House.
CAPTAIN A. II. FOOTE.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 101) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote,
United States Navy.
Amendment of the Senate:
Stake out "Clerk of the House of Representatives,"
and in lieu thereof inset tPiesidentof the United Slates."
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the Senate
amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION TO MASTERS UNITED STATES NAVY.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) to grant pen-
sions to masters and other officers of the gunboats
in the service of the United States, returned from
the Senate with sundry amendments.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to concur in the
amendments of the Senate.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
An act (H. R. No. 573) to impose additional
duties on sugars produced in the United States.
Amendments of the Senate:
Page 1, line five, after the word "levied," insert "an-
nually;" so that it will read :
Be it enacted, £c., That in addition to the duties imposed
by the act entitled n act to piuvide internal levenue to
Mippoit the Government and pay interest on the public
debt," npptoved July J, 1862, on all brown, muscovado,oi
clarified sugais produced directly fiom thesugarcane, there
shall be levied annually, &c.
Page I, hne fourteen, insert after the word "thereof"
these vvoida: "or of his agent or factor;" so that it will
read :
And such additional duty and the duty specified in the act
aforesaid shall be levied, collected, and paid on aJ! such
sugars, not manufactured tor consumption «n the family of
the producer, in the hands of tho producer or inanfacturer
thereof, or of his agent or factor, on the day of the approval
of this act by the President.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY RATION.
Joint resolution S. No. 96, authorizing a change
of the Navy ration.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY EXPENSES IN MISSOURI.
An act (S. No. 376) to allow to the State of
Missouri the moneys expended by that State in
arming and paying troops employed in the sup-
pression of insurrection against the laws of the
United States.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that the State of Missouri shall be enti-
tled to a credit against the direct tax appor-
tioned to that State by the "Act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,"approved
August 5, 1861, for all sums of money expended
by the State in the aiming,equipping, subsisting,
and paying of troops organized under the ordi-
nances of the convention of the State passeddur-
ina: the year 1861, and employed in concert with
the Federal authorities in suppressinginsurrection
against the United States, and enforcing the laws
thereof. For the purpose ofascertainingtheamount
due to the State for moneys so expended, the Sec-
retary of War is, by commission or otherwise, to
cause the accounts to be examined, and a report
made to him of the amount due, which being ap-
proved by the Secretary of War, and by him cer-
tified to the Secretary of the Treasury, the amount
shall be allowed to the State, and deducted from
the amount apportioned by the act of August 5,
1861, and the remainder only, if any, shall be col-
lected as therein prescribed. If the State shall
assume and pay into the Treasury the balance of
the direct tax, if any, at such time as may be fixed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or if the ex-
penditures shall be found to be equal to the tax,
the deduction or discount of fifteen per cent., as
prescribed in the fifty-third section of the act of
August 5, 1861, is to be allowed on the whole
amount thus apportioned.
It is further provided that in the adjustment of
accounts under this act, no greater rate of com-
pensation shall be allowed than was provided for
by all the laws of the United States applicable to
the arming, equipping, subsisting, and payment
of volunteers, in force at the time of the enroll-
ment of such troops of Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to put
that bill on its passage, and if there be any objec-
tion to it, I will make a few words of explanation.
At the time of the commencement of the dis-
turbances in the country, we had a Governor who
wasdisloyal; we had a Legislature which was dis-
loyal. Now, sir, that Legislature was convened
for the purpose of passing acts which should drive
Missouri into the ranks of the secessionists; in
other words, it was determined by the Governor
of Missouri and the members of the State Legis-
lature, that Missouri should cease to belong to
this Union. In pursuance of that determination,
an odious military act was passed for the organ-
ization of a State guard. Every organization in
that State liaving the semblance of a military or-
ganization, under that law passed by the Legis-
lature in May, 1861, was liable to be stripped of
whatever arms they had, which were confiscated
to the use of the State. It was made the duty of
commissioned officers of the State guard to con-
fiscate those arms. Provision was also made by
which men should be forced into the military ser-
vice against the Government of the United States.
We determined to resist it. The Legislature, a
year ago last winter, provided that a convention
should be held in that State to take into consid-
eration the existing condition of affairs in the
Union.
In pursuance of the act passed by that Legis-
lature, delegates to a State convention were elected.
It was expected by those who voted for that law
that the convention, when it should assemble,
would pass an ordinance severing the connection
of Missouri, so far as they could do it, with the
Union. Fortunately for us that convention de-
cided otherwise; and instead of adjourning sine
die, they adjourned to meet in the autumn, or at
such time as the president of the convention, or
an executive committee, might convene it.
The Governor of the State had convened the
Legislature in May, and they had passed this odi-
ous military law. In pursuance of that law they
levied troops, they assembled their army at Jef-
ferson City and Booneville; they were attacked
and dispersed; and afterwards they fought a battle
with Lyon at Wilson's Creek, where we were de-
feated.
Our convention was then assembled, in pursu-
ance of a call of the executive committee of that
convention. It met in July last. That conven-
tion deposed the Governor and the Legislature of
that State. We had no other way, except to at-
tempt a revolution in our own midst, for it was a
revolution, arid every man in that State was at
that time a rebel, either against the Government
of the United States or against the State govern-
ment. It became necessary, therefore, to depose
the chief Executive. He was deposed. It be-
came necessary to depose the Legislature. It was
deposed; and that convention, in the possession
of plenary power from the people,, repealed that
odious military law and adopted another.
Under that act, the new Governorof the State,
Governor Gamble, fueling that it was incumbent
upon him to preserve the peace and quiet of the
State, called out troops for six months' servicc.
There were between six and seven thousand troops
called into the field.
