1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447*
shall confine myself precisely to the argument for
the ransom of slaves at the national capital; al-
though such is slavery that it is impossible to
consider it in any single aspect without confront-
ing its whole many-sided wickedness, while the
broad diversified field of remedies is naturally
open to review. But at some other time the great
question of emancipation in the States may be
more fitly considered, together with those other
questions in which the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittx^e] has allowed himself to take
sides so earnestly, whether there is an essential
incompatibility between the two races, so that they
cannot live together except as master and slave,
and whether the freedmen shall be encouraged
to exile themselves to other lands or to continue
their labor here at home. It is surely enough for
the present to consider slavery at the national
capital; and here we are met by two inquiries so
frankly addressed to the Senate by the clear-
headed Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy:]
first, has slavery any constitutional existence at the
national capital ? and9 secondly t shall money be paid
to secure its abolition ? The answer to these two
inquiries will make our duty clear. If slavery
has no constitutional existence here, then more
than ever is Congress bound to interfere,even with
money; for the scandal must be peremptorily
stopped, without any postponement or any con-
sultation of the people on a point which is not
within their power.
It may be said that, whether slavery be consti-
tutional or not, nevertheless it exists, and there-
foie litis inquiry is superfluous. True, it exists
as a monstrous fact; but it is none the less im-
portant to consider its origin, thatwemay under-
stand how, assuming the form of law, it was able
to shelter itself beneath the protecting shield of
the Constitution. And when we shall see clearly
that it is without any such just protection, that
the law which declares it is baseless, and that 111
ail its pretensions it is essentially and utterly
brutal and unnatural, we shall have less consid-
eration for the slave tyranny, which, m satisfied
pride, has thus far—not without compunction at
different moments—ruled the national capital, re-
ducing all things here—public opinion, social life,
and even the administration of justice—to its own
degraded standard, so as to fulfill the curious
words of an old .English poet:
<c It serve?, yet leignes as King;
Tt lives, yet's drath; 11 pleases lull of paitie.
Monster ! ah, who. who can thy beci tf fai^ne?
Tliou Miapoiesbe shape, live death, panic pleasing, servile
leigne."
It is true, there can be no such thing as prop-
erty in man; and here 1 begin to answer the ques-
tions propounded by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.] If this pretension is recognized any-
where, it is only another instance of the influence
of custom, which is so powerful as to render the
idolator insensible to the wickedness of idolatry,
and the cannibal insensible to the brutality of can-
nibalism. To argue against such a pictension
seems to be vain; for the pretension exists 111 open
defiance of reason as well as of humanity. It will
not, yield to argument; nor will it yield to peisua-
sion. It must be encountered by authority. It
was not the planters in the British islands or 111 J!
the French islands who organized emancipation, !;
but the distant Governments across the sea, far !
removed from the local prejudices, wiioatlastfor- j
bade the outrage. Had these planters been left to j
themselves, they would have clung to thispreten-
sion as men among us still cling to it. Of course, ;
in making this declaration against the idea of <
property in man, I say nothing new. An honored j
predecessor of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. \>
Kekned?,"] whose fame as a statesman was ■'
ochpsed, perhaps, by his more remarkable fame 1
as a lawyei—I mean "William Pinknev, and it is ^
among the recollections of my youth thotl heard j
Chief"Justice Marshall call htm the undoubted i
head of the American bar—111 a speech before the ,
Maryland House of Delegates, spoke as states- 1
man and lawyer when he said; j
uSn, by the eternal piinoiples of natmal justice no mas- ;
let-111 the State hits a light to hold his slaves 111 bondage lor '
a single houi."
And Henry Brougham spoke not only as states- >
man and lawyer, but as orator also, when, in the ,
British Parliament, he uttered these memorable
Wulllv. I
•''Tell me not of light*.—talk not of the pioperty of the j
planter in lib slaves. I deny the right—I acknowledge not !
the property. The principles, the feelings of our common
nature, rise in rebellion against it. Be the appeal made Jo
the understanding or to the heart, the sentence is the same
that rejects it. In vain you tell me of laws that sanction
such a claim. There is a law above all the enactments of
human codes—llie hanie throughout the woiJd, the same in
all times: it is the taw written by the finger of God on the
lieait of man ; and by that law, unchangeable and eternal,
while men dospwe tiaud and loathe lapmeandabhorblood
they will reject with indignation ;he wild and guilty phan-
tasy that man can hold piopeity in man."
It has often been said that the finest sentence of
the English language is that famous description of
law with which Hooker closes the first book of his
Ecclesiastical Polity; but I cannot doubt that this
wonderful denunciation of an irrational and inhu-
man pretension will be remembered hereafter with
higher praise; for it gathers into surpassing elo-
quence the growing and immitigable instincts of
universal man.
If I enter now into a brief analysis of slavery,
and say familiar things, it is because such expo-
sition is an essential link in the present inquiry.
Looking carefully at slavery as it is we shall find
that it is notmeiely a single gross pretension, ut-
terly inadmissible, but an aggregation of gross pre-
tensions, all of them utterly inadmissible. They are
five in number: first, the pretension of property in
man; secondly, the denial of the marriage relation,
for slaves are " coupled" only, and not married;
thirdly, the denial of the paternal relation; fourthly,
the denial ofinstruction ;and fifthly, the appropria-
tion of all the labor of the slave and its fruits by the
master. Such are the five essential elements which
we find in slavery; and this fivefold Barbarism,
soutterly indefensible in every point, is maintained
for the single purpose of compelling labor without
wages. Of course such a pretension is founded in
foice, and in nothing else. It begins with the kid-
napper in Guinea or Congo; it traverses the sea
with the pirate slave trader in his crowded hold;
and it is continued here by virtue of laws which
representanclembody thatsame brutal forccwhich
prevailed in the kidnapper and the pirate slave
trader. Slavery, wherever it exists, is the triumph
of force, sometimes represented in the strong arm
of an individual, and sometimes in the stioug dim
of laws, but it is always the ssamc in principle. De-
pending upon force, he is master who happens to
be the stronger, so that if the slave were stronger
he would be master and the master would he slave.
Foraccording to reason and justice every slave pos-
sesses the same right to enslave his master which
his master possesses to enslave him. If this sim-
ple statement of unquestionable principles needed
confirmation,it would be found in the solemn judg-
ments of courts. Here, for instance, are the often-
quoted words of Mr. Justice McLean, of the Su-
preme Couitof the United States: " Slavery is
admitted by almost all, who have examined the
subject, to be founded in wrong, in oppression, in
■power against right/' (Jones vs. Vanzandt, 2 Mc-
Lean's Reports, 045.) And here are the words of
the supieme court of North Carolina: "Such ser-
vices [of a slave] can only be expected from one
who has no will of his own, who surrenders his
will in implicit obedience to that of another. Such
obedience is the consequence only of uncontrolled
author itij over the body. There is nothing else which
can operate to produce the effect." (Jarman vs.
Patteison, 7 Monroe's Reports, 645.) And the Su-
preme Court of the United States, by the hps of
Chief Justice Marshall, has openly declared in a
famous case, read the other day by the Senator
fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] that " slavery has
its origin in force." Thus does it appear by most
authoritative words that this five-headed Barba-
rism is derived not from reason, or nature, or jus-
tice, or goodness, hut from force, and nothing else.
Of course, here in the national capital, which is
under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress, the
force which now maintains this unnatural sys-
tem is supplied by Congress. Without Oongiess
the " uncontrolled authority" of the master would
cease. Without Congress the master would not
be master; nor would the slave be slave. Con-
gress, then, in its existing legislation giving sanc-
tion to slavery, is the power behind, which, here
in the national capital, enslaves our feilow-men.
Therefore does it behoove Congress to net in order
to relieve itself of this painful lesponsibility.
But this icbpousibihty becomes more painful
when it is considered that slavery exists at the
national capital absolutely without support of any
kind in the Constitution; and here again I answer
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Nor
is this all. Situated within the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the Constitution, where State rights cannot
pre vail, it exists in open defiance of most cherished
principles. Let the Constitution be rightly inter-
preted by a just tribunal, and slavery must cease
here at once. The decision of a court would be
as potent as an act of Congress. And now, as I
confidently assert this conclusion, which bears so
directly on the present question, pardon me if I
express the satisfaction with which I recur to an
earlier period, shortly after 1 entered the Senate,
when, vindicating the principle now accepted, but
then disowned, that freedom and not slavery is na-
tional, I insisted upon its application to slavery
everywhere within the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Constitution,and declared that Congress might
as well undertake to make a king as to make a
slave. Thatargument has never been answered;
it cannot be answered. Nor can I forget that this
same conclusion, having such important bearings,
was maintained by Mr. Chase, while a member of
this body, in that masterly effort where he un-
folded the relations of the national Government to
slavery, and also by the late Horace Mann in a
most eloquent and exhaustive speech in the other
House, where no point is left untouched to show
that slavery in the national capital is an outlaw.
Among all the speeches in the protracted discus-
sion of slavery, 1 know none more worthy of pro-
found study than those two, so different in character
and yet so harmonious in result. If authority
could add to the force of irresistible argument, it
would be found in the well-known opinion of the
late Mr. Justice McLean, in a published letter,
declaring; the constitutional impossibility of sla-
very in the national Territories, because, in the ab-
sence of express power under the Constitution to
establish or recognize slavery, there was nothing
for the breath of slavery, as respiration could not
exist where there was no atmosphere. Thelearned
judge was right, and his illustration was felicitous.
Although applied at the time only to the Territo-
ries, it is of equal force everywhere within the
exclusive jurisdiction of Congress; for within such
jurisdiction there is no atmosphere m which sla-
very can live.
If this question were less important, 1 should
not occupy time with its discussion. But we may
learn to detest slavery still more when we see how
completely it has installed itself here in utter dis-
regard of" the Constitution, and compelled Con-
gress ignobly to do its bidding. The bare exist-
ence of such a barbarous injustice in the metrop-
olis of a Republic, which has gloriously declared
that 44 all men are entitled to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness," is a mockery which may
well excite surprise; but when we bring it to the
touchstone of the Constitution, and consider the
actionofCongress,surprise isdeepened into indig-
nation.
But how, sir, was this foothold secured? When
and by what process did the national Government,
solemnly pledged to freedom, undertake to main-
tain the slave master here in the exercise of that
forte or " unrestrained power'5 which swings the
lash, fastens the chain, robs the wages, sells the
child, and tears the wife from the husband? A
brief inquiry will show historically how it oc-
curred; and'here again I shall answer the Senator
from Kentucky.
The sessions of the Revolutionary Congress
were held, according to the exigencies of war or
the convenience of members, at Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, Lancaster, York, Princeton, Annapolis,
Tienton,and New York. An insult at Philadel-
phia, in 1783, from a band of mutineers, caused
an adjournment to Princeton, which was followed
by the consideration, from time to time, of the
question of a permanent seat of Government. On
motion of Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, it was
resolved, 7th of October, 1763, that buildings for
the use of Congress be erected on or near the
banks of the Delaware, or of the Potomac, near
Georgetown, provided a suitable district can be
procured on one of the rivers aforesaid for aFed-
eial town; that the right of soil, and an exclusive
or such other jurisdiction as Congress may direct
shall be vested in the United States. (Journals of
Old Congress, vol. 4, p. 299.) Thus did the first
proposition ofa national capital within the exclus-
ive jurisdiction of Congress proceed from a repre-
sentative of Massachusetts. The subject of sla-
very, at that time, had attracted little attention;
but at a later day, in the Federal convention, this
