1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
Means, rather than to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RIDDLE. I do not rise to detain the
House with a speech upon this matter. My in-
formation does not enable me, if I were disposed,
to reply to the very ingenious and able argument
of Jhe distinguished chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
a moment. There is too much loud talking in the
Hall, and gentlemen will please come to order.
Mr. RIDDLE. I do not propose to tax the pa-
tience of the House with the necessity of listening.
The SPKAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to protect members in their rights.
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish to say a word or two
only in reference to one or two principles which
seem to be directly involved in the proposition
before the House. I do not care anything about
this contest between the leading newspapers of
the country and the distinguished gentleman at
the head of the Post Office Committee. Thatgen-
tleman is abundantly able to take care of himself,
and those great journals are certainly capable of
looking to their own interests. I do not know
the conductors of them personally, but I buy of
them as I buy my boots and shoes. This Post
Office machinery is no department of the Gov-
ernment, in any legal, constitutional, or other
sense of that term. It has nothing whatever to
do with politics; it has nothing to do with the
judiciary; it is no part of the Legislature; and it
has nothing whatever to do with the executive de-
partment of the Government. It is a bad use of
language, which has several times obtained on
this floor, to call this a department of the Gov-
ernment.
Yery early, and for very sufficient reasons, un-
questionably, the Government undertook to per-
form purely the functions of a dealer; undertook
to do for the people the transference of their cor-
respondence. The wisdom of that is not now
directly, perhaps, involved in this proposition.
And for the purpose of enabling the Government
the better to do it, they passed laws by which
they monopolized this entire business, and the
purpose of it was the transmission of the private
correspondence of one individual, or of depart-
ments of the Government, with persons with
whom they had business communications. The
Department was designed and established upon
the theory that those who employed it should pay
for that employment. Hence, in strict accord-
ance with that principle, the House decided the
other day that those classes of persons who had
been favored in this matter heretofore should be
favored no longer. That is exceedingly proper,
in my judgment; but, sir, it was not ouginally
the design 01 the purpose to make printed matter
mailable matter, at least not to any such extent
as that the Post Office Department was organized
for the transmission of printed matter.
"Now,'sir, whatis the relation of these newspa-
per manufacturers to this governmental agency?
I insist that these large leading dailies, or small
leading dailies, or no leading weeklies, sustain
exactly the same relation to this governmental
agency that everybody else in the land sustains to
it, to wit: when they wish to communicate by
private correspondence, over their own hands or
by clerks, they must use the post office organiza-
tion; but, sir, when they manufacture, as it is their
business to do, their journals, they manufacture
them lor the purpose of sale, just precisely as any
other manufacturer furnishes his articles to the
market. They use ink, to be sure, and paper, but
it is purely and simply a manufacture. They oc-
cupy simply that position, and they occupy none
other in relation to this governmental agency.
What right upon principle have you to say that
the manufacuufus of newspapers shall be com-
pelled to make use of your governmental agency—
which is but a usurpation of private enterprise—
to convey or dispose of their manufactured arti-
cles to their customers any more than you have
the right to compel the manufacturers of silk and
cotton thread goods, orpig iron,even, orany other
article, to use it ?
It is not enough to say that the Government
wants money. "VVo know that the Government
wants money; but does that authorize the Com-
mittee on the Pobt Office and Post Roads to say
that to supply this particular deficit they have a
right to tax tli's particular branch of business, for
they admit that it is a tax? Why should you tax
this particular branch of industry and production
any more than any and all others? it seems to
me that upon principle the measure so eloquently
and ably advocated by the gentleman from In-
diana is wholly and entirely indefensible.
As has been very properly remarked, this is a
revenue measure; it is put upon that ground; and
it does not follow that because exceptionally you
carry printed matter in the mails, that gives you •
the right to seize upon this special and peculiar
article of production, and tax it specially and pe-
culiarly to supply this particular deficit. Not at
all, in my judgment. Yet that seems to be the
principle involved here.
I desire to remark one single thing further. I
should have been very glad if the principle which
was involved in the fourth section of the bill which
was offered as a substitute for the bill abolishing
the franking- privilege by one of the gentlemen
from New York, [Mr. Duell,] looking towards
a remission of the governmental rights in favor of
the country press, had been adopted, as I think it
is entirely consistent with the principle'involvcd;
but I did not lise for the purpose of discussing
that question. I did not rise for the purpose of
discussing the details of this measure at all. I
only proposed to call the attention of the House
—and I presume it was hardly necessary—to the
principle which is directly involved in this bill.
We are called upon to supply a particular deficit
in the governmental revenues by a tax upon a
particular branch of industry, which sustains no
more intimate and necessary relation to thatbianch
of the public service than do all others. I am
therefore constrained to oppose the bill; and I now
move to lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. RIDDLE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want to say thatthc
Committee of Ways and Means ought not to have
this bill referred to them. We are considering now
how to raise revenue, and, among other things,
from stamps; and as that revenue, when it goes
into the Treasury, partly goes to sustain the Post
Office Department, 1 can see no reason why we
should be troubled by being called upon to raise
these revenues piecemeal. Let us have a revenue
bill as a whole. I hope the vote will be taken first
on the motion to refer with instructions; and if
that fails, then I will vote for the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will suggest a
way in which the sense of the House may be as-
certained. If the previous question is moved and
sustained, and the instructions aie not adopted, a
motion to lay upon the table can be made at any
time.
Mr. STEVENS. Cot suppose the instructions
are adopted, the bill will he sent to our commit-
tee. 1 am inclined to vote for the bill, but I do not
want it sent to the Committee of Ways aad Means
with the instructions proposed.
Mr. COLFAX. With the permission of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I desire to set myself light in regard to a point of
law, concerning which I have been criticised. I
observe an article in the Philadelphia Inquirer,
stating that I have misstated the law in regaid to
letters" sent by private hand in the communication
which 1 addressed to the New York Tribune; and
quoting the law of 1S45, permitting letters to be
sent by private hand. Hut the law of 1852, passed
after the stamp system had been adopted, pro-
vided that if letters weie sent outside of the mails,
they must be in stamped envelopes; and the law of
1553 goes on and provides that if any person shall
use, or attempt to use for such purpose, stamped
letter envelopes that have been before used, he
shall be fined fifty dollars The laws of 1852 ar.d
1653 qualify the law to which this writer refers.
1 only wished to vindicate myself in regard to that
matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely wish
to say that, if the motion to lay the bill upon the
table fails, 1 will then move to recommit it to the
Commiuee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
with instructions to report a bill laising the letter
postage from three to five cent?. That will cer-
tainly supply this deficit. 1 know of nothing else
that will.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ren^w the motion to lay the
whole subject upon the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. It is a test question. Everygen-
tleman who wishes to lay the bill on the table
wants to make a record, and I want to make a
record the other way.
The yeas and nays were ordered. . '
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 66; as follows:,
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Baker, Bingham, Samtiel
S. Blair, -Buffinton, Bmnhajn, Chamberlin, Clark, Cobb,
Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Cornmg, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Duell, Dinilap, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessowden,
Gooch, Grander,Gurley, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, Hutch-
ins, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, Law, Leary, Loomis,
Lovejoj. Monies, Nixon, Noble, Nocll, Perry, Alexander
II Rice/Riddle, Robinson, Edwaid II. Rolling James S.
Rollins, Sheffield, Sheiman, William G. Steele, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Tliomas, Train, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh,
Vihbard, Wall, Charles W. Walton, Ward, Whaley, Wood,
Wooduiff, Worcester, and Wright—61.
NAYS—Messis. Aiduch, Allen, Ancona, Babbitt, Bax-
ter, Biddie, Fiancit- P. Blair, Blake, Campbell, Clements,
Colfax, Cox, Cusfield, Cutler, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton,
Fouke, Gridoi, Ilaight, Hall, Hickman, Holman, Johnson,
Killmger, Knapp, Lansing, Lazeaj, McKmglit, McPherson,
Mallory, Maiston, Maynard, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill,
Norton, Nupren, Patton, Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Price, John H. Rice, Richardson,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sloan, John B. Steele, Ste-
vens, Francis Thomas, Tumble, Tiowbridge, Upton, Val-
landigham, Veiree, Voorhees, Wadswouh, Wallace, E.
P. Walton, Webster, Albeit S. White, Wilson, and Win-
dom—GO.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. B1DDLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lehman, was prevented from attendance at the
House to-day by reason of indisposition.
The question recurred on Mr. Blair's motion to
refer to the Commfflee of Ways and Means, with
instructions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed an act to authorize the
President to appoint two additional Secretaries of
"VVar; in which ho was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
NEWSPAPER POSTAGE—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend,
by recommitting the bill to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, with instructions to
report a bill raising the present price of postage
on letters from three cents to five cents; and on
that I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered, which was first on Mr,
Morrill's amendment.
Mr. COLFAX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 6, nays 122; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Harrison, Hoi ton, Justin S.
MoiuiJ, Francis, Thomas, and Worccstoi—6.
NAYS-—Mc-kis. Alien, Alley, Ancona, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Joseph Uaily, Baker, Baxter, Bcaman, Biddic, Bing-
ham, Fianeis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffiuton,
Binnham, Campbell, Chambeihn, Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Colfax, Frodeiiek A. Conkline, Ko^coe Conklmg, Conway,
Corning, Cox, Oristicld, Cutier, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Divcn, Ducll, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Fentnn, Fe«x(>nden, Fouk's Fiank, Guder, Guiley, Hale,
Hickman. Ifolman, [Jut^hins, Johnson,Kellcy, Francis W.
Kellogg, Killmger, Knapp, Lading, Law, Lazeai, Leaiy.
Loomis, Lovejoy, MeKmeht, McPherson, Mallory, Mais-
ton, Maynard, Menzies, Mooihead, Morris, Nixon, Noble,
Nocll, Norton, Nusen, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Poineioy, Porter, Piice, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
llichaid^on, Riddle. Robu^on, Edward II- Rollins, James
S. Rollins,Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,Sheffield,Sherman,
Shiol, Sloan, John B. hteele, William G. Steele, Stmtton,
Benjamin F.Thomas, Tiain, Trimble,IVowbiidge, Upton,
\ ailandigbam, Van Horn, Van Valkenlmigh, Verree, Vib-
!,ard, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Wall. Wallace, Chailes W.
Walton, E. P. Walton. Ward, Wn-iiburne, Webster. Wiia-
ley Albeit S. White, VVil-on. Windom, Wood, Woodun)',
and WiJgiit—122.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Blair's motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report a bill imposing
a stamp duty on newspapers m lieu of postages,
on payment of which newpapers may be trans-
ported without charge for postage.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment, to add the following proviso:
ProiuUA, That this act shall not apply to the transmis-
sion of newspapers* within fiity miles ot their place or puo-
heation.
