3B68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Let me here say, so far as Governor Jackson
was concerned, the Legislature in May placed the
whqle credit of the State at his disposal, and di-
verted the eleemosynary funds of the State to war
purposes—to the purchase of arms and army sup-
plies, and the payment of the State guards.
In tliis condition of things, it was incumbent
upon the State to pursue some course by which
we could prevent our being subjugated and driven
to pursue a course repugnant to our feelings, and
which would not have been in accordance with our
sense of duty. The Governor of the State issued
his proclamation calling for a number of troops;
and between six and seven thousand were called
into the service. They performed efficient duty,
and cooperated with other troops then in the field.
They rendered efficient aid in guarding and pro-
tecting railroads, in fighting some battles in that
State, and they were paid by the issue of treas-
ury warrants. The State of Missouri, poor as her
credit may be, or as you may estimate it, has paid
the troops which were called into the service by
Governor Gamble. The convention provided for
their payment by authorizing warrants or treas-
ury notes to bo issued; which were issued, and
which were receivable in payment of all dues to
our State.
Under and in pursuance of the provisions of that
act, and to fulfill the obligation which the State of
Missouri had incurred, ah indebtedness has been
thrown upon the State of from six to seven hun-
dred thousand dollars. Wo ask that this account
for military services, and for such supplies as
were nocessnry for these State troops, shall be paid
by the Government ofllie United Slates. We pro-
vide, under this bill, that this account shall be
settled by the Secretary of War, and whatever
amount shall bo found by him to be due shall be
certified by the Secretary'of the Treasury, and that
no other allowance shall be made to the men who
were in the military service of the State of Mis-
souri than such as would have been Mowed to
those men if they had been called into the mili-
tary service of the United States by the Presi-
dent.
We ask that this amount, whatever it maybe,
shall be regarded as a set-off against the direct tax
which is imposed upon that state, and that we
shall be entitled to the same, discount as if we had
paid ttte moneyAll the other States, I believe,
have been paid it in the expenses they have in-
curred in the military Berviee, and is it not right
that you should extend the sumo indulgence, the
same right to the State of Missouri which you
have extended to other States?
I desire to call the previous question upon the
passage of this bill. If there bo any objections to
the bill, I desire they shall be now maue, and if I
car) I will remove them.
Mr. TRAIN", t wpuld inquire of the gentleman
from Missouri if these home guards me the ones
of whom Colonel Mulligan said, " they wore in-
vincible in peace, and invisible in war."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Colonel Mulligan
slandered those men who were at the battle of
Lexington, But the bill does not embrace the
home guards. These troops were organized in
opposition to this very law, which was enacted
by our Legislature. It only embraces those who
were called into the service by the present Gov-
ernor of Missouri.
Mr. DUNN. It seems to me that this bill ought
to be adopted for the reasons stated by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, We know that this rebel-
lion broke out so suddenly that it was impossible
to ptaceourtroops immediately under any regular
government. The people of Missouri enlisted in
the home guards, and rendered efficient service,
as much so as those which were mustered into the
service through the regular course; and 1 can see
no just reason why they should not be paid.
Mr. F. A. CONIILING. I have listened atten-
tively to the gentleman from Missouri, and if I
have understood him correctly, he states that
those troops were called out in the State of Mis-
souri for the purpose of suppressing riots, protfect-
ing property, and preserving social and public
order; and he has attempted to establish an anal-
ogy between the State of Missouri and other
States, including my own.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will correct the
gentleman. If I so expressed myself, I did not
ujtehd to. These troops were called into real ser-
vice—Just the same service as the troops which
were called out in pursuance of the order of the
Government were engaged in.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. What ser-
vice did they perform?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They were, to a
considerable extent, engaged in protecting the rail-
roads over which our troops and military supplies
were being carried. They were not marched by
General Fremont to Springfield when he marched
his troops there, but they took the place of other
troops which had been guarding the railroad lines
which were interfered with, and on which trains
were liable to be captured and destroyed. These
troops thus called into the service performed their
duties under the order of the commanding gen-
erals-in-chiefofthal military department,Generals
Fremont and Hallock.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With that qualifica-
tion of the gentleman's remarks, I shall not trouble
the House with the few observations I proposed
to submit upon this subject. I understand him
now to state distinctly that these troops were un-
der the command and acted under the authority
of United States officers.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They did. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to bo read
a third time, and was read the third time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Did I understand the
gentleman to say that the estimated amount was
between six and seven hundred thousand dollars?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill provides
that these accounts of the State of Missouri shall
be adjusted by the Secretary of War, or under his
direction. It directs that, immediately after the
passage of this act, the Secretary of War shall, by
commission or otherwise, cause the accounts to be
examined, and a report made to him of the amount
due the State; which,being approved by the Sec-
retary of War, and by him certified to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the amount shall be allowed
the State, and deducted from its proportion of the
direct tax.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. At what
time were these troops enlisted, and what service
did they perform?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They were called
into the service of the Slate for a period of six
months by proclamation of the Governor.
Mr.THOMAS,ofMassachusetts. When were
they called out?
Mr. PHELPS,of Missouri. In the latter part
of hist summer, or the fore part of the autumn. I
think they were raised ill the months of August
and September, and, perhaps, some of them in Oc-
tober.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. How did
they come under the command of the U nited States
officers ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Governor of
the State was very willing to facilitate all the op-
erations of the Government of the United States,
and they served where it was indicated that their
services were required.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did they
render any other service ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They did.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. What was
it?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They took part
in several skirmishes. A Senator from Missouri,
at the other end of the Capitol, was in command
of a portion of them, who were engaged in one or
two skirmishes. They rendered most efficient ser-
vice. If it had not been for them we could not
have preserved the State. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and under
its operation the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sum IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Bill of the Senate No. 167, to authorize the ex-
amination of parties to suits in the courts of the
United States, and for other purposes, was next
taktn from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
Bill of the Senate No. 382. in addition to the
act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved 30th August, 1852," was taken up, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
FRAUDS IN CONTRACTS.
Bill of the Senate No. 350, to suspend tempo-
rarily the operation of an act entitled "An act to
prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers
intrusted with making contracts for the Govern-
ment," approved June 2, 1862, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to suspend the operation of
the act referred to until the 1st day of January,
1863.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This matter has
been already considered informally by the House
on a proposition to strike from the supplemental
civil appropriation bill the appropriation for the
salary of the clerk in the Bureau'of Returns. I
hope the House will pass the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to its being consid-
ered now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The subject has
been already considered by the House in the ap-
propriation bill which was up a day or two since.
The House then took a test vote on proposition
to strike out the appropriation of $1,200 for the
salary of the clerk in the Bureau of Returns, and
the House by a decided majority indicated a dis-
position to suspend the operation of this act, which
it is now proposed to suspend until the 1st of Jan-
uary next. The matter was fully explained and
considered at that time, and I move the previous
question on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, who
reported the act of which itisnowproposed to sus-
pend the operation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am quite will-
ing that that motion shall be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I submit the motion to
refer.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now call the
previous question. I hope the bill will not be
referred, but will be passed at once.
Mr. DUNN. At this stage of the session I
hope the bill will not be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. 1 can see no necessity what-
ever for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this subject open to de-
bate ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion being demanded.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and yield the
floor to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,]
but 1 hope he will renew the call.
Mr. DUNN. I will do so. This bill covers
the same question which was discussed in the
House upon an appropriation bill either yesterday
or on Saturday. The act refeired to in this bill,
and the operation of which it is proposed to sus-
pend, embarrasses the military operations of the
country. That act requires every contract made
by an officer of the Army to he putin writing, and
a copy of it to be filed in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior, and if that law were strictly car-
ried out, the operations of the Army must en-
tirely stop. Every one at all acquainted with the
military operations of the country knows that if
every contract made by an Army officer for sup-
plies must be reduced to writing, the operations
of the Army must cease. Frequently parties of
soldiers are on detached service, sent out on scout-
ing parties. They got hungry and" must have
supplies, and it is impossible that written con-
tracts can be made for such supplies, with the affi-
davit of the parties furnishing them that they are
the only parties interested in these contracts. The
object of the law was a good one, but it was so
imperfectly or improperly drawn as to defeat its
own purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. .1 desire to make an inquiry
of my colleague in regard to this act, the opera-
tion of which it is now proposed to suspend. The
bill originally passed the Senate during the ses-
sion of July last, and came to this House, and it
was here amended in some unimportant particu-
