1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2409
Mr. PORTER. I move that the farther con-
sideration of tint motion be postponed until Wed-
nesday next. I do this because I understand that
a large number of the members of the House are
going on an excursion, and that there will be a
thin House. 1 demand the previous question on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BLAKE. f demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. J move that
there be a call of the House.
On a division, there were—ayes 51, noes 53.
Mr. EDGrERTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G3, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AUlncb, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Blake, JJuHinton, Campbell,Cham-
berliu, Ciaik, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklmg, Roseoe Conk-
ling, Cutler, Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edaeiton, Edwanis, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Gooch, Gurley, Hanchett,'Hick-
man, Uoopei, Hutching Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lan-
ding, Looim-, Lovejoy. McKnight, McPhcrson, Mooihead,
An^on P. Moirill, Justin S. Morrill, Patton, Pike, Poineioy,
Porter, Potter, John II. Rice, liiddle, Edwatd H. Rollins,
Sargent, Shanks, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens. Tiowhridge,
Van Vnlkenburgh, Wall, E. P. Walton, Washbume, Albert
S. White, Wilson, and Windom—63.
Ancona, Baily, Biddle, Geoigc II.
Browne, William G. Krown, Calveit, Casey, Clements,
Cobb, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Delano, Diven,
Dunlap, Grander, Grider, Ilaight, Hall, Harding, Harrison,
Holman, Ilorton, Johnson, William Kcllosgj Kerrigan,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lehman, Mallory, May, Maynard,
Menzic*, Nixon, Nohic, Noell, Not ton, Nugen, Odell, Clin,
Pendleton. Perry, John S. Phelps, Timoth> G. Phelps
Price, Richardson, Robinson, Sugar, Sheffield, Shiel,
Hm«h, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratum, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, France Thomas, Tiani, Valiandigham,
Webster, Whalev, Wickhffe, Wood, and Woodiuff—66.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. D0ELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wheeler, was paired with Mr. Allen.
Mr. WADSWORTH stated that,at the request
of a valued friend, he had paired with Mr. Vax
Horn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Crisfield.
Mr. KELCEY (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. EDWARDS, i move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas none, nays 136; as follows:
YEAS—None.
NAYS—Messrs Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Ashlev,
Babbitt, B.nlv, Baket, Baxtoi, Hcainan, Biddtc, Fiancis P.
Blati, Jacob 'B. Ulan, Samuel S. Bhiu, Blake, Geoige II.
Browne, Will/am G. Biowu, fttifliumn, Calvert, Camp
bell, Casey, Chambeihn, Clark, Clements, Cobb, CoU.ix,
Frederick A. Conklmg, Itoscoe Conklnig, Cox, Ciaven-,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, DueJJ, Duniap,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden,
Fisher, Flank, Gooch, Granger, Grider, Gurley, n.uglit,
Hall, Haneheu, flaidmg, Harrison. Hickman, Flolman,
Hooper, Hoiton, Hutching Johnson, Julian, Kelloy, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kemgan, Knapp, Lan-
ding, Law, Lazcat, Lehman, Loom is, Lovojov, McKnight,
McPhcrson, Mallory. May, Maynnrd, Menzic-. Moorhead,
Anson p. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Noell,
Noiton, Nugen, Udell, Ohn, Patton, Pendleton, Peiry,
John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Poiter,
Potter, Price, John II. Rice, RichauHon, Riddle, Robinson,
Edward II. Rollins, Saigent, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shiel, Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele, William O.
Steele, Stevens. Stratton. Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thoma<=, Tiam, Trimble, Trowbridge, Valiandigham, Van
Valkenbuigh, Wall, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Weh-ter,
Whaley, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe,
Wilson, Wood, Woodiutfj and Woieester—136.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PORTER. I move that there be a call of
the House; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The House has refused to order a call of
the House; and I make the point that it is not
now m order to repeat that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn has
intervened.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is not such busi-
ness as will authorize the repetition of the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That has been the uniform
practice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think the practice has
been the reverse.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides the motion to bo in
order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Under that decision, then,
one fifth of the members of the House can prevent
any public business being done.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution provides
that one fifth of those present can order the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 63, nays 77; as follows;
YEAS^Mcssis. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baket, Baxter, Beaman, Ftancis P. Blair, Blake, Bufiinton,
Campbell, ('lark, Coltax, Fiederick A. Conklins, Covode,
Cutler, Davis-, Dawes, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards. Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, I<>cssendcn, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Guiiey,
Hanchett, Hickman, Hooper, Hutching Julian, Kellev,
Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy ? McPhcr-
son, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Moirill, Poni-
eioy, 1'orter, Potter, John If. Rice, Riddle, Edward 11.
Rolling Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens,
Van Valkenburgh, Yenee, Wall, 13. P. Walton, Wash-
burne, Albeit S^White, Wilson, and Windom—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Ros-
eoe Conklmg, Corning, Co*, Craven*, Crittenden, Delano,
Divcn, Dunlap. Dunn, Fisher, Granger, Grider, Ilaight,
Hall, llaulmg. Harrison, Holman, Johnson, Wilham Kel-
logg, Keiugah, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lehman, McKnight,
Malloiy, May, Maynaid, Mcnzies, Nixon, Noble, Noell,
Noiton, Nugen, Odell, Ohn, Patton, Pendleton, Perrv,
John S. PbcJps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Price, Aiexan-
doi II. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, JamesS. Rollins, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shicl, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiatton, Benjamin F. Thomas Francis Thomas,
Train, Trimble, Trowhndge, Valiandigham, Voorhees,
Webs-tor, Whaley, Wickhffe, Wood, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—77.
So a call of the House was refused.
During the call,
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
was paired wuh Mr. Crisfield.
The question recurred on the demand, by Mr.
Holmax, for the yeas and nays upon the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 69, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
George H. ftiowno, William G Brown, Calveit, Casey,
Clements, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Ciavens, Crittenden, Del-
ano, Divcn, DmiJnp, Dunn, Knghsh, Granger, Gurfei,
Ilaight, Hall, Hauling, Harri-on, Holman, Horton, Johnson,
William Kellogg, Kerngan, Knapp,Law,Lehman, Mallory,
May, Maynaid, Menzies, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Noiton, :
Nugen, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, John tf. Phelps Pnce^ :
Alexandt" 11. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, James S, Rol-
lins, Segai. Sheffield, Shiet, Smith, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Tuun, Trimble, Valiandigham, Vooihee^, Web-
ster, Whaley, WiekhfFe, Wood, and Woodruff—69.
NAYS—Messis. Aldtich, Alley, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman. Francis'p. Blan, Blake, BuUmton,
Campbell, Chambotlin, Claik, Coltax, Fredenck A. Conk-
ling, Ro-coe Conkhng, (Covode, Cutler, Davis Dawes,
Duell, Edgei ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fe'wnden, :
Frank, Gooch, Uuod'.wn, Guiiey, Hanchett, Hickman,
IIoopoi, Hutcluns, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPhcrson, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morull, Justin S. Mornll, Olin, Patton,
Timothy G. Plieip-s Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John
H. Riee, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sloan. Spaulding, Stevens, Tiowbridge, Van
Valkenbutgh, Verree, Wall. E. P. Waliou, Washbume,
Albeit S. White, WiUon, Wmdom, and Woicester—73.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
During the call,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Wallace
was confined to his room by indisposition, and
was paired with Mr. Lazear.
Mr. MORRIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Shellabarger, otherwise he would vote in
favor of laying the motion on the table.
The previous question was then seconded,and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays \m*e not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone until Wednesday next; and it was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
this business may come up on Wednesday next
immediately after the leading of the Journal.
Mr. COX. It is not a special order, is it? j
The SPEAKER. It is not, but it can bd called |
up at any time on that day. The Chair desired
to make this statement because some gentlemen
seem to be under the impression that there must
necessarily be a morning hour every day.
Mr. MENZIES. Can any one call it up?
The SPEAKER. Any member can call itup,
but the gentleman making the motion will be en-
titled to the floor when it is called up.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was postponed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Oh, no, do notdo that;
maybe we can get somebody to move a reconsid-
eration.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for re-
ports.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union
upon the special order, being the Senate bill for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts within the United States, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, (Mr. Richardson in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 292) for the collection of direct taxes
in insunectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes, reported back from
.the Committee of Ways and Means with amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the first section, as follows:
That when in any State or Territoiy, or in any portion
of any State or Territoiy, by reason of* ni&uirection or re-
bellion, the civil authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States is obstructed so that the piovjsions of the act en-
titled " An act to provide increased revenue from imposts,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved Augunt 5, 1861, for assessing, lev>mg, and col-
lecting the direct taxes therein mentioned, cannot be peace-
ably eveoutcd, the .-aid direct taxc>, by said act apportioned
among the several States and Ten Hones, respectively, shall
be apportioned and charged in each State and Territory, or
part thereof, wherein the civil autbonty is thus obstructed,
upon all the lands and lots ot giound situate therein, re-
spectively, cxceptsuch as are exempt from taxation by the
laws of said State or of the United Stdtes.as the said lands
or lots of giound wme onumeiiited and valued under the
last assessment and valuation thereof made under the au-
thoniyof *aid State or Territory previous to the istdayof
Januaiv, A. D. 1861 •> and each and every parcel of the said
land-, according to said valuation, aie hereby declared to
he, by \irtuc of this act, charged with the payment of so
much ot the whole tax laid and appoitioned by '•aid act
upon the State or Territory wherein the same are respect-
ive! v situate, as shall hear "the snmt; dire< t proportion to the
whole amount of the direct tax appoitioned to said State
or Teiritorv as the value of said paicels of land shall re-
spectively bear to the whole valuation ot the real estate m
^aid Suite orTerutory accoidmg to the said assessment and
valuation made under the autliouty of the same: and in
addition to the amount so charged on said lands, there bhall
be ehaiged an amount sufficient to pay all the expenses to
be incurred in collecting such tax, including the salaries of
all commissioners and officers appointed under this act.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendments:
Line twenty-two, after the word "valuation,"strikeout
aie," and insertis line twenty-live, after " same,"
stuke outdare," and insert " is and in line thirty-five,
after the word £> act," insert" and in addition thereto a pen-
alty oi fifty per cent, of said tax shall be chargcd thereon."
The amendments were agreed to.
The Clerk read the second section, as follows:
Si:r. 2, Jind be it further enacted, That on or before the
loth day ot June next the President, by bus proclamation,
shall declare in what States and parts of States said msur-
icction exists, and theieupon the said several lots or par-
cels of lands shall become charged respectively with their
respective portions of said direct tax, without any other or
j lurther proceeding whatever.
j The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendments:
Strike out "loth day ot June," and insert " 1st day of
Julyalso, after the word u tax," insert " and the same
together with the penalty shall be a hen thereon."
The amendments were agreed to.
The Clerk read the third section, as follows:
Sec. 3 And be it further enadec?, That it shall be lawful
for the owner or owners of said lots or parcels of land,
within "Hxtvdajs thereafter, to pay this tat thus chargcd
