mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
act entitled ** An act to settle the titles to certain
lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians in Kansas Territory, approved
May 26,I860,andrepeals, also,so much ofthe first
section as authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to decide who shall be the heirs of the deceased
Indian reservees mentioned in the act.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think this had better
go to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I hope
they will amend the title so as to show what the
resolution is about.
ALDR1CH. If the gentleman will allow
the law to be read , portions of which this repeals,
he will sec what it is about, and I think he will
see the propriety of it.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
Whereas, by the sixth articlc of a treaty made and con-
cluded at the city of St. Louis, In the Slate ot Missouri, on
the 3d day of June, 1825, between the United States of
America and the Kansas nation of Indians, there was re~
t*wv< d from the lands ceded by said treaty to the United
States by the Kansas nation of Indians one mile squaii* ot
land for each of the half-breeds of tbo Kansas, nation named
in the said sixth niticlc, which land has been surveyed and
allotted to each of thesnid half-breed> in thcordei in which
thev art* named in, and in accord.nice with, the provisions
of the s-aid Mxth aitiele of Mini treaty; Therehne,
JSc it cvoctcd b\j the Senate and House of Itepresoitotivcs
ofthe United States of American i Congress ossembluJ, Th.it
all tho tul<\ interoM, and estate of the United State* is
hereby vested in the said rcserveca who are now living, to
tin* land reserved, set apart, and allotted to them respect-
ively by the Mini flxth article of j?aid treaty ; and in case
any of the said re^erveesnanicd in the said sixth article aie
deceased and leaving heirs, then all the title. Intel est, or
estate of the United States to the land allotted to Mich de-
ceased re*>orvees, is horeby vested and continued in fneli
peixonx as shall liv the Secictaiy or the Interior be decidod
to be the heiis of &>uch deceased icservees; but nothing
herein contained shall be confined to give any force, efti
cacy, nr binding e/leei to nnv contract, in wiitmg or other-
wise, for the sale or disposition of any lands named in this
act, heretoloie made by au> of snid usnvcch ortlieii hens.
Hnc. Q. •And be it further cnctctc</,Tbat in ea^e any of the
reseivectfiiow livinu, or the heir* of any deceased rescivees,
shall not desire to reside upon, or occupy the lands to which
such reservees oi hen  are entitled by the provisions* of this
uct, the. Secretary of the intei ior. when requested by them or
either of litem so to do, is hereby authoii/.ed to sell such
land* belonging to those so requesting him, for the benefit
ofsueh reservees, or such heirs; and the Secretary of the
Interior is also authorized to sell, with the assent ot the
Kansas nation of Indians, tho lands allotted to the reseivees
who are deceased, leaving no heirs, for the benefit of the
living reservees their heirs, and the heirs of those deceased,
equally $ wild lands to he. sold in accordance with such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Atfalrf, and approved by the Secretary of
the Interior; and patents in the usual form filial! he Issued to
tiie purchasers of said land > in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act.
Sho. 3. ,/?«<! he U farther enacted, That the pinceedsof
the land, the sale of'which is piovidedfurby this act,shall
he paid to the paitles entitled therein, oi applied by the
Secretary of tho fntorJor for their benefit, in «ueh manner
as lie mav tbinlc most advantageous to their interest.
Mr. WASMBURNK. I understand what the
resolution proposes to do. I think this was a very
imptoper power to vest in the Secretary of the lu-
tcnor, and I hope the resolution will bo passed.
I withdraw my motion to refer to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third rend-
ing, anditwasacoordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the title, so
that it will read:
A bill relative to certain half-breed lands in Kansas.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will suggest
that that will not indicate what the joint resolu-
tion is. The object is to repeal ccrlain portions
of an act already passed.
Mr. ALDIUCH. If there be no objection, I
will suggest that the title remain as it is. If it is
amended,it will have to go back to the Senate.
Mr, COLFAX. There will be no difficulty in
(he Senate concurring in the amendment. I mod-
ify my amendment, so as to make it read:
Joint resolution to repeal the second arid third sections
of an act to >ettle the titles to certain lands set apart fertile
use ot certain half-breed Indians in KansasTeriitory, ap-
proved Ma> IttfU.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, a* amended, was agreed to.
PJUNTTNG OF FCNSION AM) BOUNTY LAWS, ETC,
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on Print-
ing to repoi t the following resolution:
. Resolved. Thai ten thousand copies of an act of the pres-
ent Uongre&-. entitled -cAn aet to grant pensions;" and a^o
of all other acts and parts of acts in operation at the close
ofthe present &e?sion, i elating to bounty, back pay, or pen-
sions, to officers or men ot the Aiinv, or to ollicers or tea-
men i« tho Navy, who-ve light*- have accrued, or may ac-
crue during the existing rebellion, together with all forma,
regulations, and instructions prepared, or being prepared
by any Department or bureau of the Government relating
thereto, be printed for the use of the House.
I will merely eay that the resolution has been
modified as suggested by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] and the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] and that
the matter which has been added will embrace
about twenty-two pages.
The resolution was adopted.
PRINTING OF NATIONAL CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a privi-
leged question. This moVning the gentleman from
Vermont reported a resolution to print five thou-
sand copies of a bank bill referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. I then moved to lay the res-
olution on the table, which motion prevailed. I
understand that there is a great desire to see the
bill, even in its present state, before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and I think it is due to
its distinguished author that itshould be printed.
I therefore move to reconsider tho vote by which
tho resolution was laid on the table.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. Th.it five thousand copies of House bill No. 568,
to piovidc a national currency, secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States stock, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption theteof, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. COLFAX called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olin, and
Blair of Virginia, were appointed.
The House divided; and. the tellers reported—
ayes 15, noes 80.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the report of
the Committee on Printing.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
On a division there were—ayes 78, noes 24.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The report was adopted.
tXmilECTION OA CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution for
the purpose of correcting the confiscation act.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
Theie is no confiscation law as yet,and therefore
theic is no law to correct.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the rules
in order thatl may introduce the joint resolution.
Mr. PHRLPS, of Missouri. I should like to
have the law read which that resolution proposes
to correct.
On a division, there were—ayes 72, noes 76.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRAIN. Before that motion is agreed to
we ought to fix an earlier hour of meeting than
twelve o'clock. As we have passed a resolution
extending the session one day, it is necessary to
know what action the Senate have taken upon it.
I move, therefore, that the meeting of the House
to-morrow be at ten o'clock instead of twelve.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The House refused to adjourn.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurred in theiirstamend-
mcnt of the Senate to the bill imposing additional
duties on sugars produced in the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendment
be non-concurred in, so that the bill may be sent
back to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF CONFISCATION BILL AGAIN.
* The question recurred on Mr. Maynard's mo-
tion to suspend the tales.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wa  taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bingham, Samuel S. Blaii, Blake, Buffinton, Gamp-
bell, Clements, Colfax, Cutler, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Fessenden, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley,
Hale, IlancheU, Hooper, Hatching, Kelley, Francis W.
Kcllogs, William Kellogg, Killingur, Looruis, Lovejoy,
Low, MoKnight, McPherson, Maynnid, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell,
Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Poitei, Potter, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Edvvaid H Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabarger. Stevens, Stiatton, Trimble, Tiovv-
brid®e, Van Horn, Vefree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wash-
burne, Wih-on, Windotn, and Worcester—68.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Daily, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Fiederick A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Uox, Ctisfield,Dun!ap, Granger, Ilaight,
Hall, Ilolmnn, Jackson, Knapp, Lazear, Menztes, Olin,
Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Ftancis Thomas, Ward, Wcbstei, and Wicklifle—«33.
So the rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
During the vote,
Mr. TRAIN stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wadsworth.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to state the neces-
sity for the passage of this joint resolution. On
examining a copy of the confiscation act, I find
that the word " hereafter" is left out, so that it is
retrospective as well as prospective in its action.
In another place the language of the bill is dis-
junctive, when it should be conjunctive. The
effect of my resolution will be, that no judge or
member of a State Legislature shall be brought
within its scope, unless he gave his adherence to
the confederate States by oath to support the con-
federate constitution. Such I am sure was the
intention ofthe conferees. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was ordered to engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. X move that the House con-
cur in tho amendments of the Senate to the sup-
plemental civil appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motiort was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. STEVENS moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
The motion was agreed to.
*DR. WILLIAM TREAVITT.
Mr. COX. I move that the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill JSio. 556, for the relief of Dr. William Trea-
vitt.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. COX. 1 move, then, that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose which I have indicated.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHfitJRNE,
(at a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until eleven o'clock to-morrow morn-
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 16, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The reading is dispensed with.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
