2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look
a little further on, he will find it provided in the
eighth section that a loyal person may have two
years in which to redeem his property.
Mr. EDWARDS. I was not aware of that,
and will therefore withdraw my amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend, in the fifty-
fifih line, by inserting, after the word " minor,"
the words " and loyal to the United States." The
clause will then read:
And provided further, That if the owner of said lots of
ground shall be a minor and loyal to the United States, a
non-resident alien, or loyal citizen beyond seas, a person of
unsound mind, or under a legal disability, the guardian,
trustee, orotherperson having charge of the personor estate
of such person may redeem the same at any tune within
two years after the sale thereof, in tUe manner above pro-
vided and with like effect.
Mr. OLIN. I will suggest to the gentleman
that he may be so much a minor that it, would be
very difficult to ascertain whether he is loyal or
not. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I should like to
ask the gentleman from Wisconsin how he would
ascertain the fact that a child six months old was
loyal or disloyal ?
Mr. POTTER. 1 understand that this section
as it now stands would permit a man in arms
against the United States, if he is under the age of
twenty-one years, two years to redeem his prop-
erty sold for taxes. I certainly think it would be
improper to extend that privilege to a person in
arms against the United States. I will, however,
modify my amendment so as to make it read: "* a
minor and not disloyal." That will remedy the
difficulty which has been suggested.
Mr. BIDDLE. By looking to the thirty-sev-
enth lino of the section the gentleman will per-
ceive that in any case the loyalty of the person
must be considered by the terms of the bill. Al-
though he may come in and redeem property
wlrich has been sold for taxes under this bill,yet
the penalties attached to disloyalty under other
enactments will apply to him if he be disloyal.
The language of the thii fy-seventh line is, that
ii the owner of said lots of ground, or any loyal
person of the United States having any valid lien
upon or interest in thesame,',&c. Itscems to me
that as the requirement is not made of the loyalty
of the adult owner, we ought not to make it of
the juvenile owner. I do not know whether that
was the intention ot the frameisof the bill, or
whether I have properly lrfterpreted it. Gentle-
men can place me right if I am wrong.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will lookatlines forty-one and
forty-two, he will see the qualification.
Mr. BIDDLE. That may be in reference to
the requirements of the adult owner; but I do not
understand that the gentleman corrects my impres-
sion. The question of loyalty is not considered
as to the adult owner by the thirty-seventh line.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The thirty-sev-
enth line is qualified by what follows in the forty-
first and forty-second lines. It is there qualified,
if a citizen, upon taking an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States," &c.
Mr. BIDDLE. So I understand it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If a person takes
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States he is to be considered as loyal, unless the
contrary is made to appear.
Mr. BIDDLE. I so understand; yet,I do not
understand that the amendment would make the
requirements of minors accord exactly with the
requirements in rejrnrd to adults.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the gentleman
from Wisconsin will withdraw his amendment.
There can be but few cases of the kind supposed.
The great body of the minors would not be af-
fected. They will neither be loyal nor disloyal.
I hey will not have attained the age when they can
take ail intelligent part in public affairs. When
the party comes of age, we require him to take
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
.States. If he has taken up arms against the Gov-
ernment, and then comes forward and takes the
oath ot allegiance, we ought to be satisfied. I
hope that the: amendment will be withdrawn.
fi1; 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. IlloivMAN. 1 understand that there is
no amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
tiie section is pending.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to add to the seventh
section the following:
And provided farther, That the certificate of said com-
missioners shall only be affected, as evidence of the regu-
larity and validity of sale, by establishing the fact that said
property was not subject to taxes, or that the fax^s had
been paid previous to sale, or that the property had been
redeemed according to the provisions ot Uus act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question will have first to be taken on the
motion to strike out.
Mr. HICKMAN. My object is to perfect what
is proposed to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Chairman, I think that
it is perfectly apparent that this proviso should
pass into the law; unless it does, there will be few
sales that will not be affected under it. If the
owner shall be able to prove the slightest irregu-
larity in the proceeding, cither ^that'one cent too
much tax was charged on the property, or that
notice was one half day too short, or any other
irregularity of the most trifling chaiacter, the sale
would be utterly void, and 110 title would vest in
the purchaser.
The section as it stands is liable to the very
objection which the chairman of the Ways and
Means thought he had guarded against. I sug-
gest it is absolutely necessary, if you wish to
make this art effective, that some change should
be made in it; and I do not see, on the spur of
the moment, what better we can do than insert
my amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether he would not extend the
amendment so as to give those who have not had
notice an opportunity to pay these taxes.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is the very thing I
would not provide for. If these men are absent
in the rebel army, I would not require a notice to
be served on them for the purpose ofbringing the
matter to their attention. They ought to be at
home attending to their business, where they could
receive notice. I think that nothing further should
be allowed to affect the sale than these three mat-
teis: first, that the property was not subject to tax;
secondly, that the tax had been paid previously
to the sale; and thirdly, that it had been redeemed
according to the provisions of the act. If a man
is in the rebel army, and if the whole family arc
not rebels, the tax will be paid. If he was absent
from his property, I would not allow him the
advantage of not receiving notice. We ought to
punish him for not being there.
Mr. EDWARDS. Suppose he is loyal ?
Mr. HICKMAN. That is scarcely a suppos-
able case. The bill is guarded in that particular.
He has two years to redeem the property.
Mr. Hickman's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIVEN. I desire to call the attention of
the members who have this bill in charge to the
defects, in my judgment, of this section. It seems
that the owner or any party having a lien may
redeem the property within six months, and pro-
vision is made to pay the purchaser the money he
has paid for the property, with interest thereon.
In this Government wc have no fixed rate of in-
terest. It seems to me that the rate of interest
ought to be fixed, or that it should be provided
that the same rate shall be allowed as is allowed
m the State where the property may be located.
Now, in reference to another point. This op-
portunity of redemption is given to the parties
having a lien. In proceedings of this kind, so far
as I know, the right of a party having a lien ex-
ercises that right after the owner's right has ex-
pired. For instance, in the State of New York,
when land has been sold on ajudgment, the debtor
has one year within which to redeem. After the
expiration of this year, any creditor having* a lien
has six months within which to redeem. Here,
by this bill, the day after the sale the creditor may
come in and redeem; and after the creditor has
thus redeemed, I do not see that the owner lias
the right to redeem. If he has, he ought to be
required to pay the amount which the lien creditor
paid on his ledemption. No such piovision is
made.
Again: in the eighth section there is no provis-
ion made for a case where the creditor may within
six months have been relieved.
It seems to me that some amendment ought to
be made which will cure these defects. I suggest
the matter to the committee.
Mr. Olin's motion was rejected.
The eighth Section of the bill was read, as
follows:
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted,Thatntar\ytimQ within
one year after the said sale by said commissioners any
person, being the owner of any lot or parcel of ground at
the passage of this act, who will, by sufficient evidence,
piovc to the satisfaction of said board of commissioners that
lie oi she, after the passage of this act, has not taken pait
in the present insurrection against the United States, or m
any maimer aided or abetted the same; and that, by reason
of said insurrection, he or she has been unable to pay said
tax, or to redeem said lands from sale within the time above
provided for, the said board of commissioners .may allow
him or her further time to redeem the same, not exceeding
two years from ihe day of sale; and for this purpose they
may take tbe testimony of witnesses, and shall reduce the
same to wilting; and the United States, or any person
claiming an interest in said lands, may appear and oppose
the said application. From their decision the United States,
or any paity in interest, may appeal to the circuit couit of
the United States for said district, which is hereby author-
ized to take jurisdiction of the same, as in other cases in-
volving the equity of redemption. And in case said board
of commissioners should, for any cause, cease to act before
the expiration of one year after said sales, the said circuit
court shall have original jurisdiction of the proceeding lor
redemption, as herein provided, to take place before the
said boaid of commissioners.
The amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means were severally read and agreed to, as
follows:
In line four strike out tbe word "will," and insert
"shall;" and in line eighteen strike out the word "cn-
cuit," and insert " district.*'
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to strike
out the word t{ circuit," in the twenty-third hne,
and to insert 4< district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The ninth section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in cases where
the owners ot said lots and paicels of ground have aban-
doned the same, and have not paid the tax thereon as pio-
vided for in the third section ot tins act, noi paid tile same,
nor ledccmed the said lands fiom sale as provided for in the
seventh section of this act, and the said board of commis-
sioners shall be satisfied that said owners have left the same
to join the rebel foices or othei wise to engage in and abet
tins rebellion, and the same fchall have been struck off to
the United States at said sale, the said commis^ionris shall,
in the name of the United States, enter upon and take pos-
session of the same, and may lease the same, together or i'i
parcels, to any peison oi pet sons until the said lehelhon and
indirection in said State shall be put down and the civil
authority or'the United States established, and until the
people of said State shall elect a Legislature and State ofti-
cets, who shall take an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, to be announced by the pioclamation of
the Piesidcnt, and until the 1st day of March next tlieie-
after, said lea->e^ to be in such form and with such seeuiitv
as shall, in the judgment of said commissioners, produce to
the United States the greatest revenue, subject, however,
to the approval of the Piesident.
The amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means were severally read and agreed to, as
follows:
In the thirteenth line, after the word " persons," insert
" who aie citizens of the United States, or may have de-
clared on oatii their intention to become suchand at the
end of the section strike out the words "subject, however,
to the approval of the President."
The tenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the said com-
missioners shall, from time to time, make such temporaly
rules and regulations,and mscit such clauses in said leases
as shall be just and proper to secure proper and reasonable
employment and support, at wages or upon share* of the
ciop of such persons and families as may be residing upon
the said parcels or lots of laud, which said rules and legu-
lations aic declared to be subject to the appioval of tin;
President, and to be by him submitted to the next session
of Congress for their revision and modification.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended the following amendment:
Strike out the woids "and to be by him submitted to the
next session of Congress tor their revision and modifica-
tion.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The eleventh section was read, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the said board
of commissioners, undci the direction of the President, may
be authorized, instead of leasins the said lands vested in
the United States, as above piovided, to cau-e the same,
oi any portion thcieof,lo be subdiv ided and sold in paicels
not to exceed thiee hundred and twenty aeie< to any one
purchaser, at public sale, after giving due notice then-of,
as upon tiie sale ot othei public lands of the LJmtedStates,
for -i\ty days, and to issue a ceitilicaie thorefot; and tli.it,
at any Mich -.ale. any loyal citizen ot the United States, or
any person who shall have faithfully served as an officer,
jnu-ician, ot ptivate soldier oi sailor in the Army or Navy
oi marine service of the United States, as a regular or vol-
unteer, for the term of three months, may become the
