430
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
^Representatives, and I hope it will become a law,
and that soon.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am in favor
of this bill; I think it is a very proper bill; and if
the Senate see fit to make this great innovation
upon the common-law doctrine which cxcuses a
witness from testifying when his testimony shall
tend to inculpate him, I have no more to say. I
am willing that the provision which is sought to
be stricken out upon the motion of the Senator
from Delaware shall remain in,and that a witness
shall not excuse himself from testifying on the
ground that his testimony will tend to disgrace
him, or render him infamous. All I ask is, that
this salutary rule of the common law which, so
far as my experience or reading goes, has never
been departed from in any country recognizing
the principles of the common law, shall not now
for the first time be repealed. I do not believe
that the occasion demands it, I regard it as a
very useful provision; and to repeal it, to compel
a witness to testify where his testimony will tend
to criminate him, is in my judgment introducing
a provision of an inquisitorial character. 1 object
to it. I do not think it is wise. I am willing that
the bill shall pass with the qualification that 1 have
suggested, that it shall not be regarded as an in-
novation of the common-law doctrine. That is all
I have to say on the subject. If the Senate see
fit to repeal this common-law dociine, so be it;
but it strikes mo that this is not the occasion upon
whiek to do it.
One word, sir, in relation to a remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts as to what the rule is.
I think he is mistaken. I understand this to be
the rule: that when a witness is interrogated in
relation to any particular matterpending before the
tribunal, he is required to answer unless he will
say that it tends to criminate him, and he is to be
the judge upon that question unless the court can
sec that it will not tend to criminate him,and that
he is merely making that a shelter to excuse him
from answering. If the court can see that it will
not tend to criminate him, it will not excuse him;
but prima facie his objection will prevail. This I
understand to be the uniform common-law rule,
and I think it is a most salutary rule, and 1 should
be very sorryto see Congress now for the first
ume make so great an innovation on this principle.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the law,
as it now stands, ceitainiy should be corrected. 1
can say, with gentlemen who have addressed the
Senate before, that I am astonished to find such a
provision upon our statute-hook. But, while this is
true, in making a correction of the law as it now
stands, we ought to be careful how the correction
is made.
There are very lew rules of the old common law
that have not some foundation m right or sound
policy. Probably there never was a people, 1 think
there never was one on the continent of Europe,
who regai ded the administration of justice with a
more careful eye than the people of England, who
founded and established the common law. This
rule, that a witness shall not be required to answer
a question that will criminate himself, has a founda-
tion m great and sound policy 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
yield. The morning hour having expired, the spe-
cial oidei of the day is now before the Senate, be-
ing the unfinished business of yesterday, and on
that question the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mi.
Davis] is entitled to the Aoor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone that
until we can get through with this bill. It is im-
portant that it should be passed. 1 think it will
take but a few moments. £ hope the special order
will be informally hud aside.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not propose to make
a speech. I want to speak but Jive minutes, and
that tunc will enable me to express just what I
think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope-the Senator will
allow us to go on with this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to yielding
the floor for a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
will be passed over informally for the purpose of
considering this bill, if no objection be made.
The Chan hears none.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Among the people whom
we claim as our ancestral stock perjury was held
to be one of the highest crimes; and among all civ-
ilized and pure and high-toned people the crime
of perjury has been denounced as one of the great-
est crimes, both by poets and legislators. _ The
policy of the English law was always to avoid the
temptation to perjury; the crime of falsehood was
regarded as more dangerous than the crime of mur-
der; and it was to avoid the temptation to perjury
that the rule in question was established early in
the English law. You bring a witness before your
committee, or you-bring him upon a stand in court,
and you involve his personal liberty or his per-
sonal responsibility in his answers to questions,
what is that but an invitation for him to see how
he may avoid the truth, or may swear falsely?
That is the reason that lies at the foundation of
the rule; and the English people were right when
they held perjury the most mischievous of crimes
andmostto beavoidedby their policy, and wherein
we have departed from that rule we have made
great mistakes in legislation.
1 say that the amendment should be made, for
the old common law was founded upon a just con-
sideration of what would promote the virtue of
citizens, and the innovation would lead to further
innovation. It is a false and unsound doctrine,
false and unsound policy, and in this place among
wise counselors the innovation should not be com-
menced.
Mr. BAYAR.D. I trust that I am as desirous
as the honorable Senator from Ohio to punish
frauds or any other offenses against the United
States; but, whatever may be its defects in some
respects, I look upon the common law as the
mother of liberty all over the world in its great
leading principles. I believe that an adherence to
those leading principles, especially in connection
with the general rules of evidence, gives security
to the individual against oppression and wrong,
which is one of the"great objects of government.
Now, sir, there are a great "many other cases in
which you might choose to abandon the principle
ofcommon law, for which this bill docs not pro vide.
Gentlemen in their anxiety to convict a man of
crime or an offense against the Government, fraud
or anything else, might say that the confidential
relation which thecommon lawrecognizes between
counsel and client, founded on the necessity of
ignorant men being able to resort to others m or-
der to protect them from individual oppression
under a charge of crime, should be obliterated.
The bill does not do it, but I suppose the princi-
ple would go that far too.
Another of the leading principles of the com-
mon law is, that a party shall not be compelled to
answer a question winch will tend to criminate
himself. I believe the honorable Senator from
New York correctly stated the rule. I do not
mean to say that by the common law such ques-
tions as would tend to disgrace or degrade, but not
to criminate htm, would exempt a witness from
answering either in a court of justice or before a
committee, and if it would not prevent it, the pro-
vision now sought to be enacted is perfectly use-
less and nugatory in the law.
Hut the principle of the Constitution is referred
to. The specific provision there would apply to
the case of criminal proceedings against the party
himself. As regards the principle involved in it,
therefore, I assent to it; that although an indi-
vidual may sometimes commit a crane requiring
punishment, and not be punished, yet it is of far
greatei and higherimportance not to permit a man
to be subjected to the toituie of being obliged to
give evidence against himself; and certainly, m
some sense, to answer a question which would
tend to his own crimination, would be giving evi-
dence against himself, for it would lead to his sub-
sequent conviction, though it might not have ref-
erence to the party charged m the particular case.
Therefore,sir,as thepnncipleof thecommon law
which is involved in this matter is recognized in
its spirit and intent by the Federal Constitution,
I would rather let the law stand as itis—the sub-
ject of judicial decision. If it be true—and I think
it is true—that a question merely tending to dis-
grace or degrade a witness docs not exempt him
from answering, then of course the provision is
purely nugatory, and there is no use of loading
the statutes with it. I think the bill otherwise
unobjectionable; but I prefer leaving the law as
it stands in relation to the rules of evidence, and
as to the liabilities of witnesses to answer in the
same manner befoie congressional committees as
they are'compelled to answer in courts of justice,
and to apply no different general principle to it.
Having stated these reasons, sir, I shall say no
more.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I entirely
agree with the honorable Senator from Delaware
in his view of the common-law; rights of witnesses.
I should have preferred if this bill had been con-
fined simply to a repeal of that provision of the
former law which indemnified witnesses altogether
from being prosecuted for an offense about which
they had been examined. Undoubtedly, that
ought to be repealed. Experience has shown it
is not practicable to get along with it safely. I
would have preferred it had the other part of the
bill not been inserted at all; but I understand it is
a House bill,and is now before usforouraction.
I agree entirely with the Senator in relation to
the common-law rights of witnesses and the sa-
credness of those rights under our Constitution.
The provision of the Constitution amounts to the
same thing as the common-law doctrine, that no
person shall be bound t6 give evidence against
himself. After all, sir, looking at this bill just as
it is and without any amendment to it whatever,
I do not perceive any necessity for its becoming
a law at all, except so far as it repeals the second
section of the act of 1857. In the first place, it
repeals in effect that part of the old law in relation
to indemnity, and then it provides that a man
shall not be excused from testifying because his
answer may subject him to infamy or disgrace.
That is no excuse for a witness not testifying in
a court at any time at the common law. He can-
not refuse to testify because his answer may tend
to disgrace him. That is no excuse whatever.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that in some <
very few instances the courts have holden the
contrary. I have seen some statement of that
kind, but that is not the law; nor is it so holden
in the tribunals of the country. I presume the
honorable Senator from Delaware agrees with me.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, as there has been
some little dispute in the courts about the question
whether a witness could be excused merely be-
cause the answer tended to disgrace him, it is
proposed to be enacted here that it shall not, so
as to leave no more dispute about it. It seems to
me the passing of this bill without amending it
does not alter the common-law right at all.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to detain the
Senate with useless discussion. I withdraw my
amendment, and I shall vote for the amendment
of the honorable Senator from New York, which
I think necessary if mine is withdrawn, or other-
wise there might be an erroneous interpretation
put upon the law as it stands; and on his amend-
ment, when it is presented, I mean to call for the
yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware withdraws his amendment, and the Sen-
ator from New York proposes to amend the bill
by adding at the end thereof the following words:
Nor shall this act be so construed as toiequire any witness
to testify to any tact which shall tend to criminate him.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to read the lan-
i guagc of the bill as it is, to show that there is no
necessity for such a proviso. The bill as it is reads
as follows:
"That the testimony of'a witness examined and testify-
ing before eithei House of Congress, or any committee of
cither House of Confess, shall riot be used as evidence in
any criminal ptoeccding against such witness in any eouit
of justice.''
That is protection enough, and we need not
reenact it by a proviso, I think.
Air. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not think
that is protection enough. That only protects the
paity from what ho is compelled to answer before
the committee being used in evidence against him-
self. That is only in accordance with the direct
and inevitable piovision of the Constitution, be-
cause, otherwise, you would compel him to come
as a witness and give evidence against himself.
But this amendment goes further. It recognizes
the principle of the common law that a man shall
not be bound to answer a question which will tend
to criminate him. It is not where the answer there
given may be used in evidence against him, but
where the answer tends to criminate him that the
