3872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
bill had gone into operation—and I am very sorry
that the Senate did not give it a more favorable
consideration—about the time it passed the House
of Representatives, we should have had at least
ten thousand volunteer troops in the State of Ken-
tucky for a twelve months' term, now well drilled
and disciplined. They would have held the State
perfectly quiet, and they would have been ready
to move over into Tennessee, or any other place
where danger might have appeared, for the..pur-
pose of repressing the rebels. I therefore hope
the Senate will pass the bill without farther dis-
cussion. If it is to pass, the state of things is so
urgent in the State of Kentucky that it ought to
pass at once. If it is not to pass, let us know it,
and let us look to other provisions for our safety.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will be
remembered that this bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives several months ago, and was referred
by the Senate to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. After careful examination and deliberation,
the committee decided that it was not best to pass
the bill. The Senator from Kentucky, naturally
taking a great interest in the affairs of his State,
has been very anxious for its passage, and we now
report the bill, and report against its passage.
I will state that we have just passed a bill through
thcSenateauthorizingthe organization of one hun-
dred volunteerinfantry regiments for nine months.
I think that under that bill there can be raised in
the State of Kentucky scvpral regiments that will
answerall the purposes designed by thisbill. They
are to be raised for nine months; they arc to le-
ceive twenty-five dollars bounty on entering the
service. I do not think this bill necessary. At
the time the House passed the bill, we were rais-
ing men for three years or the war, but we are
now enlisting for twelve months. I think the bill
we have passed will answer the purpose, and they
can laise men in Kentucky without the passage
of this bill.
Then, theie is an objection in the minds of many
nersons against raising these State local forces.
There is no doubt that in Maryland and Missouri,
where we have given that liberty, the troops raised
have been very much localized, and the expenses
have been very large for the amount of services
rendered. It is best generally to raise troops for
the nation that can be summoned anywhere, go
any when;, and pet form duty wherever called for.
1 think this bill is unnecessary, and that, under
the provisions of the bill wo passed yesterday, the
State of Kentucky can lning several regimentsat
once of nine mouths men into the field that will
answer all the purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will make a single remaik.
There issome chance, ofcomse, (hat the bill which
passed the Senate yesterday, may not become a
law. If this bill shall pass the Senate, it. will be a
law subject to the action of the Jfouso upon
the amendment. These forces aie proponed to be
raised for twelve months, and to the extent that
they arc raised, of course they will dispense with
the force to be raised under tne act passed yester-
day, even if it should become a law.
_ Mr. LA N"E,ofIndiana. After some little con-
sideration of this subject, I thiilk the bill had bet-
ter pass. The State of Kentucky is in a danger-
ous and critical position. My bnth and former
residence there enable me to speak competently
in relation to the condition of that State. The
rebel armies arc in the rear of our armies in many
neighborhoods in the State of Kentucky, i hope
the hill will pass, and the number of men raised
mny be taken from the nine months men provided
for by the other hill.
Mr. KING. This application for local State
troops, to be used only for the defense of a partic-
ular State—home guards-—was made early in the
srsMon, and pressed with great pertinacity, and
there was at one time a disposition to yield to
it 
Mr. DAVIS. Peimit me to interrupt the Sen-
ator. They are not to be raised exclusively for
tiie defense of Kentucky. The President has the
power to order them to any service.
Mr. KING. Then m what iespeet do they
differ from any ordinary volunteers or militia ?
Mr. DAVIS. In this respect: that the bill
authorizes out State to raise tin se tioop.s at once.
Mr. KING. That they may do under the mi-
litia system. There was an effort at the begin-
ning of the session to get hoops raised as State
troops and home guards. In Missouri and Ken-
tucky, and in several of the States along the bor-
der, there were eminent patriots*, and there was
every disposition to maintain and encourage them,
but there was still the settled'fixed conviction, the
more we reasoned upon it, that it was not advisa-
ble to raise State troops thatexclusively belonged
to the States, or to make two or three different
classes of troops. The opinion was very decided
then against its propriety, and it was laid aside.
If these troops are to be under the orders of the
President, he is authorized to take them to any
locality, as he is the other troops, and there is then
no occasion whatever for a special law. Under
the very liberal call for volunteers, with the order
for the militia, ample scope is given to the raising
of any quantity, either of militia or volunteers, that
may be needed in any of the States. I hope we
shall not get these different classes of troops. As
I said, the manner in which our friends in Ken-
tucky conducted themselves had, at the commence-
ment of the session, almost overpersuaded the
Administration and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to authorize the raising of some ten or twenty
thousand home guards, but it was upon the whole
concluded to be against sound policy to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had a slight conversation
with Geneial Boyle, who is in command in Ken-
tucky; and be assured me that if this bill passed
the best citizens of Kentucky, who were loyal peo-
ple, would atonce enroll themselves in this special
service for one year, with the understanding that
they were to be employed in the defense of Ken-
tucky; and that they would be just as valuable to
the Government of the United States for soldiers
as the tioops raised in any other way, while they
w<#uld be lessexpensive: in many cases they would
clothe themselves; and they would enable all the
forces of the United States to advance beyond the
bordcis of Kentucky. He stated such pregnant
facts to me that I was convinced beyond a doubt
that it was politic m Kentucky to arm a special
volunteer militia for that purpose. It seemed per-
fectly clear from his statement that it was wise
and proper to do so. He said that, of course,
when you called for three years volunteers, men
would hesitate a long while before they would
abandon their business; and men of property and
means, who could not be away so long, would not
volunteer; but that he could go into the mountain
counties of Kentucky especially, and raise a class of
the best kind of men, who would leave their farms
for one year,with the understanding that they could
go back, and that they were to be used for a par-
ticular sei vice; and he said that, so far as the pay
and clothing were concerned, if Congress thought
there should be a discrimination in favor of the
tluee years volunteers, there was no practical ob-
jection to making that discrimination, and giving
these tioops even loss pay and less provisions in
clothing and rations.
Mr. GRIMES. Was that conversation before
or since we passed the bill we had up yesterday ?
Mr. SHKRMAN. Some time before; but I
wish to state that under the militia law the troops
are apportioned among the several States and con-
sequently you cannot raise a special force m Ken-
tucky. The amount of militia under the bill we
passed the other day must be apportioned among
the seveial States; only so many will be appor-
tioned to Kentucky. 1 do not think that changes
the result. 1 think it would be, therefore, well
enough to give this authority to the Government—
it is all a matter of discretion—to raise this class
of troops. They will be of great service to Ken-
tucky^ I have no doubt that what the Senator
fiom Kentucky says is tiue; if this bill had been
passed t fieri: would have been now ten thousand
troops to relieve us in this time of distress. If ten
thousand mounted men, or even infantry, were
now oigani/.ed as volunteers in Kentucky for the
defense of Kentucky, is it to be supposed that
Morgan would be within a few miles of the capital
of that State. When you appeal to volunteers,
you must appeal to them from various motives.
A great many men would enlist for the defense of j
their own State, and their own community, that j
probably might not enlist for service for which j
they would be called far away from home. Now, '
I think, is the time when we should arm all the i
people in some ftum or other, either as mihtia to !
be apportioned among the States, as three years I
volunteers with full bounty,as nine months volun- i
teeis with a less bounty, or as volunteers for spe- '
cial service. If the Military Committee think there !
ought to be a discrimination made in favor of the
three years volunteers, I would agree to it. I
would agree that there should be no bounty to
these volunteers who serve a year for special ser-
vice.
Mr. DAVIS. We do not ask any.
Mr. SHERMAN. General Boyle told me that
even if a discrimination were made as to the pay,
it would make less difference; that many of these
farmers would be willing to lay down their usual
employment and volunteer for a year, even with-
out pay, or with very little pay, simply enough
to keep them along; that they do not care any-
thing about clothing; that the purpose was to
organize a force within the State of Kentucky,
which will make that State in all events safe, so
that the military power of the Government may
not be employed within the State. These people
will fight bravely and well at very little expense
to the Government comparatively. It strikes me
that it would be advisable in J&ll these border
States, where you can, to arm the population to
defend their own soil. They are just as useful
in that way as if they were defending any other
portion of the soil of-the United States, and you
can appeal to them more strongly; they are more
likely to enlist; you aie more likely to get a bet-
ter class of men—those who hove property and
cannot leave it for a long time—than you would
under a general draft of the militia, or under a
call for volunteers for thiee years. From this
conversation, which made a very serious impres-
sion on my mind,more than a month ago,before
General Boyle went to assume this command, I
was clearly of opinion that in Virginia and Ten-
nessee and Kentucky and Missouri, it would be
wise to arm this class of special volunteers. That
is the way it appeared to me.
Mr. KING. This is the third time that the
proposition to raise special local troops has'come
to us. On two previous occasions the call has
been disregarded. The first was in the winter
of 1860-61. There was then an application on
the part of the Texans for mounted troops to de-
fend themselves against the Indians,and the Tex-
ans did not want to be called upon togo across the
State boundary; they wanted to be armed and sus-
tained at the expense of the Government. I re-
member the great anxiety of the Texans to get a
regimentof mounted rangers. We came very near
passing it. I was thoroughly opposed to it, from
the apprehension that such a distinctive class of
troops in Texas would be very likely to fall into
the hands of our enemies. Hamilton, who was
then, I think, a very fair man, was in here ur-
gently pressing upon us the raising of a regiment
of mounted rangers for Texas, but in a very brief
time our whole army in Texas surrendered to the
insurgents. This class of local troops, with local
allegiance and for local purposes, divide us, cut
us up, and, in my opinion, should not be encour-
aged. Last fall we had this effort from the border
States to get local troops. What is the difference
between a good sound patriot and Union man m
a border State and any other State? It is time we
had got to regard ourselves as belonging to the
same country, with common purposes and com-
mon interests. There is a great disturbance made
about having white men and black men in regi-
ments. Now, the border State men must have their
separate organization; they can not serve even with
the white men of other States. All this classifi-
cation, in my judgment, is bad. While I have bo
disposition to find any fault with our friends of
the border States, I think they aie disposed to set
themselves up a little too nice, and want to be by
themselves, and to have a separate and distinct in-
terest in the country. I do not think it advisable
either for them or us that they should have, and
I am opposed, therefore, to this proposition to
raise distinct State troops,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think one of the most un-
fortunate acts ever done by the Government was
in refusing to arm western Texas. I have no
doubt that if the prayer of Henderson and Alex-
ander and Hamilton and Evans, and other loyal
men of Texas that I might name, had been com-
plied with, if the Government of the United States
had furnished them three thousand stand of arms,
you would have had Texas m a state of revolt
against the rebel government and quarreling
among themselves; and there has been an erior
that we have committed ail along. The Senator
says that the border State men are trying to make
