urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the bill from the House of Representatives will
be entered, and the request will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the motion to recon-
stidfr hp pnfered ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion to
reconsider cannot be entered until it shall be re-
turned. It being a House bill, and having passed
the Senate, it was returned to the House to re-
ceive, when enrolled, the signature of theSpeaker
of the House.
. The motion was agreed, to, and it was
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request the
House of Representatives to ieturn to the Senate the bill
of the House (No. 318) to prohibit tlm allowance or pay-
ment of pension's to the children of officers and soldiers of
the war of the Revolution, which was passed by the Senate
on the 28th instant.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spentin the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 31, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness in order to be the call of committees for re-
ports.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me one moment to call
up a report from the Committee of Elections. I
would like to call up the report in reference to (he
right of J. Ferguson Beach to a seat in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress from tlie seventh congressional
district from Virginia. I have u note from Mr.
Beach, stating that he does not desire to be heard
upon the subject, and I suppose no onv desires to
debate the matter; and, if not, I will put the res-
olution on its passage. The people of that dis-
trict desire to have that matter disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. To-day?
Mr. DAWES. Yes,sir; but if any one desires
to debate it, I will not press the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield with that under-
standing.
The resolution was taken up, and read, as fol-
lows:
2tc*oJi cd, That J. Ferguson Roach is not entitled to «i seat,
in this? House as a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh
Congicss from the seventh congressional distuct ot Vir-
ginia.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to give way a moment.
I desire to call up a bill, which was passed over
some time ago, for the reorganization of the med-
ical staff of the Army. It seems to me it is quite
as important to take carc of the health of the
Army, a? it is to pass this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better get
through with this bill first, and therefore I decline
to yield.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then I hope the
House will vote down, in favor of the sick sol-
diers, the motion to go into committee.
REMISSION OF DUTIES OX ARMS.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania ailow me to take from the Speaker's
table and to put upon its passage a bill m refer-
ence to theremission of duties on arms?
Mr. STEVENS. I will; but it is positively
the last time.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the table and put upon its
passage the bill (S. No. 120) in addition to an act
to refund and remit the duties on arms imported
by States, approved July 10, 1861.
No objection being made, the- bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and ordered to
be read a third time. It was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the consider-
ation of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the stateoftbeUnion,(Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendments the seventy-third section,
proposed on Friday last by Mr. Horton, to
strike out the following words:
On patent or enameled huinc.-s leather, two ccnts per
pound; on patent or enameled leather made fiom what aie
usually called cow hides, one cent per pound ; on sole
leather of all descriptions, one cent per pound ; on morocco,
goal, or kid skins, curried, manut'actuied. oi finished, sev-
enty-five cents per dozen; on sheep nkinsl tanned, eumed,
or finished, twenty-five cents pei dozen ; on bend and hai-
ne^s leather, one cent and five mills pei pound , on tanned
and earned calfskins, two cents per pound; on upper
leather, and all other descriptions ol leather not ptovided
for, one cent and five nulls per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On patent or enameled leather, five mills per square foot;
on patent japanned splits ti-ed toi da&lier leathei, fimi nulls
per squaie foot; on patent oi enameled skating leathei,
one and one half cent pet squaie loot; on all sole and rough
or harness leather made ftom hides imponed east ol the
Cape of Good Hope, and all damaged leather, five mills pei
pound ; on all other sole or loujjh leathei, hemlock tanned,
eight nulls per pound; on nil sole or rough leather tanned
in whole oi m pait with oak, one cent per pound ; on all
finished or cui'i led nppri leather, except calf skins, made
fiom leather tanned in the inteiest of the paities lini-lnng
or curiying such leathei, not pieviously taxed m the iou<rh,
one com pei pound ; on bend, butt, and harness leathei, one
and one hall eent per pound ; on oft a I leathei, five mill per
pound; on tawed oi oil-dieted leathei. two and one hail
cents per pound ; on lanned call skins, -tx cents each : on
morocco, sjoat, kid,oi sheep skins, cumed, manufactured,
oi (hushed, five percent, ad valotfm : Pronded, That the
price at winch such skins are usiiallv sold shall dctetmine
then value; on buckskins, tanned or dieted, two dollais
pei dozen ; on doeskins, lanned oi dieted, one dollar per
dozen; on deci skins, dtcssed and smoked, m\ cents per
pound; on how1 and hog skin*, tanned and dieted, ibm
per cent, ad valoi em; on Ameiican patent calf skins, five
per eent. ad valot em; on patent or enameled cloth, thiee
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " five," and insert-
ing " four," in the following clausc of the amend-
ment:
On morocco, goat, kid, or sheep skins, cuiried, manu-
tactmed, or finished, five per cent, ad valorem,
I move the amendment because I believe it is
hut justice to that branch of the leather manufac-
turing interest. That late will be but in propor-
tion to the tanl!' upon the rest of the leather trade.
In fact, I think that if it were but three and a half
pei cent, it would be moie just than, perhaps, any
other rate; but I do not desue to split baits, and
therefore I have moved that the tax be four per
cent. All this interest comes in direct competi-
tion with patent and enameled leather and patent
and enameled cloth, and also with most descrip-
tions of upper leather, the tax upon which averages
trom three and a half to four per cent. I know
that the committee desire to do no injustice to any
branch of this manufacturing interest, and I think
that if a tax of five per cent, should be adopted it
would be an injustice. I hope the committee will
adopt the amendment to the amendment,and allow
the tax to be four instead of five per cent.
I feel that I know all about this interest. I have
been largely engaged m times past in the manu-
facture of most descriptions of morocco leather.
I have not the slightest interest, directly or indi-
rectly, in us manufacture at the present tunc. I
am a manufactuier of otln r descriptions of upper
leather, and the amendment which is proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means ceitaitiiy
would be for my personal advantage and interest;
but I know that it would be unjust to the manu-
facturers of morocco leather. I think they would
be satisfied with four per cent., although nearly
all of those I have conversed with think it should
not be more than three, and many contend that it
should be only two. But if the tax is put at four,
1 think it will be and should be reasonably satis-
factory. Although it is but a trifling difference,
yet I know that, as compared with the tax on all
other descriptions of leather, this amendment pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
would be unjust, and I hope my amendment will
prevail.
The manufacturers of morocco leather are as
patriotic and willing to be taxed as any other class;
but those of them who contended for two per cent,
instead of a higher rate, did so upon the ground
that a tax was levied upon the raw material im-
ported of ten per cent., therefore the internal tax
should be moderate, and not, I confess, without
some show of reason. Knowing as I do all about
this branch of the leather business, and the com-
petition it is subjected to,and its relative bearing
to the other branches of the leather business, I
should be faithless to my trust if I did not thus
briefly call your attention to it. It is all import-
ant that all the tax should be so laid that it will
bear equally, at least, upon every branch of the
same interest, otherwise you build up the manu-
facturers of one class of goods upon the ruin of
another equally worthy. I trust 1 have said
enough to establish the justice and propriety of
the reduction I propose, and hope my motion will
be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr.VAN VALKENBUIIGH. I move toamend
the amendment by striking out " eight" and in-
serting "five" in that part of the amendment
which reads as follows:
On all other sole or rough leather, hemlock tanned, eight
nulls pei pound.
I ask to have a letter, which I hold in my hand,
read, as the icason for moving this amendment.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Dan&viijLE, Livingston Couniy, New York.
DearSik: * * * "*• I am in the leather
mamilactuting, m a genctal business for home and eastern
maikers, and would call yotu attention to tins in particular
:is ui which I am most mteiested. You will t-ce by lefer-
enee to the hill that it pioposes a tax of one cent pei pound
on sole leather, and one and one hall cent pet pound upon
othei kinds ol heavy leather, namely : harness, uppei, and
lough leathei, Stc. As^nmuu? twen'ty cents us'the average
puce loi the ditl'eient kinds and qualities of hemlock sole
leathei, which is as neat as may bo for a term ot years, and
you will s<>e that the tax as ptoposed i  equal to five per
cent, ad valoi em in all our business in this line. And it is
aboutthe same on upper, harness, and rough leathei—a lit-
tle less on call vskins and light stock.
1 have just inn through out small business for the last year,
taking actual figures, and find the icsult, under the proposed
tarift.;$l,ll^,as out tax foi one) cat's business. I knowsingle
parties, oi winch there are twoat Hufialo, that would have
to pay fiom lorry to sixty thousand dollais each upon the
same basis ol taxation. I aui awaie that many reply at once
that we do not surter in tin* amount, but add itdiieetly to the
pi ice. and get it again from the consumer. We hold tin? is
not tine m this ease. It we simply bought to-dav and sold
the *ame to-moriovv, it would necessarily follow*; hut be-
tween the put chase of the law inateiial and the time of sale
from six to twelve months transpires, and the puce of pur-
chase has little to do with the maiket when we go to mar-
ket. We would ask it theie aie any guarantees that the
man that pa\s a laigo price lor his seed wheat shall get a
huge price tor his coming nop5 Tin* lu&toiy of ourtiade,
if investigated, pioves. tin* position coirect.
i cannot see why my neighboi. selling by my side twenty
oi thnty thousand dollais in goods, should not pay an ad
luloicm tax of rive pei cent, as well. Oi why the farmer
not as well pay five cents per bushel on his ciop of wheat.
Pei nut mc to refer to one fact in the past. When the re-
bellion bioke out, it took fiom our bianch of business one
thud of our eu^-tomeis, as the £outh never made their
leather or boots and shoe*. And leather went down in
price in a few days from fifty to seventy-five per cent. And
it is estimated that one louith to one thudof all the capital
in out business was wiped out." I only relet to this as
he fit st installment of the wai tax to our buMiioss. The
increased consumption of those that make up om own Army ■
here, pethap-, gives back to us at a late moment one fouith
ot this. Still our business is struggling under the geneial
piostration. I would not complain ot am/ tax. No, su ; {
am willing (and believe I speak the feeling ot most, if not
all, ot our trade) that my tax may be quadtupkd, and if that
us not enough, then add moie, for we should not shnnk
fiom the just demands of om Government m its penl. And
I want tosayfurthet.outs i* no fancy business, but lequires
capital and a solid eias? ot men to succeed in it. If you will
look into Boston, New York, ot Philadelphia, or any other
ol otir puneinal towns, you will find the men in our line
solid men, and so far as 1 know, as a class. aid< nt support-
ers of the picscni Administration, who will cheerfully pay
then just ptopottion of any buiden C'onru<vs may "put upon
them; but why we should, alter the heavy sacrifices al-
ready .-u.^iiniH^ t e singled v/Ut lor a e-pecial burden, 1 can-
