1862.
the congressional globe.
puichaser; and upon such sale, any person serving in the
Aimy or Navy or marine corps, may pay the purchase-
money, or any part thereof, in certificates of indebtedness
foi his pay or wages, or in the amount which may be due
for bounties to hun as an officer or soldier in the Atmy or
Navy or marine corps, and if he shall pay one fourth part of
the purcha>e-money, a certificate shall be given him, and he
shall have the term of thiee yeais m winch to pay the re-
mainder,either m money or in eeitificates of indebtedness
from the united States; and any citizen of the United
States, being the head ot a family, and icsiding m the State
or district whore taid lands are situate, and not the owner
of any other lands, may, undersueh rules as may be estab-
lished by said board of commissioners, have the right to
enter upon and aequne the rights of preemption in such
lands as may be unimpioved and as maybe selected by
said board of commissioners, under the dueetion of the
President, from time to time, for such purpose.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendments:
After the words " loyal citizens of the United States,"
insert " or any person who shall have declared on oath his
intention to become such;" after the woids "any citizen
of the United States,,J insert "or any person who shall
have declared on oath his intention to become suchand
after the word u unimproved" insert "and vested in the
United States."
The amendments were agreed to.
[The committee informally rose; and a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill of the House making ap-
propriation for the payment of the bounty author-
ized by the sixth section of the act authorizing the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property, with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.]
The twelfth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 12. Jind be it farther enacted, That the proceeds
of t-aid leases and f-alcs shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, one i'ouith of which shall be paid over to
the Governor of said State wherein said lands arc situated,
or Ins authorized agent, when such indirection bhall be
put down, and the people bhall electa Legislature and State
officers who shall take au oath to suppoit the Constitution
ot the United States, and Mich fact shall be piociaimed by
the L'ie>ident, tor the pui pose ot reimbursing the loyal cit-
iz.-ni of said State, or lor s-uch othei purpose as said State
may diieet; and one fotitth shall also be paid over to said
State asa iund toaidmthccolonization 01 euugiation fiom
Hud State ol' any five per&on of African descent wiio may
desire to remove theretiom to Hayti, Liberia, or any other
tropical State or colony.
No amendment was offered.
The thirteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 13. Jind he it jut (Iter cnactcd, That m case the
recoids of the assessments and valuation of the lots of land
mentioned in the tir>t t-ection of this act fliall be dc&hoyed,
concealed, oi lo-t, so a* not to come within the po<se^sion
of the said boards of commissioner?, they «hall be author-
ized to uvke evidence oi the same, oi to value and assess the
5,ime in then own judgment upon such evidence as may
appfai befoiethem; and no mistake m the valuation of the
same, or in the amount of tax thereon, shall, in any man-
ner whatever, aftect the validity of the wile of the hcimo or
of any of the ptoceedings preliminary theieto All such
mistakes shall be a matter of account against the Tieasuiy
of the United States.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following amendment:
Strike out the words, " all such mistake shall be a mat-
ter of account against the Tic.ibut y of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following as a new section:
See. 14. Jliul be it further cnacted, That the said tax com-
inissi.micrsshall keep a book or books, in which tney shall
enter or cause to bo erneied the amount or quota ot saiddi-
lect tax assessed on each tract or paieel ot land ; which said
amounts shall be distinctly stated in the adveiusem"nt, oi
nonce of sale, together with a dct-oription of the naot to be
&oJd, and an < ntiy shall be made in said book or books of
each tiact sold, togethei with the name of the puichaser,
and the sum lor which the same may have been sold. A
tian-cupt or tianscnpts of said hook or book=, duly venfiod
bj said eomnussioneis, shall be tiled in the oihec oi the Sec-
let.uy of the Treasuiy of tnc United States, and said hooks
and transcript*, and copies of said books and transcripts,
duly certified by the Seeietarv of the Treasury, shall be evi- j
dencc in any eouit of the United State*. The said com- j
missjoners mav emploj a elcik, whose compensation shall ;
be &l,y00 per annum. '
Mr. OLIN. 1 move to amend by inserting after 'u
the word "Treasury," where it last occurs, the ;;
wmds " or commissioner." It will be perceived i|
that you make the books evidence of the facts i|
contained in them, and you make conies of said !|
books and transcripts thereof, certified by the Sec- ;j
retaiy of the Treasury, evidence in court. Now, ;j
you see that in case of any judicial inquiry, you !(
have either to have the books of the commission- :j
ers m court or a copy of the transcript of the j!
books, certified by the Secretary of the Treasury, i|
one or the other. My amendment would provide '!
2418
that a transcript certified by the commissioners
may also be evidence.
Mr. Pf-IELPS, of Missouri. I would ask, then,
if the commissioners would not then be required
to have a seal? Otherwise forged certificates may
be presented. Sworn office copies are not ex-
cluded by the se.ction as it now stands,for books
in which entries are made are, in certain cases,
made evidence, and also copies sworn to by proper
witnesses in court.
Mr. OLIN. My answer to that is, that if the
commissioners can be trusted to make a transcript
of a book to send to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, a certified copy of which by the Secretary of
the Treasury is made evidence in court, it cer-
tainly will do to have a transcript of the book by
the commissioners made evidence in court.
Now, the gentleman is lawyer enough to per-
ceive that in every possible judicial inquiry you
must, by this) bill, have as proof, either a copy
certified by the Secretary of the Treasury, or the
book itself accompanied by the commissioner to
testify to the fact of the identity of the book.
The commissioner would not require any seal,
or if he should, he can easily get a seal. But a seal
is not necessary, for the certificate of the commis-
sioner may be authenticated in the same way that
judicial documents are authenticated—by a judge
of a court. All this humbug about seals has
nearly passed away. In many States mostof the
judicial processes are tested in no other way than
by the certificate of the judge or clerk. A seal is
as easily forged as a signature.
Unless this amendment is adopted, gentlemen
will see thut much inconvenience will be pro-
duced, for whenever a title under one of these tax
sales is put in litigation, it would be necessary to
send from the State where the commissioner re-
sides to Washington city for a certified copy of
the book, or abstracts from it, or summon the
commissioners to produce in court their book. I
do not see that there can be any possible objec-
tion to the amendment, and therefore I hope the
amendment will bo adopted.
Mr. HICKMAN. X think the amendmentsug-
gesled by the gentleman from New York is open
to very serious objection. There is no .connection
whatever between this board of commissioners
and the court in which the transcript certified by
thorn is to be evidence. But it will be observed
that, by the previous provisions of the bill, there
is a very close connection between the Secretary
of the Treasury and these commissioners. They
are to be appointed by the President, approved
by the Senate; they are to give security, and their
bonds are to be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and their transcripts are to be filed
with the Secretary of the Treasury. There is no
department of the Government capable of judging
of the authenticity and regularity of this tran-
script except the Treasury Department, with
whom these commissioners have immediate busi-
ness connections. The Treasury Department has
a transcript of the whole proceedings of these
commissioners in a State, and are therefore capa-
ble at all times of judging of the regularity and
propriety of that transcupt.
Now, the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, as made upon his proposed amendment,
would authorize a mere transcript in relation to
individual property to be presented toacourtand
received as sufficient evidence; and yet it will be
seen that that transcript might not come to theeye
of the party interested in the judicial proceeding
until the very moment it was offered m evidence.
It might be a forgery by two or thiee persons
whose signatures might not be known, and it
might be impossible to establish the fact of it3 being
a fotgery.
Mr. OLIN. I would inquire of the gentleman
how the bill proposes to prove the genuineness of
the signature of the Secretary of the Treasury to
the ceitificate r
Mr. HICKMAN. There are a great many
guards thrown around the signature of the Treas-
ury which cannot by any possibility exist m ref-
eience to the signatures of these commissioners.
In the first place, a transcupt of the whole pro-
ce< ding in a State is lequircd to be filed with the
Secietai y of the Treasury; and it is not to be pre-
sumed that this book or transcript would b? coun-
terfeited in oider to meet a law case arising upon
any particular estate.
That is mv first answer. The second is this:
that the character of the Secretary of the Treasury
is known. There is an opportunity of knowing
his handwriting; and in addition to that, his cer-
tificates are issued under a sea!. There are,-there-
fore, three additional safeguards surrounding a
certificate issued from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, which would be wanting in the case of acer-
tified transcript proceeding from the commission-
ers. I suggest that it is opening a very wide door
to frauds to allow a certificate to be presented in
a tfourt from these three commissioners, which
has never come to the eyes of the parties interested
in that legal proceeding until tne very moment
when it is presented before the court, and when
it is impossible to rebut or to prove want of au-
thenticity of that certificate-—to prove, in other
words, that it is a counterfeit.
^ Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I call the atten-
tion of my colleague to the fact that in Pennsyl-
vania the certificate of the county commissioners
to the assessment of taxes upon land is uniformly
received, under an act of the Assembly of Penn-
sylvania, as evidence in courts of justice, and I
do not see why, if his objection to the amendment
of the gentleman from New York is sound, it
would not apply equally to the certificates of the
assessment for taxes in our own State, and 1 have
never heard any objection to that,
Mr. HICKMAN. Have not they got to be
sealed ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. That is true;
but 1 do not see that the seal is any additional
protection.
Mr. HICKMAN. I answer, in the first place,
that the county commissioners have a seal; and
in the second place, that their certificate is only
used as evidence in the county in which it is is-
sued, where these men are known and the charac-
ter of their handwriting is known. But if that were
not the case, there is the seal which gives it addi-
tional force. In the next place, I think my col-
league will admit that there is no particular sanc-
tity about the acts of Assembly in Pennsylvania.
I think he will agree with me that out of every
ten acts passed by our Legislature, nine are re-
garded as objectionable. Their character, in other
words, does not stand very high in the State it-
self, and I should not like to follow a precedent
set by Pennsylvania in legislation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
if we are engaged in the five minutes' debate now,
or not?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire, simply,
to say that after having heard this bill read, and
some of the discussion upon it, I am satisfied that
under a very innocent title, it combines confisca-
tion, emancipation, and colonization, all three in
one, and for that reason I propose to vote against
it, and I call the attention of the conservative gen-
tlemen of this House lo the fact. [Laughter.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would be glad to
understand this bill before being called upon to
vote on it, and to that end, I beg the attention of
the chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and
Means for a moment to one or two points con-
nected with it. I perceive that by section seven
of the bill it is provided that—
The said board of commissioners shall be required, in
case the taxes chaiged upon the said lots and parcels of
land shall not be paid as provided lor in the third section
ol this act—
After complying with certain formalities pre-
scribed, such as advertising—
to cause the tame to bo severally pold to the highest bid-
dor for a sum not le-s than the taxes, penalty, and costs,
and ten per cent, per annum mtcie^t on said tax, pursuant
to said notice.
And it is further piovided that—
The said commissioners shall, at t-aid sale, sti ike off the
^amc several! v to the United .States at that sum, unless some
peison shall bid the same or a largei sum.
Now, in section eight, it is provided that—
At any time within one jear alter the ^aid sale bvsaid
commissioner, any pei*on being the onnei of any lot or
pnteel of giound at the pa^a<;e of tint- act, who shall, l>y
bufik'icnt evidence, piove to the satisfaction ot said board
ot oomnussioneis, that he or she, alter the pas-age of thii
act. has not taken pan in the inMirieetum against
the United States;, or in any manner aided or abetted the
same ; and that, by reason ot -,au\ in-ameetion, he or she
ha*j been unable to pay said tax, or to icdeem caul lands
iioin sale within the time above piovided t*n, the said board
of commissioner may allow hmi or her further time to re-
deem the same, not exceeding two years from the day of
hale.
The point I wish to submit is this: that under
