1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I«58
not see. f cannot but think all that is necessary is to put
the matter in its tiue light to receive justice at the hands of
out Congressmen.
Youis. verv icspectfully.
TI1E0. LEONARD.
Hon. It. 13. Van Yalkenburgh.
Mr. HORTON. Ia reference to the proposed
reduction of the tax upon that particular descrip-
tion of leather, I would say that the Committee
of Ways and Means consulted with a great num-
ber ofcxpeits in the matter of leather. I for one
have no particular knowledge upon the subject.
The committee came unanimously to the conclu-
sion, I think, that the amendment which we have
offered was right and equitable to ali interests con-
nected with the leather business, after hearing
delegations from various parts of the country, and
experts themselves. I hope, therefore, without
taking up any further time of the committee, that
they will consider that the Committee of Ways
and Mean?' have had representatives before them
of all the varieties of interests connectcd with the
leather trade, that they have made the tax equit-
able to all; and I hope the Committee of the
Whole will vote down the amendment upon that
ground.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to amend
at the same point by striking out " eight," and
inserting " seven." 1 understand that in the gra-
dation of taxes to be imposed upon leather, the
tax was fixed for this kind of leather at three
quarters of one per cent., which is not quite eight
mills. I think that this kind of leathei mteiest is
taxed out of proportion, and I think that gentle-
men upon tins flour, who are acquainted with the
leather business, will agree with me that eight
mills is out of proportion with the tax on other
leather interests. As they have already voted that
they will not reduce it to five, 1 propose now to
put it at seven instead of eight, because on this
very large interest even one null on a pound is an
important matter.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Theamendmentof the Committee ofWays and
Means, as amended, on motion of Mr. Allcy, was
then agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the one hun-
dred and seventy-sixth line by striking out " ten"
and inserting " five;" so that it will read:
On wine made of grapes, five cents pei gallon.
Mr. ALLEN". I oppose the amendment for the
purpose of asking the indulgence of the committee
to have a letter read, which 1 hold in my hand,from
a firm in my district engaged largely in the man-
ufacture of liquors. It would have been more ap-
propriate when the paragraph relating to the duty
on whisky was under consideration; but as I was
not in possession of the letter at that time, I hope
the committee will permit it to be read now for the
benefit of a lar^e class of my constituents ofTccted,
directly or indirectly, by this tax on liquors.
Mr. HORTON. I raise the point of order that
the letter is not germane to the subject before the
committee.
Mr. ALLEN. It refers to wines. I should like
to have it read as part of my remarks.
The Clerk read the first sentence of the letter.
Mr. STEVENS. That is not germane to the
amen dment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the let-
ter out of order. It relates to whisky.
Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM. A large portion of
the wme of the eountiy is manufactured out of
whisky. If must, therefore, be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of that fact.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Nor am I experi-
mentally, but 1 am so informed.
Mr. ALLEiN . I ask, then, that the letter may
appear in the Globe.
There was no objection.
The letter is as follows:
Tipi'KCANor, Miami County, Ohio,
Mnch 17, lRyl
Dfar Sir: We addicss jou as our Representative m
Con^ie^ in ielation to the exei -e ta\ on whisky. ium;* dis-
tiller and Ikivjds ,i l,u^ capita! mvt - ted in the bii-inc^s.
as nianyotliei^ ot \oui eonsutuents \\hoat<  ensured in the
same busmen. to eur <iri(u the matter well betote ea-tnm
jinn vote on .i qiu'r-uon of such jrieat and \ iu! mteic>t.-- to
yoni <•( jUm 111 u'' 111 v at laic.""', notonlvthe di-tnlei i- afieoted.
foi h" can -top at aiu time . hut not so with die pooi famn r
or poot meehame w ho eanMiis daiiv bread bv hi< labor. It
piopocod by \ out Committee ot Ways, and Mi aus to levy,
a* von are weil awaie, «i duty or tax of fifteen cents pei
gallon, the mauufactuiei to pay it. Whether he will be able
to do so, I leave you to say. I heie will giv« you the exact
cost of limning a house of one thousand bus-hels per day,
as tUete are several of that capacity m your district. The
prices I give you here is the cxact cost of the com, and the
price orcoF-t of manufacturing and putting in Cincinnati
market. Every man who has ever manufactured a barrel
of whisky knows that Jt cannot be done lot loss.
C'o«t of grain, 1,000 bushel* of coin, at thiity cents per
bushel  $300
Co^t of manufacturing and putting in Cincinnati
maiket.        300
Excise tax on 3,500 gallons pioof whisky, at fifteen
cents per gallon  525
Total cost of running a thousand-bushel house is
Receipt"! of a thousand bushel house aie—
3,500 gallon* pi oof whisky, at eighteen cents per gal-
lon .  $630
J.000 bushels slop, at five cents per bushel.... 50
1,195
680
Total los* per day of 
leaving a dnect daily los«; to the irianuf'actuier of .^445 per
day,aitei allowing a' price for whisky tar above the average
ol Cincinnati maiket since the tall of Fort Sumtei. Now,
how long do you --uppo^o a mauufactuier would continue
in the buMuef^ when his daily lo-ses are far in excess of
the jeaiJv income of one halt of the people of your own
State ? Oi take the Slate statistics, of our State, which f be-
lieve iank«j onlj seeond in the Union as jegarrls the man-
utactuieof hiyh wines : the average annual amount of gi am
consumed In the distilleisoi your Stat^ ha>> been,inlound
numlieis hiteen millions of bushcH annually for the !a<=t
three years, and the pioduct ot whisky has been, m round
numbeis, fitt) millions of gallons annually, or a little less
than tinee and a halt gallon^ of proof whisky to the bushel of
giani consumed Now, such a tav a-i pioposed by youi
committee vutually closes every house m youi State en-
g.ujfed in the manulactuie ot whisky the very day it takes
etf'ect, and not only < lo-cs the manufaeturei, but defeats the
vetj object our Government is now sorely in need at, a rev-
enue; and if our Govern m< nt is deleated in her object, as
-he most assuredly would be, to whose benefit would it ie-
dound? Why, to a tow bandied fpeculator, who no doubt
haunt vou daily, be-eeehimx you with teals m then ejes,
sayingitiuu-thedone ot our Government will soon become
bauiwupt: a cla-s of politicians who ;could bankrupt our
Govcinment if they eon Id and then sell it out to Jeff* Davis &.
Co. at a gieat piofit. They—the speculator—want the high-
est dun'pa-st'd that can po-iblybe. hoping to stop the mail-
ulactuiei, tb u they who hold latffe amount?- of high wines
ina\ eontiol the maiket to suit their inteiesH, to the detn-
meiit ol the inanufaetuier, with whom the cntne eommu-
nil\ l- con nee ted \v lieie lie i-> located, whcievcr it is. And,
fuithei we woulil say that as tin as our acquaintance eoes.
which is ptetty extensive, not onl\ m oui own State but in
the States ot Indiana and Illinois, the feeling is the same;
thoie is none that object • to the levying of a modeiate duty
on nianufactuics, but thej say let it be a reasonable one,
that we may continue out business, whHi is a vital and
nnpoitant one to the West. Lev) amodeiate duty at first,
and as the puces of whisky advance let them increase the
duf>. and not levy a tat that closes the manufacturer and
only icdounds to the benefit of the cpeculaioi. and entirely
a a'tnst the mteie.-ls of evoij man in the West, not only
join constituents, but asrairtstthe constituents of eveiy man
in j our House ft om the West. It is also very unjust to this
pauicuhir business; for instance, a bauel of ale, whose
value is .seven dollars, is taved only one dollar, but a barrel
of wln.skv. whos'c value is $■/ 60, is taxed to the tune of six
dollais. Now, what o<jiialitv is there in the tax on these
two aiticlc^r If one is:i lUMiivNnot the other equally so.
We have altoady \vi itten more than we intended, but a sub-
ject of such vital impoiuntv to the people of our eountiy
cannot be too eaiefully set unnized and examined ; and that
vou will mve it youi undivided attention on the day of tual,
is the wish of youi constituents.
Yours, veiy rcspectiully, See.,
S. L. CHAFFEE Sc BRO.
Hon. WiLravM Allf.n, Member of Congress Fourth Con-
gressional District of Ohio.
Mr. VAN HORN I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it two cents instead of five. I
think we should encourage, as much as possible,
the manufacture of native wines.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment bo as to make it twelve cents instead of five.
I can see no reason why wc should reduce the tax
upon wine. That portion of our people who drink
wine will pay this tnx ns freely and as generously
as any other class of the people of the country.
Why we should reduce the tax on wine is to me
unaccountable. We have taxed whisky liberally
and bountifully, a drink which the poor men of
the country use, and now an effort is made to re-
duce the tax upon wine, which the wealthier
classes of the community use. I am opposed to it.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the tax fifteen cents
pei gallon. I ask this committee to compel wine-
bi'oburs to nay as much as they compel whisky-
drinkers to pay. I ask this committee to put upon
wine, wh tch is much more valuable per gallon than
whisky, precisely the same tax that is laid upon
'! whisky. I want gentlemen to be consistent in
'a this matter.
Mr. HORTOJST. Mr. Chairman,myfriendfrom
Illinois is very sensitive on the whisky tax,"but
there are gentlemen who pay'three and four and
five dollars per gallon for the whisky they drink,
and pay a tax of fifteen cents per gallon. The
alcohol in a gallon of wine is about one eighth part
what there is in a gallon of whisky. We put-a
tax of five cents on a gallon of wine and fifteen
cents on a gallon of whisky; and there is, there-
fore, about twice as much tax on the wine for the
amount of spirit it contains as there is on the
whisky.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Where does the
gentleman get his information that alcohol is used
in the manufacture of wine?
Mr. HORTON. I did not say there was any
alcohol used in the manufacture of wine. I said
there was so much spirit or alcohol in wine; and
if the gentleman denies it, we will get the chem-
ists and prove it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then, if the gen-
tleman'sargument is true, he should raise the tax
at least as high upon the alcohol in wine as he put
it upon the alcohol in high wines.
Mr. HORTON. It is higher. The gentleman
is losing his arithmetic. I hope he will vote right,
although lie does not talk right.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend the
amendment, so as to make the tax sixteen cents
per gallon. Mr. Chairman, I have feit and still
feel a disposition to stand by the Committee of
Ways and Means in all their recommendations in
this bill; but I rise to express my surprise that
they should come in here now and propose to re-
duce this tax upon wine,amereluxury,and which
docs no earthly good to anybody under heaven.
There seems to be a disposition here to pursue a
different course of policy from that which all other
nations on the face of the earth pursue in this mat-
ter of cxcise duties. The universal practice of
other nations is to put heavy excise duties upon
articles of mere luxury, and here the committee
come in and propose to reduce the tax to livecents
a gallon on this wine which goes into the con-
sumption of the rich and opulent of the country.
I stand here to protest against such measures.
Let the wine-bibbers of the country pay these
taxes. It will not injure the manufacturers either,
because every one knows that those men who drink
rum and wine will pay anything for it, and never
make any faces at the price. They arc always
willing to pay it. They complain of the price of
flour or pork, or any other necessary of life, but
when you come to these beverages which they buy
to minister to their vitiated appetites, they never
inquire the price. They are always willing to pay
just whatever is charged.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman really
mean to say, and to have it go upon record, that
wine never does anybody any good? I under-
stood him to make that remark.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have never known it
to do anybody any good; but I will except the
gentleman from Wisconsin, if he wishes it.
Mr. HORTON. Encouragement of the man-
ufacture of wme is one of the mostefficient modes
of carrying out the idea of the Maine law; that is,
the pure, native Catawba wine, which, I suppose,
is to be taxed here. It is a product of the grape,
and the gentleman is mistaken when he states that
itisonly the rich who drink wine. The wine made
iti Ohio is not drank generally by the rich, but by
the laboring people. It is made for that purpose,
and is not a very expensive liquor, it is very much
cheaper than the whisky which is called tolerably
good, and it is bettor. I take the responsibility
of saying that it has a greater tendency to prevent
the excessive use of ardent spirits than any agent
I have known to be appealed to for the last ten
years. The moderate and habitual use of good
native American wine produces a distaste for the
use of deleterious spirituous liquors. I think,
therefore, that all those gentlemen who believeas
the gentleman from Maine does, that the Maine
law is a benefit to the country, and that it advances
civilization, should come up to the help of the
Committee ofWays and Means m this instance,
and vote for a small tax on native wine as apro-
motivo of temperance.
Mi. RICE, of Maine, I would ask the gen tie-
man if he thinks wine is a better promotive of
tempeiance than pure cold water?
