432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-January 22.
fied and would have been annihilated, and this
great and imperial .Republic would have been blot-
ted from existence as one of the nations of the
earth; and the great problem of the fitness of the
people for self-government would have been set-
tled forever,and definitively againsttheircapacity.
But, sir, the Chief Magistrate of the nation was
found faithful in the performance of his duty; the
majority of the two Houses of Congress were
found faithful in the performance of their duty;
but not the Senator from Indiana concurring.
What did they do ? The President had assumed,
if you please,.some extraordinary powers, for
winch he was justified by the extremity and the
momentous danger of the occasion. The question
was whether the Government should live or die,
whether it should survive or perish, whether the
Union should be dissolved by the power and the
arms of an audacious and extensive rebellion, or
whether thp majority of the people of the United
States, led by those functionaries of the Govern-
ment who are yet true to their oaths and true to
their duty, should assert the supremacy and the
authority of the Government. But what did Con-
gress do ? It passed laws authorizing the issue of
Treasury notes; it passed laws authorizing the
President to borrow large sums of money, to raise
ways and'means for the purpose of raising armies
and fitting out fleets, and collcctmg a military
power, land and naval, that would be sufficient for
the reduction of the insurgents. How did the gen-
tleman from Indiana vote; how did he act when
all these measures were before Congress and be-
fore the Senate ? Did he vote for any of them? If
he answers that he thought that in their form, in
their details, they were unwise and impolitic, and
not suited propeily to the ends that were intended
by them, why did he not come forward with his
own propositions, and thus show his fidelfty and
his allegiance to his Government and to the coun-
try >
Sir, he did not do so, if I understand his record.
I have not examined it particularly. I read his
action m the newspapers at the time. It has been
reported to me verbally by some members of this
body. So far as I read it and understand it, the
gentleman has never, 111 a solitary measure, shown
any sympathy with the Government in its life and
death struggle. When it was throttled by the
n-bels, and when it was an undecided,as it is still
an undecided, question whether the constitutional
Government or the rebels should prevail, and
when all minds and all hearts true to the Gov-
ernment were torturing themselves to devise ways
and means and measures to save the country from
this ruin, if I understand the record of the gen-
tleman, he voted for no solitary measure that was
designed, and the tendency of which was to put
down the rebellion, and toieassert the supremacy
of the Government, and he proposed none him-
self.
L et me illustrate that condition by a supposed
case. General Burnside and Commodore GuIds-
borough have been sent upon a great expedition
to slake a blow—and! trust it will be amost effect-
ive and successful one—at this rebellion upon the
southern coast. It is one of the largest expedi-
tions, naval and military, that was ever fitted out
by the Government. Suppose that when this vast
expedition was afloat and moving down the ma-
jestic Potomac to Fortress Monroe, a thud of tiie
expedition had li^en m mutiny—a third of the
ships with their captains and crews had assumed
the position that they would no longer fight against
the southern confederacy, that they would seize
upon the shipsand upon all their munitions. Sup-
pose that one third of the land expedition had also
assumed the same position of mutiny and icbel-
lion; that they had hauled down the stars and
stapes, and in their place had hoisted the ensign
of the southern confederacy; that they had de-
clared against the United States and the stars and
stapes, and the Hag under which Washington and
I113 patriots conquered our liberties and under
which they founded our Government. Suppose
there had been another captain in the two thirds
of tnat expedition that had not raised the standard
of rebellion, who assumed this position: he writes
letters to the leader of that mutiny; he sympa-
thizes with him; he gives him counsel; he puts
him upon the means, so far as he can, of nnprov- !
mg the military powers of his situation by an im- ,
provement in arms, or anything else—for this is :
only an illustration. Will some gentiemon favor !
me with the name of the second in command of
the naval part of that expedition? I do not know
any but uommodore Goldsborough. It is not
material, however. Suppose the second in com-
mand of that expedition, though he did not join
the mutiny, yet after the mutiny had been organ-
ized, after it had taken>a distinct form and posi-
tion, after it had stood out in feattle array against
the other portion of the expedition, fleet and army,
and bid defiance to the power of the United States
Government, and was threatening to unite des-
tinies and to add all its power to the southern con-
federate government. Suppose he assumed this
position: " You, Commodore Goldsborough, are
endeavoring to coerce the mutinous part of this
expedition. 1 am opposed to all measures of co-
ercion, and I ever shall be; yea, more; I hold cor-
respondence with the chief of the mutiny; I write
him letters of compliment and of friendship, and
offer to him aid m his traitorous purpose." Sup-
pose, after the second in command had acted that
part, that his nomination by the President to the
office which he filled was afterwards brought be-
fore the Senate of the United States for its action
to confirm or reject, I ask if there is a Senator in
this Chamber who would have voted for the con-
firmation of a man occupying that position? If
he could,sir, his heart, his reason, his principles,
his sense of loyalty, and duty to his oath I know
nothing of, and I never will know anything of,
except to reprobate and to condemn it, and to hold
it in the utmost and deepest scorn and condemna-
tion.
Now, sir, wherein in principle is the position
and conduct of the Senator from Indiana different
from that of the second in command in this expe-
dition in the case I supposed ? Why, sir, a man
in this Chamber is not to fold his arms and vote
'• nay," or not vote at ail, in such a crisis as the
piescnt. What is his oath? What is his duty
as a citizen, and especially what is his duty as a
Senator of the United States, a part of the legis-
lative power of the Government, the exercise of
which is essential and indispensable to put down
this rebellion ? I shall not attempt, what gentle-
men of so much more ability who have preceded
me jn the argument have done, to analyze and give
construction to the letters alluded to in this case;
but I here assert that I cannot conceive how a gen-
tleman could have written such a letter to Jeffer-
son Davis about the 1st of March last under the
circumstances then existing, and through which
he and Jefferson Davis had so recently passed,
and have forgotten that he hud written such a let-
ter. Whether he has forgotten it or not, that let-
ter, to my mind and to my judgment, is full of
sympathy for the confederate government and for
its usurping chief. Since this rebellion was inau-
gurated, where is the passage of the legislative
history of the Senator from Indiana, where is his
speech, where is his vote, where is his proposi-
tion for any measure to extricate the Government
from its great danger by putting down the rebel-
lion, that shows anything like the sympathy for
his Government that that letter shows for the
southern confederation and its chief?
Sir, it will not do for members of the Senate in
thisgreatstruggletosay,armed neuirality. There
is no neutrality; there can be none. There is no
dividing ground between support of the Govern-
mentofthe United Statesand hostility to it. There
can be none.
Let me review for a moment, and only for a
moment, the condition of the country at the time
this March letter was wiitten. Why, sir, had we
not heard the mutteringsof this storm for months
and months before, long before the presidential
election took place > Had we not read the essays
of the southern newspapers previous to thnt time '
The speeches of their members in both Houses
of Congress had hardly ceased to reverberate
through this Chamber and the Hail of the House
of Representatives. Their orators and propagand-
ists in public opinion were proclaiming from this
Capitol in an unbroken voice throughout the South
or a large portion of it, " we will never submit
to the election of a Black Republican as Presi-
dent of the United States; if Abraham Lincoln is
elected he shall never be permitted to be inaugu-
rated in Washington city." Were they not acting
up to that proposition ' If it had not been for the
energy brought into Buchanan's Administration
near its close by the new members of the Cabinet
who were led to take the places of those foul trai-
tors who betrayed their Government, and for the
foresightand energy of General Scott, in providing
a military force here before the ceremonial of the
inauguration of the Chief Magistrate of the United
States, notwithstanding he had been elected ac-
cording to all the forms of the Constitution, a mob
of soldiery organized from the States of Maryland
and Virginia, and States south of Virginia, would
have defeated the inauguration of the Chief Magis-
trate. There is no doubt about it at all.
Mr. President, what else had these men said?
The honorable Senator boasts of his friendship
and intimate relations, subsisting through many
years, with the present president of the confederate
States; and I have understood that his relations
were equally friendly with the principal leaders
in the lebelhon. I presume he was well acquainted
with their purposes and their counsels. They had
proclaimed to the world, and had published in
their speeches, in their newspaper essays, and in
their stump harangues, that never, never would
the southern States permit Abraham Lincoln to
be inaugurated as President of the United States,
and if he was elected and inaugurated, that they
would never submit to his administration, but
would secede from the Union. Nay, more than
that: they declared again and again that they
would seize upon the Government, the archives
of the nation, and all the forts and armaments that
they could lay hands upon before the 4th of March,
whilst they were still in the custody of Presi-
dent^Buchanan as President of the United States.
They knew that he was feeble; they knew that
he was imbecile. Many of them believed that he
was taking sides with them, and that he was ready
and willing to betray the United States Govern-
ment; and there is too much reason even now to
believe that that was once his position. I believe
myself that he was a strange, an extreme com-
pound of imbecility and treachery, and I do not
know which quality preponderated in the com-
position of the man, to bring on the deplorable
consequences that have befallen this Govern-
ment.
Sir, how did they act in the canvass? These
facts were historical. They were thrown abroad
through the newspaper publications to the whole
country. The gentleman had that means of know-
ing of their existence; but he had other means,
that of the closest and most intimate association
in this Hall and at theirprivate lodgings with most
of the principal actors in this great drama. He
knew, we all knew, what would be their line of
conduct. What did he do, and what did they do
in addition ? There were three alternatives.offered
to the Democratic party at that time during the
presidential election: youareto take Douglas; you
are to take Breckinridge; or you are so to arrange
your candidates and your votes as that Douglas,
who united the principal strength of the Demo-
cratic party, could not possibly be elected Presi-
dent, in order to insure the election of Lincoln,
and thus bring about that express and declared
condition in which you have avowed your pur-
pose to the world to secede from the Union and to
disrupt it.
If 1 had time I could lay my hands upon the
documents, and I could prove, from the published
opinions of these men in the southern States, that
their only and great inquiry was this: "We can-
not nominate a Democrat who sympathizes with
the southern wing of the Democracy, and we
cannot succeed in procuring from the convention
the nomination of our man"—who I then knew,
as I thought, as well as I now know, to be a foul
tiaitor—" John C. Bieckinndge. We cannot hope
to elect him." What was thcir-further declara-
jj tion in connection with this subject? " Here is
! the Democratic party, spreading its ample arms
North and South. It embraces the two sections
of the United States. It is about as strong in the
North as it is in the South; and while it thus re-
mains united, and grasps in its wide-spreading
and strong arms both sections of the United States,
we never can sever the Union. What must we
do then? We must first divide the Democratic
party sectionally, by the slave line.' We can only
do that by opposing to Douglas a southern Dem-
ocratic candidate, whom we know to be supple
and subservient to our views and to our policy.
Unless we can succeed in making this division of
the Democratic party, wo can never hope to sever
the Union." When they went to their Charles-
ton convention, and afterwards to the Baltimore
