2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
the provisions which I have read, no tax will ac-
crue upon these lots and parcels of land during
the two years which shall elapse between the day
of the sale and the day of redemption. Now,if
that be the policy of the bill, it occurs to me that
it will be the manifest interest of every owner to
permit his land to be sold in this way, and con-
sequently no taxes will accrue during the two
years which will elapse between the day of sale
and the day of redemption. I would inquir^ of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if it is the intention of the bill to permit
that to be done ?
Mr. STEVENS. We did not, in this bill, at-
tempt to make any assessment of the taxes or to
provide how often they should be assessed. We
leftall that to the general tax law. This bill sim-
ply apportions the taxes which are laid by another
law. The tax bill will provide for the other
matter.
Mr. Olin's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the fourteenth line of the
section reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, I move to strike out the word " of," and
to insert in lieu thereof " in;" so that it will read:
A transcript or transcripts of said book or books, duly
verified by said commissioners, shall be filed in the office:
of the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, and
said books and transcripts, and copies of said books and
transcnpts, duly certified by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be evidence in any court in the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I perceive that by the first
part of this section the commissioners are required
to keep a book or books, in which they shall enter
or cause to be entered the amount or quota of di-
rect tax assessed on each tract or parcel of land,
and the hitter part of the section provides that
those books and copies and transcripts thereof,
duly certified by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be evidence in any court; but there is no
provision that those books shall be deposited with
the Secretary of the Treasury. There is a pro-
vision that transcnpts shall be returned to him,
but no provision that the books shall be deposited
with him at any time. I move, therefore, to in-
sert, aftei the word " commissioners,"in theclev-
enth line, the words 14 and said books, when the
commission shall expire;" so that it will read:
A transcript or trai^cnpts of said book or book?, duly
verified by Mid commi^um«*i«, and said books when the
commission f4iall cvpuc, shall he filed in the office of tin;
SeercUiy of the Tioa^uiy or the United States, and said
books and transcripts and copies ot said books and trans-
cripts, duly cortilied by the Secietaiy of the Ticasury, shall
be evidence in any couit m the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as amended, was then adopted.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the following as an additional section:
Sue. 15. And ho it further enact cd, That the thirteenth
section of the act of^August 5, 1861, entitled " An act to
provide increased icvnme from impoits to pay interest on
the public debt and for other purposes," shall be so con-
st! ucd as not fo exempt fiom taxation property above the
value of $^00 owned by individuals, notwithstanding the
provisions of said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last section of the bill of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
Skc. IB Jiivl be it further cnactcd, That this act shall
take effect fiom and after its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the use of that sec-
tion? Of cour.se the bill cannot take effect before
its passage. I move to strike it out.
Tile motion was not agreed to.
Air. WICKLIFFE. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing proviso to the bill:
Prodded, That if m anyof -.aiddistricrs the commission-
ers do not collect a? much money as will be i qual to their
salaries in the aggregate hi any one ye.u, the amount col-
lected snail he appoiuoned among them, and tnaf shall be
in lull of then claim for compensation.
One word in explanation of that proviso. This
is a bill, if I undeistatid it, proposing to authorize
the appointment of thirty-three commissioners, at
a salary of $3,000 each, to make collations ofiev-
enue according to its provisions. 1 want it un-
derstood that 1 have no objection to the collection
of all revenue that can be reached properly, under
the laws of the land, within these rebellious States.
I think it is but right that these taxes should be
collected, if it is practicable to do so. But i be-
lieve that in the present condition of those Slates
it is impracticable. I believe that these commis-
sioners, as they follow in the rear of the Army,
will raise very little money by taxes. I was struck
with the difference between the mode of compen-
sation provided here for the commissioners and
that provided in the general tax bill. There they
are to be paid by the commissions on the amount
collected, here by fixed salaries.
Now, I shoula like to know if this House is
willing to pass a bill which will authorize the ex-
penditure of $100,000 for the salaries of these com-
missioners, without much hope of their collecting
money enough to pay such salaries. I do not see
of what use this bill is to be to the Treasury of
the United States in the way of revenue. It is an
admirable bill to provide for men who are seeking
employment at the hands of the Government. It
gives them a salary of $3,000 a year—for what?
For going down to these States and trying to col-
lect taxes. Say that some of them go to the coast
of South Carolina to these cotton islands. They
may perhaps collect enough there to pay their
salaries. They may go to North Carolina and do
the same thing thing. They may, at this time,
go to some parts of Tennessee and to some parts
of Alabama, and do the same thing. But I pre-
dict that, under this bill, there will not be col-
lected and paid into the Treasury of the United
States an amount equal to half the salaries of the
commissioners. I am willing, however, that the
Government shall make the experiment, but I do
not want it to be done at such an expense to the
Treasury. My amendment proposes that when
a collector does not collect more than $3,000, he
shall bG paid no more than he does collect.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. If I supposed that these collectors
would notcollectmore than their salaries, it would
be a very vain thing to pass this bill; and the
House should not be engaged in it. I do not want
to throw any such suspicion upon this bill. I do
not want to put clogs upon its execution. It will
be recollected that the duty of these commission-
ers will not be a very agreeable one, unless you
make it agreeable by the salary. It requires them
to go to latitudes not v* ry congenial to the feelings
of men who do not live there. The social inter-
course that they will have there will not be very
inviting, I suppose. I think, therefore, that there
ought to be some inducement in the way of sal-
ary to get men to go there to perform a disagree-
able duty among these secessionists. I do not
care what the pretensions of the inhabitants may
be, their feeling is that of secession. I think,
therefore, that thd compensation of these commis-
sioners should not £>e made contingent on the
amount of taxes collected. To my mind, it is
nogreatob jection to the bill that somebody should
suffer a little by it. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. Wickliffe's amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to defer that mo-
tion until the committee shall have gone on and
disposed of the other bill that was pending yes-
terday.
Mr. STEVENS. I will move to go into com-
mittee again, as soon as this bill is passed.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Richardson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly Senate bill No. 292, for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts within the United States, and for other
purposes, and had directed him to leport the same
back to the House with sundry amendments,
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. 3 move that the amendments
be voted upon as a whole, unless a separate vote
be asked on any of them.
Mr. OL1N asked a separate vote on the four-
teenth amendment, as follows;
Strike out the following words:
In all cases where the owner of said lots or paieels of
ground shall not, on or before the day of sale, appear in per-
son betoic the said board ot commissioners and pay the
amount of cald tax, with ten per cent, interest thereon, with
i the cost of advertising the same, or request the frame to he
struck off to a purchaser for a less sum than two thirds of
the assessed value of said several lots or parcels of ground.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was taken on all the other amend-
ments; and they were severally agreed to.
The bill was read the third time.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. STRATTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question taken; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 98, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Aricona, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baily, Baker, Baxter, Fiancis P. DIair, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Chamberlin, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, Roscoe Oonkling, (Jovode, Cutler, Davis, Del-
ano, Diven, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
English, Fiank, Goocli, Granger, Haight, Ilanchett, Har-
rison. Hickman, Holman, Hooper, Horton, Hutehins, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Francis W.ICellogg, Lehman, Loomis, Love-
joy, MclCnight, McPherson, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Anson P. Moinll. Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Odell, Olin,
Patton, John S. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pom-
eioy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Richardson, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, Smith,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Valkenburgh,
Verree,W.ill,E. P. Walton,VVashburne, Webster,Whaley,
Albert S. White, Wilson, VVindom, and Worcester—98.
NAYS—Me-iSr-i. Biddle, Calvert, Cravens, Johnson,
Ketfigan, Law, Mallory, Menzies, Noble, Norton, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Francis Thomas, Valiandigham, Ward, Wick-
iifFe, and Wood—17.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. FESSENDEN (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FESSENDEN stated he would have voted
"ay.55
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON HOSPITAL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the House bill No. 465, shall close in one hour
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
vSo the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McPher-
son in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 465, to purchase a hospital in
the city of Washington, on which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] was entitled to the
floor—general discussion being closed, by order
of the House, in one hour.
Mr. EDGERTON addressed the committee.
[His remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. McPherson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 465, for the purchase of a hospi-
tal building in the District of Columbia, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish to ask
to be excused fiom service upon the committee
on the District of Columbia. All my colleagues
upon the committee have very kindly consented
to the request, and therefoie I hope there will be
no objection.
No objection being made, Mr. Conkling was
excused accordingly.
Mr. WADS WORTH. T ask to be excused
from further service upon the Committee on Naval
Affairs, for reasons of a private character.
No objociion being made, Mr. Wadsworth
was excused accordingly.
TERRITORY OF LANNHVA, ETC.
Mr. ALDRICII. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for the purpose of reference only, two
bills of which previous notice has been given.
