THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
THE OFFICIAL PEOOEEDIjSTGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1862.
New Series..,..No. 28.
   ' ,
osition of Virginia: "South Carolina is out, and
out forever; if no other State secedes, South Car-
olina will maintain her position as an independent
State; she will defy her duty to the General Gov-
ernment, and she will defy all of its power."
The cotton States, one after another, secedcd.
I do not intend to go over the catalogue of the-
various acts of usurpation, of aggression upon the
property and the rights of the United States, and
the acts of war upon the United States that were
perpetrated by these different States, as enumer-
ated by the gentlemen who have preceded me in
this argument. The honorable Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] says that there was no civil
war at the date of the letter, in March, from the
gentleman from Indiana to Mr. Jefferson Davis.
"What is civil war? I admit that the war had not
assumed the expanded and dangerous proportions
which it did soon after; there was not as large a
number of armed men brought into the field then
as afterward; but, m addition to the deliberate,
oft-repeated, and well-considered purpose of the
extreme southern States to make war on the Gen-
eral Government, to dissolve the Union, to set up
a separate confederacy—in addition to all these
declarations, and to the organization of a civil and
a confederate government, there had been a suc-
cession of acts of war upon the Government of
the United States.
Sir, a state of war does not depend upon the
number of men on either side that arc engaged in
it. "When South Carolina seized upon Castle
Pinckney and the other forts in Charleston har-
bor; when the various other southern States seized
upon the forts within their borders, and upon the
money in the mint at New Orleans, and upon the
arms of the United States, and their shipping—
claimed them as their own, against the right and
the power and in defiance of the authority of the
General Government—seized upon them for the
purpose of strengthening their own power for the
impending conflict with the United States—and
especially when they fired into the Star of the
West, and drove back that ship, sailing under the
flag of their country—it is preposterous to say
that there was not a state of war existing on the
part of those insurgents against the General Gov-
ernment.
This lcvolttook place; this war was made; and
for what cause, or upon what provocation ? Only
a word or two upon that point. I admit the in-
destructible right of revolution. I ad nut that when-
ever a people are oppressed beyond endurance they
have a right to revolt and to overturn their Govern-
ment; but I utterly deny that there was any cause
of grievance or oppression existing on the part of
the General Governmen t against the seceded States
at that time which authorized or which began to
authorize or to create even a pretext for their re-
volt. Where is the State that had suffered any
wrong or any oppression by the act of the Gen-
eral Government? Where was the slaveholder,
where was the citizen of the southern States that
had suffered any wrong or any oppression from
the Government of the United States? Why, Mr.
President, in the convention of South Carolina
some time afterwards they made an attempt to
draw up an indictment against the General Gov-
ernment, such as is embraced in the Declaration
of Independence against the Government of Eng-
land. Mr. Rhett and some of the greatest and
most fertile minds of that State attempted this
work, and what did they do? They abandoned
it in despair because there were no grievances in
existence that they could charge against the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and many of them,
including Mr. Rhett himself, had the manliness
to avow to the country that this scheme of seces-
sion and of disruption they had eutextained ever
since the year 3832.
Mr. President, I never worshipped any man,
but I believe that the feeling approaching nearest
to it that I have felt for any man I ever knew, was
for the illustrious Clay. It was not often that I
dissented from his opinions, or hisgreatmeasures
of policy; but when he interposed to shelter Cal-
houn and McDuffie and Hayne'and the other
' convention, the whole object and purpose of their
policy, and of any line of policy that they might
adopt, wris simply, in the first place, to divide,
sectionally,the Democratic party, and then to pre-
sent a northern Democratic candidate and a south-
ern Democratic candidate for the Presidency, in
order certainly to elect Abraham Lincoln, and
bring about the declared condition upon which
they had avowed their purpose to secede from the
Union, and to disrupt the States.
The Senator knew all these facts. He knew this
to be the line of policy of the Democratic party,
and of the southern leaders. I say he did, be-
cause the whole country knew it, and if the coun-
try knew it he must have known it. The elec-
tion took place, and I have it on the bestauthority,
that in several of the southern States and at many
points of voting the inquiry of the southern Demo-
crats was, " how shall we vote to secure the elec-
tion of Abraham Lincoln ? Here is our chief, our
tool, John C. Breckinridge. We never can hope
to elect him. If we could elect him, we would
still remain in the Union, because we would still
have the possession of the Government, its offices,
its jobs, and its spoils; but we cannot elect him,
and as we are determined never to submit to the
rule of Abraham Lincoln or a Black Republican
Executive, how shall we vote certainly to insure
the election of Lincoln, that we may thereby be
enabled to rally the masses of the people of our
States with us in our treasonable and infernal
project of dissolution and disruption?"
"What course did the gentleman himself take in
that election, if I am correctly informed? Why
was it that a ticket was run for John C. Breckin-
ridge in the State of Indiana ? Why was a ticket
run for John C. Breckinridge in the State of Illi-
nois ? "Why was a ticket run for John C. Breck-
inridge in many other States? It was simply to
abstract that many votes from Douglas, in order
to give those States certainly, or probably at least,
to Lincoln, and secure his election, and bringabout
the condition on which these southern traitors
were to dissolve the Government. How many
votes did John C. Breckinridge get in Indiana?
How many did he get in the State of Illinois ? Did
an y gentleman, did the Senator from Indiana him-
self, believe, before the election came off, that John
C. Breckinridge would get more votes in that State
than he actually did poll? If I recollect aright Mr.
Breckinridge got some five or six thousand votes
in the State of Indiana. He got something like
double that number in Illinois. Was an electoral
ticket nominated for Mr. Breckinridge in those
States with any hope or any belief that he could
carry those States ? Not at all, sir. The calcu-
lation was that the mass of the vote which Breck-
inridge might get, if he was withdrawn, would be
cast for Douglas, and Douglas would carry those
States over Lincoln, and in that way the election
of Lincoln would be jeopardized, and he might
be defeated. Did not the gentleman argue, and
from the probabilities concur, in that line of pol-
icy; and did he not act with a view to carry it
out?
Mr. President, the election took place. "What
did that treasonable and pestilent State of South
Carolina then do? She called a convention to pass
her ordinance of secession. What course did the
State of South Carolina take? She was not pre-
pared for that measure at the stg^-t; I believe very
few of her statesmen were in favor of secession;
but when men once begin upon the line of vice
and of evil and of crime, one step imperceptibly
and inevitably leads on to another until they get
into its deepest abyss.
What did Virginia do? She sent her commis-
sioner, Judge John Robinson, in the month of
December, to Charleston—probably a few days
after the convention of South Carolina had passed
the ordinance of secession—with this proposition,
" suspend your action; let us call a convention of
the slave States; let the slave States act^m unity
and in concert m this momentous crisis.'' South
Carolina would not give that talented and dignified
commissioner of Virginia even a hearing. She
proclaimed flauntingly in his face and to the prop-
28
traitors of South Carolina, from the just-punish-
ment which Old Hickory was ready to inflict upon
them for their treason, I thought then, and still
think, that he committed an error. It would hav:e
been better—oh ! how much better—that the issue,
had been met under that great chief, who hail the
hearts and the confidence of the American people
to an extent and degree of intensity that no man,
not even Washington himself, has ever had, when
he had the assistance of the great military captain
of the age, and his own popularity with the peo-
ple of the United States was all conquering. How
unfortunate for the country, in my judgment, was
it, and has it been since, that this issue then was
not squarely made and settled under the auspices
of the hero of Orleans? I know what his secret
counsels were, and I know upon testimony that is
entitled to the fullest credit, that he had directed
warrants for treason to he issued in this city
against the three principal conspirators,and that
when the first gun of rebellion reverberated from
the shores of Charleston harbor, he would have
seized those traitors, and he would have hung
them under the second 01- some other section of
the force bill, as they deserved.
But this is a digression, Mr. President. Here
was this long-cherished, well-matured conspiracy
of South Carolina extending through a genera-
tion. She had often made attempts to bring it to
aculminatingand successful point. She had a year
or two before invited Virginiaand other southern
States to unite with her in the movement; but all
her solicitations and all her blandishments proved
abortive. One of the Representatives from Vir-
ginia in the other end of the Capitol (Mr. Pryor)
was at Charleston before the bombardment of Fort
Sumter opened. He made a speech there to the
conspirators and their chiefs; and what was his
declaration to them ? "You want to get Virginia
into this conspiracy; yon can never do it until
you strike a blow;" and the next_ day the blow
was struck, and the bombardment of Fort Sumter
opened.
The gentleman knew all this history; he knew
many more minutia and details connected with it,
all tending to prove the guilt, the deepguilt, of the
conspiratois, and theirdeteimincd and unalterable
purpose to effect the dissolution of the Union.
What have.they said again and again r " The Uni-
ted States Government"—I believe they do not
call it that; they call it " Lincoln's Government"
—" may give us a blank piece of paper, and it may
ask us to write 011 that blank piece of paper out-
own conditions and terms, and we can write 110
conditions and terms upon which we will ever
consent to return to the Union." Have they not
so declared ?
The gentleman from Indiana and many others
want peace, peace! Sir, I want peace; 1 idolize
peace and all of its blessings; and oh that it had
never been interrupted in this blessed land of ours.
How can peace now be restored? Just by the
southern States disbanding their armies, giving
up the property of the United States which they
have seized,and submitting themselves to the Con-
stitution and the laws as they had submitted and
lived up to them fiom 1787 to the time of the re-
bellion. If they were to take that course, what
would be the consequences? They would have
every right that the most loyal State lias; every
citizen there would have the same rights as any
loyal citizen of the U mted States, unless it be some
of the leaders, who might be tried and hung, as I
.hope many of them will be, for their wicked trea-
son. But for the great mass of the people an act
of amnesty would-be passed; the vail of oblivion
would be drawn. All gieat movements in rebel-
lion have to be treated in that way: the masses
have to be pardoned and forgiven; only the lead-
ers and the wicked ones are punished. If the
masses of the people of those States would return
to their allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and act and live as they had a£ted and
lived before this wicktd rebellion commenced, and
would come into the American fold and claim and
enjoy every liberty, every right, every privilege,
which the moot loyal State has, which the most
