1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3375
to men who are prepared to meet their responsi-
bilities. The idea of conciliating our enemies was
never, in my judgment, a wiseide^; but whatever
it may have been at an earlier period, the time has
passed for all such thoughts. We must meet the
enemiesofthecoun try and overcome them by force.
To talk about the confiscation of their estates
during their lifetime in a bill which provides for
hanging them as soon as you can catch them, is
an absurdity. I have no disposition to find fault
that any opinions honestly entertained are firmly
adhered to. If the President has objections to the
bill which has been passed, 1 desire them to be
presented in the proper foim,and I shall have great
respect for them. There have been difficulties in
the minds of some of our best men in both Houses
of Congress in coming to a conclusion upon this
question of confiscation, and the constitutional
principles involved in it. Letus meetthem openly
and fairly. If I had doubts, I would expiess them,
I would stand upon them, and would have no hesi-
tation in doing so. We can reach results by open
and direct action, better than by anysideway be-
hind-the-door practice. It is no way to meet these
questions. I will not vote for any proposition that
comes here in that shape; I should scarcely be
disposed to do so if I was otherwise in favor of
it. I make the objection that I do not think this
is the proper mode to meet our responsibilities
here. The time has come, in my judgment, when
the Senate and Congress and the people of the
country must come up to their work and assume
their responsibilities to save the country from its
enemies, and to save it from timid counsels and
halfway measures.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I think if my
colleague had reflected a little more, and not gone
off so impulsively, he would have been a little
more moderate in the terms he has employed in
reference to this subject. I cannot see anything
so monstrous in this proposition; nor can I sec,
what Senators seem to think they see, that there
is anything which should be characterized as du-
ress in this matter. Let us see how it stands.
We have a proposition before Congress for the
confiscation of rebel property. It has received a
very protracted and full discussion. One of the
questions which have been the subject of discus-
sion has been, whether or not the Constitution
of the United States authorizes the real estate of
rebels to be confiscated for a longer period than
their natural lives. Upon that question lawyeis
in Congress, in both Houses of Congress, have
differed radically. Some of the best lawyers in
Congress are of opinion that you cannot confis-
cate the property of rebels beyond their lives. I
am not one of those. I sought, upon an early
occasion, to show, as I thought, at any rate satis-
factorily to myself, that the entire real estate for-
ever might be confiscated. I believe it may. That
is my construction of the Constitution; but other
lawyers, better lawyers than myself, have a dif-
ferent opinion. Now, it may as well be known
that the President entertains the latter view. He
is of opinion that the real estate of rebels cannot,
for treason, be confiscated beyond the term of
their live%; and if the bill now before the Presi-
dent is allowed to stand as it is, it will be vetoed—
we may as well understand it—and solely upon
that ground. It is a bill that contains other and
very valuable and. important provisions. We
may as well look at the question just as it is—
what is best, what is expedient, what is wise.
There is no duress about it; there is no threat
about it; there is nothing so monstrous about it.
Wc are to look at it just in this light: here is a
bill passed, containing a provision by which the
real estate of traitors will be confiscated forever;
the President says, " I think that is unconstitu-
tional; I think all that Congress can do is to pass
a bill confiscating their real estate for their lives."
He says, 44 that is my objection to the bill; I cor-
dially approve of the bill all but that; that I can-
not sanction"," heie wc arc with a resolution to
adjourn to-morrow; the question is whether we
shall allow that veto to come in to-day, or whether
we shall so modify the bill by this resolution that
we shall have the benefit of the bill with that ex-
ception. Can any man in his senses douhtas to
what is expedient in that respect? We have got
a valuable bill; all agree that it is a valuable bill;
it is an efficient bill; but it will have to be modified
in this one respect to suit the constitutional scru-
ples of the President, or we lose it altogether.
I am surprised to witness the excitement of
members on this subject. The President asks
nothing of Congress; he does not undertake to
dictate to Congress; but some persons feeling an
interest in this subject, aware of its importance in
the present crisis of our history, have sought to
ascertain what the difficulties were, and they have
ascertained this to be the objection of the Pres-
ident. The question is what is wise, what is best?
and upon that question, it seems to mc, Senators
ought not to differ. It seems to me that it is wise
that we should pass this declaratory resolution,
declaring that to be the effect of the bill, and thus
relieve the bill of the difficulties which the Pres-
identfinds in it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 do not rise for
the purpose of making a speech on this subject;
but it seems to me that the question is entirely a
novel one. It comes before us m a way unknown
to the Constitution, and in a manner that is utterly
illegitimate. I do not know who has a right to
speak to this Senate authoritatively of what the
opinions of the President are upon constitutional
questions. I should like to know who it is thatis
the authorized organ of communication between
the Senate and the Executive upon the subject of
vetoes. If there is any such relation between this
body and the President we ought to have a com-
mittee on vetoes; we ought to have a committee to
wait on the President whenever we send him a bill,
to know what his royal pleasure is in regard to it;
and whether it contains anything he would like to
modify. Sir, thatis not the Constitution. Itdoes
notconsist with the dignity of this body. It is our
constitutional light, it is our constitutional duty to
pass all such laws as we believe ought to be passed.
We certainly ought to pass none that we do not
believe to be constitutional. But when we have
performed this duty, and have sent him, through
the organized channels of communication with the
Executive, a bill for his consideration, there is
only one constitutional way m which we can as-
certain what his views and opinions are in regard
to it. Do you tell me that somebody takes an
interest and goes mousing around the President
to see if thoie is any little difficulty that may be
removed, and comes back here to speak author-
itatively in the Senate what the opinions of the
President are? Sir, it is disgraceful; it is a total
surrender of the dignity of this body; it is an un-
constitutional submission. You have no more right
to make such a surrender than to usurp a power
not belonging to you. Wc have only one proper
course to puisue, and that is to await a commu-
nication from the President as to whether he ap-
proves or disapproves our bill. If he approves,
well; if he disapproves, he gives us the reasons
upon which that disapproval is founded, and then
the Constitution says that we shall immediately
take up and consider his objections, and see
whether we will pass the bill, notwithstandingthe
objections. We can proceed in no other way
without a violation of the Constitution, withouta
total sunender of the Constitution and of our dig-
nity as a Senate. I am astonished that men should
come in here, creeping m at the back door, with
vetoes. It is a new idea. It cannot be tolerated;
it must not he tolerated for a moment.
Sir, I should be exceedingly soiry if thcPresi-
dentof the United States should find insurmount-
able objections to this most useful of all bills, one
that lies deeper in the hearts of the people than
anything we have done during the session or can
do. If it should fail to meet the approbation of
the President of the United States, I can tell him
it will be the saddest announcement that ever went
out from this Capitol; but nevertheless it is his
constitutional right to sit in judgment upon what
we have done; lie may veto it if he will, and take
the responsibilities of that veto. The Constitution
defines our duties and his duties. I will live up
to mine; I will be responsible for what 1 do, and
he shall be icsponsiblc for what he does, and there
shall be no back-kitchen way of doing this busi-
ness.
We cannot consider this bill in the light m
which it has been presented to us. We aie told
that some gentlemen, taking an interest in this
measu re, have been toseethePresident. Some gen-
tlemen are very fortunate in that respect. Others,
when they go to see the President, find that they
are debarred all access to him. Nobody can see
htm, it seems, except some privileged gentlemen
who are charged with his constitutional con-
science ! I do not choose to take them as his or-
gan. The Constitution has pointed out the proper
course. Let his message come here and be read,
and then 1 shall know what it is. I hope that no
Senator will be influenced in his action on this
question by suggestions starting in an unconsti-
tutional, illegitimate manner. It is the most un-
fortunate thing during the whole war. If the Pres-
ident has come to a deliberate conclusion on full
consideration that the confiscation bill is uncon-
stitutional, let him veto it, and then we must do
the best we can after he has given the reasons on
which he sees fit to object to it; but 1 utterly pro-
test against the manner in which this thing is
brought here.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, we passed a confiscation bill after many
months of anxious discussion, in which the best'
men of the Senate widely differed; wo^passed that
bill after days and nights of anxious deliberation,
after a conference between the two Houses. I
regard it as a measure of vital importance to the
country, and I regret to hear that there is any
doubt in the mind of the President as to signing
that bill. But whatever doubts theie may be in
the mind of the President, there is now a meas-
ure before us to modify the provisions of that
act. I think the proposed modification of very
little significance or importance; but if the passage
of the measure now before us will relieve any-
body in the Senate, or anybody out of the Sen-
ate, I am ready to give my vote for it. I regard
a confiscation bill as of great importance to this
country in the present struggle; and so regarding
it, I shall vote to-day, and vote most cheeifully,
without any feeling on the subject, for the joint
resolution now before us, if it will contribute in
any way to the consummation of the great meas^
ure of this session.
I admit that there is so moth ins; about this_ whole
affair which seems to me to be somewhat irregu-
lar and hardly proper; but I do not choose to get
up a controversy about the dignity of the Senate
or of Congress, or of the rights of the President.
I believe the mcasuic involved to be above ail
these considerations; and so believing, I shall give
my vote for the resolution now pending befoio us.
I Uust the Senate will calmly reflect upon the sub-
ject, regard the transcendent importance of the
great question involved m the issue and the de-
plorable results that will follow defeat, and agree
to save as much of the measure as we can—a
measure which we who voted for it believe essen-
tial to the triumph of the country in the gieat re-
bellion in which we are engaged. Foi myself,
therefore, I choose to forgotajl irregularities, not
to stand upon the dignity of the Senate, or the
rights of, this body or that body, but to go for the
measure because I believe it to be for the cause
of our country, which in this hour of gloom and
darkness demands of us every effort and every
sacrifice that we can make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some remarks which fell
from the honoiable Senator fiotn Ohio caught my
ear as I came into the Senate, which necessarily
call for some reply from me. lam not m the habit
of doing anything in an indirect manner, and I
thmk Senators will bear me witness that I am not
much in the habit of visiting the Executive or the
Executive Departments.
Mr. WADE. I beg to have it understood that
I know nothing as to the manner in which this
thingcame in, by whose agency,oranythingabout
it, except, as it has been announced on this floor,
that somebody brought it in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it is precisely about
that somebody that 1 am speaking. The Senator's
remarks were general, and if they apply to me. I
wish to let him and the countiy have the benefit
of the facts.
It is evident that a proposition of this kind could
not have been introduced unless upon some idea
that it was necessary to do, so for some good rea-
son. I heard in the course of yesterday that it
was possible the bill which we passed would not
meet the assent of the Piesident. I do not know
that there is the slightest impropriety, in such a
case, or m any case, for a Senator who has taken
part in the passage of measures, to ask the Pres-
ident what his views arc in reference to them. It
is exceedingly common, and always has been in
our Government; and I do not know, except as
a question of propriety between the member and
the President, that thne is any objection to it. At
