3376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16.
any rate, if there is, it does not apply to me Very
largely, because if I have done it in this instance,
it is the first time in my life. I was solicited by
several members to see the President on the sub-
ject, because we should all regard the fact that the
\>ili did not meet the views of the President in some
particulars as a misfortune, and a very serious
misfortune. A difference of opinion on an import-
ant measure between Congress and the President
is always to be regretted. But it is to be consid-
ered, and I ask gentlemen to consider this fact,
that the President is an important branch of this
Government, and that without his signature no
bill can become a law unless it be passed over his
veto by two thirds of both branches of Congress.
This measure is a ver^f important measure. It is
one in which the people feel a very deep interest.
It is one in which I feel a very strong interest, and
in which I have professed a strong interest from
the beginning. I voted for it as it went to the
President, although gentlemen must be aware,
from my known opinions, that I voted for it with
some hesitation as to some of its provisions and
its constitutional bearings. Still I voted for it. I
yielded my opinions to those of many gentlemen
who differ from mc, and took this bill as a com-
promise between the jarring opinions of different
members of the Senate. Wc cannot get rid of the
fact that this-right exists on the part of the Pres-
ident, that he is as much entitled to his opinions
as we are to ours, and to the respectful expression
of them; and I believe that whatever opinions the
President may express, will be honestly expressed.
Now, sir, what is the part of common sense
under such circumstances? If all the essential
features of the bill can be retained, or if the greater
number of the most essential features can be se-
cured by yielding one, without which the bill can-
not become a law, or may not become a law, what
is the objection, as a matter of common sense and
common prudence, to taking the best we can and
the most, we can under such circumstances? Is
there any loss of dignity in that? Is there any
loss of character on the part of the Senate ? Is it
better that no bill be passed with regard to this ob-
ject, which gentlemen profess to have, and have,
bo much at heart? Is it best to have an open defi-
ance, and to say that nobody shall have an opin-
ion but ourselves ? That would seem to be the in-
ference from the argument. I have always been
opposed to that idea. AVbile I am very anxious
to have my own views earned out into practice,
I acknowledge the same right on the partof others
in the same position with myself ami those in a
different position from myself, if they are to act
on the same subject.
Laboring under this impression, of the very
great impot tance of passing this bill, of wot coming
in eolliMou or bringing the cmmtiy in collision ,
with the Piesident, following out the suggestions
and the ie<|itesis of gentlemen who thought as I
did m relation to the matter, I took the responsi-
bility, with anot her gentleman, of calling u pon the
Piesident to inquire his views. 1 avow it here be-
fore the country; and if gentlemen choose to make
anv insinuations about the views ot the lixocutivo
and going to the Executive and all that, and being
an agent ora committee of the Senate orassuming
to act, I care not. I acted for myself as a single Sen-
atot upon my own responsibility, and I am ready
lo assume it before the Senate and before the eoun-
tiy, in the anxious desne I had to know whether
we were to meet this misfortune,and whether there
was no way to avoid it. Therefoi e ail the remai ks
which the S-nator from Ohio has made fall upon
me, and I must take the consequences, and I am
ready to do so with perfect cheerfulness. What
I have done has been in obedience to a solemn
sense of duty to my country in a <rt-e.it crisis, and
1 trust 1 shall be able to do much more.
Now, sir, for the result. It is useless for me—
and I do not deem it ad visahle or necessary—to go
into details. I am of the opinion that with the
passage of tins explanatory ievolution, all dillicit 1-
te s will pa^.s away. I have no doubt of that fact.
Allow me to inqui! e, if it so happens that the Pres-
ident sets a constitutional difficulty in his way
which he cannot surmount, can you ask him to sur-
mount Jt; Can any man ask him to disobey it?
Can any Senator, or any Representative, in de-
cency request the Piesident of the United States,
acting under his oath to suppoi t the Constitution
of the United States, to violate his view of the Con-
stitution, in obedience to yours or miner No,sii.
No man could ask him to do so without being
guilty of a personal insult. It cannot be expected.
The question simply remains, if such is by
any possibility the state of the fact, do gentlemen
choose to stand on a punctillio as to a mode of
proceeding? Time is of some consequence. We
are to adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'clock, me-
ridian. There is very little time left in which to
act on a matter of this description. This is in fact
the only way we can act under the rules of the
Senate with any effect. It is a perfectly legal and
constitutional mode of action. We have a right to
pass an explanatory act in reference to an act
that we have passed, before that act has been
signed and gone into operation. Nobody can
doubt that. If we pass a bill hastily, even before
it is sig'ned wc can pass another bill explanatory
of it; and if they are both signed, they both equally
become laws. There can be no question of the en-
tire power of the Senate to act in that way. Will
gentlemen, from temper, at this period of the
session, with a great public measure pending—a
measure which they profess to believe of infinite
importance, in which our constituents feel a deep
interest—say that they will make a point upon the
form of proceeding, when the consequence may
probably be to defeat any bill because of the time
fixed for adjournment, and the unwillingness of
members of both Houses to extend it? This may
be the only mode in which gentlemen can accom-
plish their purpose, to all and every extent, except
in one particular. Would not that be the part of
unreasonable men ? Would it be acting like legis-
lators who desire—what they profess to desire—
the £;ood of their country, by the passage ofa bill
of this description ? Would it not be acting with
temper and heat, that kind of temper and heat
which for the sake of supplying a form would
sacrifice the substance, which, if they cannot have
all they desire, and as they desire it, will have
nothing at all?
This is the simple state of the fact, and I rose
lo say thus much to the Senate, to take all my
share of responsibility; and I have no fear of put-
ting myself before the country on that responsi-
bility which I have taken.
Air. POWELL. Mr. President,itisnotmy pur-
nose to enter into this debate except very briefly.
1 shall say nothing upon the propriety or the im-
propriety of the President desiring the modifica-
tion of this bill. I shall leave that matter to be
settled by his friends. 1 now notify the Senate
that at the proper time 1 will move to amend the
pending amendment by striking out the word
" real" before "estate," so that, confining the for-
feiture to life, it shall apply to all estates, both real
and personal; and upon that point 1 will remark
vei y hi lefly.
I am clearly of opinion, and have expressed it
heretofore m the Senate, that the clause in the
Constitution which declares that " no attainder of
treason shall wotk coriuption of blood or forfeit-
ure, except during the life of the person attainted,"
applies both to peisonal and real estate. The chief
object I have in view now, however, is to call the
attention of the Senate to a very short, but in my
mind a very cogent argument that cites the au-
thorities on this subject. I have delivered to the
cleik a wntten article upon tins very subject,
which was sent to me some days ago, by Judge
Nicholas, of Louisville, Kentucky, who is one of
the best lawyers in the country,and he has writ-
ten most luminously on all this subject of confis-
cation and the war power. He wrote this article
with a view of having it inserted in the National
Intelligencer of this city, and he inclosed it to me
for that purpose; but as it is so much m point I
ask to have it read to the Senate. Judge Nicholas
cites the opinions expressed upon this point by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,]_and
by the Senator fiom Massachusetts, [Air. Sum-
ner,] and he makes his aigument, adduces his
authorities, to oveithiow the error into which
those Senators had fallen.
1 am delighted, sir, to see that the President has
indicated a deaire to icgard the Constitution in
this measuio. I piay God that he will do it in all
cases, and I am soriy he has not heretofore done
it more resolutely than he has, I now ask the
Clerk to rcak the manuscript that i have placed
in his hands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
rorflltcrk—confiscation'.
' Personalty, hy the Engli-li law. was never fotfeited by
an attainder of treason. It was the realty, and the realty
only, that the attainder acted on; and when they say no
attainder shall hereafter woik a forfeiture, they mean it
shall not hereafter work a foifpimre upon the same estate
that it heretofoie acted upon. An attainder nevei did act
upon the personalty at all, never touched it; it affected the
realty only, leaving the personalty to bo dealt with as the
wisdom of Congress might see fit."— Senator Browning,
Congressional Globe,71.
« It is admitted bv Senator Hint the words, of the Con-
stitution do not forbid the (oifeiutre of peisonal estate ; so
that a person attainted of treason would bo made to foiteit
all his personal estate, no matter what its amount."—Sen-
ator Sumner, Congressional Globe, 2190.
To pi event a repetition of such gross, pernicious blun-
der the attention of those Senators and others is invited
to the following citations from so familiar and accuiate an
authority as Blackstone's Commentaries :
" By attainder for treason or other telony, forfeituie of
lands and of whatsoever else the offender possessed, was
the doctrine of the old Saxon law."—Vol. 2, ^51.
" Upon judsment of outlawry or of death, lor treason or
felony, a man shall be said to be attainted."— Vol. 4, dt> 1.
" The forfeiture of goods and chattels acci ues in cvei y one
of the higher kinds of oiFen-c : in high treason or mispris-
ion theieof, petit treason, felonies of all sorts, whether cler-
gyable or not," &c.— Vol. 4, 386.
*" There is a difference between the foifeiture of lands and
of zood> find chattels. Lauds aie forfeited upon attainder
and not before; goods and chattels aie forfeited by convic-
tion. Because, in many of the eases where goods are for-
feited there never is any attauulei j which happens only
whoic judgment <>f death oi outlawiy is given. The lor-
Icituie of lands has relation to the tune of the fact com-
mitted, so as to avoid subsequent sales and conveyances;
but the forfeiture of chattels has no relation backwards ; so
that those only which a man has at the time of conviction
shall be forfeited. Therefoie, a traitor or felon may, bona
fide, sell any of his chattels, real oi peisonal, between the
fact and conviction, for no buyer could be sale it he weie
liable to return the goods lie had fairly bought, piovtded any
ot the prior vendors had committed treason oi felony
Vol. 4, U87.
Thereto)e the Constitution, in saving " no attamdci of
licason shall woik forfeituie except duimg the Itle of the
pel son attainted,5' include^ pcisonal as much as real estate.
Theielore, also, Congies-, can in no way, dnectly or ui-
dnectlv, punish tica^oii hy emancipation, lor quo ad the
punishment of tteason the owner ot a slave has only a lite
estate, ami the owner of such lite estate has no power of
emancipation. Or, at most, all that Congress could do in
the way of penalty, would be to emancipate during the lite
of the owner; but this would be so manifestly unjust to
the icinainder-jnan that no fair-minded peison would con-
tend loi that mode of exeicising the power.
There is still a stiomjer rea.-on against such exercise of
the supposed power. Senator Sumner, in the same speech,
(page 9190) admits: "Confess ha* no power under the Con-
stitution over slavery in the States." "Congiess has no
duect power over slavciv m the States so a- to abolish or
limit it." Now, all the slave States prohibit emancipation,
except in the manner their statutes specially prescribe.
Congress can rightfully, legally, do nothing in reteienee to
this peculiar propeitv, whether by way of punishment or
otherwise, in violation of this necessary settled policy of
those States. Congiess may foifeit and hold, or forfeit anil
sell slaves by due process of law in punishment ol treason,
but the Coverntuentor it=puichaser must take and hold the
property subject to the State law.
This equally disposes of all claim of power in the Pres-
ident, or one of his su'>-militai> commanders, to emanci-
pate by proclamation. They can have tn that pailicular,or
any oihei, no power not given by Congress cxpiesslyor
impliedly. As Congress cannot, give such powei dnectly,
it cannot be implied. If claimed as an incident to the light
of eminent domain, then it become* private pioperty taken
foi public use, lor which just compensation must be made
to the owner according to iho recent precedent of emanci-
pation in the District of Columbia, if claimed as an inci-
dent to the power of caiiying on the war, then it is met by
that highest authonty, the Declaration of Independence,
denouncing it a> conluuy to the usages of civili/.ed war-
fare. It therefoie cannot be implied m the siknce of the
rules and ai tides oi war, not can Congiess rightfully make
it pan of them.
UospeeUuliy submitted by S. S. NICHOLAS.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose tomgue
the question further. I merely desired to present
the aigument of one of the most eminent jurists
of America, on this very point; and I hope that
while the President is investigating this matter he
will condescend to look at that argument. I move
now, if it be in order, to sti ike out the word "real"
in the amendment of the Senator from New
Ham pshire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to move an amendment to a pending amendment.
The Senator from Kentucky moves to amend the
amendment by striking out the woid "real" be-
fore "estate."
Mr, KING. I shall oppose the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky; but 1 rise looqness
my gratification at the frank manner in which the
Senatorfrom Maine has presented this whole case
to the Senate. He certainly has done well, and
he has my thanks for his interposition in this
matter, and for the frank manner in which lie has
stated it The facts which he has stated, however,
do not change my ideas as to the propriety of the
action to be taken on the pan of the legislative
body of the country. Wc should receive no com-
