2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
exercise of the right secured to us by the constitutions of
th«  United States and the State of Virginia.
(i 6 Resolved, That we also recommcml to the citizens
of the several counties to vote at said election for such per-
sons afentertain the opinions expressed m the loreffoing
resolutions for members ot the Senate and House of Dele
gates That in view of the geographical, social,
commercial, and industrial interest? of northwestern Vir-
ginia thN convention arc contained, in giving expression
to the opinion of their constituents, to declare that the Vir-
ffinia convention, in assuming to change the relation of the
State of Virginia to the Federal Government, have not only
acted unwisely and unconstitutionally, but have adopted a
policy uttei ly ruinous to all the material interests of ou r sec-
tion, severing all oui social ties and drying up all the chan-
nels of our trade and prosperity.''
It is to the eighth resolution that I particularly
wish to refer Senators at this time:
« 8. Resolved, That in the event of the ordinance of se-
cession being ratified by a vote, we recommend to the peo-
ple of the counties here represented, and all others disposed
to cooperate with us, to appoint, on the 4th day of
1861. delegates to a general convention, to meet on the nth
of that month, at such place as may he designated by the
committee hereinafter provided, to devise such measures
and take such action as the safety and welfare of the peo-
ple they represent may demand—eacn county to appoint a
number of representatives to said convention equal to
double the number to which it will be entitled m the next
House of Delegates; and the Senators and Delegates to be
elected on the 23d instant, by the counties referred to, to
the next General Assembly of Virginia"—
That is, under the regular election of the State—
"and who concur in the views of this convention, to be en
titled to seats in the said convention as members thereof.
« 9. Resolved, That inasmuch as it is a conceded politi-
cal axiom, that Government is founded on the consent oi
the governed and is instituted for their good, and it cannot
be denied that the course pursued by the lulmg power ot
the State is utterly subversive and de&ttuctiveol our inter-
ests, we believe we may rightfully and f-uceeasfully appeal
to the proper authorities of Virginia to permit us peacelully
and lawfully to sepaiate from the ic^due of the State,and
form ourselves into a government to give ehect to the
wishes, views, and inieiests of oui constituents.
" 10. 'Resolved, That the pub! ic authoi iti es be assured that
the people of the northwest will exert their utmost power to
preserve the peace, which they feci satisfied they can do,
until an oppouunUy is aftord'ul to see it our present diffi-
culties cannot receive* a peaceful solution ; and we cxpiess
the earnest hope that no troops ot the confederate States be
Jnuudueed anions u-, a* we behove it would be eminently
calculated to pioduce civil wai.
uli. Resolved, That in the language ot Washington li^
his letter ot the 17th of Srptcmbei, 17d7, to the Pte^idcntof
Congrc-s* : i in all oui delibeiations on this subject we have
kepthtcndily i  view that which appears to us the greatest
interest of every tine American, the consolidation ot our
Union, in which is involved oui pio^perity, felicity, safety,
and pcihap-* out national existence.' And therefore we
will maintain and detend the Constitution of the 1'inted
States, and the laws made in pursuance thereof, and ailoili-
cers acting thereunder in the lawiul disehaige of their re-
spective duties.'"
In conformity with the recommendation of
the eighth resolution aforesaid, the loyal people,
wheresoever they could do so, rallied to the polls
and selected delegates. These delegates, in con-
nection with the loyal members of the Legislature,
assembled in convention at Wheeling oil the 11th
day of June, 1861.
Meantime tlie first Virginia regiment of United
States volunteers had been organized, and, led
on by the gallantiColoncl (now General) Kelley,
supported by troops sent from Ohio and Indiana,
had routed the enemy at Philippa. Before the
advance of these troops, nearly every judge of our
courts, neaily every prosecuting attorney, many
of the justices of the peace, a majority of our sher-
iffs, many of thecouimissionei'softhe revenue,and
ofall classes and grades ofoivil office, had fled t'rotn
the loyal counties to Richmond and other places
within the lines of the enemy, and many of those
daring to remain were disloyal, and unwilling to
yield "allegiance to the United States, or to aid in
the enforcement of the laws of the United States,
but were actually employing their authoiity and
offices to harass'the loyal citizens, and brmgthem
into subjection to the usurped government at Rich-
mond and Montgomery.
Now, sir, reflect a moment upon the condition
- ofthe people of Western Vngmiaat this time and
under these circumstauccs. We were without a
judiciary, either loyal or disloyal, in Western
Virginia; two of the three judges had fled. We
were without sheriffs and conservators of the
peace. They had fled. We were without ihe
means of enforcing tlie laws for redress of civil
grievances or for punishment of crimes and mis-
demeanors. We were without legal protection
of life, liberty, or property. Sir, I am using no
figures of speech. I am indulging in no hyper-
bole. I am reciting facts, stubborn, literal facts.
What were we to do? What could or ought we
to have done ?
I will tell you what we did. The convention
thus provided and elected, composed of delegates
chosen by the people, and of the loyal members
ofthe Legislature, as I have already stated, as-
sembled in Wheeling on the 11th day of June,
1861, and, in the language of our present excel-
lent Governor, they
" Declared the offices of Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
and Attorney General vacant, by reason of those who had
occupied them having joined the rebellion, ana proceeded
to fill those offices, for a term of six months, with loyal per-
sons, who were to continue in office during these six months
and until their successors were elected by the people.
And here let me again recur to the language of
the Governor thus chosen. Says he:
"Tlie action of the Wheeling convention was not, as
some have supposed, confined in its scope to Western Vir-
ginia ; it goes to the whole State. It i* made the duty of
the Executive to restore all the officers of every giade, civil
and military, to be administered by loyal men. in every
county m the State. As a tes>t of loyalty, each officer is ic-
quiicd to take an oath tosuppoit the Constitution or the
United Slates, and ofthe restored government of Vngima,
as vindicated by the convention at Wheeling, which as-
sembled on the 11th day of June, 1861. On the refusal or
failure of the officeholder to take these oaths, it is the duty
ofthe Executive to declare the ofiiec vacant, and to otder
an election to fill the vacancy.
"In obedience to the ordinances of the convention,
nearly forty counties have been reoiganized. Those hold-
in" office who took the prescribed oaths, retained their posi-
tion : of those who refused, the offices were declared va-
cant, and loyal men were elected to fill them. 1 hey are
actm" now harmoniously under the lawn oi the united
State", and the laws ot Virginia made betore the ordinance
of secession was passed."
Still availing myself of the language of the Gov-
ernor, as to the purpose and proceedings of this
convention:
" It was not the object of the Wheeling convention to set
up any new government in the State, or separate, or other
government than tlie one under which they had always
lived They made a single alteiation in the constitution ot
the State, which prescribes the number of delegates in the
General Assembly which shall be necessary to constitute
a quotum."
Wore not the loyal people of Virginia justifi-
able in these proceedings? What loss could thry
have done ? They weie in a sfatfi of anarchy and
civil disfranchisement. Their chief magistrate
and other executive officers essential to the main-
tenance of law and order had abdicated their au-
thority. False to the obligations of law, false to
his supreme allegiance, false to the Constitution of
his own State and of the United States, false to 1ns
oath to support both, Governor Letcher had sworn
allegiance to the so-called confederate government
of the revolted States, and was using all the means
of the Commonwealth at his command to resist
the authorities of the United States, and to crush
and kill all who opposed his usurped and treason-
able assumptions of power. The same spirit ani-
mated him then 'which distinguishes his recent
IlldLeU mm tlicu wniv/n .
barbarous and bloody proclamation, in which he
declares:
" The loyal citizens of the west and northwest, in coun-
ties not herein named, are earnestly invoked to lormgucr-
i ilia companies, and sti ike, when leasr expected, once more
for tile Slate that save thorn hirth. With stern i evolve and
manly courage uphold the flag and the untarnished fame ot
the Old Dominion."
We could not apply to him for protection. He
was a traitor. He was our most cruel oppressor
and persecutor. His subordinates in the execu-
tive department of the government were cooper-
ating with him. Were we not driven to the last
resort? Were not the loyal people not merely
excusable, but compelled by inexorable necessity
to resume their original sovereign authority, and
ordain measures necessary for their protection .
But, sir, the convention did not run into any
revolutionary extremes. The State had 110 Gov-
ernor, and the convention appointed one. Other
subordinate executive offices had also been vacated
by the treason of the incumbents, and the conven-
tion clothed the Governor with power to order
elections to fill them with loyal officers. So new
office was created, no new constitutional powers
were conferred. The simple effort and object weie
to restore the government of the State, in all its
departments, to the precise position it occupied
pi lor to the passage of the ordinance oi secession.
The people—the loyal people of Virginia, who
were'the'only people of Virginia recognized by
the Constitution and the laws as having any rights
and authority in the premises—were thus driven
to the exercise of their sovereign rights, as the
fountain of governmental authority. No candid
man I think, will say they exercised that power
wantonly or wickedly. Sir, that convention made
a solemn and formal declaration of the motives
by which it was governed, and of the purposes it
designed to accomplish. I beg leave to read that
declaration to the Senate:
Jl Declaration of the People of Virginia, represented in
Convention, at the city of Wheeling, Thursday, June 33,
I 1861.
The true purpose of all government is to promote the
welfare and provide for the protection and sccuiity of the
governed ; and when any form or organization ot govern-
ment proves inadequate for, or subversive of this purpose,
It is the light,it is the duty ofthe latter, to alter or abolish
it The Bill of Eights of Virginia, framed m 17/6, reaf-
firmed m 1830, and a ain in 1851, expressly reserves this
right to a majority of her people. The act of t ie General
Alscmblv. calling the convention which assembled atlvicn-
raond in February last, without the previously expressed
consent of such majority, was therefore a usurpation; and
the convention thus called has not only abused the powers
nominally intrusted to it, but, with the connivance and
active aid of the Executive, has usurped and exercised
other powers, to the manifest injury of the people, which,
if permitted, will inevitably subject them to a military des-
^°The convention, bv its pretended ordinances, has re-
quuedthe people of Virginia to separate from and wage
war against the Government of the United States, and
against the citizens of neighboring States, with whom they .
have heretofore maintained friendly, social, and business
Tt has attempted to subveit the Union founded by Wash-
ington and his. eo-patiiots, in the former days of the Ke-
public, which has confened unexampled prosperity upon
eveiy class of citizens, and upon every section ot the
C°It has attempted to transfer the allegiance of the people
to an illegal confederacy of rebellious States, and requited
their submission to its pretended edicts and decrees.
It has attempted to place the whole military torce and
military operation* of the Commonwealth under the control
and direction of such confedeiaey, for offensive as well as
dCIt1hasanUcon3nnetlon with tlie State Executive, insti-
tuted, wherever their usurped power extends, a reign ol ter-
ror intended to suppress the free expression of the will ot
the people, making elections a mockery and a tiaud.
The same combination, even bcfoie the passage ot the
pietended ordinance of secession, in,tinned war by 1:he
sfMzuie and appropriation ot the propeity of the Fedeial
Government,and by oiganizingand mobilizing anmes, with
the avowed purpose of captuiing or destroying the capital
°*They^have'attempted to bring the allegiance ofthe peo-
ple of the United States into direct conflict with their sub-
ordinate allegiance to the Plate, thcieby making obedience
to then pretended oidinance<, treason against the former.
 < We, therefore, the delegate^ here assembled in conven-
tion t«  devise such mea&ures. and take Mich action as the
safety and welfare of the loyal citizens ot \ liginia may de-
mand, having maturely considered the piemises, and view-
in" with gie.it concern the deploiable condition 10 winch
this once hanpv Commonwealth mu=t bo reduced unless
tome reguUu adequate lemedy is speedily adopted, and ap-
pealing to the Supreme Ruler of the universe lor the rec-
titude of our intentions, do heieby,in the name and on bo
half of the good people of Virginia, solemnly declare that
the nieseivation of their dearest rights and hhcities, am)
their sccinity in person and property, imperatively demand
the reorganization ofthe government ot the Common-
wealth, and that all nets of said convention and Executive,
tending to separate this Commonwealth Irorn the United
States "or to levy and cany on war against them, are witli
out authority, and void; and that the otiiees of all who ad-
here to the said convention and Executive, whether legis-
lative, executive, or judicial, are vacated.
X be" you to observe, Mr. President, that this
does not purport to be tlie action of a part of the
people of Virginia—of northwestern Virginia, as
is usually believed—but of all the loyal people of
Virginia in convention assembled. So organized,
so influenced, and so acting, the convention pro-
ceeded to its great work. I am sure 1 shall be par-
donod for reading the first ordinance passed by
this convention.
Jin Ordinance for the reorganization of the State Govern~
merit, parsed June 19, 1£<>1.
The people of the State of Virginia, by their delegates
assembled in convention at Wheeling, do ordain as follows:
1. A Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Attorney Gen
erai for the State of Vtiginia, shall be appointed by tins con-
vention, to discharge the duties °ev
vi-hich nertam to their respective offi< es b,v the cxibtin^ laws
continue in office tor six months or
until their successors he elected and q ualified, and the
Gencial Assembly is inquired to provide by lawioran elec-
tion of Govei nor and Lieutenant Governor by the people as
soon as in then judgment sucii an election can be pioperly
he"d A council, to consist ot five members, shall be ap-
pointed by this convention, to consult with and advise the
Governor iexpecting Mich mallets peitammg to his othcial
duties as h«- shall .-nbmitfor consideration, and to aid in the
excenuon of his official oidcis. Their term of ofiiec shall
e\niie at the same time as that of the Governor.
$ The delegates ckcted to the Gcueial Assembly on the
23d day of May last, and the senator entitled under existing
: laws to seat* m the next Geneial Assembly, together with
