1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 31.
which I understand is to be terminated by notice,
or in three years from this time.
Mr. SPAULD1NG. Mr. Chairman, 1 oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
It will create a class of men in our own midst who
will be for continuing this treaty. Every proviso
that we put on this bill will render it necessary for
•ihosc-who desire to get rid of this treaty to combat
not only opposition from Canada, but opposition
from a class of our own people. I desire to have
!that treaty abrogated as speedily as possible.
The fact stated is true m reference to a great
-number of articles. Inevery step in the committee
room we found this difficulty growing out of our
taxing our own internal productions—that we
would give advantage to the Canadian over our
own producer. 11 is of immediate importance that
we should take steps to abrogate this treaty; and
I will say now that I design at an early day to
introduce a joint resolution requesting the Presi-
dent of the United States to give notice for the
■termination of that treaty as soon as it can be done
by its terms. As an evidence of the working of
the treaty I will show how our manufactures going
intoCanada have constantly been diminishing. In
.1856, the manufactured articles from this country
which went into Canada, were about eight mil-
lions, while last year they were only about four
millions under the prohibitory tariff of the Cana-
dian Parliament:
Canadian. Minister of Finance officially avows a policy adverse
to reciprocity with, the United States.
It was indeed expected, when the treaty was made, that
Canada would continue to impose moderate duties upon
Ameucan manufactures; but if, at that time, she had an-
nounced a deteimination to enact laws especially di*cnm-
inating against all forrn^ of our industry, except those which
are nominated in the bond, the benefits we have confened
upon her would never have been granted, nor can she
expect their continuance beyond the time required by the
tieaty. Yet this tendency and intention to isolate herseli
and exclude ua, cxccpt so tar as we may be purchasers ot
lier products, was not only commonly proclaimed by a large
paity in the province, but wjis officially avowed by the Ca-
nadian Minister of Finance, and various alterations have
been made In the method oflovyingdutio-s on merchandise
Of foreign origin for the avowed purpose of checking the
trade of New York and Boston.
Canadian taxation,of American productions in contrast.
The statistics of the Canadian government show that for
the first three years after the treaty (Janada taxed foity-five
times as large an amount of American pioduetions as the
Umted States taxed ot Canadian productions. Since that
time, our exports of manufactures to Canada have dimin-
ished. Having deducted from the importations fiom Can-
ada into this country the articles of non, haidwarc, and
salt, as they are not produced for exportation in Canada m
appreciable quantities, but are evidently of torojgn nngin,
the following is a tabular .statement for each fiscal year since
the treaty went into lull effect to January 1, 1861:
i Value of American products
! charged with duty in Can-
ada above that of Canadian
products charged with duty
in the United States 
i Products of the United States
on which duty was paid in
Products of Canada on which
duty was paid in the United
£
Is
4?
§ <§
Si "S
o £.
CO
o
o
"JO
CO
Oi
o> ^
o Jo
o "co
CO to
OJ ®
CD
Vr
Vt
tD
"cj tr>
o< o
CO CO
<x>
Ci
CO
m
*©
to
CO
GO
CO
CO
<*>
-.j co
.CO M
A
<X> Oi
CO
oi
o
rf*.
JO
iO
n
^ Es
*7* cn
"o
& 2
CO
CT5
©
As another evidence of how unjustly the treaty
operates, look at the tonnage passing through the
St. Lawrence river and at the tonnage which clears
from Chicago in British bottoms. The offset of
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence river is
not equaled by the advantages they get by the
navigation of the straits of Mackinaw and Lake
Michigan. I have some statistics on that subject.
The number of British vessels cleared from Chi-
cago alone and passing through Lake Michigan,
was one hundred and nine, while the number
passing through the St. Lawrence was only forty.
So you see that there is very little reciprocity so
far as that is concerned; that the advantage accru-
ing to this Government from the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence river is not equal to what we
have surrendered in the free navigation of Lake
Michigan. And upon almost everything where
we come into competition with Canada, they have
discriminated against us, although they agreed in
the treaty to extend a liberal policy towards us.
They have discriminated in the canal tolls. They
have established free ports designed to divert trade
from us and to promote smuggling upon the fron-
tier by persons engaged in the British and Amer-
ican trade. They have discriminated against us
upon the freights upon the Grand Trunk railroad,
as well as upon passengers. They have avowed
a discriminating policy against us, openly avowed
it, in the report made to the Canadian Parliament
by the Minister of Finance. They have discrim-
inated against us on the Welland canal:
"It was enacted by Congtess, Match 3,1S17, see. 4, that
£no 'goods' shall be impoitcd undei penalty of forfeit-
ure thueof from one port in the United States to anothei
poit ot the United States in a vessel belonging wholly or
in pait to a subject of any foieign Poweiand the evasion
of this law by these railroads enabling Canadian to com-
pete with American vessels may be illustrated by the case
of the Welland lailrond, a line only about twcntv-eigbt
imlesiu length, and running alongside ofthe Welland canal.
Its owners catned a huge piopoition of the giain sent las>t
year tiom Chicago to Oa-wego, leceiving it at one end of
"their line from Canadian vessels, and delivering it to ves-
sels ot the same nationality at the othei.thus by the simple
process of tianshipmcnt, evading and Initiating tin; laws
by which no foic-ign vo*t el could cany diicetly from Chi-
cago to Oswego. In this competition of shipping intciests
there can be no equality so long as Canadian legislation
makes the price of ship-building material cheaper in their
country than in this."
In every possible way they have discriminated
against us; and so odious has the reciprocity treaty
become upon the frontier that our people are unan-
imously in favor of its speedy termination.
I am in favor of striking out the provision in
regard to tax on flour, for the reason stated by me
this morning, and for the reasons stated by the
committee. The discrimination against us would
be so strong that our millers could not stand up
in competition against the Canadian millers. A
tax of ten cents a barrel would greatly injure all
our millers, if it did not shut up all our mills upon
the frontier.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to make an inquiry. I ask
my colleague whether a tax upon the sales of flour
in the United States would not obviate all the dif-
ficulty in this matter? Would not that prevent
any discrimination against us?
Mr. SPAULD1NG. It has been suggested to
the Committee of "Ways and Means, desiring to
have flour taxed in some form, that the sales of
flour in the United States might be taxed and the
barrels branded at the time of sale; but they have
not deemed proper to adopt it. They have doubted
whether a tax on the sale of flour might be con-
sidered as an evasion ofthe treaty. I am not now
piepared to say that it cannot be done; but thus
far the committee have deemed it inexpedient to
tax flour in that way. If we cannotget sufficient
revenue without, it may be deemed best to try the
experiment hereafter.
Mr. MENZIES. Mr. Chairman,! believe that
the Committee of Ways and Means in their ori-
ginal report had come to a proper and just conclu-
sion on this subject, and I was unable to hear any
reason from the chairman of that committee which
would make me change my opinion. It is a mat-
ter of just taxation, and one well calculated to
produce revenue. Because it can pay is no reason
against this; on the contrary, it is a good reason
why the tax should be imposed. But it is said
that the difficulty in the way is that this is one of
the articles enumerated in the reciprocity treaty,
which has been so much referred to. I do not
believe that tins tax would cause our wheat to be
sent to Canada to be manufactured. I have no
doubt that the greater portion ofthe wheat giown
in this country will be manufactured at home. I
have no doubt that I can acquit my consciencc of
any immorality in voting for the plan suggested
by my colleague, [Mr. Wickliffe.] I would
have no squeamishness of conscience on that sub-
ject whatever. It occurs to me that this is a tax
moderate and just. Ten cents a barrel is not an
onerous tax, and it will not, 1 think, have the effect
to drive our wheat into Canada to be manufac-
tured into flour. I have not seen any proposition
to raise revenue by imposing a tax upon any man-
ufactured article which seems to me to be more
reasonable and just. I want to vote for the propo-
sition as it came originally from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. DELANO. I oppose the amendment to
strike out this tax upon flour, and I do it agreeing
entirely with the gentleman from Kentucky who
has just taken his seat. This provision was in-
serted by the Committee of Ways and Means
because it was an article of prime necessity, and
would yield revenue upon a fairer basis than any
other article which could be the subject of an im-
position. If there is any sentiment m that part of
the country which I represent, and especially
among the poorer classes, stronger than another,
it is that these articles of prime necessity may be
taxed. They desire that they may share in the
privilege of bearing the burdens of this Govern-
ment. I am not able to say why it is that in this
stage of the discussion the Committee of Ways
and Means, after recommending this tax upon full
investigation, should now propose to withdraw it
from the bill. Were they ignorantwhen this mat-
ter was before them in committee that there was
a reciprocity treaty ? Was not the gentleman from
Ne w Yoi k [Mr. Spaulding] equal I y well informed
what was necessary to save his constituents against
Canadian competition? Yet this provision was
put deliberately before the I-Iouse. I believe that
it is obvious to gentlemen cognizant of the sub-
ject, that an imposition of ten cents upon a barrel
of flour manufactured in the United States will not
prejudice the manufacturers of that article so that
competition from the Canada side will drive our
millers from the market. That is the single ques-
tion before us. If ten cents is too high a tax, then
let the Committee of Ways and Means tell us what
is the maximum imposition that will save our bor-
dercounties from successful competition from the
other side. It seems to me that it is their duty to
let us have a tax upon this article of prime neces-
sity.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Is it in order to move a
substitute for this paragraph at this time?
The CHAIRMAN. Any amendment offered
must be an amendment to an amendment. The
Committee of Ways and Means have moved to
strike out the clause.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When I was up before I
was not able to specify the articles which had been
exempt from taxation until this treaty was an-
nulled. I have since ascertained that they are coal
and iron; and I propose now, by my amendment,
to put flour upon the same footing.
The question was taken upon the proviso; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out all
after the word " on," as follows:
Flour, manufactured fiom wheat, ten cents per barrel of
one hundied and ninety-six pounds, and in like pioportion
for iefcs oi gi eater quantities put up tor'.ale in sacks or other
packages : Provided, That tlour made or manufactured at
any mill for customeis, for their own consumption, and not
for sale, shall be exempt fiom duty.
And insert:
The sales of all flour and coal, one half of one per cent,
on the amount of such &ales.
My impression is, that the difficulty the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have encountered in
this reciprocity treaty, is a difficulty which is in-
cidental to the bill rather than to the treaty. Cer-
tainly it can be no infraction of the terms of the
treaty or a breach of good faith, after the flour is
imported into the United States from Canada and
after it has become subject to our internal police
regulations, to levy an excise upon it, in the same
way precisely as we levy an excise upon the sales
of our own country. I think, therefore, that the in-
firmity is with the bill rather than with our power
to assess this tax.
While all the vast mineral interests of this coun-
try, while all the carrying trade, with the excep-
