434*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
loyal iT^afl ill the Union has, our arms would be
opened wide to welcome them. Here tire the con-
ditions of peace. Could anything be more just,
more liberal, more beneficent than these condi-
tions?
But, sir, those men have resolved and resolved
again that never, never would they submit to any
such conditions. They say," our independence
must be acknowledged; our confederated States
must exist as an independent Power of the earth;
this must be conceded by the Government of the
United States; and until it is conceded, we are for
war, and we will wage it forever." Have they
not lived up to that position? I said last summer
when I was here, to the President: " Mr. Presi-
dent, here is a great internal strife; here is a large
portion of the States of the United States that have
revolted against the General Government, and that
are now waging war against it for the establish-
ment of their own government; you will find this,
I think, to be true, that both parties will under-
rate the power and energies and strength and spirit
of their opponents, and both will get more in the
war than they bargained for." The southern
States certainly have waged this war with an en-
ergy and a resource and an unconqucred spirit
beyond even any imagining that I had formed of
it. . They boast that they have brought five hun-
dred thousand men into the field for the purpose
of fighting for their independence; and before
Mr. Lincoln issued his proclamation calling out
seventy-five thousand volunteers, the confederate
government had authorized the. president of that
pretended government to call out one hundred
thousand men, and he had issued his proclama-
tion.
What was the alternative that had been offered
by the confederate States, at least by the cotton
States, at the time that the gentleman's letter was
written in March ? It was this: u We want no war
with you; we want to go m peace, to clear out of
the Union forever; we have declared our own in-
dependence, and that independence we will main-
tain at the cost of the de\astation of our country
and the alienation of all our people." Here, then,
the United States Government and Mr. Lincoln
were offered one of two alternatives: " You must
either submit to a disruption of the Union, and
permit the seceding States to move off and to es-
tablish their separate empire; you must consent
to a disruption of the United States, to the de-
struction of the old nationality; or, if you do not
do that, we give you war to the knife, and the
knife to the hilt, and forever." That was the
issue which was tendered from the beginning by
Jefferson Davis, and his coadjutors, to the Gov-
ernment of the United Suites. The Senators from
Delaware and Indiana knew then .is well as they
know now that, this was the alternative proposi-
tion made by the southern seceding S;ates to the
United States Government, and that they would
have one or the other, and would submit to noih-
ing else. They have brought more forces into
the field since; the war has spread wide: it has be-
come savage in some sections of the United States
to a degree disgraceful to the Christian civilization
of the age, and its ferocity has been inaugmated
principally by the seceding States and their hosts,
though not altogether so I admit. They have sent
their embassadors abroad to make leagues and
treaties with foreign Powers, in order to enlist
them against the Government of their own coun-
try and the old flag. Yes, Mr. Piesident, thou-
sands and thousands of them have wished from
their heart's core, their heart of hearts, that that
imperious, and selfish, and dominating Power, our
ancient enemy, had interposed with her vastai mies
and fleets in this contest,and would have welcomed
the subjugation of their own country by this en-
emy with whom we maintained two struggles for
independence. These men have become so invet-
erate, many of them, that they would sooner the
southern States should he in a state of colonial
vassalage again to Great Britain than that they
should return and live under our common Gov-
ernmentas they lived fiom the days of Washing-
ton to the commission of their crime.
Well, Mr. President, for myself I say it now,
and I say it forever, sooner than that the seceded
States should become quasi colonies to Great But-
ain or to any other foreign Power, I would prefer
that their whole area of country should sink to
the bottom of the ocean. No, sir; no, sir; nature
and nature God, the conformation of our coun-
try by its mountains and by its rivers, besides the
institutions, the language, the religion, and the
history of this people, have decreed" that this con-
tinent shall form but one empire. There may be
temporary disturbance of this decree. It may not
exist in the form of a republican Government per-
petually; but it is to be so, and if it cannot be so
under a republican and a popular Government, it
will be so under a military despotism. The people
become tired of civil war. They will give their
blood and their lives to carry it on longer than
they will their money, but they become tired event-
ually of both contributions. They become placed
in the state that southwestern Missouri now is,
that Prance was'before the present emperor as-
sumed the imperial diadem. Tiiey want peace;
they want quiet; they want security; they want
to be protected in their industrial pursuits, in their
property, in the exercise of their religion, in the
exercise of all their rights in the vocations of peace.
These are the great ends and objects of govern-
ment and of civil society, and the people will have
them. It has been so always; it will be so al-
ways; and if they can not get them under one form
of government they will under another.
This secession here inaugurates the system of
SoutlwAmerica and of Mexico into the northern
United States. Let it bo successful, and who can
tell its end? Who can tell how far it will pro-
gress, how many disruptions will occur, how
many fragments of this vast imperial Republic
will rise in the form of petty States? Where then
shall be the impress of the Government of the
United States? Where then shall be the protec-
tion which the stars and stripes afford to an
American citizen? Suppose another Ingraham,
in the port of Smyrna, should essay the daring
feat that challenged the admiration of the woild
and the pride and gratitude of his country, in drag-
ging from an Austrian ship of war a foreigner
who had but avowed his purpose to become a
citizen of the United States, and had not taken the
second oath. Suppose that should be attempted
to be reenactcd at that time in any of the ports of
Europe. It would be chastised as the acme of in-
solence. Secession now has reduced your Re-
public, its power, its character, and its moral influ-
ence, to contempt all over the woild. 1 am for
redeeming and regenerating it.
Mr. President, the gentleman from Indiana was
conversant with all "this history, with all these
facts, with all the progress and character of the
war, from the time it was inaugurated. Does he
not owe allegiance to his Government, and to his
country ? Does he not as a private citizen ? Does
he not as a Senator of the United States? Does
he not as a component part of !he legislative de-
partment of the Government? As this body of
which he is a member is a component part of the
legislative power, I ask if be has not been flagi-
tiously derelict in the performance of his duty?
Me avowed in his place hero yesterday," 1 formed
my opinions maturely many long year-; ago; I can
no more change them than the Ethiopian can
chansrc his skin; I would not change them if I
could, because I believe they are ri^ht." What
are those opinions? When this Government is
struggling for its existence, when the President of
the United States with the sanction of Congress
is exercising the machinery and the force which
the Constitution and the laws have placed in his
hands, to see that the laws arc faithfully executed,
and when it is a life or death struggle with the
Government whether its laws can be executed or
not, the gentleman takes the position, announces
it in his speech, at the last session, repeats it yes-
terday, that he is opposed to every measure and
to the whole policy of coercion by which submis-
sion to the laws is to be won and to be conquered.
If that is not a default of duty that ou<?ht to re-
move the Senator fiom his seat in this Chamber,
I have lost my reason.
But what is the law? We are not sitting as a
court trying the honorable Senator. There are
some gentlemen, able men, very able men too,
men of enlarged patriotism, of eminentpubhc and
private virtue, that have pursued the profession
of the law sojong, either as practitioners, coun-
selors, and solicitors, or as judges, that their minds
become too contracted for enlarged statesmanship
and the great principles of policy and of moral jus-
tice upon which Governments ought to be admin-
istered, and up oil which alone they can beo«visely
administered. They have dwarfed their minds to
such an extent that they cannot reason on the ex-
pansive principle and sentiment and consideration
that ought to guide and to control the largest and
the wisest statesmanship.
There is no law which defines any particular
class of offenses that shall be sufficient to expel a
Senatorfrom his seat. The common law does not;
there is no statute law that does. There are "no
laws of evidence establishing technically the rules
of testimony that are to guide and control and gov-
ern this body in getting its lights and reaching its
conclusions when a Senator is thus on trial. The
general rule and principle of law and of reason and
common sense is, that whatever disqualifies a
member of the Senate from the proper dischaige
of his duties, whatever it may be,is sufficient,and
ought to be held sufficient for his expulsion; and
whatever evidence satisfies the mind reasonably,
and according to moral certainty and truth, of the
existence of that cause, is sufficient evidence, with-
out resort to the technical rules of testimony upon
which to convict him. That is the law of this
country; it is the law of England; it is the law of
Parliament. I will read from Story's Commen-
taries on the Constitution, section 836, a short
paragraph:
What must be the disorderly behavior which the House
may puni-h, and what punishment other than expulsion
may be inflicted, do not appear to have been settled by any
authoritative adjudication of either House of Congress. A
learned commentatoi" —
alluding to Mr. Rawle's work on the Constitu-
tion—
u supposes that members can only be punished for misbe-
havior commuted duung the session of Congress, either
witlTin oi without the waJNof the House : though he is also
ot opinion that expulsion may be inflicted forciimmal con-
duct committed in any place, lie does not say whether it
must be committed dui nig the session of Congress or other-
wise. In July, 1797, William Blount was expelled fiom
tfie Senate lot 'a high misdemeanor, entiioly niconsi-Uent
with his public tiu-t and duty as a Senatoi.5 The offense
chaiged against him was an attempt to seduce an Ameucan
agent among the Indians fiom his duty, and to alienate the
affections and confidence of the Indians from the public
!i authoiiucs of the United States, and a negotiation tor per-
il vices in behalf ot the Butish Government among the In-
'j dmn-:. It was not a statutable offense ; nor was it com-
mitted in his official chaiaeter; nor was it committed duung
the s-esMon ot Congress; nor at the seat of Government.
Vet, by an almost unanimous vote"—
twenty-five yeas to one nay—
"he vms expelled from that body; and he was afterwards
impeached (as has been aheady stated) for thi<5, among
other charges. It seems, thei eiorc, to be settled by the
Senate upon lull deliberation, that expulsion maybe for any
miidemeanot, which, though not punishable bV any stat-
ute, is inconsistent with the trust and duly of a Senator.''
There is the touchstone: any conduct, any opin-
ions, any line of action as a Senator which is in-
consistent with the duty of a Senator, is a sufficient
cause for his expulsion, and ought to be by the
rules of reason and of common sense. Now let
me give another case. 1 quote from the same
paragraph of Story's Commentaries on the Con-
stitution :
"■ In the case of John Smith (a Senator) in April, 1808,
the charge against him was for pm ticipntiou in the supposed
tieasoi.ab'e eonvpuaey ot Colon* 1 liuir. l>ut the motion
to e.\pel him w-.t^ lost a want of the constitutional ma-
jonty of two thirds of the members of the Senate."
The vote then was—yeas 10, nays 10.
" The pieeise giound of the failme of the motion does
not appeal ; but it may be gathered, from the aiguineut.s of
h!  counsel, that it did not turn upon any doubt that the
power of the Senate extended to ea«es of misdemeanor
not done in the presence or view of the body; but most
probably it was decided upon some doubt as to the tacts,
it m.iy be thought diflieult 10 diaw a elenr line ot distinc-
tion beiwren the tight to inflict the punishment of expul-
sion, and any other punishment upon a membet, founded
on the time, p'aee, or nature of the offense. The powerto
e\po! a meiulx i !•> nor m the Biitish House of Commons
confined to offen-e^^ommttted by the party as a number,
ot duung ihe session of Paihament; but it extends to alt
casej whete tue ohensc is such as, in the judgment of the
IIou«e. unfits him for paihamentury duties2.'"
That is the standard; and a just and a reason-
able and a common-sense standard it is. When-
ever a member of this House fot ms opinions, and
in his official character and acts carries out those
opinions, positively or negatively, in such a man-
ner as to render him an unfit and unsafe member
of the Senate, he becomes a proper subject of le-
moval from the body. On tins point I beg leave
to read a few extracts fiom the report in the case
of Smith referred to m the passage in Story which
I have read. As the gentleman from Massachu-
setts stated, this report was drawn up by John
Ctumcy Adams. It was drawn with great care
