THE CONGBKSSI
GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Sess
THURSDAY, JULY 17, 1862.
New Series No. 212.
munication from the President which shall affect
our action officially, except in the mode pointed
out by the Constitution. Forms in some matters
are things. The signatures of the Presiding Offi-
cers of the Senate and House are the essential
evidence that a bill has passed the two Houses,
and the affidavits of these officers would not so
establish the fact as to make the law valid. Forms
are realities, and we should in these matters act
in conformity to them. 1 should have been more
gratified if the Senator from Maine had gone one
step further, and said to the President, " if this be
your difficulty in this matter, frankly communis
cate it to Congress; I know that the disposition
and desire exist there to do whatever shall be ne-
cessary to promote the public interests, and the
knowledge exists there that there is a necessity
for agreement and for union on the part of those
who direct the action of the Government, and who
desire to sustain the integrity of the country and
secu re i ts safety." The fullest and frankest man-
ner in which we communicate with one another
will best promote that object. There is no doubt
about this. I shall not vote for this proposition.
It does not come from the President in the form
prescribed by the Constitution. I am free to say
that I would take all of this bill that I could get,
if I could have but one section of it, I would take
tlmt. I would take the first section arid the second
and the third, and so on. I would take any part
of it. 1 think it is all good; I should be glad to
have the whole of it; I shall take all I can get; and
with a direct communication from the President,
I have no doubt that Congress could act without
difficulty, and with little or no division.
My opinion is, that it would be betterfor Con-
gress to take a longer time to sit, and to present
a new bill; thus we should preserve the independ-
ence of the different branches, communicate freely
with each other, and act with a knowledge of each
other's views ar/d rights and duties. I shall vote
against this proposition, although I think itvery
probable that Congress will pass it in the form it
comes, acting upon the suggestion that has been
made. My opinion is, that they had better not
do it, that they had better receive from the Presi-
dent, and that it would be best for him and for us
all, that he should make a communication frankly
stating his objections. As I said before, the ques-
tion of the confiscation of real estate and of the du-
ration for which the title shall be held, is one upon
which there have been differences. I have had no
trouble.about it myself, but I know some of the
very best men of the Senate have. The question
has been as to t.he constitutional power of Con-
giess in the premises. I have had no doubt about
the power; 1 voted for its exercise. All these ques-
tions ought to be properly considered. It cer-
tainly does not become us, on any side, to find
fault and wrangle with each other, but we should
meet this matter fairly, and the more we can get
at the facts and disclose the whole truth, the bet-
ter it will be for us and the whole country.
Mr. CLARK. The question is upon the amend-
ment submitted by the Senatorfrom Kentucky to
the amendment, 1 believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question; it is on the amendment to the amend-
ment. .
Mr. CLARK. I shall only detain the Senate
by saying that 1 hope thatamendment will not be
made. The original amendment has been framed
carefully to meet the case, and 1 hope the Senate
will retain it as it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky will not prevail. I do
not propose to make a speech in relation to it, but
to say a word by way of personal explanation.
My course and views in relation to this matter
have been industriously misrepresented by some
portions of the press ot my own State and of the
State which immediately adjoins it. It has been
said that 1 have sought to shield from confiscation
the estates of traitors. Mr. President, I have
sought no such thing. If there is a mail in this
body who has labored to convince himself that
there was no constitutional restriction upon the
212
power of confiscating their real estate beyond their
lives, I have done so, and labored most faithfully.
I desired before all things to get hold of the real
estate of these traitors, to get the soil from under
them, and to repeople it with loyal men; but, sir,
notwithstanding that wish on my part, I was com-
pelled on full examination to say, and I have no
more doubt of it than that I stand here, that the
Constitution of the United States does put a re-
striction upon us which we cannot pass in refer-
ence to the forfeiture of real estate for treason. It
was with that view, to meet and overcome this
very difficulty, that I sought to reach after the real
estate of these-men by a power under the Consti-
tution that no man can question—by the power of
taxation. I introduced a bill for that purpose. It
was carried through both Houses almost unani-
mously, and is now in force. Itgives us the power
to take hold of the real estate of traitors for the
non-payment of their taxes, to make a title to it,
and it provides for its disposal. Within sixty days
after sstle, the owner mustappear before the com-
missioners in person and swear to support the Con-
stitution, or he cannot redeem. Ifheisin the rebel
army, and will not eome and redeem, that is not
the fault of the law. It is wholly his own. To
the loyal owner, who has not engaged in the re-
bellion, the commissioners may extend the re-
demption for two years from sale. It provides for
the occupation of the lands not redeemed, and for
the employment of the families or persons resid-
ing upon them at wages or shares of the crop.
It clothes these commissioners with important
powers, by which to probe and to heal, to kill and
to cure secessioniem as our arms progress and
break the armed power of the rebellion.
It is because some of us have foreseen and
sought to avoid this very difficulty, that from the
beginning of the session in private conversation in
the meetings of our friends for consultation, and
in the Senate, we have urged, besought, and al-
most implored our friends, not to indulge in heated
discussions calculated to inflame and divide the
country, but to agree upon a measure at once
earnest and efficient and yet within the powers
delegated by the Constitution. Now that Con-
gress feels itself constrained to yield to the views
of the President upon this constitutional question
to save the confiscation bill, we have no word of
reproof or complaint; for what is past is past.
Let us hope for wiser counsels, learn to respect
the earnest convictions of each other, and cease
all these denunciations for the future.
Our vindication has come; our constituents can
now appreciate, and when they do, they will ap-
prove our course. But, sir, 1 have no speech to
make-, I will not reiterate what I have said before.
I rose to speak of my own purpose and motives,
which have been during the pendency of this ques-
tion so outrageously misrepresented by a portion
of the press—a press, too, professing to be Re-
publican, questioning the motives of men on this
floor, who are devoting their hearts, their ener-
gies, their lives, all their strength, to put down
this rebellion. Sir, I may speak with some feel-
ing, but I have occasion for it. So much by way
of personal explanation
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Kansas give way to let me reporta couple of bills
that it is necessary to pass at this time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They may be
received by common consent.
AMENDMENT OF THE TAX BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 109) to amend section
seventy-seven of "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt," to report it back with an
amendment, and I ask for its present considera-
lion.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to amend section seventy-seven of the
tax-bill by striking out "May," and inserting
" August."
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
is to add:
And be it further resolved, That all the sections of an aet
entitled " An act to provide revenue to support the Govern-
ment and to,pay Interest on the public debt" which require
any matter or thing to be done on or before the 1st day of
July or August, 1862, shallbeso amended and changed that
said matters or tilings may be so done on or before any day
in the year 1862, not iater tlmn the 1st day of October, 1862,
which may be fixed and determined upon by the Secretary
of the Treasury, if, in his judgment, the later day should be
so fixed in order to put said act into practical operation;
and all parts of said act having reference to the said dates
of the 1st day of July and August, 1862, shall be taken and
construed as having reference to the said day winch may be
so fixed and determined upon: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury sball give public notice of the day so
fixed and determined upon in such manner as he may deem
expedient.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in,
and ordered to be engrossed. The joint resolution
was ordered to be read a third time; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the title
adding " and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
COMPENSATION" OF MEMBERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have another resolution
from the House of Representatives, which I send
to the Chair. I calf the attention of the Senate
to it. I will simply state, before it is read, that
under the existing law gentlemen who have been
absent from the House serving their country in
the field cannot receive their pay as members of
the House. This is a resolution to authorize the
Clerk to pay them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have they been taking
pay as officers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand not. The
Committee on Finance report back, without
amendment, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 107)
further to provide for the compensation of members
of Congress, and I ask for its presen tconsideration.
By unanimous conscnt the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that, until the fuither order of Congress,
the Secretary of the Senate and the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House of Representatives shall re-
ceive as a valid excuse for absence from duty in
Congress, active employment in military service
for the suppression of the rebellion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend by add-
ing " without pay," so as to confine it to those
who have not.received pay for military service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. This joint resolution relates
to the compensation of members of Congress; and
I now propose to move a second section, being
the one which I moved yesterday to the appropri-
ation bill:
jind be it further resolved, That where any Senator or
Representative withdraws from his sent in anticipation of
the adjournment of Congress, and before the adjournment,
and does not return, he shall, in addition to the sum now
deducted for each day, forfeit a further sum equal to the
mileage now allowed by law for his return home, which
shall be deducted from lus compensation, unless cuch with-
drawal is on account of illness of himself or family.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LA.NE, of Kansas. 1 gave way to the
Senator from Maine with the understanding that
his bill would not occupy time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late
to interpose an objection at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] suggests the insertion oft he word
" hereafter," which I accept. 1 intended that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This forfeiture, orpenaity,
or whatever you may term it, is altogether too
severe. ] understand that the law now provides
that members shall forfeit so much per day during
their absence. Put on some additional penalty if
you choose; but the idea of puttingon as a penalty
the forfeiture of a sum equal to the mileage is too
severe.
