8378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. SUMNER. It is only the return mileage;
that is half mileage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to impose a
sufficient penalty; but it seems tome to be wrong
to impose so severe a penalty for going away in
anticipation of the adjournment of Congress; it
may be a single day.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would ask what penalty is
too severe on Senators who go away and break
up a quorum just toward the close of the session.
Constantly, during the last week and fortnight,
have we been told that we could not keep a quo-
rum. Business has been pressed, because it has
been said that Senators and Representatives were
hurrying to their homes, and we have been power-
less to prevent it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to amend the amendment by
adding after " sickness to himself or family," the
words " or on public service." Some members
of both Houses.have gone home at the request of
the Government on public service, and 1 think
they ought not to be stomped in this way.
Mr. SUMNER. If they go as Senators, then
of course they are in the discharge of their public
duties. While they are Senators, their public du-
ties are those of Senators.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts by add-
ing the words " or on the public service."
Mr. SUMNER. Those words are not in the
compensation law. When Senators go home on
account of illness in their families, they are ex-
cused j but there is no excuse for other service.
What public service has a Senator to perform ex-
cept to the Senate? If, as the Senator suggests,
he has gone home to raise troops, that is not a
senatorial service.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this amendment
will stamp as a ncglect of public duty the con-
duct of some members of both Houses who have
gone home in my opinion from the very highest
and most honorable motives, and I prefer to have
that objection obviated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
amendment by providing that the forfeiture shall
be fifty dollars a day, instead of the amount of
mileage.
Mr. RICE. I do not like the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Massachusetts, nor the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, in
one particular, if a Senator, in the condition in
which the Senate now is, will leave the city, un-
less he is compelled to do it either by the sickness
of himself or his family, he deserves a severer
penalty than that which has been named by either
of the Senators. It ought to be no less than ex-
pulsion. A Senator who leaves the body unless
compelled to do so by sickness, probably does so
for the purpose of breaking up a quorum, and
preventing the Government from going on; and
such a Senator ought to be expelled, leaving it to
the Executive of his State to fill the place imme-
diately.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to say that I am
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not believe there is any ne-
cessity for it. I think the Senate will bear me
witness that I am in my place as constantly as
almost any other Senator. I prefer by far to leave
it to the sense of right, to the sense of honor of
Senators, ruther than to go on imposing penalties
and forfeitures on them to keep them in their
Claces. I do not know that a quorum has ever
een broken up in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. There is this single fact in
the history of Congress, that formerly, before the
compensation was made annual and independent
of-the length of the session, Senators and Repre-
sentatives staid here to a late period. Now that
the compensation does not depend on their le-
maimng here in Washington they do hurry home,
and we are constantly threatened that we cannot
have a quorum of the two Houses, and that busi-
ness will be put a stop to.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ? i
Me- SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator is mistaken in
saying that the sessions have been shorter since
the change as regards the compensation. That
change has been made now more than six years,
and every alternate session, which is usually and
popularly called the long session, since the change
in the compensation, is longer than the average,
taking ten years together. The sessions have
been longer sinee thechangeof compensation than
the average of the sessions, taking a period of ten
years before the change.
Mr. SUMNER,. The Senator, I think, is en-
tirely mistaken. I speak of my own practical ex-
perience in this body before I had the honor of
meeting the Senator from Connecticut here, and
then the long sessions, some of them, ran into the
month of September, and I think invariably into
the month of August. Some of the most import-
ant legislation of this country bears date the 18th
of September.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "on account of the illness
of himself or family," and inserting " without
the leave of the Senate or House of Representa-
tives respectively, "so that it will enable any mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives to
leave, with the permission of the House to which
he belongs.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the modification
suggested by my colleague,"I vote for the amend-
ment.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 1G; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Coilamer, Doolutle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Grime-, Harlan, Ilowaid, Howe, King. L.me of
Indiana, Lane of Kansa-, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Hiee, Sherman,
Suiliiiei, Tea Evck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Mcssi.s. Anthony, Browning, Carhle, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Foster, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Powell,
Saulsbury, Simmons, Stark, Willey, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise merely to correct an
error of fact into which the Senator from Connec-
ticut has inadvertently fallen. He stated that Con-
gress had continued in session as long since the
compensation was fixed at an annual salary as be-
fore. I have before me the statutes of Congress,
reaching back ten years previous to the passage
of the law giving members of Congress a salary,
and the long session lias never yet reached into
August since the passage of that law. Previous
to 1854, one session adjourned on the 30th of Sep-
tember; another on the 31st day of August. That
was the long session of 1852. I find here acts ap-
proved August 31, 1853; and in 1854, I find acts
approved on the 5th of August. I have not the
day of adjournment; it may have been eien later
than that. For the three preceding Congresses,
one long session continued until the 30th day of
September, and the other two till about the middle
of August. I state this, so that there may be no
mistake as to what the practice has been, arid what
the consequence of fixing the salaries has been.
Mr. HALE. 1 should like to know when the
compensation bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was passed in 1855 or
1856.
Mr. HALE. I know that the first long session
I was here adjourned on the 17th of June. That
was in 1844; and previous to that they used to
adjourn in April and May. Congress never sat
until September but once in fifty years, or since
the last war with England, and that was the com-
promise year.
Mr. TRuMBULL. The Senator is very much
mistaken in his recollection. I have before me the
statutes of,1852, and here is an net approved on
the 31st of August, 1852. That is the very last
day of that month.
Mr. HALE. I know it is the last day, but they
adjourned on that day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not sure about that.
Mr. HALE. I am.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In 1856 I was here and
remained until the last days of August, and I think
we sat into September.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; weadjourned in August.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the question be-
fore the body?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
question before the body. The Chair is endeav-
oring to obtain an opportunity to report the joint
resolution to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there was a
question before the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The jointreso-
lution is open to amendment, but none is offered.
The last amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TVP-UMBULL. The question then is on
the joint resolution, if no one offers any amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the joint resolution to be reported
to the Senate, as amended. It is not done by order
of the Senate, but by direction of the Chair.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in,
and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint resolu-
tion to be read a third time. It was read the third
time; and on the question, "Shall the joint reso-
lution pass?"
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The amendment
just adopted on motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, it will be observed, imposes a very un-
equal punishment of forfeiture upon different per-
sons. In many cases it will not operate to any
extent. Those Senators and Representatives liv-
ing near thereat of Government forfeit scarcely
anything, while those living at a greater distance
would forfeit a larger sum. I think it is not cal-
culated to effect the objeetdesigned, because those
living near can very well afford to leave and suf-
fer a small amount. Those at a greater distance
will forfeit a greater sum; and therefore, in my
judgment, it is unjust.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 8; as follows:
Y11AS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Davis, Doolitile, Fessenden. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Howard, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDou-
gall, Moruli, Powell, Itice, Sherman, Simmons, Stark,
Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiimot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Hale, Henderson, Kennedy,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—8.
So the joint resolution was passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, hisSecretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled,
"An act to create a metropolitan police district of
the District of Columbia, and to establish a police
therefor," approved August 6, 1861.
An act (S. No. 358) to prevent members of Con-
gress and officers of the Government of the United
States from taking consideration for procuring
contracts, office, or place from the United States,
and for other purposes.
CONVICTS IN DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
The PRESIDENT protempove. The business
before the Senate is the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives No. 110, to which an
amendment was moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] and the amendment to
that amendment, moved by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Powell,] is the question before the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a privileged question.
The committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses oil Senate joint reso-
lution No. 86, have instructed me to make a re-
port.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a privi-
leged question and will be received. The report
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of eonfeience on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendment to Senate joint resolu-
tion No. H5, legiliating the employment of the convicts in
the penitentialy of the District of Columbia for their im-
provement and benefit, having met, after 1'ulJ and Iiee con-
fetenee, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to
their respective Houses as folfows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
fust amendment of the House, and agree to the same.
That the House recede fiom theii second amendment.
JAMES W. CRIMES,
H. B, ANTHONY,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANCIS W. TKA1N,
K. H. DUELL,
JOHN A. GURLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
