1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
ought not to prevail is, that it is a tax upon in-
termediate sales between the producer and con-
sumer. The amendment I have proposed obviates
that, and makes the retail dealer pay the tax; and
the retail dealer will pay it precisely as the man-
ufacturer pays it in other instances.
The other objection which the gentleman makes
—and he makes but one other—is, that the tax
will be difficult to collect. I ask that gentleman,
and I ask any gentleman upon this floor, if the
same machinery which is to be put in opciation
to collect the tax against manufacturers cannot
be as well applied to retail dealers? I ask gentle- ^
men if any alteration is necessary to bo made in |
the bill, except to strike out the word 4' manu- |
facturer," and insert " retail dealer," to accorn- )
plish the object which I suggest? _ j
Again: no advantage is gamed by the proposi- |
tion which is here suggested by the committee. :
It is said, and has been said again and again upon
this floor, that these taxes are ultimately to be
paid by the consumer. If that is tiue—and 1 do
not agree that it is true in the sense in which it is
asserted—hut if it is true, hero you bring the tax
as near to the consumer as is practicable underany
system of taxation which we may adopt; and the
facilities will be the same for collecting the tax as
are provided for collecting the tax from the man-
ufacturers.
But the gentleman says that the retailors do not
keep books. I do not'know how it may be in
the State of Vermont-, but I know of no such
dealers within the extent of my district, and 1
have heard of no such from any intelligent gen-
tleman from any part of the country, except the
gentleman from Vermont. I do not apprehend
any difficulty upon that score.
'jThen how difficult it will be to collect the man-
ufacturers' tax, the gentleman has not told us.
Their books are of entnely a different, character
from those kept by retailers. In the retailer's
books you have the amount in dollars and cents
for which each article sells. The manufactureis1
accounts are made up of a great many items.
They have a stock account, a labor account, a rent
account, an interest account, and many other ac-
counts; and it will be very difficult indeed for them
to asemtain what amount they manufacture, un-
less they take the woik as they finish it, tor they
have the articles in many different slaves of prep-
aration at different times. Von will lmd no moie
difficulty in ascertaining the amount of sales of
the letail dealei than you will in ascerlauung the
amount of manufucun es of the m uni factui eis.
I desire I he com mi ttee to pass u p «n f h is amend-
metit { s they think is ri£ hl. 1 -dial! vote for th<'
bill, as I said the other day, as it shall bo trained
by the Mouse, when it is put upon its final pas-
sage, !''t it be what it will. If it is necessary to
i uin our business for the purpose of pmsecntuig
this war,and sustaining this Government, I accept
it. Let, it come. We shall sustain tho Govern-
ment, but we shall do what we can to peifect this
bill, so that it may hear as equally as possible
upon ail.
Mr. STEV"ENS. 1 do not quite understand
the ernnmentnf the gen tleman ftom Rhode Island.
I understand him to advocate his amendment be-
cause the manufacturing mieresls ol' New Eng-
land aie heavily taxed. Now, sir, I know they
are inxed, and I think lanly taxed; but I cannot
for the life ot me see how it is that Ins proposition
would not add to that taxation.
Air. SHEFFIELD. My answer is that I pro-
pose to move to amend the next section so as to
relief the manufa-'tm-ins: inteiests of N< w Eng-
land of a portion of tin; tax, and to impose it upon
flour.
Mi. STEVENS. Then, of course, whether it
w.il iciievethi manufacturing interests n? not de-
pend.': upon whether the gentleman succeeds m
reducing the duties e.n manufaetuied ,a-twlew. But
suppose h'- fails in that, wdl not tin- gentleman,
if tins ami ndment pievails, ha\e imposed ail ad-
ditional hnni'Mi upon the manufacturing interests
of 11 i-j round y r The genth man knows bettei than
I do tin: amount of flout uvd in cotton factories;
but I do know that the amount used foi snzt
alone js beyond what most men who have not ex-
amined into the subject have any idea of; .md upon
that he proposes to put this tax, in addition to the
thiee per cent, which the bill now imposes upon
manufactures.
The effect of this amendment will be to increase
' the price of the labor that goes into the factories.
| Every dollar that you add to the fuel used by the
! manufacturer, and every dollar that you add to
the material that enters into manufacture, you in-
crease the burden on the manufacturers them-
selves, and you cannot get nd of that conclusion.
Hence it was that England repealed her corn laws,
for the avowed purpose of reducing the burdens
upon her manufacturing interests, and of compet-
ing with us in the only thing which we could com-
pete with them, cheap food. It was a measure of
protection to her own manufacturers. But the
moment you adopt the idea of taxing these ele-
ments which enter into the manfacturing inter-
! Qsts—I would instance coal,ifl did nothve m Penn-
sylvania—the moment you tax that fuel which
drives the spindles throughout half this nation,
not so much in New England as in other parts of
the country; the moment you add to the price of
food and thus increase the price of labor, you add
to the burdens of the manufacturing interests.
The very pioposition of the gentleman from Rhode
Island is suicidal to the interests of his own section
of the country, unless he shall succeed further in
stt iking off a portion of the three per cent, which
is laid upon manufacturers. I suggest to him that
he had better await the result of the amendment
he intends to propose to the next section, for he
might put in the one without being able to reduce
the other. 1 hope, however, that these articles of
prime necessity will not be taxed.
Air. Sheffield's amendment was rejected.
The motion to strike out the paragraph was then
agreed to.
Air. IIORTON. I move to insert as a separate
paragraph, m place of the one which has been
stricken out, the following:
|j On cloth and all textile ot knitted oi felted fahnc of cot-
! ton, wool, or other uuitennH, a dutv of thtee per cent ad
ij valorem : Provided, ttuir when cloth es sold ordehveied ex
j; clusively foi dyeing, punting, bleaching, or to be finished
■ ; in any oihet in;in!i«ii,the rimy shall be assessed ontheaiti-
jj elo as finished and piepmed toi n-o and consumption ; and
thread or yarn nianulactuied and sold oi delivered exclu-
sively lor knitted t.ibue-. oi for weaving, when ttie.-.pinning
and weaving <">1 the manufacture of i loth is earned on sep-
aiately, -hall not be legatded as manufactures within the
meaning of this act, but all fain ics of cotton, wool, or other
mateuul, whethoi woven, knit, or felted, when finis-lied foi
sale '•hall be ieluded as munuiaetuio*, and subject to the
I duty as above of tliu-e per eent. ad valorem.
I Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
i amendment by striking out " three" and insert-
ing 'Mwo.1'
Theanmndmenf to the amendment was rejected.
Mt. Hortov's amendment was agreed to.
Air. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 offer the fol-
lowing as a new paragraph:
That on and after the Kt dnv of May, I862.tlieie «hail be
levied, collected, and paid a tax ot one and a half cent pot
pound on all cotton h<dd or owned by any poison or pei-
1 sons, eoipuiation, oi association oi peisou-, and that such
| tax '•hall be a hen (lie-eon m the possession of anypei-
| son whotnsoevei ; and nn tliei, that if any pcison or per-on«,
' coi poiation, or association of pei--on->, shall remove, carry,
■ or tian->pou the same ftom the place of its piodueuon he-
mic said ta\ fhall have been paid, sii''h peicon oi persons,
eoipointion, oi association of pewnis shall foifeit and pay
j to me United States double the amount of such tax. to be
[ recoveied in anyrouit having juiisdietion theieot. Pro-
1 vided. huuei er, Tli.u the (JomtnisMOtiet ot Internal Iteve-
' mi" i- heioby autboi iz-'d to make such iu!c-> and regubi-
' tions as he may deem pioper tor the pa\ meiu of said tax at
' a place ditioient liom that of the piodueuon of said cotton :
! *Hnd piovided j'mikcr. That all cotton owned and held by
[ anv mannlaetniei ot cotton tabucs on the 1st day of May,
I and pi loi thereto,-hall be exempt hom the lax hereby
! impose,j.
j I do not desire to discuss this question again,
! having offeied some remarks upon it the other
: day. 1 men !y wish to call the attention of the
i commune to the proposition and to the pioviso
! attached to it which I have offered hero. The
j proviso is that all cotton on hand on the 1st day
j of May, i860, nnd prior thereto, shall be exempt.
i I have boon during this discussion opposed to
] taxing any article before that time; in other words,
1 have been opposed to discriminating against any
at tide in relation to time or whether held by one
, man or another. 1 am satisfied that the principle
; oI this amendment is coirect and that if is suffi-
, ciently gunided, and I hope the committee will
i adopt it.
! Mi. CHAMBERLIN. I move to amend the
i amendment by sn iking out il one and a half," and
inserting one:" ho as to make the duty one cent
per pound.
Mr. DUXN. Mr. Chairman, I really feci
greater difficulty m determining what is the best
policy in regard to taxing cotton than in regard
to the taxation of any other product of our coun-
try. It is a large interest; and if we should im-
pose the burdens of this war mainly upon any
two articles they are cotton and sugar, provided
that in doing it we do not impose too heavy a
burden upon the people. There seems to be one
reason why cotton should be made an exception
to the rule which has been adopted by the House
in regard to taxing agricultural products in the
hands of the producers. The great amount of the
cotton raised goes abroad, or would do so if the
trade was open and uninterrupted. If we lay a
duty on cotton that is to bo manufactured in our
own country, we lay an additional duty upon an
ai tide which goes very largely into the consump-
tion of the people; but the greater proportion of
the cotton produced is to go abroad, and I do not
see how we are to raise any revenue from this
article unless we vary from the rule which we
have adopted against taxing the products of the
soil in the hands of the producers. I shall, there-
fore,vote to impose areasonable tax upon cotton.
I do not know what is the proper rate. I have
; spoken in opposition to the proposition to reduce
1 the tax to one cent per pound merely for the pur-
' pose of indicating the difficulties in my own mind
1 m relation to the subject.
I Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will state that
at the usual price of cotton for a few years past,
the tax I propose of one and a half cents per pound
will be about ten per cent. That was the reason
I fixed it at that rate.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment reducing the tax to one cent per
pound; and it was agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move, pro forma, to in-
crease it a quarter of a cent. I will state that when
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. ICellogg] of-
fered his proposition the other day, I voted against
it, but not because I thought that cotton ought not
to be taxed. On that one item I am willing to de-
part from the rule which has been laid down by
the House in relation to taxing raw mateual,
partly foi the reason assigned by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] and partly because I
am willing to make a distinction between cotton,
which has been called king of this country, and
other pioducts. The difficulty in my mind has
been whether wo ought to impose the tax this
year. The product is so scarce, and so much has
been burned by the owners, and it would raise the
price of cotton manufactures so much that, for my
own part, I am inclined to think that we ought to
provide that the tax shall not take effect for one
year after the bill goes into operation. I am anx-
ious to see cotton taxed; I am willing that it shall
be taxed even higher than this amendment pro-
poses, but just now I doubt, although I am open
to conviction, whether we ought to impose it at
all.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I really cannot
see why the tax upon cotton, if it is to be taxed
at all, should not, in relation to time, follow the
same principle as other articles. This amendment
will not teally affect the next crop. It does not
affect by express provision the amount that may
be in the hands of manufacturers on the 1st day
of May next. The objection was made that the
manufacturers had bought m good faith all the
cotton they had on hand, and I therefore inserted
a proviso exempting from taxation all the cotton
they may have on hand at the time the bill goes
into operation, so that there can be no question in
regard to that.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I suggest to the gentleman
that the difficulty does not seem to be as to the
amount of cotton in possession of the manufactur-
ers. But the gentleman wili observe that there
are many loyal cotton growers at the South—not
a greatMnany perhaps; but, no doubt, there are
some. These men are perhaps driven from their
J: plantations. They are unable to plant thisseason
|, for the reason that southern Legislatures and the
j | confederate congress have passed acts recommend-
,; ing—which is really directing—that no cotton shall
'j be planted this season.
l! Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will say to the
'| gentleman from Pennsylvania, that if he expects
M to find many cotton growers loyal, he is, in my
ij judgment, very much mistaken.
ii Mr. McKNIGHT. That is my own view.
!j Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will further say
!i to the gentleman that until our armies penetrate
