1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14591
the southern States, the cotton grower cannot sell
his cotton or make it of any value; and I insist that,
even though the cotton grower be loyal himself,
he should be made to help to bear the burden of
this war. In no other way can the people of the
South ever be made to bear to any considerable ex-
tent their share of the burdens of the Government
except by taxation on cotton, which is really their
only element of wealth. I therefore really thinlc
that if my friend is open to conviction ho will now
conclude to support this bill and help to pass it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I withdraw my proposi-
tion.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
Mr, WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasiiburne
and Perry were appointed.
The committee divided; and the telleis reported
—ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " wood," the word " willow," so
that the clause will read:
On all manufactures of cotton, wool, bilk, worsted, flav,
hemp, jute, India iubber,gutta percha, wood, willow, glas*,
pottery waie, leather, paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper,
zinc, brass gold and silver, horn, ivory, bone, bustle^,
wholly or in pait, or of other materials, not in tins act other-
wise piovideti lor, a duty of three per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out the following:
Pronded, That all aiticles manufactured a<s aforesaid,
and not otherwise piovided lor or chaiged with duty in thtrf
act, which are entitled to the privileges and immunities of
patent under the laws of the United State-*, shall pay and
bebubjeet, in heu of three pei cent, ad valoicm, as alote-
saidj to a duty of live per cent, ad valorem.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That in estimating the duties on all articles
maniil'actuied when removed and sold at any oihej place
than the placeof manufacture, there shall In- deductedfiom
the gross amount of sales the freight, communions, and ex-
penses of sale actually paid, and the duty shall be a>se^cd
and paid on the net amount aftei tne deductions a-> afore-
said.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by inserting
in the second proviso, after the word " publica-
tions, " the following:
Boards, shingles, and all other lumbei and timber; .stave*,
hoops, headings, and timber, when partially wiought and
unfinished, for chairs, tubs, pails, snaths, lasts, shovel and
fork handles ; mnlnella sueteheis ; pig iron andiron not ad-
vanced beyond slabs, blooms, or hoop* ; repair oi lerolhng
of lailioad itou; planter or g>p*um; malt; burning fluid ;
punter's ink; flax, prepared forte.Uile or felting pui po^e.s
until actually woven oi felted into tabncs for consumption;
all flour oi meal made from grain ; bread and luead<nufs;
cheese; coneentiated milk; bullion in the mattuiaetuie of
of .silverware; bucks; maible; blates; building stone.
So that the proviso will read:
And provided, further, That punted book0, magazine*,
pamphlet*, newspaper?., review*, and all oilier miiuI.u
printed publications, boruds, shingle?-, &c , -shall not be re-
gaided as manufactures within the meaning of tins act.
The amendment was adopted.
, Mr. SHEFFIELD. I offer the folio wing amend-
ment as an additional proviso:
Provided, farther, That the tax paid upon any property-
used m producing such manufactures shall be deducted
from the gross amouut of duties assessed upon such man-
ufactures.
The reason for this amendment, Mr. Chaiiman,
is, that various articles entering into manufactures
are already taxed under the provisions of this bill,
and in addition thereto a tax of throe per cent, is
imposed on the goods manufactured. It seems
to me that that, again, is unjust, and that the
materials which enter into the production of the
article manufactured should be exempted from
taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have had this subject ua-
dei consideration, but could sec no possible way
in which that provision could be carried out. How
can it bo ascertained how much had been paid on
materials put into a steam engine? How can it be
ascertained how much had been paid on materials
worked into a pitch-fork ? And so as to all arti-
cles of manufacture. The raw material is not
generally taxed; but there may be some things
which would be called raw materials, entering into
manufactures, that have been taxed. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not see how it was
possible to execute a provision of this kind; and
they thought that it would not only be perplex-
ing, but would be nugatory.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out, after the word " gold," in the one hundred
and eighty-ninth line, the word " and;" so that it
will read:
On all manufactures of cotton, wool, silk, worsted, flax,
hemp, jute, India rubber, gutta percha, wood, willow, glass,
potteiv ware, leather, paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper,
zinc, brass, gold, silver, hoi'n, ivory, bone, bristles, wholly
or in part, or of other materials, not in this act otherwise
provided foi, a duty of three per cent, ad valoicm.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the proviso
adopted on the motion of the gentleman fromOhio,
[Mr. Horton,] by including among the articles
exempted, pearl barley, and split peas.
Mr. HORTON. I accept that.
Mi. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to
amend by inserting after the word " cotton," the
words "two per cent, ad valorem1 do not
know, Mr. Chairman, that it is of any use to offer
reasons to the committee why this amendment
should be adopted. After the tax just imposed
on the raw material, it seems no more than proper
that the manufactured articles should be exempted
to that extent. There is no tax on wool, or upon
any other raw material entering into manufactures;
but this duty of three per cent, is made to apply
as well to the cotton manufactures as to all others.
The manufacture of cotton goods is now operated
at a loss. Take an average for ton years, and the
profits of the business do not exceed the amount
of the tax now imposed.
It may be said that it is because we come from
a manufacturing State that we ask for the reduc-
tion, That is not so. We want to pay our whole
share of the burdens of the war, but we do not
want to have " the hen that lays the golden egg"
killed. We prefer that you should have this rev-
enue from year to year, and not destroy the very
manufactures which it is the object of this bill to
raise revenue from. This tax of throe per cent,
and the other taxes imposed, would, on an average
for ten yeais, exceed the net profits of an estab-
lishment. We of Rhode Island have an interest
in this matter beyond that of the great States of
New York, Illinois, Ohio, or Indiana. We have
an interest in sustaining this Union; and we want
to pay our full share of the burdens of the war in
men and money. Those others arc empire States
1 of themselves. In case of a dissolution of the
Union, they can take care of themselves. With
ourlimited population ltwould be impossible. It
is not, therefore, because the burden weighs upon
us that we object to this. Wc do it because of the
manner in which this tax is proposed to be levied
on us. We never could pay it. I trust, there-
fore, that after the tax thus laid on raw cotton,
the tax on cotton manufactures will be reduced.
Mr. HORTON. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment for this reason, and I beg the attention of
the committee for a moment. 1 think that the tax
upon rnw cotton is wrong m principle and inju-
rious in practice.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. So do I.
Mr. HORTON. 1 hope that when wc go into
the House the House will m its good sense strike
it out. That is the best way. Let us now as far
as we can preserve the harmony and congruity
of the bill. When we get the bill into the House
we can, on the yeas and nays, strike out the pro-
vision which taxes the raw material in the shape
of cotton. I hope that will be done, so that cotton
manufacturers may not be twice taxed, and that
they may stand upon the same platform as the
manufacturers of all other articles. I think the
better way is to vote down the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, and for the manufacturers
of cotton, wool, and all other articles to pay the
same per cent, ad valorem. That is my judgment,
and I think that it will meet with the sense of the
| House.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Suppose,
in the language of my colleague, that the House
should not happen to do that, what then r
Mr. HORTON. The motion to strike out can
be made in the House; and amendments can also
be made in the House; and it is for a majority to
say what shall be done. I have no doubt we can
get force enough to cairy this point. I think it is
best for the committee to get through with this
bill, so that when we come to vote upon the tax
upon cotton, we may see it in ail its length and
breadth.
The amendment of Mr. Browne, of Rhode
Island, was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to insert " five" in-
stead of " three;" and I do so for the purpose of
making an inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio.
I ask what amount of revenue, in the judgment
of the Committee of Ways and Means, will be''
raised by this tax upon manufactures?
Mr. HORTON. According to the best estimate
we have been" able to make, it would give jus s
$30,000,000. It may be more; it certainly cannot
be less.
'Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to add at the
end of the section:
Provided also. That manufacturers of tools and imple-
ments of agnculture &hall pay upon such manufactures a
duty of one per cent, upon patented, and of one half per
cent, upon unpatented articles, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I have moved this to test the
sense of the committee on the propriety of light-
ening the tax upon agricultural tools and imple-
ments. I do not think that it is wise for us to add
anything to the direct assessment already made
upon the agricultural interest by the bill of the
last session. I think that in framing a bill for
the collection of internal revenues the principle
alluded to so frequently upon this floor should be
strictly adhered to, and that is to tax as lightly as
possible the universal and original sources of the
wealth of the country. From the ground wc de-
rive all the original source of wealth. I believe
that the agricultural and producing interest of the
United States is taxed as heavily under the direct
tax which we have imposed as it is proposed to
tax any other interest of the country, As was
stuted by the gentleman from Vermont, the con-
sumer will have to pay a large proportion of the
duties. While that is true in a limited, it is not
true in an unlimited sense. It is true at all events
to this particular class of article. They are a
class of articles with which the articles of foreign
manufacture do not come into competition. They
are those articles where the manufacturer will add
to the previous value the tax that is proposed by
this bill. I believe, sir, that it would be wise to
exempt these agricultural tools and implements
from taxation. They are essential to the great
producing interest of the country. It has passed
into an adage in political economy, that the per-
son who invents a way by which two blades of
grass can be made to grow where only one grew
before, should be held as a public benefactor. It
is upon that idea that I think this interest of agri-
culture should at this time be regarded by this
House, so far as this tax bill is concerned. I hope
that my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I am sorry I deem it my duty
to oppose the amendment of my colleague. It
would gratify me to vote for it. We are com-
pelled, however, to do a great many unpleasant
things in the discharge of our duty upon this tax
bill. A few moments ago I was compelled to vote
against my colleague on an agricultural product,
that is in reference to the duty upon cotton. My
colleague forgot the agricultural interest in that
vote, and now in order to sustain the manufactur-
ing interests he moves that they shall not be taxed
upon agricultural tools and implements. I am a
friend of the farmer, because I am a farmer my-
self, and I know something about the agricultural
interests of the country. 1 know that these manu-
facturers make the agriculturist pay a good price;
and I think that a small tax upon these agricul-
tural instruments can be raised with as little det-
riment as any other. Certainly, sir, if my friend
and colleague is so tenacrous for the agricultural
interest, I "shall call upon him hereafter to be a
little more consistent in his votes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I reply to my col-
league by quoting the speech he has just made as
to amending the cotton tax in the House, on a cail
of the yeas and nays. In that speech he assures
us that the tax on cotton will fall on the manu-
facturers or the consumers, and I think in that he
was, perhaps, substantially right. Besides there
are now reasons foi taxing theauthors of the re-
bellion, if the cotton tax should, to any extent, fall
on them, which does notapply to agriculture gen-
erally.
The amendment was rejected.
