438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
District of Columbia, except upon providing com-
pensation to the owners, and then by the consent
of ft majority of the voters of the District.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask whether 1 understood him to desire me
to give the authority upon which I quoted the lan-
guage of Mr. Lincoln ? Did 1 understand him to
say that it was Democratic authority?
Mr. DIVEN. The excuse which I made for
the gentleman from Maine was, that he obtained
his quotation from some Democratic document, or
he would never have given a portion, without also
fivingthe remainingand qualifying portion of Mr.
jincoln's views.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that 1 did not quote upon Democratic au-
thority. I gave the quotation from a book enti-
tled "The Life of Abraham Lincoln," circulated
by Republicans for the express purpose of enun-
ciating his sentiments.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the gentleman from Maine
if the book lie mentions did not contain the quali-
fication I have mentioned?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unable to answer
the gentleman's question. I quoted correctly from
the book I have mentioned. I know nothing of
the qualification of which the gentleman speaks.
Mr. DIVEN. I am glad to know (hat the gen-
tleman from Maine was not aware that Mr. Lin-
coln had so qualified it, for it exonerates him from
the attempt to palm off upon this House senti-
ments which Mr. Lincoln persistently and con-
sistently on nil occasions expressly disavowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him another question?
Mr. DIVEN. I desire to act m all fairness to
the gentleman, but I desire also to finish my
speech. I will, however, yield to the gentleman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman from
New York produce the qualifying sentence to
winch he refers, so that the House may see
whether I have done him injustice?
Mr. DIVEN. If anybody will bring me the
debates between Mr. Douglas and Mr. Lincoln
in 1858, I will. Why, sir, is it possible that the
gentleman has forgotten—ia it possible that any-
body has forgotten that throughout the whole pres-
idential canvass this unfair attempt was made to
use this sentence to Mr. Lincoln's injury, and that
every Republican journal in the country and every
Republican stump orator in the country showed
up the unfairness? Can that be forgotten?
But, sir, that is not the only use 1 have to make
of this sentence thus quoted from Mr. Lincoln.
The gentleman left Mr. Lincoln on his quotation
from him, after expressing his confidence in his
integrity and honesty, and he called upon this
House to arrange themselves around Mr. Lincoln
as the advocates of the abolition of slavery, be-
cause that was his sentiment and the sentiment
upon which lv2 was clected. And he left us with
the inference that that was the position of Mr.
Lincoln now. Why, sir, in every act of Mr. Lin-
coln, from his inaugural addiess down to the last
document he has ever issued, he has disavowed
any intention by war, legislation, orany otheract,
to meddle with the institution of slaveiy in any of
the State.q, He could not have been more explicit
if he had tried. Yet the gentleman turns from all
these declarations of Mr. Lincoln's present senti-
ments before the land, with all this documentary
evidence before this House of what are Mr. Lin-
coln's intentions upon this subject. Notwith-
standing Mr. Lincoln has been assailed by abo-
lition journals all over the ltind because he would
not hold such sentiments as are ascribed to him
by the gentleman from Maine; notwithstanding
he has been charged in this House with retarding
the prosecution of the war because he was too ten-
der of the institution of slavery; notwithstanding
all these charges and the clear position of Mr. Lin-
coln upon this question,the gentleman leaves his
argument with this garbled extract from the speech
of his m 1858 to give the impression upon the
House, and in the minds of the people, so far as
the circulation of his speech is concerned, that Mr.
Lincoln is the advocate of the abolition ofslavery
by congressional action or by the war power. Can
it be that a member has held his place in this House
thus long and not learned what are the sentiments
of Mr. Lincoln upon tins question?
The gentleman from Maine turns from Mr. Lin-
coln, after an indorsement of his honesty. Ay,
sir, it struck me that that indorsement of honesty
was a little like Antony indorsement of the honor
of Caesar's assassins—ho turns from him to Mr.
Seward, whom he does not indorse, and quotes
Mr. Seward in his letter of instructions to Mr.
Adams, in which he declares the true old-fash-
ioned Republican doctrine, that when the war has
ended, every State will remain in the possession
of ail the powers that it had before the war began;
that no institution will be disturbed. Does the
gentleman notknow that Secretary Seward's and
Mr. Lincoln's minds are united upon that ques-
tion ? If he does not, I can tell him they perfectly
accord. I speak what I know when I say that
Mr. tSeward and Mr. Lincoln have no diversity
of opinion at all upon that question. An assault
made, therefore, upon any of these sentiments of
the Secretary of State, is an assault made upon
the Administration, for they are agreed.
Now, sir, I have a complaint to make against
what the gentleman said to establish an inconsist-
ency in Governor Seward, by quoting from what
he said when he was Governor of his State in re-
gard to the rendition of a fugitive from one of the
southerly States, claimed by the Governor of Vir-
ginia; and I say that if he will produce that doc-
ument, he will find that it is in entire accordance
with the Secretary's views now; that, by that very
document, he recognized the right of States to
regulate this question, and that he refused to sur-
renderup the fugitive from justice upon theground
that it was not an offense known to flie laws of
New York, or to common law, to entice a slave
to leave his master.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman p<rf 
mit me to interrupt him, only for the purpose
asking him a question ?
Mr. DIVEN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the gentleman know
for what purpose it was quoted?
Mr. DIVEN. 1 think I do; I think when the
gentleman quotes two passages from the writings
of the same man, and puts them in juxtaposition,
contradicting each other, and then talks about the
jewel consistency, that there is no difficulty in
knowing what the purpose is that he has in view.
Thei c was no difficulty in understanding what the
gentleman from Maine meant. He meant to place
Mr. Seward as holding opposite opinions on dif-
ferent occasions. It meant that, sir, or it meant
nothing at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN: Certainly I did.
Mr. DIVEN. Then we understand each other.
I say that the question whether slavery is an in-
stitution recognized by commonlaw,and the ques-
tion whether slavery exists in Virginia by virtue
of the statute law of that State, are very different
questions. Mr. Seward was showing the reason
why he should not surrender a man claimed as a
fugitive from justice because he tampered with the
institution of slavery m Virginia, was that slavery
was an institution having no foundation in natural
law or lecognitioti m common; consequently the
enticing awaya slave could not be an offense at
common law; consequently he refused to surren-
der the fugitive because he was not shown to be a
criminal by the Jaws of New York or by common
law. it was in arguing the question whether this
was an offense known to the common law that he
very peitinently uses the language quoted. In
that same document, if the gentleman will only
read it, he will find that Governor Seward recog-
nizes the existence of slavery in Virginia by her
local laws. Only treat the language of Mr. Sew-
ard with fairness, and no inconsistency will ap-
pear.
Mr. Chairman, to undertake to produce all the
testimony on this point to show that Republicans
recognize the power of the State governments ex-
clusively'upon this question would not only take
an hour, but months. I say that the whole doc-
trine of the party was that Congress had no right
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States where if exists. I say that that is the doc-
trine of Abraham Lincoln to-dav. I say that it
is the doctrine of Mr. Seward. ) say that it was
the veal or pretended doctrine of those who sup-
ported Mr. Lincoln'selection duringthecanvass:
and* the doctrine even of that queer journal the
New York Tribune—Heaven forgive me for in-
troducingitherc ! [Laughter.] That journal had-
a spasm of conservatism about the time that Mr.
! Lincoln was put in nomination. It said in the most
j| pointed terms that the Republican party claimed
no right to interfere with slavery in the States,
and thatitcould not support Mr. Seward because
he was so extreme on the abolition question. It
regarded it as essential to our success in the can-
vass that we should take a man from a slave State.
It insisted that a manlivingin a slave State should
be our candidate for the Presidency, because it
wanted to conciliate the border States. When it
was an object to carry a presidential election the
pure-minded manager of that paper wanted to con-
ciliate the border States; but when it is for the
reestablishment of our glorious Union they are
not worth conciliating. The success of apolitical
party in an election was of more importance in the
mind of that patriot than the success of our arms
upon the field of battle. Away with all such
patriotism as that. Away with the inconsistency
of those men who seek to fasteji inconsistency
upon Mr. Lincoln for having dared to adhere to
one principle from the very moment his name was
brought before the country.
I tell you, sir, that the charge of inconsistency
comes back with redoubled powerupon those who
make it, or I do not understand the position of
men or of parties.
I come to what, in my judgment, we should do
now; and I would like to touch somewhat upon
the vaunted war power in Congress. I think I
have shown by authority that no new power is
conferred upon the Government. I think there is
no one here hardy enough to contend that the
power to meddle with the domestic institutions of
any State was delegated to Congress. Then, if it
was never delegated to Congress, and if the war
power does not confer any additional sovereignty
upon the sovereign, then war does not change the
obligation of a State to respect her own constitu-
tion. A specious argument in favor of what may
be done under the war power, by way of confis-
cation, has been made. I would, if time permit-
ted, like to answer that argument. Any one who
desires to see it answered, will find that a clever
woman has done it completely. Any clever
woman could answer it. The same one, in her
cleverness, has answered my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.]
A Member. What is her name?
Mr. DIVEN. She signs herselfin her pamphlet
Anna Ellen Carroll. 1 commend her answer on
the doctrine of the war power to those who have
been following that phantom and misleading the
people. And I commend it to another individual,
a friend of mine, who gave a most learned disqui-
sition on the writ of habeas corpus, and against
the power of the President to imprison men. He
will find that answered. I am not surprised at
this. The French revolution discovered great
political minds in some of the French women,
and I am happy to see in these troublous times
that there is a like development in our women.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thank the gentleman
for the book lie has sent me.
Mr. DIVEN. Send it to me, and I will read
from it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to read from
it myself.
Mr. DIVEN. I refer in this book, not to the
original passage, but what was said of it when it
was charged upon Mr. Lincoln. He said this:
I have said a hundred times, and I have now no in-
clination to take if back, that T believe theie is no law and
ought to be no inclination in the people of tiie fiec Stales
to enter into slave States to interfere with the question of
fclaveiy at all/'
I have not said anything more than that. But
that is not the expression in connection with which
he made the remark alluded,to by the gentleman.
! If he turns through the book, he will find that Mr.
Lincoln said that he believed that these States
would become all free, and immediately after-
wards, that he believed that that would be done in
a constitutional manner, and with the consent of the
Slates. If he docs not, I will find it for him.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Permit me to say a word.
Mr. DIVEN. I cannot; my time has nearly
\ expired.
I f want to allude to what, in my judgment, ousjht
to be done in these times, and to what we have a
constitutional right to'do. The Constitution does
give Congress the right to raise armies, the right
to declare war, and the right to fix rules and reg-
ulations for the Army. All the machinery of put-
ting in force the power to raise armies rests with
this body. When they declare war they raise an
army to be employed in the prosccutionofthat war,
