2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
other questions involved. The tax is valid, and
I cannot doubt its justice and policy in every re-
spect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not take
a very comprehensive view of the idea that I sug-
gested. Perhaps there was not much comprehen-
sion io it. Idid notsay that my single purpose was
to get revenue, in the sense in which he uses that
language; that is to say, that you must put in a cer-
tain tax, and take nothing else into consideration
but how much you can get by it. I hold to the
doctrine which 1 explained yesterday, that every-
thing must be reasonable; that you must not tax
a-thing more than it will bear; that if you did, the
effect would be that you would not get any reve-
nue at all. The Senator understands that very
■well. The ground on which I put it was this: "I
said that in ordinary times, perhaps, with refer-
ence to this institution, a tax of five dollars would
not be unreasonable; butatthepresent time (here
is very little benefit to be derived from the usp of
slaves, and it must be so for some years to come;
I mean anywhere where we can get any revenue
at all. That is perfectly manifest. Now, sir, what
can any one suppose to be the real income to be
derived from slaves—for this is a tax on income,
afterall—how much a year over and above the ex-
penses of their keeping? Nobodycanfix itabove
fifty dollars at the present time. A tax of two
dollars, therefore, is a tax of four per cent., and
a tax of five dollars is a tax of ten per ccnt. That
is unreasonable; it is out of all measure with ref-
erence to the tax on other property; and as I said
before, we should not take into consideration the
idea of punishing anybody. It is a question of
■what is fair and right. In that point of view I
am willing to look at it, and in no other. With
reference to putting a tax on the institution be-
cause I do not like the institution, that is not a
financial consideration, and it is one which, as
legislators, ought not to enter into our considera-
tion at all. That is the simple ground on which
I put it.
Mr. POMEROY. I confess to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance that I should have no
scruples against taxing this class of property m
itself considered, if I could see clearly any way
for it. I am very much embarrassed by this ques-
tion of taxing slaves, or taxing the slave-master,
as the Senator from Massachusetts says.
Mr. SUMNER. Taxing the claim of the slave-
• master.
Mr. POMEROY. "Taxing the claim of the
slave-master" is the same thing. That is an in-
tangible thing, a thing which the Senator from
Massachusetts himself says is not valid and good,
a thing which he will not himself admit; and yet
he proposes a tax of five dollars per head on a
claim that docs not exist. If I thought 1 could
raise any tax out of this legitimately under the
Constitution, I should be willing to agree to it.
But, sir, we either tax them as persons or tax
them as property; and in levying this tux under
the Constitution it does seem to me that we should
tax them as they are recognized in the Constitu-
tion, that is, as persons; and as we are making
no poll tax directly on persons, I do not know
how we can tax them at all. 1 was looking at
what was said by Story on this very subject, and
he makes this remark:
"The South has a very lai$e slave population ; and con-
sequently a poll tax, winch should hi'laid by the mlcof
uniformity, would opeiate with peculiar seventy on them
Tt would tax their piopeny beyond its suppoMid relative
value and productiveness to white labor. Hence a mle m
adopted winch in olfcef, m illation t<> poll taxes, exempts
two fifths of all slaves tiom taxation."
That is, if they are to be taxed as persons, we
tax three fifths of them in their relative value to
white persons, instead of five fifths. I do not
think myself, as the chairman of the committee
very well says, that we should undertake to levy
a tax as punishment. Nothing is so distasteful
to me as slavery; and yet I would not punish the j
section of the country where it exists by a tax if !
we cannot lay it legitimately under the Constitu-
tion and know what we tax.
It has been said by another Senator that we tax
these slave-masters for the privilege of the labor
they employ, commonly called slave labor. The
question may arise then whether there is any more
argument in favor of taxing that labor than the
labor of other domestic animals, which we do not
pretend to tax in the bill. If the tax is to be based
simply on the pretended claim of the slave-master
I cannot vote for it. I do not believe there is any
such claim, and it is not worth taxing, and we have
not any right to tax as a punishment. I would
not tax liquor sellers as a punishment; I would
not tax slaveholders as a punishment. In tariff
duties we discriminate so as to encourage certain
branches of industry that we want to encourage,
and we sometimes discriminate against certain
other branches of industry,hut not as a punish-
ment, but only because we consider that the en-
couragement of the one branch is for the public
interest, and the discouragement of the other may
also be for the public interest. I usually agree in
sentiment with the Senator from Massachusetts,
but I really am very much in the dark about tax-
ing slaves.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Kansas will
allow me to make a suggestion to him. The tax
referred to by Story, the tax on which his remarks
were made, was a direct tax on persons or on
States; these remarks were not made in regard to
a revenue tax or a tax upon income. The Sen-
ator objects to a tax as a matter of punishment,
and 1 certainly would not tax the master as a mat-
ter of punishment for holding the slave. He ob-
jects to the tax on the claim of the master to the
slave, because he denies that the master has any
such claim; but taking the fact that the master
holds him and gets an income from him, would
he not tax that income ? That is the point. You
deny his right to the claim, but the master still
holds him, and does get the advantage of an in-
come out of him.
Mr. POMEROY. We have provided for the
income tax already. We do not mean to tax in-
come twice, I suppose.
Mr. CLARK. True, we have provided for a
certain class of incomes, but here is an income
fiom a direct interest, a particular interest which
is not reached.
Mr. POMEROY. Mayit not be reckoned in
the income on which the bill already imposes a
tax ?
Mr. CLARK. It may possibly, but if you tax
income and acknowledge the principle of taxing
income, is it not as well to leave this under the
general provision?
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire allow me to ask him what
is the difference between this tax and a capitation
tax on negroes?
Mr. CLARK. I understand the difference to
be this: it is taxing a certain class of the slaves
from whom you suppose the master may derive
benefit. It does not tax every slave. It only says
that we wili tax the slaves between such and such
ages, from which the master is presumed to have
a benefit, and we will tax the income derived from
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask my friend from New
Hampshire if a tax on all the white males above
the age of twenty-one years in the United States
would not be a capitation tax within the meaning
of the Constitution, where you take only a par-
ticular class ?
Mr. CLARK. It may be, but the white man
stands on an entiiely different footing. He owes
no service to anybody. You are not taxing the
slave himself, but the income which the master
gets from the slave.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is, as I understand
my friend, he proposes a different rule of taxation
on the income deuved from a slave and the income
derived from any other property.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do exactly that in this ease,
because it is a peculiar interest.
Mr. COWAN. I think, with all deference to
the better opinions of gentlemen who take the
other side, this is the very mischief which was
intended to be provided against by that clause of
the Constitution which declares that no capitation
or other direct tax shall be laid unless in propor-
tion to the last enumeration or census. Now, it
is impossible to disguise the fact that this is a di-
rect tux, and a direct tax upon a few, instead of
a direct tax upon all.
Mr. SUMNER. What does the Senator say
to the tax on auctioneers?
Mr. COWAN. It is a tax upon their busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a tax on the business
of the slaveholder.
Mr. COWAN. No; this is a tax on the slave
himself.
Mr. SUMNER. No; on the claim of the
master.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that we tax peddlers
according to the number of horses they drive, one,
two, or three Is that a tax on the horses?
Mr. COWAN. The horse there is the meas-
ure of the business, and as such it is a mere matter
of description in the bill. The tax is not levied
on the horse; but in order to ascertain whether
one peddler does more business than another, you
inquire as to the number of horses he drives. But
here is the difficulty, and it is impossible to answer
it: what difference does it make to the owner of a
slave whether you levy a tax directly of two dol-
lars on the head of the slave, or call it upon the
claim he has m the slave? It does seem to me
that this is trifling. It is the fact we want. It is
not the name that we are seeking for. We cer-
tainly do not want to evade this provision of the
Constitution. If you are going to lay this lax, lay
it directly. Then, if you do so, that it is wiong
to me there can be no doubt. To say anything else
is to say that the provision means nothing at all.
I therefore put it again: what is thedifference be-
tween laying this tax of two dollars or five dollars
a head upon the slaves, designated directly, and
laving it upon the claim of tho master? What was
the clause put in the Constitution for ? It was put
there to prevent this very provision that you are
now attempting to force through the Senate. It
was put there for the protection of this class of
property, and to prevent it from being made tho
special subject of this noil tax in any way. Does
anybody doubt it? No authority, no commen-
tator, nobody who has ever discussed it, lias
taken a contrary ground; and I may say that I
defy the production of anything tending to con-
trovert the position we take.
Mr. CLARK. I want to answer the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in this way as to his question:
he says, what difference does it make to the man
who owns the slave whether you put the tax di-
rectly on the head of the slave or on his labor. I
want to ask him, and to ask the Senate, what dif-
ference it makes to me, if I own a mill at the North,
whether you put the tax directly on the mill or
the productof the mill; I have the tax to pay; yet
it is a legitimate ground of taxing it. I have the
same tax to pay5peihaps. So we, raising an indi-
rect revenue tax, tax incomes, tax labor; if you
please, you may call it a tax on the income which
the master derives from tho labor of the slave;
and I think it a legitimate method of taxing it.
Mr. COWAN. There are two ways of answer-
ing a question. One is the ordinary and English
mode—that is, by meeting the question itself di-
rectly; and theotheris the Irish mode—which is,
to answer it by asking another. Now, the gen-
tleman, instead of answering the question, asks
another; and another which involves in itself an
analogy which is totally and entirely false. There
is no analogy whatever between millsand slaves;
because in the one case the slave is directly pro-
vided for in the Constitution, and in the other the
mill is not. Now, here in the Constitution it is
directly asserted that this species of tax shall only
be imposed in a particular way, and that it shall
be apportioned among the States according to the
last census of their population; and why ? It is
that the tax may be imposed upon the heads of
the free Slates as well as upon the heads of the
slave States; it is that it shall be imposed upon .
the struight-b aired heads as well as the curly heads;
that it shall be imposed upon all. Besides, if you
were imposing a tax of one dollar upon all the
heads of the country, from one end of it to the
other, you could impose but sixty cents upon the
negro; and why ? Because, by the rule fixed in
the Constitution, he is only to be taxed three
fifths as much, on account of his cutly head, as
other people of a different race. You might just
as well provide in this bill a tax on all the rod-
hasied people of the country, or all the white-
haired people, orany other kind of people, by des-
ignation; and that is the very thing which cannot
be done under the Constitution, (f the tax is to
be put upon the head of an individual, nil heads
must be liable; and they must be equally liable
all over the Union, with the exception of this con-
stitutional provision, that the slave shall only be
taxt d three filths as much as the white freeman.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have been trying, or hop-
ing rather, for several days, that I should get an
