1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
have included in this paragraph some favorable
pro'vision in behalf of hemp, which may be called
for in a short time to do the patriotic duty of hang-
ing those who would destroy this Government.
I come from a hemp-growing region in Kentucky,
and I can assure this committee that, under the
operation of the present tariff, th.e foreign-grown
hemp so competes with the hemp grown in this
country, that the farmers can scarcely indemnify
themselves by raising it and selling it. It is now
taxed three per cent. The manufactured article
is taxed three per cerit. by the bill. I hope, there-
fore, in consideration of the great burden resting
upon us, that hemp will be exempted from the
payment of any duty.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insert these words:
" copper in ingots or pigs, lead in pigs or bars."
Mr. WASHBURNE. What will be the effect
of that amend ment ?
-Mr. HORTON. To exempt them from duty.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that hemp be also
exempted from the payment of this tax.
Mr. HORTON. Letthegentleman in his amend-
mentdescribethelsindofhemp thathe wishes to be
exempt from the payment of this tax.
Mr. MALLORY. I want the tax removed from
raw hemp, and also from the manufactured arti-
cle. The argument which gentlemen have been
making with so much relish in reference to cotton
is stronger in reference to hemp. But there is a
duty so light upon foreign hemp that it comes
into active competition with hemp grown here.
In addition to that burden I hope that the House
•will not impose this additional one.
Mr. STEVENS. It is proper for me to say
that it is the purpose of the Committee of Ways
and Means to introduce an additional section lay-
ing an equivalent upon the imported article to
counterbalance the tax which we lay upon the
home article.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not like to hear the
gentleman refer to that, for I fear that he may have
it in contemplation to still further increase the
heavy duties now imposed upon imported iron.
If he does, 1 fear that. I will be compelled to vote
against him. I want rather to relieve some arti-
cles from the excessively high duties imposed by
thepresent tariff, than still further to in crease them.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Mallory
was disagreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I propose the following
as nn independent paragraph:
On gold and silver coin at any mint of the United States,
one per cent.
Mr. DELANO. Before that amendment is re-
ceived, 1 desire to move an amendment to the par-
agraph preceding. I move to strike out the word
"silk," from line one hundred and eighty-six,
and insert after the words "ad valorem," in line
one hundred and ninety-two, the words, " and on
the manufacture of silk thread, sewing and twist,
a tax of one per cent, ad valoremso that the
clause, as amended, would read:
On all manufactures of cotton, wool, worstod, flat, hemp,
jute, India lubber, gutta peiclia, wood, glass, potteiy ivuie,
leather, paper, iron,bteel,lead,nil, copper, zinc, brass,gold
and silver, horn, ivory, bone, bristle;*, wholly ot in part, or
of other materials, not in this act otherwise provided for, a
duty of three per cent, ad and on tiie tnariufactme
of silk tin end, sewing and twist, a tax of one per cent, ad
valorem: Prodded, That all articles manufactured as atorc-
said, and not otherwise provided for or charged with duty
In this act, which are entitled to the privileges and immu
nities of patent, under the laws of the United Suites, shall
pay and be subject, in lieu of three percent, ad valorem,ai
aforesaid, to a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
I offer this amendment, not knowing how far the
silk interest has been represented before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; but upon the author-
ity of some of the most respectable manufacturers
of my district,on whose judgment I entiiely rely,
it is represented to be an intciest which struggles
to maintain its existence at best; that it requires a
very large capital in order to realize the same in-
come derived from other species of manufactures
in which an inconsiderable sum has been invested.
They represent that great injustice will be done
unless the rate per cent, aj, valorem mentioned in
the bill is decreased.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr.SHEFFIELD. I
now move my amend ment
as an independent paragraph. I have modified it
so that it will read:
On all gold and silver produced at any mine within the
United States, one per cent, advalorem.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, California
is peculiarly taxed uader this bill. The State itself
is, in fact, simply a market. There is not an item
of merchandise the price of which you have en-
hanced by taxation, that the people of California
do not buy, and they have to pay that enhanced
price.
Gentlemen talk about the heavy tax that is laid
in this bill upon the manufacturers of New Eng-
land. The State of California, sir, is an import-
ant market for the manufacturers of New Eng-
land, and we have to pay the increased price that
will be levied upon these articles of manufacture.
They send their manufactures to us for sale, and
in return we send them the gold, which is the pro-
duct of our labor at the mines; and the more you
enhance the price of every such article, the more
heavily you tax our State. But now it is pro-
posed, in addition to the largely advanced price
we shall be compelled to pay upon almost every
article we consume, that the product of our mines
shall be taxed to the extent of one per cent, upon
the whole amount
Mr. Chairman, I ask the committee to remem-
ber that the article of gold is unlike any other ar-
ticle upon which a tax is levied, or proposed to be
levied. It has a standard value in the market, and
you cannot dispose of it to customers at anything
above that standard value, no matter how high it
maybe taxed. It is simply an article of mer-
chandise with us, of fixed price, which we pro-
duce and give in exchange for the products of
other States that we require for our consumption.
If, like manufactures, by taxing it we could add
to its intrinsic value, and give to it a greater price
in the market, I should not object to its being a
subject of taxation. But, instead of that, a tax
upon gold is but another form of income tax. Your
income tax,sonamed in this bill, requires the pay-
ment of three per cent, upon the entire income of
every man above a certain amount. You have
fixed that amount at$G00, a sum for which no man
in California can maintain his family, and the cost
of living being much higher in California than in
any other State, the relative amount of income
tax must, ofcourse, be higher than m other States,
and now, if in addition to tins, you levy a tax of
one per cent, upon the entire product ot the labor
of the miner, you in effect add that to his income
tax; so that if you had stated that the income tax
should be three per cent, in ail the States except
California, and that theie it should be four, five,
or six per cent you would have stated the action
you propose truly.
Again: the manufacturer collects the tax im-
posed upO'i Inm from the consumer. Whatever
you impose upon him is added to the price for
which he sells his goods to his customers. But
not so with the gold producers. The standard
value of gold is fixed, and whatever tax is levied
upon it is simply subtracted from the profit of the
producer. He cannot divide his burden or shift
it toanothpr.
Another reason why this amendment should
not prevail is, that, as I believe, no considerable
revenue will be derived from it by the Govern-
ment. 1 think the injustice of the bill towards
that State will be so apparent that there will be
very little disposition to yield the revenue you will
have requned the people of that State to pay; for,
as 1 have remarked, nearly every tax which you
have imposed upon any article bears more heavily
upon California than any other State; and now you
single out an interest peculiar to our State, and
ask us to bear an unequal burden.
A few days ago, when I appealed to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means and
others to grant an increased compensation to the
j officers designated to collect the revenue in Cali-
fornia, in consequence of the greater cost of living
in that State, my request was refused, it was said
that the amount of compensation which would
collect it in other States would collect it there. I
then warned gentlemen that the revenue could not
be collected for that compensation, and I now ven-
ture the further prediction that if this amendment
is adopted in the bill, in addition to the other on-
erous burdens which you will have imposed upon
California, that it will be found impossible, with
any compensation of officers, to collect this per-
centage from the miners in California, or Colo-
rado or Nevada Territories. They will deem it
unjust and unfair, and will evade it. It is impol-
itic for the Government to grind down any por-
tion of the country by seeking out peculiar pur-
suits, local in their character, and burdening them
with taxation. As long as your laws are gen-
eral in their operation, they will be rcspected.
You lay upon us all the burdens that you require
any section of the country to bear, and in fact
more, for we are merely consumers of products
which you tax, and now you propose to take also
the means we coerce by hard toil and dearly-
earned skill from the earth, by a tax differing in
name only from an increased tax upon incomes.
You would burn our candle at both ends; make
us pay the tax you levy upon your products; keep
us from supplying ourselves elsewhere by an en-
hanced tariff; and then take a lion's share of what
gold remains to us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by adding thereto the words:" le-
gal tender shall be taxed one per cent, at the mill
wheie manufactured." I think legal tender notes
will supplant gold by and by, and I suggest to the-
gentleman from California that it may very prop-
erly be substituted in place of the original propo-
sition. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman
from Ohio expects a vote upon his amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should certainly
prefer it to the amendment of the cemleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield.] However, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend so as to
make the tax one and a half per cent. I do not
concur with the gentleman from California, that
this tax will be burdensome to the people of Cal-
ifornia. It must be remembered that the lands of
rninersin every other paitof the world are hugely
taxed, but that in this country they g<-t their lands
for nothing. The miner everywhere else pays foiv
his claim, and is obliged to pay for it into the rev-
enues of the Govei nment. It is the practice, 1 be-
lieve, of nearly all Governments to levy a royalty
upon the products of the mines, but in ^California,
and in the Territories of the United States where
gold mines exist, no tax of this kind is levied.
Individuals aie permitted to go on the lands and
work their claims free of charge, and I think it is
no hardship to them to require them to pay a tax
upon the product of their labois. Itseeins to me,
therefore, that the tax is certainly just, and a light
one. They are being taxed for what they got for
nothing in the first place. The miners are like
all other speculators, and I suppose many of them
fail; but when they pioduce anything it is very
valuable. Someofthem produceprincely amounts,
which run up nearly to millions. According to
the laws of nations, the mines belong to the United
States, instead of to individuals. We have for-
gotten that wholesome rule, and allowed individ-
uals to hold the lands, and I believe they oughtto
be taxed. I withdraw my amendment,
Mr.SARGENT. In all instances inothercoun-
tries where royalty has been levied upon mines
some protection has been jriven by the Govern-
ment to the persons upon whom the tax was levied
or the royalty collected, in the possession of their
property. Hereitisnotso. TheGovernmentgives
us no protection; it has simply let us alone. Not
a miner in California at the present day has any
title whatever to the land from which he may not
be ousted at any moment by the Government. If
the Government would eive us some title to these
lands, something; on which wecou'd depend; give
us a right that would enable us to maintain our pos-
sessions beyond contingencies, then there might
be some justice in the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Rhode Island, and so eagerly
seized upon by the chairman of Ways and Means.
This is done in Mexico, it is done in Russia, and
wherever private persons work mines by govern-
mental peimission. In this case your do-nothing
policy gives us no title to our lands,no acknowl-
| edged possession, 110 guarantee, but you propose
j to impose upon us a tax simply because we em-
ploy our own labor and capital in working the
mines that you neglect to turn to account.
This amendment is unfair and unjust for this
reason: this tax is levied upon every ounce ofirold
which is produced, while I know, and every other
man knows, that thousandsand thousands ofdol-
j lars, a very large proportion of the amount taken
! out of the miners' claims, are absorbed in work-
ing them, in digging extensive ditches and canals
among rugged mountains, for the conveyance of
