THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
to make, although the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is not embraced. I misunderstood him. I
thought he, also, had seen the President. But, sir,
if we establish this precedent, another Senator will
see the President in regard to some other measure
which is pending before Congress, and wili ascer-
tain from him that he has constitutional scruples
in regard to the provisions of a bill which is pend-
ing, and he will come into the Congress of the
United States and avow that fact, and members
are then to square their votes according to his state-
ment of the constitutional views of the Executive.
Will that do? The Executive, when he comes to
write out his opinion, may change his views upon
that subject. All of us know that we have com-
menced the investigation of legal and constitutional
questions with one opinion, and before we were
through with the investigation we had changed
our opinions. Every lawyer knows that. Every
judge who has ever presided upon a bench knows
that he has oftentimes had occasion, when he came
to investigated discover that his first impressions
in regard to it were erroneous.
This measure is presented in consequence of a
conversation that is had with the President in this
way. I will not call it a loose conversation in this
instance, because I have already said that the Sen-
ator who had the conversation with him is a Sen-
ator who is accurate in his conversations, and I
have no doubt understood clearly the views of the
Executive in this particular instance; but we are
setting a precedent, we are establishing a princi-
ple t we are departing from the regular constitu-
tional mode of ascertaining the views of the Pres-
ident. Never before was it done in the history of
this Government. I will venture to say no instance
can be produced where such a proceeding as this
has taken placc: that while the Executive had
under his consideration a bill which had passed
both Houses of Congress, at his suggestion a sup-
plemental bill is introduced to vary and change the
bill he is considering. It is unheard of, and no
earthly reason given for this, except that it is at
the instance of the Executive. Senators say they
are not coerced. Notcoerced? What induces you
to vote for this bill? Whatinduced you to intro-
duce this bill? Were you not moved to that by
the Executive, and by nothing else?
Mr. CLARIC. Will the Senator allow me to set
him right, because f sue he does not understand it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. The House of Representatives
yesterday introduced this resolution explanatory
of that act entirely upon another subject, with no
reference to this matter whatever, and U came down
here hist night. These facts were learned this
morning, and 1 simply moved to put the amend-
ment upon the resolution. The resolution in its
inception had no reference to tins matter at all.
t Mr. TRUMBULL. That d, es not alter the
view which 1 was taking in the least. 1 will change
my language then, ana say that the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire is
offered because the President desires it, and for no
other reason.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know whether he de-
sires it t r not.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Then I will change my
phraseology again. The Senator from New
Hampshire is moved to propose this amendment
by what he believes to be the wishes, the views of
the Executive,
Mr. CLARK. Let me state it. i present the
amendment to meet what I believe to be the objec-
tion of the President. That is it cxactly.
Mr.TRUMBULL. What he believes to bo the
wishes of the Executive: and he never would have
thought of presenting the amendment for any other
mason. Then we are voting to meet the views of
the Executive, and for no other reason whatever.
Can the Senator from Maine deny that a resolu-
tion is introduced and sought to be passed; or an
amendment, to speak accurately, affecting a bill
in the hands of the Executive, is introduced and
sought to be passed through this body, for the
reason, and the sole reason, that the Executive, m
conversation with a Senator, has suggested that
Much an amendment would remove his constitu-
tional difficulties? I would not have the President
of the United States sign a bill he did notapprove;
but 1ft him return the bill to the Senate with his
objections. We may repass the bill by a two-thirds
vote; and I should like to inquire of the Senator
from Maine, by what authority he says the bill is
to be lost; that we are to pass what is brought in
here to meet the views of the Executive, or have
no bill at all? That is the way in which he put
it. The bill, I believe, passed both Houses of
Congress by a constitutional vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Sena-
tor very frankly about that. Congress has voted
to adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'clock. I should
be glad if we had another day. If that stands, it
is in the power of any one Senator to prevent the
.sccond reading of a bill on the same day. It would
go over until to-morrow; and even if it were
passed, then it would have to go over to the House,
and judging of the probabilities of all this, i said
I thought it was probable the bill would be lost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
will recollect that there are no three readings of
this bill when it comes back from the Executive.
It is brought in here, and the question is: " Shall
the bill pass, the objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding?" and the Constitution
requires that it shall be immediately done, and
we could take that vote and pass it in ten minutes
if two thirds of the Senate are in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not exactly under-
stand the Senator in relation to that matter. We
may differ with reference to that. I was speaking
of a new bill introduced with this objectionable
feature out of it, I would not think it advisable
myself; I would dread, in fact, the consequences
of passing the bill by a two-thirds vote over a con-
stitutional objection of the President, and a bill
of this character especially, when the doubts in
leference to the constitutional point have been
stated by so many Senators of respectability on
this floor, and by gentlemen m the other House,
belonging, if you please, to the same party. Our
President stating that it is unconstitutional, and
many gentlemen concurring m those views, I
should deem it to be dangerous, to say the least of
it, and on a bill of this description. In saying this,
I wish also to say that I should probably vote pre-
cisely as 1 did before, but I should dread the con-
sequences.
Mr. TRUMBULfi. All those are very proper
considerations; but I was meeting the suggestion
that we musteither pass this resolution now pend-
ing or have nothing. That does not follow of neces-
sity . Possibly it might follow, but not necessarily
so; and the Senator has no right to assume that it
would be so. It is not unreasonable to suppose
that a bill which has passed both Houses of Con-
gress, after months of discussion, after all these
constitutional questions have been discussed and
rcdiscussed over and over again,and has received
the sanction of more than two thirds of each body,
might be passed, the objections of the Executive
to the conn ary notwithstanding, especially a bill
of the vast importance of this hill. 1 may magnify
its importance; I may overestimate it; but I have
believed from the beginning that a bill of this char-
acter was of the utmost impoitance in suppress-
ing this rebellion. Sir, I believe if this confisca-
tion bill had been passed at the July session, and
had been fairly executed, this rebellion would not
have existed to-day. 1 believe, and so state here
in my place, and I wish I could make every loyal
man from Louisiana to Maine hear it—I believe
that the passage of that bill, and its fair execution,
is worth more towards crushing this rebellion than
would be the capture of Richmond and the de-
struction of the whole rebel atmv that is around it
to-day. Why, sir, it is just the difference between
saying to the slave population, which upholds this
rebellion, which feed* its soldiers and sustains its
army, " if you escape from your rebel masters and
come within our lines you shall be free," and say-
ing to them, " if you escape and come within our
lines you shall be dnven back to slavery." It is
just the difference between saying to the loyal men
of the South, " if you remain loyal to the (govern-
ment of the United States you shall be protected
in your loyalty," and saying to the loyal men of
the South, " your only safety lies in becoming a
rebel and a traitor." Wliy, sir, in Memphis, and
not only in Memphis, but in Winchester, in Alex-
andria, in Fredeiicksburg, at Richmond, and
everywhere else where our armies have gone to,
there has been a reward offered for men to become
rebels and traitors. These rebel authorities have
stripped the loyal men of all they possess. They
have driven them into their armies to fight against
the Union, or they have driven them out of the
country and appropriated all* of their property.
When the Union Army came alongrwhatdi4 they
do ? They set guards around the rebel property
and protected it. The rebel authorities protected1-
rebel property y of course; and if a man wanted to-
be safe in his possessions, he had but to declarer
himselfan enemy to his country. We should have-
had friends all through the South if the policy had-
been proclaimed to them: it is just as hazardous
for you to be a traitor as it is fo be a Union man,
if you think proper to take sides against your coun-
try, when the armies-of the nation come here they
will take your property, and they will make yoi*
suffer fork." Thenrsirythose whose inclinations
led them to side with the Government would have
had no inducement to side against it, but under a'
different policy we could notexpect to have friends*
in any region of country which wa^liable,for the-
time being, to be overrun by the rebel armies.
The confiscation bill changes alf this. It makes'
it the duty of the President to take the property of
rebels wherever our armies go and appropriate-
that property to the expenses of the war. Whei>
that policy is adopted the rebels will-feel-some-
thing of the horrors of war. It says to this slave*
population, which is upholding and sustaining this
rebellion, without which it could not live," leave
the support of your rebel masters*, come within
the lines of the Union armies, and your shackles-
shall fall off; henceforth and forever you shall be-
a free man." Sir, I have felt great encouragement
since the passage of this confiscation bill. I strug-
gled for it at an early day; but I have been will-
ing if I could not get what I wanted, to accept th&
best bill I could get. I even voted for the Senate-
bill with the hope that out of a committee of con-
ference something better might be obtained. T was-
gratified in that hope;and by the firmness and res- ,
olution of the House in adhering to an efficient
bill, there was finally adopted a measure made up
of the two Ulls of the Senate and the House, which y
if notall that could be asked, I regarded as a very
efficient and a very valuable measure; more so,as
I said, than I believe would be the capture of the
capital of the southern confederacy and the de-
struction of the army that now defends it; because
it would fix a policy that would go to the root of
this rebellion.
Now, sir, in regard to this amendment. I am-
one of those who stated at an early day that the-
inclination of my mmd was to the conclusion that
we could not forfeit the property of a convicted
traitor beyond his life." I havener-" satisfied my-
self that we could by any means so iraroe a law
as to take anything more than his life estate in the
realty. I did not agree with the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who proposed by his-
bill to convict a man for treason and then fine him,
and in collecting the fine take his real estate. I
doubt whether it could be done. But, sir, I do-
not understand that the bill,asithas passed, pro-
vides for taking the real estate of a convicted trai-
tor for a longer period than his life. I have al-
ways insisted that where the person of the traitor
was beyond our jurisdiction, we could proceed
against his property; but I have never contended
that if you could reach the individual, bring him
to trial for treason,convict and execute him, you
could then take anything more than the life estate
in his propeity, and your title to it would he gone
the moment he was executed. This bill, how-
ever, as I understand it, does not provide for try-
ing men for treason and forfeiting their property
on thni conviction for treason. There is no such
principle m the bill. It does not change the pun-
ishment for treason, and it contains, if I recollect
rightly, a provision in the first section authoriz-
ing the assessment of a fine. 1 believe that is re-
tained.
Mr. CLARK. That is retained.
Mi. TRUMBULL. And that fine could be lev-
ied, I suppose, upon the real estate, and the real
estate sold under that fine.
Mr. CLARK. The bill so says.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would have preferred
that that should have been out of the bill; but
there is not m the whole bill, as I understand it—
and I wish not to misunderstand it—any other
clause, excepting that first section foifeitnig the
real estate of a man who is tried for treason. Am
I not right r
Mr. CLARK. That is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why talk about this
bill forfeiting the real estate beyond the life of the
traitors? It is not in the bill, except it is in that
