1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
water to the claims; in expenses for labor, quick-
silver, lumber, iron, &c. Does the Government
payusanytlungfoi all that? Notacent. We have
to use our lumber and our iron and our labor in
developing the mines, and the i esult is that when
one of these principalities, which the gentleman's
fancy gives him such exaggerated idea of, is
brought down to the real fact, it is found that if
half a million of dollars of gold is taken out of a
certain district, four hundred and fifty thousand
or more has gone to the development of the mine
itself. You hear of a million shipment, and think
it is profit. You forget the toil and sweat, the
labor and expense, that has produced it. You have
no record of the disappointed and unrequited toil.
The people of California are not itch, in conse-
quence of the vast expense of woi king the mines.
There are many instances to my knowledge where
claims have been worked for four, six and eight
years by running extensive tunnels, without get-
ting an ounce of gold, though finally the company
may succeed after all this toil and years ot de-
ferred hope. You must estimate the final yield
by the previous expense. Now, does the Gov-
ernment allow anything for that ? And yet you
say that every ounce of gold taken out shall be
taxed for the full amount. If a tax of this kind
is to be It vied, ir is no more than just that that por-
tion of the proceeds of the mines shall be exempt
which is absorbed in improving and developing
the mines; that the net yield only shall be taxed,
not that lost in the opeiations.
„ What has been the effect of this mining busi-
ness? It has preserved the balance of trade. It
is by the amount of gold which we send you that
you are enriched, and your system of business is
kept in operation. Wi ill out this supply your pros-
peiity could not have attained its magnitude; let it
cease and many of your commercial houses would
fall. The loss of a single steamer in the stoimy
Atlantic a few yeais since, that went down wnha
million of tt easure, and many gallant hearts woi th
mote than nil, caused extensive bankruptcy in
Pennsylvania and ]New Yoi k, in New England and
the West Our lYUneis pour their golden streams
into the trade channels of the woi Id, and the Gov-
ernment is directly benefited by it, for we not only
pay heavy duties at our custom-house, but tui-
nish the sinews of war. The Government can
bori o vv at easy rates, for our gold keeps the money
ma1 ket healthy. You tax our miners already three
percent, on every dollar they takeout of the mines.
Do not add another buiden. Do not discouiage
the production of gold. You can better afford to
accord additional'privileges to stimulate its pro-
duction, than bankrupt your money market by
taxing oppressively Us producei s, as you now pro-
pose to do. I ask gentlemen, is it not onerous,
when you lonsidei that all the at tick s which aie
taxed in this bill are to be paid for by our people
who buy all their manufactures from the East, and
must pay enhanced prices; and when in addition
to that you propose to levy an income tax upon us;
and besides all the souices ot taxation through
which we contribute to the support of the Govern-
ment through the means of this bill, you select out
a single interest of ours, and say that we shall pay a
tax upon that also, ignoring the fact that by means
of it we are enriching the whole country, and not
ouiselves only. We enrich ourselves less than
we do the rest of the country.
I say the people of California are willing and
ready to hear any reasonable burden, by any pro-
vision which bears upon the whole country in the
same manner that it bears upon them. The mere
fact that we take this gold from the public lands
docs not change the matter. You have this session
given away millions of acres of public land as
homesteads in 01 der to braid up communities, and
create nuukets. Do you juopose to levy a special
tax on wheat and corn raised on those donated
lands, because the lands cost the occupiers noth-
ing'1 Their wheat and corn are their source of
wealth, as gold is ours—as hardly realized and as
justly curs. Every gentleman would reject such
a proposition, but I ask where is the difference:
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLA !R,ofPennsyIvania. I movetoamend
the amendment by inserting:
Gold and -liver coined at tne Mint 01 any of it« btanche«.
or convened nito buUion bais, either at the Mint or any
a«hfiv office, liotji the dopo-us ot gold or silver oie, to be
paid by the depo-itwi ;usd dedueled from his deposit by the
tiea&Uxer ot the Mint or assay office.
It is suggested, upon hearing this amendment
read, that it would not apply to gold shipped
abroad. I suppose it would not. I will withdraw
it and offer another. I move to amend so as to
except all gold manufactured into jewelry.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest merely that
this tax is in lieu of royalty rather than anything
else.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I suppose there
are many instances where the mines are owned
by the individuals. Certain mines arc owned in
that manner in the States of North Carolina and
Virginia, and 1 suppose there is $500,000 coined
at the Mint, and that as much more is used to
manufacture intojeweliy—all owned by individ-
uals who are the owners of the mines.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
"Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the amendment, by reducing the tux to one half
of one per cent. This is a very important matter
to my constituents, and I cannot allow action upon
it without saying; a single word. 1 concur fully
in my colleague's rcmaik that the people of Cal-
ifornia are willing to be taxed as much and as
fully as any other people. J venture the asser-
tion that there is not a single State in the Union
which, in propoi tion to its population, will pay to
the Government moic than one half of the amount
that California will. Of this I do not complain.
It is owing to circumstances which cannot be
avoided. California will pay to New England,
under the bill as it now stands, $500,000 per an-
num upon her manufactured goods. We buy
annually of the eastern States $45,000,000 of her
merchandise, mostly manufectuied articles. On
that the duty will oet tain I y avei age moie than one
per cent., and on that we will pay $500,000. We
ate uudei iho necessity in Ca I lfoi nia of importing
almost all tbeaiticles \\ e consume, and if gentle-
men will look at the custom-house statistics, they
will find that there are but four States m the whole
Union that pay as much through their custom-
houses as the little State of California with her
five hnndnd thousand inhabitants—or less than
three hundt ed thousand, {is shown by the census.
You will find that only the Staler, of Pennsylvania,
Massachusetts, New Yoik, and Louisiana pay as
much through then custom-houses as the State of
Califoriua. It is owing, it is true, to the fact that
we are under the necessity of importingalmost all
the manufactured articles which weeonsume. We
are not only under the necessity of importing
laigely from abtoad, hut we are under the neces-
sity, as 1 said before, of paying under this bill
£>500,000 of the amount which is levied upon the
manufactures of New England.
Now, sir, the whole theory of this bill is that
the tax laid upon the article is to be paid by the
consumer. There was some justice and piopii-
ety in taxing coal, for the reason that there is
none exported from®-the country, but all is con-
sumed within it, and the tax laid upon it is added
to its puce; but as my colleague remarked, m the
case of gold that cannot be done. It has a stand-
aid value, and the tax you put upon it comes di-
rectly from the in met s. Now, so far as the miners
of California arc concerned, it is true that some
of them are in the receipt of large incomes, but the
great majority of them are poor. They get no more
for then Jaboi than do the agiicuituiists of Cali-
fornia, as is abundantly proved by the fact that
some forty or fifty thousand of them, during the
last four years, tired of the mining business with
all its uncertainty, have left that business and
turned their attention to agricultural pursuits.
The miners cannot and ought not in justice to pay
this tax. if gold was such a product that we
could place the amount of the tax upon the par-
ties who purchase it from us, if us value was to
be enhanced by it, 1 would say tax it; but it is
not &o. There is much truth and much force m
the remark of my colleague, to anyone who has
ever been in California, that the gold taken from
these mines has as much enuched the States of
the Atlantic sea-boaid as it has California. There
I is very little of wealth in California that has been
| obtained by mining operations. It is true some
j have made small fortunes of two, three, and five
| thousand dollars,and have returned here to invest
i it; but there are very few remaining there who
! have made much money, and, as a class, they
| never have made money very rapidly. There are
; more poor men to-day in the mines of California
' than m any other part of the United States.
! But again, it is utterly impracticable to collect
this tax of the miners, if you are to levy it at all.
The only way in which you.can collect it .practi-
cably is by levying it at the mints, You cannot
go through the mountains of California and col-
lect it of the miners there who are receiving one,
two, and three dollars a day. It is wholly and
utterly impracticable to do it, and I hope the House
will sec the justice and propriety of voting down
this amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I oppose the amendment
to the amendment. The argument submitted by
the gentleman from California against the propo-
sition which I had the honor to offer is that the
products of the mines of California should not
be taxed, and that the products of the workshops
of Rhode Island should be taxed.
Now, I do not think that sufficient reasons have
been assigned to deter the committee from adopt-
ing this amendment. The products of the indus-
trial communities of California ought to be taxed
precisely as the products of the industry of every
other section of the country. I agree with these
gentlemen that California has done much to add
to the wealth of this country, but is that any
reason why she should be exempt from her fair
proportion of the burdens of the Government?
Because she has done so much for the country, is
that any reason why the industry of her people
should be relieved from its just proportion of the
burdens of th« Government any more than the
industrial interests of any other portion of the
country? It seems to mc not.
Sir, California has been the petted child of this
Government; she has had much done to advance
and promote her interests, and to develop her re-
sources, while my constituents have had but very
Ik tic expenditure made for the purpose of advan-
cing and promoting their interests. The Govern-
ment has been lavish of its means for the purpose
of developing the resources of the Pacific States.
It seems to me that it is peculiarly just that we
should tax this interest, because the source of
their product is the property of the Government
of the United States. 1 have heard no reason
assigned which ought, in my judgment, to weigh
one'sinfrle moment in the mind of any gentleman
against "the adoption of this amendment.
"Mr. STEVENS. I think we have debated this
question long enough. I move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the Mouse (No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and bad come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the pending paragraph of the tax bill close in
one minute after the committee shall resume the
consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 120) in ad-
dition to an act to refund and remit the duties on
arms imported by States; when the Speaker signed
the same.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, bill of the House No. 242, making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending 30th June, 186S, returned
from the Senate with sundry amendments, was
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideiation of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the
