1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and they have no right to employ it in the prose-
cution of anything else. They have no power to
turn aside that army for any other purpose than
the prosecution of the war for the prosecution of
winch it was raised. Incidental injury will be
done to other parties in the legitimate exercise of
that power; but if, for the purpose of accomplish-
ing any other end, that army is turned aside, it
is a breach of constitutional right.
If an army, raised for the purpose of prosecut-
ing a foreign war, turns its arms against any other
country than that which it was created to flight,
they become, instead of soldiers fighting the bat-
tles of our country, robbers trespassing upon the
rights of man; and if, in putting down a civil war,
the army created and put in motion for that pur-
pose turns aside from the legitimate object of
putting that rebellion down, and goes to over-
throwing the rights of States and interfering with
the rights of citizens and subverting the Consti-
tution of our country, they become bandits and
robbers, instead of being a constitutional army en-
gaged in a constitutional duty. Why, sir, armies
are as much confined to tin* constitutional per-
formance of their duties as legislators are confined
to theirs. Legislators acquire no new powers, and
armies acquire no new powers, other than the
Constitution contemplates. Why, men have ar-
gued here as though the army raised for the pur-
pose of restoring the Constitution had a right to
overthrow the Constitution.
It has been claimed here, if I have understood
aright the arguments of gentlemen, that that pro-
vision of the Constitution which provides that
" Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes,duties, imposts,and excise, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare''—which words, "general welfare,"one
gentleman has put in large capitals in his printed
speech—gave Congress unlimited power, and that
under it Congress may- do anything which in their
judgment promotes the general welfare, no mat-
tor though it might be in the very teeth of the
Constitution. If the general welfare requires it,
they may do it. That the law of a State, which is
passed strictly within its constitutional reserved
rights, comes in the way of our notion of what is
best for tbegcneral welfare, it may be overthrown,
though the Constitution says it shall not be; if
any constitutional provision or provisions stand
in the way of this general welfare, in the judg-
ment of this House it may be overthrown. Ilave
gentlemen considered what this may lead to? Sup-
pose that this House concluded that in time of war
popular elections are dangerous things, and that
the public-welfare would not permit us to have an
election next fall, we might do away with it, and
thus perpetuate our power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEELE, of JNew York. I ask unani-
mous consent to allow the gentleman to proceed.
Mr. STEVENS. I have 110 objection to allow-
ing, as a general rule, each member an hour and
a quarter. That can be done by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would be very
glad to hear the gentleman from New York; but
rmust object to that arrangement. I desire to
have the hour rule rescinded; and therefore I can-
not consent to any relaxation of it.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from JNew York, that he has as much
right to wiite out his speech, after deliveiy, as a
gentleman has to wiite one befoie deliveiy.
Mr. DIVEN. I never wrote out a speech in my
life.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call thegentleman to order.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the rule, I believe I
have the light now to occupy an hour.
Mr. MA YN ARD. Is that the rule in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
I think the gentleman from Pennsylvania is mis-
taken .
Tin; CHAIRMAN. Under the rule, the gen-
tleman is entitled to an hour, to close the debate.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. That is the rule in the
House after the previous question is called.
The CHAIRMAN. The same rule prevails m
committee; and the Chair so decides.
Mr. MAYNARD. My recollection is different;
and I understand that the rule applies only to the j
House, and not to the Committee of the tVhoie. I
[The committee here informally rose, and re- f
; ceived a message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, their Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House (No.
219) amending the provisions of the second sec-
tion of the act of January 24, 1857, enforcing the
attendance of witnesses before committees of
either House -of Congress.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (No. 35) for payment of the expenses of the
joint committee of Congress appointed to inquire
into the conduct of the war; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.1
Mi'. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I shall avail
myself of the custom when in Committee of the
Whole, to speak to other questions than that be-
fore the committee.
On the first day of the session I introduced a bill
containing two propositions. The first was to put
a speedy and final end to this rebellion through
the neccssary instrumentality of -emancipation;
the second, to make full reparation to all loyal
men who might suffer loss by that mode of war-
fare. That bill, with all others of a kindred kind,
was removed from the House on motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg.] I pro-
pose to discuss it now.
This is no accidental rebellion, as the pro-sla-
very gentleman from New York, [Mr. Steele,]
and other pro-slavery gentlemen suppose. But we
are in the midstof a crisis which a sagacious states-
man foretold thirty years ago, before such agita-
tion existed.
When John C. Calhoun and other South Caro-
lina conspirators attempted to dissolve the Union,
General Jackson, with an energy and patriotism
which covered a thousand faults, crushed the trea-
son and confounded the traitors. But he saw that
they would persevere, and that the tariff, which
was then th"6 alleged cause, was but a mere pre-
tense, and that the next pretext would be slavery.
From that time to this they have educated their
people in the doctrine of disunion, until they had
prepared the popular mind for the rebellion which
now disturbs the land. Those who suppose that
the leaders were actuated by a desire to redress
grievances, either real or fancied, greatly mistake
the real object of the traitors. They have rebelled
for 110 redress of grievances, but to establish a
slaveoligarchy which would repudiate the odious
doctrine of the Declaration of Independence, and
justify the estabIishmcnt*of"an empire admitting
the piinciplc of king, lords, and slaves.
The Declaration of Independence and the Con-
stitution of the United States were a constant re-
proach to the slaveholding South. They were
in palpable contradiction to their domestic institu-
tions. They were conscious of the impropriety of
being governed by a Constitution which was an
evident condemnation of their actual principles,
and ofthejr institutions founded on individual des-
potism. They feared that the principles of free-
dom and of the equality of man before the law—
not intellectual, social, and political equality, as
some have absurdly construed—might be gradu-
ally breathed from the North into southern ears
and southern minds, and establish even there the
doctrine of the rights of man. They determined
to arrest that evil by building up a barrier between
freedom and slavery. So long as the reins ofGov-
ernment could bo held by southern hands, and the
influence of the administration be given to per-
petuate and extend human bondage, they deemed
it prudent to remain in the Union, receive its ben-
efits, and hold its offices. But they saw that the
regular march of civilization, wealth, and popu-
lation was fast wresting power from the South and
giving it to the North. They diligently prepared
themselves for rebellion against the Constitution
whenever they could no longer rule under it.
It became evident that Mr. Buchanan was to
be the last of southern Presidents, and his Cabinet I
being almost wholly devoted to the interests of
slavery, set themselves boldly at work to weaken
the North and strengthen the South. They trans-
ferred most of the best weapons of war from the
North, where they were manufactured, to the I
South, where they could be readily seized. They |
plunged the nation into a heavy debt in time of j
peace. When the Treasury was bare of cash they '
robbed it of millions of bonds, and whatever else ]
they could lay hands on. They fastened upon us j
an incipient free-trade system, which impaired .
our revenue, paralyzed our national industry, !
and compelled the exportation of our immense
production of gold. They had reduced our Navy
to an unserviceable tfonaition, or dispersed it to
the furthest oceans. Our little Army was on the
Pacific coast, sequestered in Utah, or defending
the southern States from their own Indians.
Thus prepared for rebellion, no doubt the elec-
tion of Lincoln precipitated the explosion, and it
is well it did. Had Mr. Breckinridge been elected
they would have had fouryears more to strengthen
the South and weaken the North. I think that
this rebellion has not come an hour too soon.
Every humane and patriotic heart must grieve to
see a bloody and causeless rebel lion, costing thou-
sands? of human lives and millions of treasure.
But as it was predetermined and inevitable, it was
long enough delayed. Now is the appropriate
time to solve the greatest problem ever submitted
to civilized man.
From the foundation of Babylon until 1776, the
kings of the earth claimed and the people believed
in the divine right of kings, and in the hereditary
ri^ht of lords and nobles to govern the people
without their consent. It has been their constant
doctrine that the people were incapable of self-
government; that free republics could not exist,
except in small communities, where all could as-
semble for deliberation. But they uttei ly denied
the possibility of maintaining a widely-extended
representative republic, controlled by universal
suffrage. They predicted with the utmost con-
fidence the overthrow of this Union from internal ~
dissensions; and the want of strength in the cen-
tral power. Eighty yearsof unexampled prosper-
ity and loyalty to the Union seemed to belie their
predictions. We we're fast establishing, on a firm
basis, the great truths proclaimed by our fathers,
and which formed a memorable epoch in the sci-
ence of government. But the unhallowed ambi-
tion of the most infamous traitors that ever dis-
graced the earth is now concurring with the wish
of the prophets of despotism to accomplish their
prediction. Upon us and our constituents is cast
the painful but glorious task of refuting this argu-
tnentof tyrants,and thisattemptof unholy rebels.
If we meet and conquer in this dreadful issue, it
will produce benefits which will compensate for
all it costs. It will give to this nation centuries
of peace and constitutional freedom. It will give
to the civilized world assurance that the mainte-
nance of perfect liberty and well regulated govern-
ment is compatible with republican institutions.
I do not flatter myself that this is a light task,
or that it can be accomplished without the loss of
thousands of valuable lives and millions of money.
The rebels are proud, haughty, and obstinate.
Their training has led them to believe that they
are born to command. They will suffer disastrous
defeats before their pride is humbled. They have
a vast country to overrun. They declare that they
will suffer it to become a smoking ruin before they
will submit. That issue must be accepted. Better
lay their whole country waste than suffer the na-
tion to be murdered. Better depopulate them, and •
plant a new race of freemen on their desolated and
deserted fields, than suffer rebellion to triumph.
Such is the voice of the free people of the North.
If our rulers prove equal to the wishes of the peo-
ple, there will be no negotiation, no parley, no
truce, until every rebel shall have laid down his
arms, disbanded his organization, and submitted
to the Government. The people are humane, and
this is humanity.
How can this great rebellion be suppressed?
The first duty of every nation is self-preserva-
tion. Yattel says:
" The entire nation i3 obliged to maintain that associa-
tion ; and as their preservation depends on its continuance,
it thence follows that every nation is obliged to perform the
duty of sclf-preserv.uion "
Every means in the power of the nation must
be exhausted before thatsacred duty is abandoned.
We may regret the dissipation of the wealth of
the nation; we may weep over the loss of friends
who have patriotically sacrificed themselves m
defense of their country; but who can bear to
witness the funeral of the nation?
I know the formidable character of this rebel-
lion. Passing over all preliminary discussions, it
is evident that the belligerent parties have assumed
their present position deliberately and firmly. The
United States have declared through the Execu-
tive, the Congress, and the people, that there shall
