1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
opportunity to say a few words about this bill,
but I despair of getting the question exactly in
the form in which I should like to address the
Senate upon it, because I always wish to speak
to the main question; and I suppose it is just as
well thtU I should now, while this amendment is
pending, give my opinions upon .the general pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator allow a
vote to be taken on the amendment before he pro-
ceeds ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not believe we shall get
one very soon. I waited all clay yesterday, and
Ishould wait with great pleasure now, if I thought
•anything would be accomplished by it. I am al-
ways ready to give way to anybody; but I am
satisfied we shall spend a great deal of time on
the details of this bill, and on topics which I am
afraid we shall not be any nearer agreeing upon
than we were when we started, and therefore I
may as well go on now.
Mr. President, I have some solicitude in address-
ing the Senate upon a question of this sort. It is
almost entirely a novel question with us. During
the period of the last war with Great Britain, we
had what was called an internal tax system; but
when you come to look into the returns which
resulted from that system, you find that in the
five years of its duration there were collected from
it about ten millions of dollars—not as much as
we'spent last week. It furnishes no guide for a
system such as we are now considering. The im-
portance of the question to this Government may
be measured by the attention that is bestowed
upon it by the civilized world. Open an English
paper, or a French paper, so far as I can read ex-
tracts from them, or the messages of the head of
the rebellion against us, and you will find that
every man who wishes to destroy or belittle us is
counting on this question of the finances of this
country for the means to do it. When 1 hear such
discussions as we have had here upon side issues
as I call them, though they are important in some
respects, I am induced to ask three questions:
who are we? where arc we? and what are \vc
hero for ?
We are Senators representing the loyal people
of the loyal States of this Union. We are in the
Council Chamber of the nation. We are here to
consider the moststupendous questions that have
engaged the consideration of a deliberative body
in modern times, and, perhaps 1 may say, m all
time. I ask my fellow Senators who are talking
about questions that we can never agree upon,
whether it wuuld not be well to " agree to disa-
gree" upon such questions, and bring the whole
energies of our minds to the consideration of that
which is vital to the well-being of our country.
No matter where these Senators are from, they
represent loyal people. No matter what their
opinions are upon this vexed question or that
vexed question so long as their hearts and minds
are engaged in carrying the country through this
momentous struggle.
Mr. President","the party to which I am proud
to belong have had bequeathed to thr-m, as a re-
sult of the follies and wickedness of their prede-
cessors, a conflict and an exorbitant expenditure
such as this country lias never been called upon
to meet, and those of this body who may disagree
with us about the causes of this conflict,and who
may be to blame for its being precipitated upon
us, are here ready to aid us in providing ^ ways
and means to rescue the Government from its im-
pending calamities. I hail them all as if they weie
of our party; and I say to Senators of all parties,
speaking with the utmost deference to them and
the utmost diffidence in myself, that this question
is of a magnitude that calls upon us to meet it in
the spirit of the lofuest patriotism and the most
comprehensive statesmanship.
J sfe in all quarters an attempt made to magnify
our difficulties and indebtedness, both at home
and abroad. In order to give Senators a view of
what is necessary for us to do, I intend to try to
put that matter right before the Senate. I believe
that there is no matter intrusted to our consider-
ation which is so little understood generally as the
piesentindebtednessof theUnited Statesof Amer-
ica. It is a little singular that when a war has
only continued about thirteen or fourteen months,
and when we all knew on the 4th of March last
year, at the time this Administration came into
power, what our indebtedness was to a dollar, it
should be more often stated at twice what it is
than at anything near the actual sum. 1 have
hardly seen a statement that does not make the
indebtedness that has accrued since this Admin-
istration came into power more than double what
it actually is. It was stated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, when we met here last July, that
our indebtedness when this Administration came
into power was $120,000,000 tn round numbers.
I have seen a number of speeches in the other
House stating that it is now from a thousand to
twelve hundred millions, and we have been m this
war but about thirteen months, and the Adminis-
tration luisnotbeen in power quite fifteen months.
I have taken pains to get the exact amountofour
indebtedness m all its details, on the 27th day of
the present months which was the day before
yesterday. As I have said, the public debt was
$120,000,000 when this Administration came into
power. On the closing of the accounts the day
before yesterday, it was $485,756,005 01.
is an increase, in thirteen months of the war aiW
fifteen months of the Administration, of about
$365,000,000, and that is the whole of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not correct; the
Senator's statement of the debt is not so much as
the existing debt by some thirty millions, as is
absolutely known at the Treasury; but! suppose
when the Senator speaks of that as the debt, it
must be understood as being only the amount
passed at the Treasury.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 was going to explain, if
the Senator had had the goodness to wait a min-
"'Lr. FESSENDEN. The Senator said that was
the whole of it, and that was the reason I inter-
posed.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was all there was on
the paper before me. Then there are in addition
the accounts that are passing through the Audit-
ors'offices. I inquned if there were any of those
accounts thathad passed the Auditors'offices and
were ready for payment and had not been paid,
and they said no, but there were perhaps twenty
or thirty millions, as the Senator suggests, that
were in the course of transmission to the Govern-
ment and going through the various bureaus and
Departments. It takes some time to get them
through. Probably, in order to wipeoutail there
is in tiansit, these $365,000,000 additional should
be $400,000,000. 1 only know what there is on
the books, and I have no doubt of the correctness
of these figures.
Anybody who has the mind to recollect, will
see that the first year of this war, or the first thir-
teen months of it, must have been vastly more
expensive than the annual cost of its continuance
will be. We have had to organize an army of six
hundred thousand men. We have had to_equip
them, to procure all kinds of transportation, to
buy horses and munitions. We have had also to
improvise a Navy and to buy pretty nearly all the
material. We have had to buy our armament.
That is not to be done hereafter; we have it now.
Therefore, if the war should continue another
year—and I have no belief that it will on the pres-
ent scale, though 1 think we shall have fighting
perhaps for longer than a year—there will be no
such tiling as an additional outlay of three or four
hundred millions of dollais unless we have vastly
more troops m the service than we have had yet.
I say this because I want the Senate to under-
stand what the probable demands upon the Treas-
ury and the resources of the country ate likely to
be. In this connection, I may remaik thatdunng
the last year, fiom the time the present Adminis-
tration came into power until the 1st of January
last, wo were m the receipt of hardly anything
whatever into the Treasury from our ordinary
sources of income; but since the 1st of January,
the customs receipts in the loyal States have been
at the rate of eighty or ninety millions a year for
the whole country. We are getting now in the
city of New York at the rate of more than
$50,000,000 a year, and the receipts in that city
are generally about five eighths of the whole.
Mr.. COLL AM ER. 1 desiic to abk the gentle-
man, before he proceeds with his remarks as to the
basis of our taxes, whether we have not already
passed appropriations for unpaid balances of the
present year amounting to over $80,000,000 for the
Army? I have the impression—and if I am wrong
I wish to be set right—that very little of that has
been paid.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know. I am not
going into that. ' . .
Mr. COLLAMER. Are there" not regiments
now out in service that have riotbeen paid for three
months? . *
Mr. SIMMONS. I dare stfy "there are'.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much does the gen-
tleman estimate for the floating debt, if we may
use that term ? . .
Mr. SIMMONS. From thirty to forty mil-
lions. I was going to present last week's estimate
of expenditures. The expenditures for the last
two months have been very larger -and they Are
licking up these outstanding claims and absorbing
them. I nave no doubt that for the next five weeks
we shall pay out at the rate of $9,000,000 a week,
and then there will be some claims notyetthrough
the offices. Last Friday, the estimate which
was made of what would be required this week
at the Treasury was $9,697,500, about $1,600,000
a day. I have not gone into these figures to find
out the exactdollars and cents; I go on round num-
bers in these calculations. I do not expect to en-
lighten the Senate about how much we have ap-
propriated, because Senators know just as well as
I do about that. I think myself that by the end
of the present fiscal year the indebtedness of this.
Government, that will have been liquidated and
bonds issued for it, will amount to $550,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. And how much outstanding?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not a very large amount. I
think that by the end of this year pretty much all
the outstanding claims will have been settled from
what I understand is going on at the Treasury. I
dare say we shall have at the end of the fiscal year,
in one form or another, a debt of $550,000,000 or
&575,000,000. if our expenses should be as much
per annum as they were last year, if they should
amount to as much as they have been estimated
at, we shall have a great deal more income next
year from the ordinary sources of income than we
have had for the last year, more than double, if I
have any idea to calculate it upon.
I have submitted to the Senate a proposition to
strike out about forty-two sections of this hill and
to insert a simple form for obtaining the desired
revenue that I thought would be better, and I sup-
pose it is proper for me to address to the Senate'
a few remarks to show why I have moved to strike
out these sections, because they are now in the
bill. In the first place I ought to say that I have
given to this subject, for the last nine weeks, al-
most my undivided attention. The chairman of
the Committee on Finance was flattering enough
to place me some two months ago or more at the
head of a sub-committee to investigate this ques-
tion and to look at this bill, which had then been
reported but not passed in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and he associated with me the honor-
able Senator fromMaryland, [Mr. Pearce,] and
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe.] We had not the advantage of the aid of
the SeiTator from Maryland, for about that time
he was taken sick, butl believe the Senator from
Wisconsin and myself were as industrious in in-
vestigating this question as most men are who
have such questions submitted to them. We called
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, and he fur-
nished us with a plan prepaied under his super-
vision, though not with much of his personal at-
tention. We examined that, and I think we both
regarded the plan submitted to us by the Secretary
of the Treasury as greatly superior to the bill of
the House of Representatives. So I understood
the Senator from Wisconsin. I never asked him
distinctly and directly, but that seemed to be the
current of our opinion. I know that the Sena-
tor from Maryland, from conversations with him
and from what he has suggested in reference to
these various systems oftaxation,preferred almost
any that he had seen to the one that came to us
from the House of Representatives. This bill
was passed by that House before we got anything
matured, as a sub-committee, in a definite shape,
and 1 believe the committee never had the plan of
the Secretary of the Treasury before them until
the Senator from Ohio took my copy and carried
it home, and 1 have not seen it since; but we con-
sidered that it was better, I among the rest, in
view of the impatience of the country to have
something before the Senate, to let the minority
of the committee report this bill of the House of
Representatives, although we should encounter
the weight of what would appear to be the report
