1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
consideration of the biH (H. R. No. 312) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
•and pay interest on the public debt.
- The amendment to the amendment reducing the
tax to one half per cent, was disagreed to.
- Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That the United States relinquishes its rightto
all mineral lands to the persons owning the improvements
thereon who shall pay the tax herein levied.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sheffield's
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley and
Sheffield were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The seventy-fourth section was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 74. dnd be it further enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May next there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on all sales of goods, wares, merchandise, aiticles>,or
things at auction, including all sales of stocks, bonds, and
other securities by brokers or at any boaid of brokers, a
duty of one tenth of one per cent, on the gioss amount of
such sales, and every auctioneer, broker, or other person
making such sales, as aforesaid, shall, at the end of each
and every month, make a list or return to the assistant as-
sessor of the dibtrict of the gross amount of all such sales,
made as aforesaid, with the amount of duty which has ac-
crued, or should accrue theieon, which list shall have an-
nexed thereto a declaration under oath or affirmation, in
form and manner as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of internal Revenue, that the same is true and correct, and
shall at the same time, as aforesaid, pay to the collector or
deputy collector the amount of duty or tax due theieupon, as
aforesaid, and in default thereof shall be subject to and pay
a penalty of $500. In all cases of delinquency in making
said lis>t or payment the assessment and collection shall be
made in the manner prescribed in the general provisions of
tills act.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the section,
in line five, by striking out the words " by brokers
or any board of brokers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the seventh
line, by striking out the words " broker or other
person."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend, in the ninth
line, by inserting after the word "month" the
words " or within tun days ihumiflcr;" so as to
make it correspond with an amendment in a former
part of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following as a pro-
viso to the section:
Provided, That no duty shall be required lo he paid under
this section upon any sales not included in the provisions
of the second subdivision of .section sixty-two ot this act.
The amendment is intended to exempt from
duty judicial sales, and those made by public
officeis holding public funds in trust.
Mr. HORTON. There is no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to amend by striking
out the whole of the seventy-fifth section, as fol-
lows:
Src. 75. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the said 1st day of May next, there shall bo levied, col-
Jccted, and paid by any person or persons owning, possess-
ing, or keeping any carnage, vvateh, piano forte, and bil-
liard table, the several ditties or sums of money set down
in figures against the same respectively, or othei wise spe-
cified and set forth in schedule (maiked A.)
SCHEDULE A.
Carriages, Watches, Piano Fortes, Billiard Tables, and
Plate.
JDuty.
Carriage, gig. chase, phaeton, wagon, buggy-wagon,
carrjatl, rockaway, or other like eai liago. the body
of which rests upon springs of any description,
Kept for use, and which shall not be exclusively
employed in husbandry or for the tran^poitation of
merchandise, and valued at fifty dollar* or over, in-
cluding the harness used therewith, when drawn
by one horse   $1 00
Carriages of like description drawn by two horses,
and any coach, hackney coach, omnibus, or four-
wheel carriage, the body of which rests upon
epiings of any description, which may be kept for
u e, lor lure, or for passengers, and which shall not
be exclusively employed m husbandry or for the
tianspoitation of meichandise, valued at fifty dol-
lars, and not pxceedimi$200, including the harness
Used thciewith, diawn by two horses or more.... 2 00
Carnages oi like description. when valued above
$20'.)] and not exceeding $600  5 00
Cai ibse* of like description, valued above §600.... 10 00
GoM watches, kept for use    1 00
Silver watches, kept for use    50
Piano fortes, kept for use....,  4 00
Billiard tables, kept for use  20 00
Plate of gold, kept for use, per ounce tioy  50
Plate of silver, kept for use, per ounce troy  3
Provided, That silver spoons or plate of silver, to an
amount not exceeding forty ounces, as aforesaid, belonging
to any one person, shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. Chairman, if this be not a direct tax, then
I am totally unable to comprehend whatis. I un-
derstand the difference between a direct and an
indirect or incidental tax to be, that a direct tax is
where the tax is levied directly on the piece of
property or on the amount which a man possesses,
and an indirect tax is that which is imposed for
the right to produce, for the right to deal in, or for
the right to import an article. Now, I know that
there is a decision of the Supreme Court from
which it is inferred that it has been decided that
the framers of the Constitution only meant land
and negroes when they declared that direct taxes
should be distributed according to population.
All that I can say is, that if that is what they
meant, they have adopted a most singular way of
expressing their meaning. It would have been
easy to say "land and negroes," but they have
said " direct taxes." And now, whether you say
that a man shall pay so much on every horse he
owns, so much on every acre of land he owns, or
so much on every negro he owns, it is alike a di-
recttax. There is nothing indirect about it. You
come up and tax the thing itscifdirectly. I have
no ingenuity to conceive what is a direct tax, if
this is not. I do not propose to discuss the ques-
tion at length, butwill contentmyself with stating
my objection.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, their Secretary,
requesting the House to return to the Senate a
bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit the allowance or
payment of pensions to the children of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same, viz:
A bill (H. R. No. 318) to prohibit the allow-
ance or payment of pensions to the children of offi-
cers ana soldiers of the war of the Revolution;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 49) for the ap-
pointment of Theodore D. Woolsey, of Connec-
ticut, a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in
place of Cornelius C. Felton, deceased.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
The pending question being on Mr. Diven's
amendment to strike out the seventy-fifth section,
Mr. HORTON. I do not propose to enter into
a legal discussion with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Diven,] for I do not pretend to be
much of a lawyer. I will, however, state for his
edification or information that that question has
been decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and that the decision is against his opin-
ion. I think it is safe for us to act on the decision
of the Supreme Court. At some other time I will
furnish the gentleman with the decision.
Mr. EDGERTON. The Supreme Court of the
United States decided unanimously, in 1796, that
a direct tax is a poll tax and a tax on land: and
under that decision the Government has acted
from that day to this.
Mr. DIVEN. Here is the book. I ask the
gentleman to show me that decision.
Mr. Diven's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by striking
out the twenty-first line, namely: " piano fortes
kept for use, four dollars," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words:
Oil organs and mclodeons kept for use-
Valued at $-.30 or le«s ,$0 50
Valued above $50 and not exceeding $100  1 00
Valued above $100  I 50
On piano fortes kept for use—
Valued at §50 or les>   50
Valued above $50 and not exceeding $100   1 00
Valued above $100 and not exceeding $200  2 00
Valued above $200 and not exceeding $30U 3 00
Valued above $300 and not exceeding $-100  £ 00
Valued above $400 and not cxceedm;; $500  5 00
Valued above $500   6 00
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " on" and
inserting " pianos, organs, and melodeons, one-
half of one per cent, ad valorem." In the State of
Ohio, Mr. Chairman, almost every family in the
country that is able to keep a piano has one. They
are taxed now the same as any other property,
and there is no reason in the world why they
should be taxed on any other basis than that re-
lating to their value. The richer people sell out
their old pianosand buy new ones, while the poorer
classes buy these inferior instruments. And yet,
by the bill, the poor man who owns a piano
costing fifty dollars, that his children may learn
music, is compelled to pay as much tax for it as
the rich man who owns one worth $1,000. That
is not equality. That is not the principle on which
we should tax what is denominated by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a luxury. If a piano
be a luxury let it be taxed in proportion to its
value.
Mr. STEVENS. T think that if the gentleman
from Ohio had looked at the amendment reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, he
would have seen that this tax is graduated, as he
contends it should be, according to value.
Mr. DELANO. I should like to have general
consent to make an inquiry of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
There was no objection.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to inquire what is to
be the operation of the bill in regard to the instru-
ments now kept for hire. It strikes me that there
is an ambiguity in*respect to them, and that, as
the bill now reads, the tax would be confined to
those who own, and keep for use, pianos, while
the reason for the tax would certainly apply much
more strongly to those who keep pianos for hire,
and who realize the largest profits made by any
class of dealers in the article.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be seen that the bill
proposes to levy a tax on those kept for use.
Mr. DELANO. But how is it about those kept
for hire?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the owner would
pay the tax. He keeps them for use, by hiring
them out.
Mr. DELANO. It strikes me that thatwould
be a forced construction to give to the bill. I would
suggest the employment of the words, " pianos
kept for use or hire."
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman whether
there could be any doubt that a horse kept at
livery could be taxed to the owner as kept for
use ?
Mr. DELANO. That is not a parallel case.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me
the point of inquiry of my colleague is as to the
interpretation to be given to the words of the third
and fourth lines of the section, which read, "and
paid by any person or persons owning, possess-
ing, or keeping any watch, piano forte," &c.
Now, the point of inquiry of my colleague is, who
is to pay this tax: the owner or the possessor oi
the piano forte? It is within my knowledge that
the loaning of piano fortes is a very considerable
branch of business. I know of some gentlemen
who let several hundred of them annually; but
the question is whether the owner or possessor ot
such an instrument is to pay the tax under this
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. DELANO. It strikes me that it will admit
of so much doubt as to the proper construction,
that I suggest to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means whether it would not be bet-
ter to make it definite one way or other.
Mr. STEVENS. I think perhaps it is better
to make it definite, and for that purpose I sug-
gest that it be made to read, "keep for use or
rent."
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the amendment will be incorporated into the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Horton.]
There was no objection.
Mr. Noble's amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "one fourth of one per cent.
ad valorem." I make this motion in view of the
action just taken by the committee, for it seems
to me that next to taxing family prayers, taxing
the instruments of family music has less justifica-
tion than any thing this House could enact. Do
you mean to tax the organs of churches? You
might a great deal better tax them than to tax the
