440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
be no division of the Union; that there can be no
two governments permitted within the limits of
the "United States; that there can be no peace xintil
the rebels laj*doWn their arms. The rebels, with
equal solemnity and equal firmness, have declared
that they will listen to no terms of peace which
do not assume as the basis the independence of the
southern confederacy. Honor,manhood, national
and personal pride, to say nothing of patriotism,
forbid that either party should yield except under
the most overwhelming necessity. If the Gov-
ernment submits to the rebels, it loses its charac-
ter, and ceases to be a Power among the nations
of the earth.
If the insurgents submit, they forfeit the object
of their highest ambition, and imperil the lives
of their leaders. This will never take place until
they are wholly subdued. How, then, and when
will this war end? In other words, how can the
South be wholly exhausted ? Let us not be de-
ceived. Those who talk about peace in sixty days
are shallow statesmen. When, I again ask, will
this war be ended ? I can venture to answer thatit
will not end until the Government shall more fully
comprehend the magnitude of the crisis; until they
have discovered that this is an internecine war in
which one party or the other must be reduced to
hopeless feebleness; and the power of further effort
shall be utterly annihilated. This is a sad but a
true alternative. The South can never be reduced
to that condition so long as the war is prosecuted
on its present principles. The North, with its
twenty millions of fieemen, with its countless
wealth, its industrious people, and its fertile soil,
never can conquer the South.until a new mode of
warfereisadopted. You may raise largerarmies;
you may gain battle after battle; you may overran
much of their territory; you cannot hold it. Their
soldiers are as brave as yours. Norhave we abler
generals than they; for it must be remembered
that Achilles is in his tent and no longer goes forth
to battle, detained by no frivolous wrath, but by
the heavy hand of enfeebling age.
The rebels will retreat to their inaccessible
mountainsand theirdeath-bearingswampsif, per-
chance, we should over defeat them. When the
winterfrosts have ceased to purify the air, and the
sun pours down his burning rays, your armies,
accustomed to northern climates, must retreat or
perish before the malaria of their rice fields and
dismal swamps. The enemy will repossess their
lands; the protecting summer will enable them
to cultivate their fields, replenish their granaries,
and raise cotton to furnish them the sinews of
war. So long as they are left the means of culti-
vating their fields through forced labor, you may
expend the blood of tens of thousands of freemen
and billions of money, year after year, without
being any nearer the end, unless you reach it by
your own submission, the rum of the nation, and
the destruction of constitutional freedom. Their
domestic institutions give them great advantages
over the free States in time of war. They need
not and they do not withdraw a single hand from
the cultivation of the soil. Their freemen never
labor. Every able-bodied white man can be spared
for the army. The aged and the infirm can stay
at home and oversee the slaves, and all their in-
dustrial puisuits bo uninterrupted. Although the
black man never lifts a weapon, he is really the
main-stay of the war.
A gentleman from South Carolina informed me
that ill the district where he had resided there was
but a single able-bodied wiiite man who was not
in the army. The slaves and old men were all
that stayed at home. Ilere is an article from the
Alabama Advertiser:
"The total white population of the eleven States now
comprising the confederacy is between live and six mil-
lions, and, therefore, to till up the rallies of the proposed
army about ten per cent, of the entire white population will
be lequircd. In any other countrv than our own such a
draft couid not be met; but the southern States can lurnish
that number of men and '-till not leave tile material inter-
ests_ of the country in a sufieiing condition. Those who
are incapacitated tor bearing arms can oversee the planta-
tions, and the negroes can go on undistuibed in their usual
labors. In the North the case is different; the men who
join the at my of subjugation are the laborers, the pioducers,
and the factory opeiativcs. Nearly every man in that sec-
tion, especially those frotn the rural districts, leaves some
branch of industry to suffer duiing his absence.
" The institution of slavery in the South alone enables
her to place in the field a force so much largei in proportion
to her white population than the North, or indeed than any
country which is dependent entirely oil free labor."
This is all true. The North with twenty mil-
lionsof freemen cannot spare much overone fourth
of their able-bodied men for the war. The agri-
cultural, mechanical, and manufacturing business
requires the rest; so that it cannot be denied that
the weakness of the South is her great strength
in time of war, if her enemy is weak enough to
permit it.
The question now again recurs, how can the
war be carried on so as to save the Union and
constitutional liberty ? Prejudice may be shocked,
weak minds startled, weak nerves may tremble,
but they must hear and adopt it. Those who now
furnish the means of war, but who are the natural
enemies of slaveholders, must be made our allies.
Universal emancipation mustbe proclaimed to all.
If the slaves no longer raised cotton and rice, to-
bacco and grain for the rebels, this war would
cease in six months. It could not be maintained
even if the liberated slaves should not lift a hand
against their masters. Their fields would no longer
produce the means by which they sustain the war;
unconditional submission would be the immediate
and necessary result. The sympathizer with trea-
son would raise an outcry about the horrors of a
servile insurrection, and would prate learnedly
about the Constitution. Which is most to be
abhorred, a rebellion of slaves fighting for their
liberty, or a rebellion of freemen fighting to mur-
der the nation? Which seems to you the most
cruel, calling on bondsmen to quell the insurrec-
tion, or shooting down their masters to effect the
same object? You send forth your sons and broth-
ers to shoot and saber and bayonet the insurgents;
but you hesitate to break the bonds of their slaves
to reach the same end. What puerile inconsist-
ency I
But it will be said that the Constitution does
not authorize Congress to interfere with slavery
in the States. That is true so long as the Consti-
tution and the laws are in fact supreme; as in times
of peace, when they can be maintained by the or-
dinary tribunals of the country. I believe there
is no one in this country who would attempt it.
But when the Constitution is repudiated and set
at defiance by an armed rebellion, too powerful to
be quelled by peaceful means, or by any rules pro-
vided for the regulation of the land and naval forces,
the Constitution itself grants to the President and
Congress asupplementaj power, which it was im-
possible to define, befcause it must go on increas-
ing and varying according to the increasing and
varying necessities of the nation. The Consti-
tution makes it the duty of the President to see
that all the laws be executed. If any unforeseen
and uncontrollable emergency should arise endan-
gering the existence of the Republic, and there
were no legal provision or process by which the
danger could be averted, the section of the Con-
stitution which says that "the President shall
take care that the laws shall'be faithfully execu-
ted" creates him, for the time being, as much a
dictator as a decree of the Roman senate that
the consul '• should take care that the common-
wealth should receive no detriment,"made him a
dictator, and gave him all power necessary for the
public safety, whether the means were inscribed
on their tables or not. Of course such power
would be limited by the necessity, and ought to
exist only until Congress could be convened. The
Romans, I believe, limited theirs to six months.
But when Congress would assemble, they would
possess the same full powers. They are author-
ized to raise ajmies and navies; to organize and
call out the militia " to suppress insurrection and
repel invasion." Lest these enumerated" acts
should prove insufficient, it wisely provides, that
11 Congiess shall have power to make all laws that shall
be nccessaiy and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Con-
stitution ill the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof." .
This Government is empowered to suppress
insurrection; its Executive is enjoined " to see all
the laws faithfully executed;" Congress is granted
power to pass all laws necessary to that end. If
no other means were left to save the Republic from
destruction, I believe we have power, under the
Constitution and according to its express provision,
to declare a dictator, without confining the choice
to any officer of the Government. Rather than the
nation should perish, I would do it; rather than
see the nation dishonored by compromise, con-
cession, and submission; rather than see the Union
dissevered; nay, rather than see one star stricken
from its banner, all other things failing, I would
do it now. Oh, for six months' resurrection in
the flesh of stern old Jackson! Give him power,
and he would handle this rebellion with iron
gloves. He would abolish slavery as the cause
and the support of the insurrection; he would arm
the free people of color, as he did at New Orleans;
he would march into the heart of slavedom, not
to pick cotton and open ports for trade, but to put
weapons into every freed man's hands. Treason
would soon hide its diminished head; rebellion
would succumb; and he would end the war by a
wholesale hanging of the leaders. A three months'
campaign, and one hundred thousand soldiers,
would suffice him for this; when he would resign
his power, and the people would gladly return
him to his honored resting-place.
I think I have shown that we possess all the
power now claimed to be under the Constitution,
even the tremendous power of dictatorship. Noth-
ing certainly would justify its exercise but its
necessity to snatch the nation from the jaws of
death. It is a fearful power."- May the necessity
neverarise. But it is not as fearful as the usurp-
ations of Cataline and Jeff Davis and Beauregard.
The one is granted for good, the other seized for
mischief. When you speak of constitutional
power, whence do you derive the authority to kill
the rebels? It is given by no express power in
the Constitution. You possess it as a means of
the granted power to suppress insurrection; hence
also the power of emancipation. Even if the Con-
stitution were silent on this power, and it became
inevitably necessary for the safety of the people,
the first law of nature would give it. Salus populi
—the safety of the people—would become the su-
preme law—higher than all laws and all constitu-
tions. If those to whom this safety is intrusted
are afraid to disregard everything else but that
higher law, they are unfit for their place. What
sickly loyalty and humanity is that which would
allow lawless insurgents to murdera hundred thou-
sand freemen, rather than liberate an oppressed
people to prevent it?
It may be asked why liberate the slaves of all
instead of confining itto those belonging to rebels?
I see great difficulty in executing such a law. Per-
jury, fraud, and falsehood, would screen half of the
guilty. But I can see no good cause for the discrim-
ination. Our object should be notonlytoend this
terrible warnow,but topreventits recurrence. All
must admit that slavery is the cause of it. With-
out slavery we should this day be a united and
happy people. So long as it exists we cannot have
a solid Union. Patch up a compromise now and
leave this germ of evil, it would soon again over-
run the whole South, even if you freed three fourths
of the slaves, and your peace would be a curse.
You would have expended countless treasures and
untold lives in vain. The principles of our Repub-
lic are wholly incompatible with slavery. They
cannot live together. While you are quelling this
insurrection atsuch fearful cost, remove thecause,
that future generations may live in peace.
But I would do no injustice to loyal men, JL
do not admit the rightful ownership of any "hu-
man being in any human soul. But in deference
to chromcerror and prejudice, I would treat them
as if such a tiling were possible. Let Govern-
ment pledge the faith of the nation to make com-
pensation for the loss of loyal citizens. With such
assurance every patriotic slaveholder ought to be
satisfied. He would see that the good of the na-
tion as well as his own required it. There are
but few slaveholders that deserve our considera-
tion. They are mostly in the agricultural States
—Ken tuck}', Tennessee, Missouri, Virginia, Ma-
ryland, and Delaware. Although for a season it
might be inconvenient, it would eventually be
of vast service to them to exchange their slaves
for a fair compensation. But, even without their
consent, the " safety of the people" should over-
rule their reluctance. When Hannibal was at the
gates of Rome, the Senate liberated the slaves, and
incorporated them into their legions, where they
fought bravely. After the commonwealth was
saved, they offered to pay the masters. Those
noble Romans, with a magnanimity which we do
not expect in these degenerate days, refused anv
compensation. Every Government allows private
property to be taken for public use when the ne-
