THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
tuted on behalf of the Government by the exec-
utive department of the Government. It seems
to me that the Senator from Illinois is of all others
the last person who should object to this explan-
atory provision by which the bill is made to con-
form to his own principles.
Mr. WADE. Mr; President ■>
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow mc, I should like to say a word in re-
ply to the Senator from New York.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I understand that property
may be seized anywhere, but the Army may seize
it also. J did not state all the features of the bill.
The bill, as I understand it, makes it the duty of
the President to seize the property anywhere. He
may do it by the Army and he may do it without
the Army. He may do it in my State, by insti-
tuting proceedings, without any Army. I am
aware of that; but this is not a proceeding against
the person, bin it is a proceeding against property
where the persons themselves have run away; and
I have always insisted that there was no sort of
difficulty in taking the property of a man whom
you could not catch.
Mr. FESSENDEN, If my friend from Ohio
will allow mc, 1 do not want to lecture anybody or
suggest anything offensive; but I wish to suggest
to the Senate that if this resolution is to be passed
with the amendment—I do not know whether it
is or not—it will have to go to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and will necessarily take some time
there; and 1 hope Senators will bring the debate to
a close as soon as they can conveniently.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator had seen fit to un-
derstand my argument, and to treat it as«f made
it, itwould notbe necessary for me to say another
word; but his whole argument proceeded on an
entire misapprehension of all that I said on the
subject. If I understood him, he accused us of
being in collision with-the President on this sub-
ject. Fie contended that I was endeavoring to pro-
cure an approval by the President of an act that
he thought unconstitutional. If he will read his
speech, he will find that that constitutes the great
burden of his argument in opposition to the re-
marks that 1 made. So far from there being any-
thing; in that idea, I said that the Senate and the
President had their appropriate duties to perform;
that when we made up our minds to pass a bill, it
implied that that bill was, in our judgment, con-
stitutional; that we passed upon its constitution-
ality', that it went, from our hands with our sanc-
tion that it was all right in reference to the Con-
stitution. I said that I had no controversy with
the President about its constitutionality, because
by the Constitution he has an independent right
to judge for himself upon that question. Notwith-
standing it may have received the sanction of the
entire Senate, he may differ witii them all, and if
he still believes it unconstitutional, it is his right,
nay, it is his duty, to vindicute the Constitution
by a veto. But that Constitution has pointed out
the manner in which this shall be done; and all I
complained of was of the manner in which this
matter had been brought in here, as I believe estab-
lishing a precedent highly dangerous in its cffect
upon the Senate hereafter, as well as upon the dig-
nity of this body, as tending to interfere with its
privileges. What, sir, is more dangerous than in
the inception, before the Piesident has come to the
performance of his duty, for us to go and ascer-
tain what his private opinions may be, and come
back here to the Senate and say, you must make
your ideas of constitutional law square with that
of the President, as we have received if, or you
will lose all your legislation? That is the plain
English of it.
Sir, that is destructive of the independence of
the Senate. It is a direct conflict with the privi-
leges of the Senate. We ought to deliberate here
entirely free and independent of any opinions the
President may entertain. Wc have no right to
know anything as to his opinions on the subject
of the constitutionality of a bill before us. If \vo
are satisfied ourselves about it, we should pass it.
The President, however, when it goes to him has
a constitutional duty to perform, for which he is
responsible to the country us well as we are for
what we do; and I am not the man to procure from
him a recognition or approval of an act that he
may deem unconstitutional. In the argument I
made, if argument it might be called, I expressed
it always with that exception; and yet the Sen-
ator, in his argument, accused mc of endeavoring
to procure an approval by the President of a law
that he thought was unconstitutional. No such
thing ever entered my heart or my head. I be-
lieve our duties are entirely independent of each
other. 1 believe, notwithstanding the all-import-
ance of this great measure, that it is not so im-
portant as that we should depart from the great
principles of the Constitution; for I do not believe
in the history of the legislation of this country
there ever has been a bill introduced to modify an
act to make it conform to what were said to be the
opinions of the President as to its constitutional-
ity before he had passed upon it. I believe the
thing is as new as it is dangerous in its effects.
1 did not accuse the Senator of doing anything
improper. I did not know he was the gentleman
who got the information. From the high-spirited
manner in which he always conducts affairs here,
I hardly suspected that he would go near the Pres-
ident until he saw fit in a constitutional way to
tell us what his opinions were. I know that what-
ever he did was dictated by the highest Idea of
patriotism and love of country. Ithoughtof noth-
ing else. I accused nobody; and especially, when
I ascertained the source from whence it had come,
I would have dismissed all idea that there was
anything improper intended,and would know that
it was exactly the other way. If the Senator luis
been to the President and learned from him his
objections to this bill, and he has seen fit to bring
them into Congiess and endeavor to obviate that
objection in this way, it is because he believes it
is absolutely necessary to do so. I do not im-
pcach his patriotism. I know he has done it from
the highest considerations of what he believes to
be right. But, sir, after all, I believe the precedent
to be a dangerous one. I cannot believe that it is.
justified even by the importance of the measure
under consideration. I would rather await the
action of the President; see what his objection
is, and see if we can obviate it.
The Senator has also said there was another
clement in itof paramount importance,'which ought
to lead us to consider it well; and that was that
the Congress was about to expire. Sir, the Con-
gress will expire precisely when we, the Senate
and House of Representatives, say itshall expire,
and not before; and we should be exceedingly
wanting i\\ patriotism if wc could not postpone it
in order to accomplish an object of the highest im-
portance to the country. 1 think we had better
await the constitutional manner in which these
things should be done, and if the President has
constitutional scruples, see what they are. If we
can pass the bill over his veto, we ought to do it;
it is our constitutional right, duty, and privilege
to do it. If we cannot, then wc might institute
other measures free from any of the objections that
he seems to have. I should like that method of
proceeding even i£it detained us here a month,
rather than go across lots in the matter in a way
that only seems to mc not only new but dangerous.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, our country
is in peril. This is much to say; but it must be
said, and we must all govern ourselves accord-
ingly. More than ever before, the time has now
come for us to exclaim," our country, our whole
country, and nothing but our country." This is
the lesson of the day. In the presence of such
peril, and under the weight of such duties, there
is no pride of opinion which I cannot freely sac-
rifice; nor can I stand on any order of our proceed-
ings. 1 ask no questions, and 1 make no terms.
If in any way I know that an important measure
can be secured, which I think vital to the country,
I shall spare no effort to secure it. Rules are for
protection and defense, and to facilitate business.
If in any way they become an impediment, they
cease to perform their natural office, and I can
easily abandon them, especially when my coun-
try isin peril. Therefore, sir, I am onlyslightly
impressed by the argument that our information
with regard to the President is informal. It is
enough for me that a measure which wc all have
at heart as essential to our national life may fail
to receive his constitutional approval unless it is
modified m advance by u supplementary statute.
Anxious for this measure, I think how it may be
secured rather than how the opinions of the Pres-
ident have become known to us.
Of course, sir, I cannot enter into the doubts
attributed to the President. To me they seem ut-
terly groundless and fallacious. They proceed
on the mistaken idea that we are proceeding by
i)uHctonrtt£,and not by tear; and they voluntarily
subject the country to ail the constraint of a crim-
inal trial'when the exigency requires the ample
latitude of war. If soldiers arc sent forth to bat-
tle, if fields are occupied as camps, and houses
are occupied as hospitals, without permission of
the owners, it is by virtue of the war powers of
Congress,or, in otherwords,the belligerent rights
of this Government. And it is by virtue of these
same belligerent rights that the property of an
enemy may be taken; nor, if he be an enemy, is
there any check upon these rights in the Constitu-
tion. Whether you choose to take his property
for life, «r beyond life, the Constitution is indif-
ferent; for all constitutional limitations are en-
tirely inapplicable to belligerent rights. Accord-
ing to express words, you may not " abridge the
freedom of speech or the press;" nor "infringe
the right of the people to keep and bear arms."
Nor can you take "life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law." And yet, wherever
your armies move, and elsewhere, too, you do
all these very things in the cxercise of acknowl-
edged belligerent rights. But the right of confis-
cation, whether for life or beyond life, is as clear.
Unhappily, sir, our country is now engaged
in war—terrible, relentless,unquestionable war—
and if you wish success, it must be prosecuted as
war, and you must cxercise the belligerentrights ,
of the Government. If we were dealing with cases
of treason, or with a seditious riot, or with a mere
outbreak, our process would be limited by the Con-
stitution; but with an enemy before us, lashed into
fury and led on by " Ate hot from hell," where is
the limit to the powers which we shall employ?
I remember that Burke, in his great effort on con-
ciliation with America, says, "it looks to me to
be narrow and pedantictoapply the ordinary ideas
of criminal justice to this great public contest; (
do not know the method of drawing up an in-
dictment againsta whole people." But when you
refuse to take the property of an enemy in open war,
onaccountof a provision in the Constitution obvi-
ously intended only forthcprotection of the citizen,
you substitute the ordinary ideas of criminal jus-
tice for the requirements of war; you voluntarily
weaken your armies and diminish your power. I
am almost tempted to say that in a blind devotion
to the form of the Constitution you sacrifice its sub-
stance. Indeed, I might say that in misapplying-
the text of the Constitution you sacrifice the Con-
stitution itself.
Pardon me for seeming, even thus briefly, to
argue this question, i do it only because I would
not have the vote which 1 shall give in any way
misunderstood. I shall suppoi t the proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,]
not because I think it right, butbecause its adop-
tion will help secure the bill which has already
occupied so much of the attention of Congress and
so much of the hopes of the country.
Mr. President, I have never from the begin-
ning disguised mv conviction that the most im-
portant part of the bill relates to emancipation.
To save this part, to secure this essential element
of success, to establish this assurance of victory,
and to obtain for my country this crown of pros-
perity and glory, I willingly abandon all the rest.
The navigator is sometimes called to save his ship
by casting into the st a a part of the cargo.
But whatever may be the difference between the
President and Congress, there are two points on
which there is no difference. The blacks are to
be employed, and the slaves are to be freed. In
this proclamation the Presidentand Congress will
unite. Together they will deliver it to the coun-
try and to the world.
It is an occasion of just congratulation that the
long debates of this session have at last ripened
into a measure which I do not hesitate to declare
as more important than any victoiy which has
been achieved by our arms. Thank God! the
new levies which are now called for will be placed
under the inspiration of an idea which cannot fail.
In spite of all discomfitures, past or present, that
idea unbodied in the embattled armies of the Re-
public,will nowgo forward conqueringand to con-
quer; for it is the idea of freedom, and freedom's
battle once begun cannot be lost.
Sir,from thisday forward the war will be waged
with new hopes and new promise's. A new power
will be enlisted incalculable in influence, strength-
ening our armies, weakening the enemy, twvak-
