1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
to be a great help m carrying on our finances.
Then I want to get forty-odd millions of income
tax to be added to seventy-five or eighty millions
from customs; and if we pass the tariff that 1
see our industrious friends in the other House are
preparing, we shall get more than §100,000,000
of imposts in a year, when every pait of the
country is paying its just proportion; and we shall
get it, more than four fifths of it, five sixths of
it, without the rebels. They never did pay a
great, deal of income of any sort, and I should not
have much objection to their going, if it was not
that it would spoil the country. As for any finan-
cial help from them, I should not regret their ab-
sence very much.
I now come to the consideration of our probable
wants for the year,to come. I am going to allow
two or three hundred?millions until we get over
the rebellion) but I assume that when wo get over
it our indebtedness will be about $833,000,000. I
think we can get over it in a year, and the biggest
partofit in three months; and indoed two or three
weeks ago I thought we should get through with
it sooner than that. We shall owe a debt of from
$800,000,000 to $850,000,000. The interest on it
will be §50,000,000 a year. We shall want to ex-
pend at least §100,000,000 annually for the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government, and for the in-
crease of the Army and Navy and the building of
Monitors ;at least i should vote to expend that much
if i were here. Our expenses used to run up to
sixty-two or sixty-three millions,and sometimes
as high as $70,000,000. I hope and trust that the
Government of my country will never spend less
than $100,000,000 a year after this. I hope they
will be as economical in their civil list as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] wants
them to be, but I know he will go for building a
steam navy of Monitors and the like that will cope
with the world, and I would have fortifications
besides.
f assume that we shall have $50,000,000 of in-
terest to pay, and $100,000,000 for the current ex-
penses of the Government. Then 1 want to have
a sinking fund of $50,000,000 towards paying out
the debt. I have made a little ciphering about
that. I cast the figures myself, and I am hardly
ever mistaken in such matters. Now, the opera-
tion of a sinking fund of$50,000,000 annually, in-
vested, $25,000,000 each half year, commencing
on the 1st of January, 1863, would wipe out an
entire debt of $800,000,000 before the end of 1873.
I ask Senators to contemplate their country going
through a revolution such as has not been known
in a century in any part of the world, with armies
such as have not been raised in three centuries,
with a perfectly depleted Treasury when we came
into power, without arms, without soldiers, we in-
augurating the whole war, contracting a debt of
$700,000,000 for its prosecution, in addition to
one of $120,000,000 before, and passing a revenue
measure that shall not put a finger's weight upon
any branch of industry in the country, and get-
ting out of the woods in less than ten years. Let
the nations that want to injure us contemplate it.
1 want to hold it up to England, that is always
belittleing us and our resources, i propose to levy
duties on four or five articles, and the main one
upon distilled spirits, and I would put that prop-
osition alongside erf their quires of taxes, and I
say we can accomplish this great result and not
levy upon the principal articles one sixth pait of
the duties they impose. When they have lead
that and digested it, let them write another artielc
for the Tunes.
I have made an estimate of the amount that
will be received from tho various taxes under the
scheme which I propose. 1 assume that the in-
come tax, as I propose it, will give us$46,200,000
annually; that a tax of thirty-live cents a gallon
on distilled spirits will give us $42,000,000; that
a tax of ten cents agallon on rectified,redistilled,
and mixed liquors, will give us $6,000,000; a tax
on petroleum oil $6,000,000—and that is a meie
estimate, for they say this oil is coming up all
over, and if we can refine it fast enough we can
get more money—and then I calculate that a tax of
two dollars on beer will give $10,000,000; a tax of
twenty cents a pound on tobacco and snuff and
cigars, $20,000,000, and that is not one third that
England puts on; and then I putdown $10,000,000
for the tax on licenses, and besides that, I though t
of getting from some source, a little outside of the
loyal States, and a little on .the edge of some of
mi
the loyal'slaveholding States, about #15,000,000.
Then there are two or three millions that come
from other sources—auctioneers' duties, &c.,
making altogether about |155,000,000. I calculate
to get §100,000,000 from imports, and thus have a
total revenue of jj255,000,000.
I have shown you that, according to my notions,
$200,000,000 will pay the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, interest on the public debt, and leave a
sinking fund large enough to wipe out the entire
debt before the end of 1873. Now, the question
is, whether you want to raise more than that,
whether it is better to put upon the industry of
the country and upon the resources of the coun-
try, at a time like this, burdens enough to raise a
fund to wipe out the entire debt in less time than
that. Will not the people of the United States,
with their credit as it is now, prefer to take a little
time to entirely acquit this nation of debt, rather
than to undertake to load themselves down by in-
tolerable burdens when they are struggling for
their existence?
Now, I want to say a word about these sources
of revenue in contradistinction to those contained
in the bill. In the first place, the income tax is a
tax upon accumulated wealth. No man will be
taxed if he has not accumulated and got an income
of over $600 a year. 1 put it at §1,000 in the bill
1 framed last year-, the House of Representatives
then fixed it at §600, and we compromised in the
bill last summer at $800. It has now been brought
down to $600, and 1 shall not propose to go higher.
There is more reason now for going lower than
there was then, because we have greater burdens.
The difference between the two propositions is
that, under the bill, the income tax will not come
in till next year, while I propose to make it pay-
able this year.
I want to see if I cannot satisfy the Senate that,
so far as the productive industry of this nation is
concerned, the taxes that I propose will not bear
a feather's weight upon it. Take the article of
distilled spirits, on which I propose a tax of thir-
ty-five cents a gallon. Nine tenths of the distilled
spirits made and used in this country are sold by
letail over the counters of bar-rooms, sold fit three
lates of prices—m the corner shop or store at three
cents a glass; in a little more respectable class of
places, but not the highest class taverns, at five or
six cents; and in the first-class taverns at ten or
twelve andahalf cents. Whisky, before there was
any suggestion of an internal duty upon it, sold
for from eighteen to twenty-two cents a gallon. I
suppose that the tax which 1 piopose, if imposed,
will bung it up to fifty-three oi fifty-four cents;
for 1 cxdim t the distilleis to get just as much as
they did before, because it is an article that peo-
ple will have. I have been told by a good many
distillers since this matter has been up, that when
whisky was fifty cents a gallon in 1856-57, there
had never up to that time been so much demand
for it, and there had never before been so much
sold ill one year. I put the cost of the whisky,
then, at fifty-three or fifty-four cents. It will re-
quire a little time to age it and get it fit to diink,
so that it will probably cost sixty cents to the re-
tailer, including interest, or perhaps sixty-four
cents. Put it up to sixty-four cents, so as to give
ample time to have it fit to drink by almost any- j
body, and it will be one cent for each glass of ]
liquor of the size ordinarily drank in these places, j
The price averages six cents to tho consumer; so j
that, with the tax on, the profits will be five sixths !
of the iceeipts at the bar. It costs about half a |
cent a glass without the tax, and then eleven ;
twelfths of the receipts arc profit. 1 propose to ;
let them have five sixths profits. All 1 seek to i
take for the Government is one eleventh part of !
their profits, and I think they have no right to i
complain of that. I do not know of any biisiuess 1
that was ever carried on in tho cinli^-d world that j
ever paid such a profit as the retail trade in liquors. ;
The article will not cost the consumer any more, j
and the tax will be borne by the dealers. I think
it ought to be so.
Then, when you come to beer, the average
wholesale price of it is four dollars a barrel, and
at the ordinary price they sell it it retails for about
twenty dollars, so that there is sixteen dollars of
every twenty received at tho bar profit. If we
take two dollars, the retailers will only get four-
teen dollars profit on a barrel that costs them six
dollars, including the tax. That leaves thern a
little over two thirds of their receipts as profit.
Thus it w/11 not cost.tile cpnsumer any more, th?
brewer will get (lis .price fo,r the beer and the tai
besides, and those who reiail i't.wUget'mqrethari;
two thirds of their receipts as profits..- X do not*
believe that is a .hard tax, and if I could by pds-.'
sibility encourage my friend from Massachusetts
with the hope that it would diminish'the, consump-;
tion I would; but I cannot. I do not believe that
the tax put on distillers and brewers will ever en-
courage anybody to sell or prevent anybody from'
selling. Just as much will be sold with itaswitii-
out it.
Then, there is the tax on tobacco, snuff, and
cigars, another great item, from which I propose
to derive po,000,000. I have said once, and Irepeat
now, that since this rebellion the wholesale price
of tobacco has gone up more than one hundred
per cent. It has gone up from eighteen or twenty-
two cents for manufactured tobacco to forty-two
or forty-six cents. I buy tobacco every week,
and I have taken a note of the size of the pieces
I get for five cents, to see if they were not smaller,
but I could never see the slightest difference. I
can buy just as much now for five cents as I could
when it was sold for half the presenftjrlHiat whole-
sale; and it will be bought justas cIRafi-if we put
on this tax. When we get to Richmond—and I
think we ought to have it before the week is out—
when we get into the great tobacco-manufacturing
region, tobacco will be cheaper with this twenty
cents duty on than itis to-dayin thegreat tobacco-
consuming States,
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will destroy it all.
Mr. SIMMONS. Theycannotdestroy theman-
ufactered, they may destroy the leaf, and I do not
propose to tax that. I have examined that mat-
ter. Tobacco will not be any higher to the con-
sumer on account of the tax; in fact, the retail
dealers will not have to give any more foritthan
they do now. If they give as much, the folks who
have the tobacco on hand in the South will get a
higher price than they can get now. It can be
bought in Richmond to-day for fourteen cents.
What 1 want to impress on the Senate is, that
I have endeavored to select such articles as shall
not put a feather's weight on the consumer, arid
shall not withdraw a single item of profit from the
pioducer, and yet shall take money out of the ex-
orbitant profits of the people who deal in these
articles. They are exorbitant, and they will Jiave
enough left. 1 should be willing to carry on busi-
ness for one tenth part of what they make, but I
should want to carry it on upon a larger scale.
Their receipts are nearly all piofit.
Then there are a number of ten dollar licenses.
I put them m for this reason: if we ever have oc-
casion to resort to the other items in the present
bill, in case the Senate should have the kindness
to adopt the suggestions I propose for this year,
these men will be known to the assessors and col-
lectors, and it is a very useful part of this ma-
chinery to have them known. Then, if it shall be
necessary hereafter to go to other branches besides
those I have named, we shall have the whole ma-
chinery on hand without any trouble. And what
is ten dollars for a man to pay that is carrying on
any of these branches of business? It amounts to
a good deal ill the aggiegate, but individually it
is the meicst bagatelle m the world.
I have, got th rough with all my list except slaves,
and I was in hopes that that would have been ar-
ranged by this time. I was trying to arrange it
with my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] yes-
teiday, so that we couldget a tax on that descrip-
tion of property or that class of products, which
we could all agiee upon, and insert a section that
would not irritate anybody, but vvuuld generally
be considered about fan. 1 believe that I have
not overstated the character of the proposition that
1 have offered, nor overstated how lightly it will
bear on the industry of this people.
Now, sir, I will instance the character of the
provisions of this bill, as it came from the House,
upon the great leading branches of industry. I
shall not weary the Senate by going into a great
variety of them. I will single out one case as an
example of a great class of cases, and there I will
quit it, and leave the Senate to their reflections
upon that single case, rather than have their at-
tention divided among a hundred just such cases
as I could pick out. I will take the branch of busi-
ness known as tho coarse cotton manufacture.
Tho articles made in that branch of business are
known to everybody, familiar to every family,
