THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cessity is imperative. Patriots will not stop to in-
quire about the compensation in times of extreme
peril. Moscow, imperial Moscow, with her hun-
dred palaces, was laid in ashes by Russian hands
lest it should shelter an enemy. The Czar has
lately emancipated forty millions of slaves, not-
withstanding- the reluctance of the nobles. They
have magnanimously acquiesced, and the world
has applauded. Thcreal patriots who are still loyal
to the Union would, I am sure, willingly lay this
sacrifice on the altar of their country. The rebels,
and those who would not acquiesce, deserve not
to be consulted. I would pay a fair value to all
true men, and to none others.
Wc need not be alarmed about the cost. The
States that have not actually seceded hold the fol-
lowing number of slaves:
Delaware  1.798
Kentucky  225,490
Maryland  87,188
Missouri  114,965
I suppose one half to belong to loyal men & ) 429,441
214,720
Suppose all the other States have slaves belonging
to loyal masters  80,000
29-1,720
In round numbers, say three hundred thousand
to be paid for.
In these times I doubtif whole families are worth
on an average $150 each. When Great Britain
manumitted her West India slaves, she paid about
one hundred and twenty-five dollars a head. But
suppose them worth $200 a piece, the three hun-
dred thousand would cost §60,000,000. The war
is now costing at the rate of §500,000,000 a year.
Deduct the price of the slaves ($60,000,000) from
one year's expenses, ($500,000,000,) and it would
leave a saving of §440,000,000. Manumit the
slaves, and the war would end in six months.
Leave them to the rebels, and I doubt if six years
will end it. Six years with slavery and a debt of
$2,000,000,000—manumission with peace in six
months, slavery extinct on this continent, and a
debt of $500,000,000. These are the alternatives.
Let the tax-payers and patriots choose between
tjjem.
But even this is not the most frightful part of
Nthe picture. This war continued three years will
cost us moie than one hundred thousand lives.
The Crimean war cost France sixty-five thousand
men, in an army of two hundred thousand. More
die by disease than by the sword. How wicked
shall we and our rulers be; how guilty before the
world if our citizens are thus slaughtered and their
money needlessly squandered! All the waters of
the Nile can never wash the blood from our souls!
Remember this is notawar begun by us foreman-
cipation. But emancipation is a legitimate means
to defend against a war forced upon us by bloody
rebels. Is not the instrument a legitimate one ?
The insurgents are using Africans in their armies.
They have enlisted the savage tribes on our bor-
ders to assail us with their scalping-knives and
tomahawks. The law of nations justifies this pro-
ceeding. We need hardly go to Vattel to learn
" that the first duty of every nation is self-pres-
ervation, in which the entire nation is obliged to
assist.5' All publicists say " that in a just war
wc have a right to put in practice against the
enemy every measure that is necessary to weaken
him and disable him from resisting us and sup-
porting injustice." The slave is in a state of war
with his master. Why not employ the enemy of
our enemy fo weaken his power?
Vattel lays it down:
" Th.it in every circumstance, when I cannot innocently
take away my prisoners life, I have no right to make him
a slave, if 1 spaie Ins lite and condemn him to a state so
eontiary to the nature of man, I still continue with him in
a state of war. He is under no obligation to nic, for what
is life without freedom?"
Again:
" The obligation is more extensive and more certain with
legard to a people whom oui enemy had unjustly oppressed.
For people thus f-poiled of their hbeity never renounce the
hope of recovering it. If they have not voluntarily incor-
porated themselves with the State, if they have not ticely
aided her in the war against us, we ceitainly ought to use
our victory, as not merely to give them ww masters, but to
break their chains. To deliver au oppiessed people is a
noble fruit of victory.''
Would to God that my amiable colleague from
Luzerne [Mr. Wright] had sufficient elevation
of soul to appreciate this noble sentiment of this
learned Frenchman!
All nations have used emancipation as a legiti-
mate means of warfare. Hannibal liberated the
slaves of Rome, and used them against their mas-
ters. When Virginia rebelled against England,
Lord Dunmore issued a proclamation offering
freedom to those slaves belonging to rebel masters
who should join his troops at Yorktown. Many
hundreds did join him and fought bravely. Pa-
triotic slaveholders ought not and would not com-
plain. The loftiest dwellings of the most innocent
men that screen an approaching enemy are burned
to the ground without scruple. If this state of
society disturbs the peace of the nation and ob-
structs the workings of rational liberty, it must
cease, and all must accommodate themselves to it.
Certain unreasoning and unreasonable men cry
out against the " horrors of emancipation.As
if giving men their freedom would produce insur-
rection. Wccan understand why slaves revolt to
obtain their freedom; but we cannot see how free-
dom can produce insurrection. The British West
India Islands were frequently in revolt while sla-
very existed. Since emancipation it is unknown.
The attempt to rcenslave men who had once been
free produced the horrors of St. Domingo. May
it always be so. Slavery, not freedom, makes
savages of human beings. Certain other sensitive
gentlemen fear that emancipation would flood the
North with free negroes. Never was a greater
mistake. If every southern slave were free, he
would stay just where lie is. The labor of every
one of them would be wanted to cultivate south-
ern plantations. The only difference would be,
they would then be hired and paid for their labor,
and find themselves. Now they work for their
living. Indeed, there would be greater demand
for their labor than there is now; for the foreign
slave trade, which is said to furnish thirty thou-
sand annually, would be stopped. Delaware,
Maryland, and the District of Columbia are a fair
illustration of this subject. Delaware has twenty
thousand free people of color, and seventeen hun-
dred slaves. Why do not her colored people
spread over the North ? This District has eleven
thousand free colored people, and three thousand
slaves. Maryland has about eighty thousand free
persons of color, and eighty-five thousand slaves.
Yet all these free people find employment on the
soil; they do not wander into the neighboring free
States. The blacks that go North are the slaves,
not the free. If there were no slavery in the
South, the North would soon be drained of her
African population, seeking a climate more agree-
able to their constitutions. Even those now in
Canada would return to their native land.
I deem manumission merciful, but admit it to
be the most terrible weapon in our armory. Is
that an argument against its use? Instruments of
war are not selected on account of their harmless-
ness. You choose the cannon that has the longest
range. You throw the shell that will kill the most
men by its explosion. You grind to its sharpest
edge the saber bayonet.
But you objectto emancipation because it'liber-
ates the slaves of traitors! Tender-hearted Chris-
tians! Merciful statesmen! Bencvolentphilanthro-
pists! If such men are statesmen, where are the
idiots to be found ? It must come to this, and the
sooner the better. Talk as we please of the power
and patriotism of the North, and their fidelity to
the great compact; they do not exhibit nor feel that
fiery zeal which impels the South in their schemes
of personal ambition and love of dominion. We
act from conscientious fidelity, under the cool dic-
tates of honest judgment; but we feel nothing of
that determined and invincible courage that was
inspired in the Revolution by the grand idea of
liberty, equality, and the rights of man. We feel
none of the ardor which inspired the French rev-
olution, the heroes of Switzerland, and the immor-
tal Garibaldi. Their whole souls and judgments
were possessed and impelled by the glorious prin-
ciple of freedom. Instead of being governed by
that idea which renders men unconquerable, we
feel that, while we are fighting for a compact, we
are fighting to rivet still stronger the chains of
slavery.
Our statesmen, unlike the men of the Revolu-
tion,donot seem to know how to touch the hearts |
of freemen and rouse them to battle. No declara- jj
tion of the great objects of Government, no glo- n
rious sound of universal liberty has gone forth
from the capital. But a single memberof the Ad-
ministration has had the sagacity to perceiveand
the courage to declare the true mode of ending this
rebellion with honor to the nation and profit to
humanity; and he was so isolated that it seemed
like the voice of one crying in the wilderness,
choked and smothered in the utterance. And now
he has been driven from the Cabinet and exiled to
Siberia.
It is well that so good a successor was found.
We have put a sword into one hand of our gen-
erals and sliackles into the other. Freemen are not
inspirited by such mingled music. Let the people
know that this Government is fighting not only
to enforce a sacred compact, but to carry out to
final perfection the principles of the Declaration
of Independence, which itsframers expected would
long since have been fulfilled on this continent,
and the blood of every freeman would boil with
enthusiasm, and his nerves be strengthened in this
holy warfare. Give him the sword in one hand,
and the book of freedom in the other, and he will
soon sweep despotism and rebellion from every
corner of this continent. Thus would a benign
Providence bring incalculable good out of this
mighty evil.
What an awful responsibility rests on those in
authority. Their mistakes may bring mourning
upon the land and lasting sorrow to many a fire-
side. Let them not say it may come to this at
last, but not yet. Remember that every day^s
delay costs the nation $1,500,000 and hundreds of
lives. If an effectual course is not to be pursued,
for fear of offending border State friends, better
submit at once, and, if we cannot save our honor,
save, at least, the lives and treasure of the nation.
If those in authority will not awake to their
responsibility, and use the stern energy necessary
•for the public safety, let the people speak, and
teach them that this is a responsible Government,
in which the rulers are but the servants of the
people.
What an opportunity is presented to this Re-
public to vindicate her consistency and become
immortal. The occasion is forced upon us, and
the invitation presented to strike the chains from
four millions of human beings, and create them
men; to extinguish slavery on this whole conti-
nent; to >vipe out, so far as we are concerned, the
most hateful and infernal blot that ever disgraced
the escutcheon of man; to write a page in the his-
tory of the world whose brightness shall eclipse
all the records of heroes and of sages.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is now
closed upon this bill; and if there be no objection,
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed with.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The best mode is
to read the bill through.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill;
but was subsequently interrupted by
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, who said: The pur-
pose I had in calling for the reading of the bill,
was to call the attention of the House to the bill.
I now withdraw the request.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I renew the demand.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill through.
The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ment.
The first clause being under consideration,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING said: I propose to
amend the first clause of the bill by adding thereto
the following:
But nothing heiein continued shall be construed as in
any manner impairing the right to rcducc the compensation
of any officer of the Government, or to abolish any existing
office.
It is known to members that the joint commis-
sion of the two Houses of Congress, appointed
under the act of the 31st of July last, has already
reported three separate bills for the retrenchment
of thecxpendituresin the civil, military, and naval
service of the Government. By those bills the com-
pensation of many of the officers mentioned in the
bill now before the House is greatly reduced, and
the question presents itself whether these officers
will acquire any right and title to the compensation
prescribed by this bill, should it pass at this time.
For the purpose of determining that question
to my own satisfaction, 1 have taken pains to ad-
dress myself to several members of the House
who, I supposed, would be most competent to give
me this information. There seems to be a differ-
