Hm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
penalties collected by or paid the justices of the
peace in the District of Columbia under the acts
of Congress approved the 3d and 5th of August,
3861, and for other purposes,"to the treasurer of
the board of metropolitan police, in whose hands
the same shall constitute a " contingent fund," to
be disbursed under the order and for such pur-
poses as the board may direct.
The jointresolution wajs reported to the Senate,
; ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BISB0RSING OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to pass
a bill to which there is no objection, relative to
the mode of doing business in the Treasury De-
partment, which has been agreed on by that De-
partment and the War Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the special order will be temporarily
laid aside for the purpose indicated by the Sena-
tor from Maine. The Cluiir hears no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee 011 Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
577) to provide for the more prompt settlement
of the accounts of disbursing officers, direct me
to report it back without amendment, and ask that
it be put on its passage at once.
The bill was considered as in the Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to require disbursing offi-
cers to render their accounts monthly, instead of
quarterly, and to forward them to the Treasury
within ten daysafter the expirationofeach month;
but the Secretary of the Treasury may extend the
time if the circumstances require it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senate to take up House
bill No. 548.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to anything being
considered out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order can only be postponed by general consent,
or else upon motion made and carried.
Mr. KING. I hope it will be done by common
• consent. I trust there will be no objection .other-
wise I shall make the motion.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 object.
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the special
order for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (II. It. No. 362) to provide for
the discharge of Slate prisoners ami others, and
lo authorize the judges of the United States to take
bail or recognizances to secure the trial of the
same.
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the special
order for the purpose of taking up the bill (H.R.
No. 548) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the steamship Coatza-
cowlcos to that of America.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is now a quarter past
three o'clock. The bill announced by the Chair
was the order of the day at twelve o'clock, but
we have consented to iis postponement first for
one thing and then for-another and then another,
until now the afternoon is far spent. Certainly,
if we are ever going to consider that bill, we must
do so now. 1 should not interpose objection to
taking up the bill of the Senator from New York
if it could be done with general acquiescence and
without a vote; but now the Senator from New
York comes in and asks a vote of the Senate to
postpone this bill. I trust it will not be done.
Mr. KING. If the Senator from Illinois had
assented to it, the bill which I now wish to call
up migbthave been passed. I am sure there will
be no objection to it when it is presented. It is
because it is so late in the session that I have
asked the Senate to take it up now. Unless it is
taken up, I shall follow my present motion with
a general motion to postpone.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York,
to postpone the special order and all prior orders,
with a view to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. CARLILE. The bill of the Senator from
New York can be passed at any moment, as he
saysit is merely a bill to change the name of some
vessel. Here is a bill providing an opportunity
for persons who may be innocent to be relieved
from confinement, and I do think the Senate has
more interest in that than they have in the change
in the name of a vessel, and I ask the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. King was not agreed to.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to inquire whether
the order for a daily recess extends to to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not.
That order applied only to Monday an4 Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I make the motion
that the Senate take a recess to-day from five to
seven o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. No. 86) regu-
lating the employment of the convicts in the pen-
itentiary of the District of Columbia, for their im-
provement and benefit.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills of
the Senate without amendment:
A bill (No. 385) to amend an act entitled " An
act in addition to the act prohibiting the slave
trade;" and
A bill (No. 394) to amend the act calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections and repel invasions, approved
February 28, 1795, and the acts amendatory
thereof, and for other purposes.
The message furtherannounced that the House of
Representatives had passed ajointresolution (No.
112) tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
James L. Lnrdner, and other officers of the Navy,
in pursuance of the recommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were signed by the President pro
tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 390) in relation to the com-
petency of witnesses in trials of equity and admi-
ralty;
A bill (H. R. No.518) transferringtbe western
eunboat fleet from the War to the Navy Depart-
ment;
A bill (H.R. No. 524) prohibiting the confine-
mentof persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted Slates in the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia except as a punishment for certain crimes
and to discharge therefrom certain convicts by sen-
tence of courts-martial, and for other purposes;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) requiring
the superintendent of the metropolitan police to
pay over certain moneys collected for fines and
penalties, to constitute a contingent fund for cer-
tain purposes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H.R. No. 112) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain James L. Lard-
ner, and other officers of the Navy, in pursuance
of the recommendation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 362) to provide for the discharge of State
prisoners and others, and to authorize the judges
of the United States courts to take bail or recog-
nizances to secure the trial of the same, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, being
the special order; the pending question being on
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] in section one, line nineteen, to
strike out the words" since the arrest of said per-
sons," and to insert" after the passage of this
act," so as to read, " and in all cases where a
grand jury having attended said courts, or either
of them having jurisdiction in the premises, after
the passage of this act, has terminated its ses-
sion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an-
other amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, in section one, line twenty-three, after the
word "of," to insert "any," and after " pris-
oner," insert "desiring a discharge;" so a3 to
read:
It shall be the duty of said judges forthwith to order the
discharge of any such prisoner desiring a discharge from
said imprisonment, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike out the
first and second sections of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was anotheramend-
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania
to the last section.
Mr. COWAN. Not to this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment is to the third section of the bill. The
question now is on the motion ofthe Senator from
Massachusetts to strike out the first and second
sections of the bill, as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. On that 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Coltamer,
Doollttle, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Kim;, Lane of Kansas, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wil mot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Cowan, Davis,
Grimes, Henderson, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, MeUou
Rail, Powell, Sauisbury,Sherman,Stark,Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—19.
So the motion to strike out the first and second
sections of the bill did not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending to the third section, moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,]
to insert at the end of the second line the words
"Congress not being in session;" in line five,
after " habeas corpus," to insert " in all cases of
political offenses;" and in line six, after the word
"thereof," to insert " until the meeting of Con-
gress thereafter;" so as to make the section read:
Thatit is and shall be lawful forthe Presidentof the Uni-
ted States whenever, (Congress not being in session,) in
his judgment, by reason of " rebellion or invasion the pub-
lic safety may require it," to suspend by proclamation the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus in all cases of polit-
ical offenses throughout the United Stales or in any part
thereof, until the meeting of Congress thereafter; and
whenever and wherever the said writ, 8tc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to offer some
amendments. Is it too late to offer an amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not quite
time. The question is upon concurring in the
amendments already made in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOWE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
concurring in those amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All of them, or some par-
ticular one?
Mr. HOWE. They all have reference to one
subject, I think.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to propound
a question: whether it i? in order now to move
that the bill and pending amendments be post-
poned until the first Monday in December?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
have made several amendments to this bill, acting
as in Committee of the Whole, the bill has been
reported to the Senate, and the first question is oil
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin demanded the yeas and nays upon those sep-
arate amendments. The first amendment will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is in
section one, line nineteen, to strike out the words
"since the arrest of said persons," and insert
" after .the passage of this act."
Mr. HOWE. I want the yeas and nays upon
the amendments to the third section only.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
now requires the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ments to the third section. The Chair will then
put the question on concurring in all the other
amendments in the aggiegate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire a separate vote
upon the question taken in committee on striking
out the first two sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can be
