2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
V /
rich or poor. They enter into the consumption of
every family. There are about 750,000 bales of
cotton manufactured in the United States, about
400,000of which are manufactured into that class
ofgoods. There is manufactured annually of that
class of goods about §74,000,000 at the present
price, but it is not near as much ordinarily.
They make of that description of goods about
440,000,000 yards annually, when the mills run.
I do not expect they make so much now, because
a great many of them have stopped. I will state"
the cost of the production in otdinary times.
These goods weigh about six ounces to the square
yard. When cotton is about twelve cents in New
Orleans, it costs, to lay it down in New England,
about fourteen cents. The waste upon that cot-
ton is about one eighth; so that to get fourteen
ounces of cloth you must use a pound of cotton.
That will cost fourteen cents. That makes it a
cent an ounce for what you put into cloth, and,
as these cloths weigh about six ounccs to the
square yard, there would be six cents'worth of
cotton 'to the yard. Then the cost of labor in
making a yard of these goods is about a cent and
a half, and the cost for starch, leather, &c.—what
we call findings—is about half a cent; so that
what the manufacturer puts in a yard of these
goods costs two cents a yard, and upon his out-
lay of two cents a yard he has got to make it
profitable.
I will take an establishment with a capital of
§1,000,000, becausc it is easy to cipher it out, and
we have go tin to largo figures. Such a mi 11 will make
ten millionsof yards a year in ordinary times, and
those ten millions of yards will bring $1,000,000,
ten cents a yard, when cotton is, as I have said,
fourteen cents a pound. I will take it to-day, or
last week. Cotton has risen a couple of cents,
and I will not take it at its price to-day. Last
week cotton was twenty-eight cents a pound, two
cents an ounce. It is double the case I have just
put. That would be twelve cents a yard for
cotton. Then the cost of labor and findings is
just the same as it was before, two cents, making
the cost m cash fourteen cents. In order to sell
these goods and have a net result that will leave
the manufacturer a cent and a quarter a yard,
which is about the ordinary profit, or a cent and
a fifth, perhaps, he must sell these goods at sev-
enteen cents a yard in the market, lie sells them
by his agent, and gives him a salary or pays him
two and ahalf percent, commission, without any
securities. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] told you yesterday or the day before,
in leference to those cotton goods, how they were
sold. They arc sold to go to China and South
America, on a year's credit; but I reckon about
two months to sell them and about eight months
credit is the average credit given. After having
paid two and a half per cent, for sales or hire of
an agent, you will have to deduct about nine per
cent, for interest, guarantee, commission, ex-
penses of sales, insurance, freights, &c.; so that
if they brought in market seventeen cents, they
would net, as we call it, that is, after taking the
first commission, about fifteen and three quar-
ters or sixteen and two thirds cents; and then
when you take off these charges, leaving it at
about fifteen and one fifth cents. The tax that
would be imposed upon the sixteen and two thirds
cents, three per cent., is just half a cent a yard.
Now 1 will state these dividends. You will see
that that tax is twenty-five per cent, on all that
the manufacturer puts on to the goods. It is a
half cent on the two cents that he puts op. I will
show you the result that would make upon the
annual returns of such an establishment. This
mill, as I have said, would make about #120,000
ordinarily, a cent and a fifth a yard; $1125,000 if
they got a cent and a quarter. A mill of that
kind with a capital of §1,000,000, generally invest
about two thirds of it in buiklingsand machinery,
and keep one third in money to carry on the bus-
iness. They put about $266,000 in buildings,
fixtures, and water wheels, and about §400,000 in
machinery. The wear and tear of the buildings
and the costs of keeping them in repair, they al-
ways reckon at two per cent. That would be
$5,000 and a little over on the buildings; 1 will
not calculate anything but thousands. Then the
insurance on the property, buildings, and ma-
chinery would average one and ahalf per cent; that
is $10,000. Then the wear of the machinery is or-
dinarily reckoned at ten percentjbutl think it is
over stated. I think eight per cent, will covcr the
wear and deterioration of machinery. That would
make $32,000 on the cost of the machinery. The
amount, therefore, actually paid out in wear and
tear, insurance, and in the deterioration of ma-
chinery would amount to $47,000 or a little over.
Then this income of $120,000, a cent and a fifth
a yard on the goods, would be brought down to
about $73,000. That would give them seven and
three tenths per cent, dividends; which I daresay
is about the average of the dividends of these
establishments. They divide from six to eight
per cent. Suppose you tax them three per cent.
I have shown you that that woyld be half a cent
a yard, and that is just $50,000. You would leave
them §23,000 to divide on a million.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend, who is perfectly familarwith tl)issubject,
a question. Does he not think the manufacturer
will find some way of adding this half cent a yard?
Mr. SIMMONS. I am coming to that. Iam
going to show that it is indispensable he should.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, we expect to pay
it. I have no doubt every housewife in the West
who uses cotton cloth will be glad to pay it.
Mr. SIMMONS. You need not interrupt me
upon that point. I shall get along as near as it
will be comfortable to you before I get through.
[Laughter.] That necessitates the placing of this
half cent on the consumer, does it not? Who
consumes it? Is it the wealthy? In but a very
small degree. You put your entire tax upon the
laboring classes of the country instead of laying
it, as I have done,on the unwieldy profits of these
traders in liquor. Is there no difference in that?
That is just what I complain of this bill, that its
intention is to tax the poor, to save the taxes of
the rich. You avoid taxing them and mean to get
it out of the consumer. You cannot escape it.
You admit you intend to do it. I say, as 1 have
said before, that as much a tariff man and protec-
tionist as I am, if I believed the impost duties
came out of the consumption of this country, 1
would never vote for a tariff in the world. 1 never
would conscnt that honest labor should pay three
fourths of the revenue to support this Govern-
ment for the sake of shielding the rich—never;
nor will I ever conscnt to vote for such a scheme
as this, which is the same thing, only worse, for
it puts the whole burden on them.
Now, sir, I will tell you why we vote for tariffs;
why the Senator from Ohio always votes for
tanlfs. It is not because the tax is put upon con-
sumption by any means. He votes for a tariff
imposing duties on imports, because he sees that
a very great proportion of that tax is paid by the
foreign producer. He will admit that. If it was
not paid by the foreign producers, why is it that
when we have a tariff bill up here that the whole
of these seats are lined with foreign diplomats,
pulling you here and there, telling you, " Do not
tax me," " Do not tax me," invariably. I be-
lieve I have told the story about Bulwcr, I believe
it was, who was minister here at the time of Gen-
eral Taylor's administration. There was a prop-
osition m Congiess to tax iron, and this foreign
minister wrote a note to the„ Secretaiy of Statu,
I believe, that her Majesty's Government would
look with serious concern to see the duties raised
upon iron. What concern had he about it, if
they did not pay it? It is the rule, it is known
everywhere, when you put an impost on import-
ations it is paid in a large proportion—I do not
say how much; more in some cases than others
—by the foreign producer; and that is the reason
we put it on. Another consideration is, that
although some part of it comes out of the con-
sumers, it has a resulting benefit in stimulating
the wages of labor, and they arc more than remun-
erated for what they pay in the higher price they
obtain for their labor. These are the two consid-
erations that induce us ail, and have induced this
country for the last three quarters of a century,
to resort to that source of revenue instead of direct
taxes or internal taxes.
Now, I desire to compliment the Senator from
Ohio for his influence over me; fori think as great
a man as he is, considering that I have lived longer
in the world than he has, he ought to take some
credit for having influenced me. I had a scheme,
as he called it. I do not call ita scheme; but that
does not hurt it. I do not care what you call my
plans or propositions—schemes, or tricks if you
please. I had a plan to put a very light tax upon
productions; but he told me thatit had never been
resorted to, to his knowledge, in any other coun-
try in the world, and therefore 
Mr. SHERMAN. Except Spain.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I do not care for Spain
much, though it is a very good nation. We do
not look there for illustrious examples, although
we might have done it. I think they are.improv-
ing very much of late. They have the good sense
to return from one of their farmer colonies with-
out trying to crush out their Government as some-
body else is trying to do.
I was about to say he suggested that difficulty
in that portion of my plan. Whenever any man
of sense suggests to me a difficulty of that sort, I
go home and think about it. 1 do not stop to argue
with him, and get my mind thoroughly wedded to
my schemes. I go home and thfnk about the sug-
gestion. I did so then, and upon reflection, I con-
cluded to abandon it. Now he has got a scheme,
and he is one of the men that supports this scheme.
I suggest the same course to him that I took. I
challenge him to find a nation in the known world
that has ever resorted to taxing its industry, as is
contemplated in this bill, that has not now alto-
getherabandoned it. Every nation in the civilized
world adopts just such apian as T proposed to-
day to the Senate. England does it. She has taken
the last item out of the tax upon her manufac-
turers that existed two years ago. I have hunted
over the book that the Senator was reading from,
and 1 find that he was a little mistaken m another
thing. He spoke of the duty on whisky as on an
average about three shillings and seven pence. I
cannot find any liquor tax less than eight shillings.
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty on some liquor
is one shilling and eight pence.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is nothing. I get
$46,000,000 out of this eight shilling tax; and I only
propose to put two shillings sterling on it. That
is the way they get their revenue. Every vestige
of that resort to the industry of the nation has been
abandoned as useless and worthless. 1 ask him
to come back and follow in the footsteps of those
who have been for centuries seeking for means to
replenish their treasury by these internal taxes.
They tax precise the items that I put in my prop-
osition. He cannot find a nation in the known
world that ever tried the plan of this bill but what
has abandoned it. They collect vast sums of
money. Before I would resort to the plan that has
come up here in the Senate, I would increase the
tax on whisky to a dollar a gallon; and that would
not be half as much as England imposes on it. If
we put on it what England has put on it, we could
raise more revenue than she raises to-day, without
resorting to another item. Such a tax could give
us more than $400,000,000 a year. With such a
tax we could wipe out this debt in four years, and
not tax an article as high as it is taxed in England,
and not touch hardly the parings of the nail of a
man that is working with his hands. Even with
that tax, the people engaged in the whisky busi-
ness would get more profit than you or I could in
manufacturing or in raising corn. It would leave
them three times the profit Jhatany ordinary pur-
suit would give, and we could raise more than
$400,000,000 a year.
I say this in all kindness. I know that when
I am talking here, people will think I am oppos-
ing some of their plans. I am not opposing them.
I say I will resort to the plan of this bill if noth-
ing else will save the creditof the country and the
Government; for if it is in my power to prevent
it, I do not intend to let the credit of the Govern-
ment suffer. I am too good a teamster to let the
wagon stop, if I can get it along by whipping the
free horses. I would whip the free horses before
I would let the wagon stop. But I would let them
draw pretty even along until I came to a hard
place before I would do that.
Now, I desire to say something about the dis-
tribution of the tax I propose, for I mean to try
to satisfy my western friends that when I go for
this tax it is not to injure them. I believe this
income tax will give a pretty fair indication of
where the general taxes that I propose will fall,
and in what sections of the country; for the wealth
of a country as of individuals is al ways found m
the old hives, just like the honey of bees. The
new ones it takes a considerable while to fill up.
You do not get any combs the first year or two.
I have apportioned this income tax, and tried to
ascertain the amount that will accrue from it
