442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ence upon this point, and in order to determine
the matter, and prevent any question from arising
hereafter as to the rights of these officers, or as to
the pledge of this House to give them the com-
pensation prescribed by this act, I have proposed
the amendment which I have read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $240,430,
Mr. HUTCHINS moved to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of this stnn shall be-paid until the
commencement of the next regular session of this House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The object of that proviso
is to settle the construction which this House has
already settled—that Senators are not entitled to
mileage at this session, having received it at the
extra session.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is apprehended that the
effect of the amendment will not be such as the
gentleman fiom Ohio anticipates; for if the gen-
eral understanding is correct, the mileage has
already been drawn.
But it is not for that purpose that I desire to oc-
cupy the attention of the House for a moment.
The bill (No. 142) which has boon reported by the
Senate, and which has also been reported to the
House, provides not only for a general reduction
of salaries, and for the discontinuance of certain
offices, bat also makes certain reductions in the
compensation of members of the House and of the
Senate. Among other reductions is a reduction of
the mileage from forty cents to ten cents per mile.
I desire to inquire of the chaiiman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whether, in fact, the
bill which lie has reported, and which is now un-
der consideration, so far as legislative expenses
are concerned, is based upon the estimates which
have been furnished to the committee, and corre-
sponds generally with the appropriations made
for the last session of the last Congress; or has the
committee taken into consideration the reductions
proposed by the joint commission of the last ses-
sion ?
Mr. STEVENS. I answer the gentleman that
the bill is founded generally, with some little ex-
ceptions, on the estimates furnished by the De-
partments*
Mr. HOLMAN. And corresponding with the
appropriations made for the same purposes at the
last regular session of Congiess?
Mr. STEVENS. Substantially.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is the intention of the
House to-adoptd geneial system of retrenchment
and reform such as that proposed by the commis-
sion, thi8* bill ought not to pass in its present form.
I notice, for inxi.nice, that by the bill reported by
the joint commission the pay of the Clerk is re-
duced from GOO to $3,000 a year, and a corre-
sponding ledueiion is made in the whole list of
officers of the House. Now, it is eeitainly not
desirable to make appropriations that will exceed
the salaries Iieieafter to be tixed, and 1 submit
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether it is not better, inasmuch as
there) m no nceessiiy far the immediate passage
of tins bill, thai its consideration should be post-
poned until the House shall have d< Let mined what
action they will take upon the report of the joint
commission. I had proposed, indeed, to move
that tlu> committee rise and report the bill to the
House, with the lecomm'-ndatiou that H be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and M"ans
with instructions to amend the bill so as to make
the compensation of officers in the legislative de-
partment conespoml with that proposed in bill
No. 143.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to add a single word.
As the law new stands, we were bound to make
the appropriations provided for in this bill. The
bill to which the gentleman fiom Indiana refers
is not the law of (he land. If it were, of course
we should conform to it. It is for the House to
soy whether the consideration of this bill shall be
postponed until that bill shall have been acted on.
But if that bill sh.ill become a law, the Senate can
modify this bill accordingly. As the law now
stands, we can do nothing eke but vote these
appi oj>i unions.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any necessity for
the present passage of this bill Why should it
not be postponed until (he House shall have de-
termined what policy shall be adopted with refer-
ence to the reduction of salaries?
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount §10,000.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. It is an amendment to the
clause itself. I make the motion merely for the
purpose of submitting some remarks in relation to
the proviso proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky is not germane to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and is
therefore out of order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio changes an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio only provides the inanner in which this
money shall be paid. It does not change the exist-
ing Jaw.
Mr, MALLORY. I move to amend the proviso
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio by substi-
tuting "the end" for "the commencement" of
the next session of Congress. I make that motion
merely for the purpose of inquiring of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether it is his purpose, by the
proviso which he proposes, to deprive members
of Congress of their compensation and mileage
from this time until the beginning of the next ses-
sion ofCongress, or whether he intends his proviso
to apply to mileage alone?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I intended it to apply to
mileage alone.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman has not so
drawn his amendment, and I suggest to him that
he modify it so as to meet the case. I now with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I modify my amendment
so as to make it apply to the mileage of Senators
alone.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
of Older that by the joint resolution of December
23, 1857, the mileage of Members and Senators is
peremptorily ordered to be paid at the second or
any subsequent session, and that this amendment
does change an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the amendment is
in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon whatground ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not change the ex-
isting law, but simply provides that this money
shall be paid at a particular time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The point I make
is, that the time when this money shall be paid is
already fixed by an existing law. Will the Chair
consider the point of order for a moment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to the
decision already made. If the gentleman desires
to take an appeal he can do so.
Mr. ALDRICH. Would it be in order to ask
that the joint resolution of 1857 be read^ so that
the House may judge whether the question of
order is well taken or not?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman appeals
from the derision of the Chair, it can be read."
Mr. ALDRICH. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and I ask that the joint res-
olution of 1857 be load for the information of the
committee.
The Cleik read from Barclay's Digest, as fol-
lows:
"•Itepie^entaUves shall receive a compensation for their
soiviccs to ho iiaccrtmnod by law, and paid om of the Treas-
uij of the United State-.,
t£lJy the act or' August 16, 1856, it is provided that cthe
compim-ation of each Representative and Delegate m Con-
be .$6,000 lor oauli Con^re*-:*. ami mileage, as now
piovided by Jaw. foi two sessions only;' and • the Speaker
of the Ilou-e of Kepie^entatives shall leeeive double ihe
compensation above piovided tor Itepiesentative^.'
'•And by the joint ic-njntion of Deeeinbei 23. 1857. that
said compensation shall be paid in the following manner,
to wit. -on the liist day of the tiist session of each Oon-
gies*, or «oijii thercaitei as be may be in attendance and
apply, each Eepiescntative and Delegate shall icceivc his
mileage a^ now provided In law. and'.dl Ins compensation
l'rom the beginning of his term (March 4) to be computed
'I at the rate of per month, and during {lie session eom-
J. pen^ation at the ^ame tate. And on the tiist day of the sec-
ij oiid. or any suii-equent ^e-sion, he -hall leeeive Ins mile-
!j age anow ullow< d by I,nv, and all the compensation that
ii ha«< aeeined during the adinurnmonf, at the rate, afoiesaid,
ij and dating the said session compensation at the same
i 1 latu.' "
Mr. ALDRICH. I now withdraw the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And the Secretary or the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay tiie mileage of members of the Senate aud House of
Repiesentatives for the present session.
Mr. Chairman, I do not want to discuss this
matter, but I do not wantSenators to receive their
mileage unless the same privilege is extended to
members of the House. I want the same con-
struction of the law to apply to the two bodies. I
am told that the Senators have a way of getting at
this thing by drawing the money out of their con-
tingent fund, while the pay and mileage of mem-
bers of the House comes directly from the Treas-
ury. I do not think the House will be properly
regarding its own dignityif we permit one rule of
construction in regard to the pay of Senators, and
another in regard to the pay of Members of the
House. We are as much entitled to compensation
for our services as are gentlemen at the other end
of the Capitol. I hope, therefore, that my amend-
ment to the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that if the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] prevails, it
may well have the effect to give to Senators three
mileages for this Congress, and to members of the
House only two. I understand—1 know the fact
only by rumor and by statements in the public
prints—that Senators (many of them, if not all of
them) have already received, under the resolution
of 1857, to which attention has been called, mile-
age for this session; they have it in their pockets;
and I believe it is not proposed by this amend-
ment to subtract it in any way. Now, the amend-
ment is by implication, I am inclined to think—I
have not seen it—that mileage shall be paid at the
commencement of the next session to members of
Congress—meaning thereby to each member of
Congress, because it applies to members of both
Houses. Now, if the effect shall be not only to
change an existing law—as I have no doubt-my-
self the effect will be, notwithstanding the decision
of the Chair—and if, by this kind of legislation,
wc give to each Senator three mileages, and to
ourselves only two, and in addition to that post-
pone the payment of our second mileage to a future
day, we will be in the condition of that celebrated
engineer who was
" Hoist by his own petard."
Mr. WRIGHT. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose of enabling the committee to vote
on the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. EDWARDS. I propose to amend the
amendment by postponing the payment of the
mileage-till the first session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress. It will be obvious to the committee
that I only offer this proposition for the purpose
of submitting some remarks. I know, Mr. Chair-
man, that tins is a delicate question. I know it
is felt so by every mcmbei of the House. I know
that, under some influence or other, we hardly
dare to express our honest convictions in regard
to this question of mileage. Is it because wc stand
in awe of the newspaper press of the country? Is
it because we are not willing to maintain the just
rightsof the members of this body and of the other
branch of Congress on a question which might
seem to be unpopular? is that the reason ? If not,
why has not this question", which has been before
Congress and before the country for the whole
session, been met faiily in the face and decided?
It is true, a resolution was introduced by a mem-
ber of this House declaring that we were entitled
to mileage for the present session of Congress; but
no man raised his voice to discuss that resolution
one way or the other, and it was defeated without
anything but a silent vote. Now, sir, I stand here
willing to avow before the press and before the
country that if members of Congress are entitled,
under the existing law, to receive'mileage for the
present session of Congress, Congress would be
faise to itself, and craven, if it did not take that
ground. If members are not entitled to it under
the existing law, then I, for one, do not want it,
would not take it, and would not aid anybody els e
to receive it. If they are entitled, then I am ready
to stand up here and vote any resolution or bill
declaratory of that fact.
