1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mb
The Senate have decided this question for them-
selves. If they have not done so by any direct
legislation, they have done so, virtually, by ac-
cepting the mileage for the present session, unless
I am misinformed. I noticed among the proceed-
ings of the Senate a day or two since that in a
biil in relation to receiving compensation and
mileage at the present session, it was moved to
strike out the mileage, on the ground that mileage
had already been received. This is a practical
construction, by one branch of Congress, of the
law on that subject, for it is not to be presumed
that any Senator would consent to receive so im-
portant a part of his compensation unless, in his
belief, it was warranted by law. It now remains
for the House to place its construction upon the
law on tins subject, and I desire that it meet the
question directly, and not by any proviso or eva-
sive motions.
With regard to the question what are the rights
of members o£ Congress in relation to this subject
by the existing law, fairly and correctly interpret-
ed,! beg leave to say that it would notbecontended
by the law of August 16, 1856, a second mileage
could be received at this session, although mileage
would be payable at this session by the terms ot
that law, this being the first regular session; and
the mistake would have been in having received
it at the extra session. And if that law had not
been modified by a subsequent resolution, the
payment of mileage at the extra session would
properly have been brought forward and made to
satisfy any claim of mileage for the present session.
But it should be understood that that law has been
materially modified by the resolution of December
23, 1857. Ithas been modified both as to the time
of payment of compensation and of mileage. Let
me refer members to a careful examination of the
resolution. The modifications, which in my judg-
ment it clearly makes, afe first in relation to com-
pensation. That instead of its being payable
monthly during the session, and at the close of
the session, all which had accrued prior to its com-
mencement, it made all payable at the beginning
of a session which had accrued to that time, and
then monthly while the session should continue.
And in relation to mileage, instead of its being
payable at the first and second regular sessions,
it makes it payable at the first and second or any
subsequent session of any Congress.
If this is the plain reading of the resolution, it
clearly changes the time of payment both of com-
pensation and mileage. Both the modifications
are distinct and clear. By what rule of interpre-
tation, then,shall we regard one provision as op-
erative and the other as nugatory? If the latter
means nothing, and changes nothing, why was it
incorporated in the resolution at all? Both pro-
visions then being in the resolution, in my judg-
ment they are of equal force as to the subject-
matter to which they respectively relate.
Now, sir, I have not raised the question whether
the resolution gives mileage at any greater num-
ber of sessions than the original law; I leave that
to others. But I do not hesitate to express my
humble opinion that if it gives it for no more, it
gives it at both the first and second sessions of
any Congress to any member who chooses so to
receive it.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that there can be no doubt as to what the
law on the subject of mileage is. It is that but
two mileages shall be received for one Congress,
and that it shall be received, if members choose,
on the first day of each regular session of Con-
gress. The act says that " on the first day of each
regular session, each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate shall receive his mileage for one session."
He is not entitled to receive it for any other
session.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like my colleague
to read the amendment to that law subsequently
passed.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment is precisely
the same, only fixing the mode of paying it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think not. I should thank
my colleague to read it.
Mr. STEVENS, (reading:)
" And at the beg.mung of the second session of Congress
each Senatoi,K«pic.-entative,and Delegate shall receive,*'
&c.
Mr. EDWARDS. Does the gentleman read
from the joint resolution subsequently passed?
Mr. STEVENS. I have already read from tha
original law. The subsequent joint resolution
says:
" And on the first day of the second or any subsequent
session, sliall receive his mileage as now allowed by law."
Several Members. Exactly. Not " regular"
session.
Mr. STEVENS. By law they were allowed to
receive it on the first day of the regular session.
My friends all received their mileage on the first
day of the extra session. [Voices. That was not
a "regular55 session.] Suppose they receive it
now again, and that before the next regular ses-
sion any of them should die or resign, and his
successor be elected, is that successor to g<H mile-
age next December? If so, then the member will
have gotten two mileages and his successor one,
making three mileages paid m the one Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I propose ap'o/omaamend-
rnent. I think I know something, Mr. Chairman,
of this legislation, having taken some part in it.
I have a distinct recollection as to what the House
of Representatives intended at that time to enact,
both by the original bill and by the amendment.
It was clearly its intention, in the original act,
that there should be but two mileages paid, and
that those mileages should be paid at the begin-
ning of each regular session of Congress. Under
that law difficulties arose with the Sergeant-at-
Arnis, which led to the introduction of the amend-
atory joint resolution. I think I am not mistaken
when I state thatit was the intention of the House
of Representatives at that time to provide that, in
case of extra sessions, mileage should be drawn
as the members might desire. I do not undertake
to say that it was the intention of the House that
three mileages should be paid. I know it was not.
But it was the intention of the House that mem-
bers might elect at what time they should receive
their mileage. I believe that to be the meaning of
the law; so that where a special session of Con-
gress is called by the President, the member may
receive his mileage, and may also rcceive his sec-
ond mileage on the first day of the next regular
session. 1 think that my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] cannot fail to have perceived that there is a
material difference in the language as used in the
original actand as used in the supplementary act.
The original bill uses the phrase " on the first day
of the regular session." This word "regular*'
is a very important word in the enactment. It is
omitted in the supplementary act, which says the
member shall receive mileage at the second or any
subsequent session. He may take it, therefore,
at the second session of Congress, which is a reg-
ular session, or he may take it at a special or ex-
traordinary session. I therefore say that if it be
the will of the House to take their second mileage
at this time, they have the right to do so—I care
not what the decision of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
Secretary of the Treasury, or Attorney General
may be. If the law be deficient in not providing
for a case of resignation or death, we are not now
to answer for that. That is not to deprive us of
our rights under the law. If I receive my second
mileage now and resign my seat before the next
session, my successor would be, in my opinion, j
entitled to rcceive his mileage. That has always j
been the case; and I do not think that that fact .
ought to determine our votes, because we very '
frequently give double mileage and double pay.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing as a substitute for the original amendment:
That the second mileage due by 1-vw shall he paid at the j
present session, as soon as citified by the Presiding Olfieers
of the Senate and House: Provided further, That the fore- ;
going proviso shall not be construed to give any more mile- 1
age than is allowed by existing law? !
The subject has already been discussed, and I j
do not propose to discuss it. ;
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I did not j
intend to argue before this committee that mem- ;
bcrs were entitled to three mileages. 1 only meant
to contend that on a fair construction of the ex- j
planatory joint resolution, members had a right i
to draw their mileage at the first and second ses- ;
sions if they chose. The question whether they J
would be entitled to mileage at a third, fourth, or ;
fifth session would be still remaining. It seems j
evident to me that by the terms of the joint reso- ;
lution it is optional with members whether they i
take their mileage at the first or second session, ,
leaving the question whether they would be enti- ;
tied to further mileage to be afterwards decided, i
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio is not in order, on the ground that it
changes the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order comes too late. He has received"the
amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was carried in the affifin-
ative.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. '
The amendment asamended was then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the proviso by adding:
That no part of this amount shall be paid uuless approved
by the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, upon this amendment I desire
to say a few words. Like the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] 1 was here also
when this original resolution was offered, and
know something of the circumstances which in-
duced the House to vote for it. I desire, therefore,
to say something in relation to this subject while
it is before the committee. It was introduced by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Taylor.]
It was a hasty prepared and crude resolution, not
carefully drawn and guarded as everybody can
see by the mere reading of it. When it was in-
troduced into the House, it was hurried through,
the yeas and nays having been refused upon its
passage, and upon it in every one of its stages,
although demanded in various parts of the Hall.
It was introduced and pressed on the House un-
der the pretense that it only gave to representa-
tives and Senators their pay at the commencement
of a session, instead of the close; and it was-upon
that pretense that the House was induced to vote
for it.
It went to the Senate, and was discussed there
upon the same identical construction. Every
Senator who debated it gave it that construction,
and that alone. With the permission of the com-
mittee, I will read a single paragraph from the
remarks of Mr. Iverson upon the resolution when
it was under consideration in the Senate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. This amendment is a limitation upon
the existing law, in providing another officer to
adjudicate upon the pay of Senators and Repre-
sentatives, and is not therefore in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that it
is now too late to raise that question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
law upon the subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"And all certificates which may have been, Qr may be,
granted by the Pieslding Officers o^ the Senate and Uouse
of Uepicsentatives, respectively, ot the amount duo to the
members of their several House*!, are, and ought to be,
deemed, held, and taken, and are hereby declared to be
conclusive upon all the departments of the Government of
the United States."
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont provides a different offi-
cer than that named in the law for adjudicating
those payments, and is not a limitation upon the
appropriation within the meaning of the rule, the
Chair sustains the question of order, and decides
the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that the
amendment having been received by the Chair,
and remarks having been submitted upon it, it is
now too late to raise the question upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
too late.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the motion for a*moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it is time for the House-
to adjourn, but if the gentleman has anything that
he wishes specially to submit at this time I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether further amendment to the
clause under consideration is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The clause is still subject
to amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING: I move still further,
then, to amend by adding, as follows:
But no Senator hliall be entitled to receive more than two
milf ages toi attendance; on the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
1 will say in answer to the suggestion of a gen-
