1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
appointment ofTheodoreD. Woolsey, of Connec-
ticut, a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in
place of Cornelius C. Felton, deceased.
EEBEL BARBARITIES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, and ask
that it be considered now:
Resolved, That the select committee on the conduct of
the war be directed to collect evidence with regard to tlie
barbarous treatment by the rebels at Manassas of the re-
mains of officers and soldiers of the United StatP* killed m
battle there, and to report the same to the Senate, with
power to send toi persons and papers.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. We have all been shocked
during the last few days by the evidence that has
accumulated with regard to the treatment of our
dead at Manassas. Instead of those honorable
rites which generous soldiers in all ages have
bestowed upon enemies fallen in battle, we have
been disgusted by barbarities which remind us of
savage life. Bodies have been dug up and human
bones have been carried off as trophies. The skull
of a gallant Massachusetts soldier lias been con-
verted into the dnnking-cup of a Geoigia colonel,
that he may, far away among his slaves, renew
those barbarous proceedings which, in another
age, have gone under the name of" The Feast of
Skulls." It is obvious, sir, that we are now in
conflict with beings who belong to a different plane
of civilization from ourselves, and it is important
that this unquestionable fact should be made
known to the country and to the world. All fa-
miliar with recent events will remember the effect
with which that great minister, Cavour, when on
the eve of the war of Italian liberation, put fuith
his circular setting forth the outrages of the Aus-
tiian soldiers to the Italian inhabitants. Through
that appeal, sir, he secured the general sympathy
of Europe and of the civilized world. Our cause
needs no such document; but I am anxious, nev-
ertheless, for the sake of history, that the record
should be made. Let it be made, too, also, that
the country and mankind may see that slavery m
all its influences is barbarous—barbarous in peace,
barbarous m war, barbarous always, and nothing
but barbarism.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. [ desire that the resolution
may be again read. I think there are other sub-
jects which the committee ought to inquire into as
well as the atrocities which are referred to in the
resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I move to
amend the resolution by adding to it a clause re-
quiring the same committee to inquire into the
question of fact whether the insurgents have em-
ployed the savages for the purpose of prosecuting
their unholy war against the United States, and
to report to the Senate the facts which may be
obtained upon that very important inquiry. It is
a matter of perfect notoriety, if we are to believe
the public journals of the day, that the rebels have
not only committed the atrocities to which the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts 1ms so
graphically and eloquently referred, but that they
are in the habit, and have been in the habit si nee
the commencement of the insurrection, of employ-
ing and arming against the Union people on the
frontier the murderous savage, and placing in his
hands not only the tomahawk and the sealping-
kmfe, but other arms; and that there are numerous
instances of the grossest, the most inhuman atro-
cities having been committed by these armed sav-
ages, most, if not all, of whom are merely pen-
sioners upon the Government of the United States.
I refer particulaily to the newspaper accounts
which we have received of the terrible scenes that
existed at the battle of Pea Ridge, in which nu-
merous savages are reported to have been em-
ployed upon that bloody field against the Union
troops. And I desire to say here in my place, us
an American Scnatorand asafriend of honorable,
civilized war waged in a just and holy cause, that
if I had the command of a body of men in a hos-
tile territory, I would never make prisonei of a
man, officer, or private who was found upon that
field fighting side by side with an Indian. I would
give lnm the same treatment which General Har-
rison proposed to administerto British soldiers m
Canada who should be found lighting side by side
with Indians. I desire that this amendment may
be made, and I especially desire that the attention
of the committee may be given to the subject, and
that we may have whatever facts exist upon this
subject also.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan will prepare his amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend from Michi-
gan will allow me to suggest that perhaps it would
be better to introduce his inquiry in the form of a
separate resolution. Mine is specific in its char-
acter, relating to incidents which, it is said, have
occurred in our own neighborhood, and I would
suggest that it be allowed to stand by itself. An-
other inquiry like that suggested by the Senator
may properly be made the subject of another res-
olution.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is not agreeable to my
friend from Massachusetts, I will not insist upon
my amendment; but I desired to say thus much at
least on the subject of these Indian atrocities.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 should
like to hear the resolution read, and I shouldlike
also to hear the amendment.
The Secretary again read the resolution, and
also the amendment of Mr. Howard, which is as
follows:
And that the said select committee also inquire into the
faet whether Indian savages have been employed by the
lebeN m their military ?eivice against the Government of
the United States, and to report the same to the Senate,
with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
amend ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I think I shall insist on my
amendment. I do not sec any incompatibility in
it to the resolution.
Air. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
that that amendment should be a little modified
in this: that the committee should not only inquire
whether the savages have been employed, but
how their savage warfare has been conducted.
Mr. HOWARD. I accept that as an amend-
ment to my amendment. I certainly think it is
due to the age in which we live and the nation to
which we belong that history should record these
reported continual violations of the principles of
honorable war.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan accepts the modification of his
amendment suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont; and the question now is on agreeing to the
amendment, as modified, to the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
REGENT OJT SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
^MKTHXON. Yesterday, I think, during my
absence from my scat, or when my attention was
not directed toil, the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] called tip a joint resolution appoint-
ing President Woolsey, of Yale College, a regent
of the Smithsonian Institution. I had previously
offered a resolution for the appointment of Mr.
Barnard, of Connecticut. Mr. Barnard had re-
quested me to withdraw his name. I ought to
have done it, and should have done it yesterday
in justice to him, if I had been present when that
joint resolution was passed. I ask the consent of
the Senate to allow the reading of a letter from
Mr. Barnard, in which he requests that his name
may be withdrawn, and Mr. Woolsey be ap-
pointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, the letter will be read at the request
of the Senator from Connecticut.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
W\«hington. March '27, 18fv3.
My Ok ir Sir . I thank ju  lor the kind m;mnei m which
} on was piea^'d to ]i) e^ent my name to itie ??( nate in noui-
inaJmn lot the po-t of reg"nt of the Smithsonian Tn-titu-
Uon. I -''e In the papois that tlie name of' Pie^ident Wool-
tev. of Yale College, ha*- been pifc"-i>nt<'d to tie"1 Hon*'' (or
the t-ainc vacancy. As an •• oldei and a bettci soldier-'1 In
the cau-e of good I'-aining, Or. Woohcy should leceive
th.it appointment In tin vote of eveiv friend of my nom-
ination ; and 1 be<r. Ihotefoie, you will, in your own tune
and vnij. withdraw my name and give your vote and in-
fluence heatuiy toi his appointment.
Veiy tiuh youi'!, HENRY BARNABD.
Hon, Jamls. Dixon.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to say that
the gentleman is mistaken 111 one idea. I know
he was present wiien this resolution was called up. i
He was sitting ill his seat.
Mr. DIXON. I presume I was; but my atten-
tion was not called to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator might not
have heard it; but he was present.
Mr. DIXON, I was not aware of its beings
called up. ^   — "CO -
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JiTIfSSTON.
Mr. WADE. I move to discharge the .Com-
mittee on Private Laud Claims from the farther
consideration of House bill No. 265, and I shall
then move that the Senate take up the bill for con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Committee on Private
Land Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. No.265) to authorize
the Court of Claims of the United States to hear
and determine the claim of the heirs of Stephen
Johnston, deceased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
explanation. Has there been a report from the
committee ?
Mr. WADE. The committee assent to this
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question,
and declared that the motion to discharge the com-
mittee was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
was addressing the Chair. £ desired to have an
explanation of the motion.
Mr. WADE. I was going to say in support of
the motion, that I believe the Committee on Private
Land Claims did not contemplate a formal meet-
ing of the committee to consider the bill. Tbeir
chairman [Mr. Harris] had thoroughly consid-
ered it and said it was all right. He so told me,,
and that he was ready to report it at any time. The
other members of the committee, with the excep-
tion, 1 believe, of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Foster,] who had not an opportunity to
examine it, were willing that this motion should
be made. I think they did not intend to go into a
formal meeting for the purpose of considering it,
but, each one satisfying himself that the bill was
right, they intended to report it. The chairman
ofthatcommittcc has gone away,and I understand
will not be here for some time. Believing thebill
to be entirely right, that no reasonable objection
can be made to it, and it not being a very great
matter for consideration, I was anxious to dispose
of it now, for the reason that this claim, in one shape
or another, has passed both branches of Congress
quite a number of times, and the equity and justice
of it have been repeatedly assented to by both
branches. Believing that it would be some time
before that committee would assemble so as to
make a formal report, after consulting the members
of the committee who are present, and they were
willing I should do so, I have made this motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sena-
tor from Maine insist on a division on the motion to
discharge the Committee on Private Land Claims
from the further consideration of this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I merely wanted
to hear an explanation of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the mo-
tion is carried.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state, by way of
explanation, that I have been on this Committee
on Private Land Claims myself, and I know very
many bad claims are presented there. I know that
heretofore a great many fraudulent claims have
got through, and I am therefore desirous that every
one should be examined. The Senator from Ohio
says this is all right, and of course I shall not
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio further moves that the Senate now pro-
coed to the consideration of this bill.
i The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
i in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 265) to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and determine
the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston, de-
! ceased. As by an act of Congress passed on the
1 20th of July, 1840, for the relief of the children of
I Stephen Johnston, deceased, they were authorized
! to surrender to the United States certain lands,
i and to receive in lieu thereof a certificate 44 receiv-
i able in payment at any land office of the United
| States for any half section of land not subject to
! preemption;" and as those heirs, in pursuance of
|! the provisions of that act, did, on the 2d day of
!j February, 1841, surrender the land, and did re-
;! ceive a certificate, and did thereafter twice make
