444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
tlcman near me, that the reason why I did not
include Representatives in the motion is that I
discover that the bill further on contains another
appropriation for the compensation and mileage
of members of the House of Representatives.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order. It is evidently inde-
pendent legislation, and not in order under the
rule.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me for a moment, I desire to asK a question
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I wish to ask him whether it is impor-
tant that this bill should be pressed to its passage
now or soon? I will say that the reason why
I ask the question is, that there is a commission
in existence, raised under the legislation of the
last session of Congress, composed of members
of the Senate and House of Representatives, and
of officers of the Army and Navy, for the express
purpose of taking into consideration the propriety
of reducing salaries. They have reported bills
affecting the mileage of Senators and Members,
reducing the compensation of most of the officers
of the legislative branch of the Government, and
in some cases dispensing with the officers them-
selves. It seems to me that unless there is some
pressing necessity for immediate action upon this
bill, it will be better to postpone it until the two
Houses shall have acted upon the measures re-
ported by that commission.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that there is no
question before the committee upon which this
debate con proceed, except by general consent.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will then offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I prefer to insist on my mo-
tion, that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 208) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862; and had come to no resolution thereon.
EULOGIES ON COLONEL BAKER.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, and, under the law, referred to the Joint
Committee on Printing:
Resolved^ ThatU-n thousand ovtni copies of the eulogies
delivered on the oec^ion of the announcement ot the death
of Hon. Edward I), ifaker, a tscnatoi from Oiegon, be
printed for tin' n-u1 of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 23, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with the provisions of
the Army uppioprMtion act, approved March 2,
1861, a statement of the accounts of William H.
Nobles, late superintendent of the Port Ridgely
and South Pass wagon road; which, on motion of
Mr. Grimes, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The YICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims in the case
of William Clark; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Court of Claims adverse to the claim of Sweeney,
Rittenhouse, Fant, & Co.; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Court of Claims adverse to the claim of Charles
P. Curtis, jr.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented two petitions of mem-
bers of the Jewish faith, praying that ministers
of their persuasion may be appointed chaplains in
the Army; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented two petitions of
citizens of Illinois, praying that homoeopathic phy-
sicians may be appointed surgeons in the Army
and Navy; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Wil-
liam T. Campbell and others, settlerson the school
sections of the late New York Indian lands, pray-
ing for the passage of an act giving them their
lands at the usual Government price; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Schuyler county, New York, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and that provision may be
made by law for calling on all the inhabitants of
the United States, of all conditions, bond and free,
to aid in the support of the Government; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of J. Inger-
soll Bowditch and other merchants and shipown-
ers of Boston, Massachusetts, protesting against
any measures being taken which shall in the least
degree diminish the efficiency of the United States
Coast Survey; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Colonel
J. J. Abert, of the topographical engineers, pray-
ing that his retired pay may be increased by the
allowance of service rations; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of merchants
of New York city, praying that in all legislation
designed to increase the duty upon imports a day
may be named for the act to take effect, or exempt
from its provisions not only goods in bond and in
port afloat, but also all merchandise actually on
shipboard and bouud to the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to present joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Michigan respecting
an exchange of prisoners with the insurgents, and
particularly an exchange of Colonel Orlando 13.
Wilcox, who was captured at the battle of Bull
Run. I am happy to say, in reference to the last
branch of these joint resolutions, that the proper
department of the Government has already taken
some steps with a view to obtain the release of
Colonel Wilcox, who was one of the gallant of-
ficers that fought in that somewhat notorious en-
gagement. At a future day perhaps I may offer
further remarks on this branch of the resolutions.
I ask that the resolutions be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
" Resolved, That in the present condition of the country,
with no pio-spect ot an immediate termination of the war,
and many ot the citizens of this State m captivity as pris-
oners of war, it is expedient that arrangements should be
made for exchange of pn^onei.s ; and that our Representa-
tives in Oongiess be requested, and our Senators be in-
structed, to use their proper mfluenec to hung about such
arrangements.
u Resolved, That we hold it to be a duty wp owe to our fol-
low-countiymen engaged in the present deplorable conflict,
to do aii in our power to mitigate the seventies and barba-
rism ot war, and therefore deem it not only expedient, but a
dictate of humanity, that all persons captured as privateers
upon the high seas should be held and deemed to be prison-
ers of war, to be held and treated as such during the contin-
uance of the existing contest.
" Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Repie^entatue* be requested, to urge the adoption
of mea&ures tor the exchange of Colonel Oilando B. Wil-
cox, who was wounded and taken prisoner while in com-
mand of a brigade, and biavelv leading the lir t regimpnt of
Michigan infantry at the battle of Manassas, and who is
now held m close confinement as a hostage in a southern
dungeon."
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 168) to repair and complete a post
office and court-house in Philadelphia, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wag referred the bill (H. R. No. 118) to authorize
the Postmaster General to establish branch post
offices in cities, reported it with an amendment.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the more effectual
suppression of the slave trade.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
170) to incorporate the Union Railroad Company,
and to authorize the construction of a railroad in
certain streets and avenues in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the Districtof Colum-
bia, and the running of vehicles connected theie-
with, and to regulate the same; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed without amendment, the joint
resolution (S. No. 34) authorizing certain officers
of the Navy to accept presents offered by the Jap-
anese Government; and that the House had passed
the bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase of
the clerical force in the War and Navy Depart-
ments, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 219) amending the provision of the second
section of the act of January 24, 1857, enforcing
the attendance of witnesses before committees of
either House of Congress; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed on the 22d instant, an act (S.
No. 164) to authorize the President to appoint two
additional Assistant Secretaries of War.
MARSHAL OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HALE. I laid on the table a few days
ago a resolution relating to the marshal of this
District, which I wish to have taken up, and dis-
posed of now.
The YICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning business, the resolution introduced
by the Senator from New Hampshire is now
before the Senate for consideration, and will be
read.
The Secretary road it, as follows:
Resolved, That Ward H. Lamon, marshal of*the District
of Columbia, by a recent order, as communicated to the
Senate on the I4th day of January instant,excludingmem-
ben> of the Senate, without a pa->, from admission to the
jail in the city of Washington, which is subject to the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of Congress, has been guilty of a breach
of the privileges of the members of the Senate, and of a
contempt of the rightful authority of this body, and that
the Secretaiy of the Senate he directed to communicate a
copy of this resolution to the President of the United
States.
The resolution was adopted.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour is House bill No. 165,
making an appropriation for completing the de-
fenses of Washington.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate, I should like to have the bill relating to
Congress taken up and acted upon.
Mr. WILSON. Will not the Senator from
Ohio allow this bill from the House to be acted
on?
Mr.SHERMAN. I have no objection. I simply
called it up because there seemed to be nothing
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
up House bill No. 165, as the unfinished business
of the morning hour.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 165) making ail appropriation for
completing the defenses of Washington, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr. Col-
lamer to the amendment of Mr. Wilson. Mr.
