3386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
that I have proposed to add simply carry out and
explain the obvious import of that language. I
do not know that the words are necessary. 1 am
inclined to think that all I have in view is already
accomplished by the words employed; but, sir, I
like, in legislation, to have always as much plain-
ness as possible, to remove all chance of difficulty
or doubt hereafter, and to that end I have proposed
this amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. X hope the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts will not be
adopted. I am just as far from desiring that those
parties who are really guilty of treason against the
Government of the United States should be turned
loose again, to recommit their offenses, as any
Senator; and 1 do not intend, by any vote of mine,
to do any such thing. But, sir, my understand-
ing is that there is a considerable number of po-
litical prisoners that have-been arrested, and are
now held in confinement under the authority of
the President of the United States, or the Secre-
taries; and now the question presents itself, are
those partiesguilty, or are they not guilty? This,
as I understand it, is not a proposition to turn
loose any parties that have been arrested in States
where the process of the law is obstructed. It is
not a proposition to turn loose those individuals
who have been arrested where they cannot be
tried, but it is a proposition to require a trial of
those parties who have been arrested in States
where the law is not obstructed.
Some Senators say that unless we keep them in
confinement, we shall simply turn them loose upon
the community to recommit their offenses. Mr.
President, if we do not demand a trial of these
parties, I fear very much that we shall run into
the other extreme. I have no complaint to make
of any of the executive authorities in reference to
this matter; but if we declare that they can seize
upon parties in the State of Ohio or in the State of
Wisconsin, where the law,^ unobstructed, i ask
where is tiie limit to it? vW&y cannot I be ar-
rested? Why cannot any Senator upon this floor
be arrested? And will the remaining Senators sit
here calmly and quietly, and have not one word
to say in reference to this matter?
Sir, I am an earnest supporter of the Adminis-
tration in the prosecution of this war. I have sus-
tained and upheld every act of the Administration
to put down this rebellion,and I expect still to do
so, where I can consistently do it in accordance
with my own convictions of constitutional duty;
but there is a principle involved in this question
which is of great importance. I desire to limit the
exercise of these powers in everyway I possibly
can, so as to keep my eye upon the great object
to be attained, and that is the suppression of'the
rebellion; hut where is the necessity of keeping
political prisoners who have been arrested in the
State of Missouri? None whatever. Let them
be turned over to the civil authorities and tried. I
will here remark that if some of those men had
been tried in the early part ofth is rebel lion and had
been convicted and hung, we should have had less
necessity for arresting others. That is what ought
to be done. Those parties ought to be turned over
to the courts,and itoughtnot be at their own dis-
cretion whether they should be tried or not; but
Home of the leaders, the active participants in the
rebellion, ought to have been turned over at an
early day to the judicial authorities, and tried and
executed. Nothing is gained by keeping them.
This bill proposes not to turn loose anybody who
has heen arrested where the law cannot be exe-
cuted, but provides for the trial of those who have
been arretted in States where the laws can be
executed.
The third section of the bill, as I understand
it, if there is anything in it, simply assumes the
power in Congress to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus* 1 do not regard it aa the
Senator from Connecticut yesterday regarded it—
that the third section nullifies the first and second
sections. My understanding of the provisions of
the bill is simply that the first and second sections
are intended to apply to those political prisoners
now held under arrest, arid that the third section
proposes to authorize the President to suspend the
privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus m eases that
may heieafter occur, because the same authority
that undertakes to suspend the privilege of the
writ, certainly has power to legislate jn regard to
thosucasesalready underarrest. As! understand
the bill,it intends to legislate specifically in refer-
ence to pending cases, and then .to give to the
President the privilege of suspending the writ in
cases that may hereafter occur. It may not be
perfectly plain, but if there is any meaning in the
bill, that must be the meaning, that must be the
understanding of it; and I am willing to take it as
it was evidently intended, and to make the first
and second sections apply to the cases of those
now under arrest. I think they ought to be tri^d.
Mr. COLLAMER. It says " who are now or
may hereafter be held.,,
Mr. HENDERSON. In the third section ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; but the very sec-
tion you wish to keep, showing that it is not con-
fined to persons now arrested.
Mr. HENDERSON. That makes no differ-
ence; the first section of the bill intends to apply
to the cases of those who are now arrested, and I
understand it will apply to all who may hereafter
bearrested, unless the President, by proclamation,
suspends the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
Am I not correct? It is certainly so. I under-
stand that the first section applies specifically to
the eases now under arrest; and it may apply to
cases hereafter, but it will not apply to cases here-
after, provided that by the proclamation author-
ized by the third section the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus may have been suspended. I can,
certainly, give no other construction toit. If that
be not the construction, then I am forced to con-
cur in the view of the Senator from Connecticut,
that, by the adoption of the first, second, and third
sections, the latter nullifies the other two, and
the President, by issuing the proclamation imme-
diately after the passage of the act, may prevent
the trial of these parties.
I do not know that there is anything to be ac-
complished by the Administration by retailing
these men any more than can be accomplished by
having them tried. I believe there has not been a
single conviction for treason, nor indeed a trial for
treason, since this rebellion commenced. If there
are cases, I say, let us try some of them; not pen
them up in forts, and keep them there from year
to year; and, it'may be said, without authority so
to do where the men are from States which are
loyal, and where there arc courts with judges ap-
pointed by the present President and district attor-
neys, ready, eager, and desirous to prosecute these
parties; but turn them over to the judicial author-
ities,and let some of them be convicted; or if they
are not guilty, we have no right to hold them. If
they are guilty and there is any evidence to convict
them, lot them be turned over to the courts and
tried. If there is no evidence against them, wc
ought not to hold them. It may be said that those
persons who have been arrested are guilty. Who
says they are guilty? Having the confidence that
I have in the Administration, I have every reason
to believe that they are guilty; and I will assume
that they are guilty; but if they are, let them be
tried. It can do the country no harm to let them
be tried; but if they are not guilty, it is certainly
a great outrage on human liberty to have them
confined.
I sjvy, sir, that the bill ought to pass; and it will
do much toward the suppression of the rebellion
to adopt this course. Some bill ought to be passed
requiting these parties to be tried.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I remarked a few min-
utes ago, what I have to say may not be deemed
quite germane to llna bill; and yet this bill and
what 1 have to say are alike connected with the
conduct of the war, and therefore I ask the indul-
gence of the,Senate for a short time.
At an early day of the present session of Con-
giess, (he committee on the conduct of the war
was raised by the following resolution, which was
passed by both Houses:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Ilou&e of Representatives
. eoncurimg,) '/'hat a joint committee of three members of
| the Senate nod four members ot the House of ilepresent-
i atives be appointed to inquire into the conduct of the war;
that they have power to send for persons and papers, and
to t-it during the recess of cithei House of Congie^s.""
In accordance with that resolution, the commit-
tee has expended much time and labor upon this
investigation. Although the committee has made
but one report to Congress, and that only upon the
barbarities practiced upon our dead, wounded,and
prisoners, yet, when the testimony is printed, it
will be found that it was not for want of material,
but for the reason that in the opinion of the com-
mittee the public interests would not be subserved
by printing thetestimony. Thecommittee has been
in constant, almost daily, communication with
the Administration, and has, from time to time,
submitted such information as in their opinion
should be furnished to the Executive. How val-
uable this information may have been to the Ad-
ministration is not for me or the committee to de-
cide, but in toy opinion, when the history of the
war shall have been written, the country will give
credit where credit is due.
The battle of Bull Run seems to have been the
culminating point of the rebellion. Up to that
time the North hardly seemed to appreciate the
fact that we were in the midst of war, that a gigan-
tic and wicked rebellion was shaking the very
foundation-stones of our political institutions, that
the rebels meant a bloody, fratricidal war. The
firing upon Sumter was considered rather the ac-
tion of a frenzied mob than the fixed, determined
intent to break up and destroy the best Govern-
ment the world had ever seen. That battle left
the enemies of the country masters of the field and
virtually besiegers of the capital. From that 21st
day of July, 1861, the nations of the earth con-
sidered the experiment of republican institutions
a failure, or at least an untried experiment. Re-
bellion had triumphed, and the nations believed
the Republic was tottering to its fall. Our secu-
rities became valueless outside our borders, and
our armies to be raised were considered men in
buckram. Not so the brave and loyal millions of
the North. They knew that the resources of the
North had not been touched, that the battle of Bull
Run was but an insignificant skirmish, without
results to either side, and forthwith began to put
forth their mighty energies. Up to this time the
earnestness of this rebellion had not been appre-
ciated by the North.
1. Upon the cause or causes of that disaster I
propose to dwell very briefly. The army of the
Potomac at that time was composed of two col-
umns. The one under Patterson atMartinsburg
consisted of a force of about twenty thousand ef-
fective men of all arms; the other, under McDow-
ell, of about thirty-five thousand, and a reserve in
Washington, Lieutenant General Scott in com-
mand of all, conducting both columns.
I will read General Patterson's orders:
Washington, July 13,1861.
General U. Patterson :
1 telegraphed you yesterday. If not strong enough to beat
the enemy early next week, make demonstrations so as to
detain him in the valley of Winchester. But if he retieats
in force towards Manassas, and it be hazardous to follow
him, then consider the route via Keyes's Ferry, Lees-
burg, ac. WINFIELD SCOTT.
Washington, July 17, 1861.
General Patterson, •*
1 have nothing official from you since Sunday last, but
am glad to learn through Philadelphia papers that you have
advanced. Do not let the enemy amuse and delay you
with a small force in front, while he reinforces the Junc-
tion with his main body. McDowell's first day's work has
driven the enemy beyond Fairfax Court-House. The Junc-
tion will probably be carried to-morrow.
WINFIELD SCOTT.
HaVl these orders been obeyed, Johnson could
never have joined Beauregard; had Johnson not
joined Beauregard, the battle of Bull Run would
have been but a skirmish between forces greatly
unequal, and the army of the South would have
been destroyed. The failure, therefore, of Pat-
terson to hold Johnson was the primal cause of
that ingloiious defeat. Why did not Patterson
obey orders ?
Before the battle was fought,GeneralScott tel-
egraphed to General Patterson:
Washington, July 18,1861.
Major General Patterson, $c.:
I have certainly been expecting you to beat the enemy.
If not, to hear thatyou had felt him strongly, or at least had
occupied him by threats and demonstrations. You have
been at least his equal, and I suppose superior, in number.
Has he not stolen a march and sent reinforcements toward
Manassas Junction ? A week is enough to win a victory.
WINFIELD SCOTT.
| Patterson had turned off from Bunker Hill,
| where he was threatening Johnson, to Charles-
town, on the 17th of July. Upon the receipt of
the above telegram, he replied as follows:
Charmstown, July 18, 1861.
Colund E. D. Townsknd, .4.-2. G , <§c .•
Telegram ot to-day iceeived. The enemy lias stolen no
maich upon me. I have kept him actively employed, and
by threat* and reconnoiss-anees in force caused him to be re-
inforced. t have accomplished moio in this respect than
the gpncral-ni-chiu asked, or could well bo expected, in
