1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
never attempted to get anything. It is no act of
generosity on the part of the Government. The
fact is that this land donation came from the Pot-
tawatomie Indians, who had barbarously mui-
dered the father of these children, and gave this
land to the Government in trust for them, accord-
ing to their custom, as I understand it, that when
they commit a murder they must make a gratuity
or pay the price of that murder, in their own lan-
guage, or they expect retaliation will take place,
and they will be murdered themselves. They
made this donation in accordance with their own
principle. They murdered the father of these
children, and then they made this grant of land,
and stipulated in the treaty that these children
should have this amount of land. The Govern-
ment has had it all the time. They have sold it.
They have kept these parlies out of it. As often
as they have made a levy anywhere, they have
found that the Government had appropriated the
land previously, and they cannot keep up with
the Government anywhere. If they discover a
good location, and attempt to put their warrant
upon it, they find it sold, and are refused, and
have been refused repeatedly.
I repeat, sir, that this is not a very large mat-
tei, and I hope the bill will be suffered to pass. I
believe it is right. I do not think there is any-
thing wrong about it, though I do not profess to
have studied it thoroughly; it has not been before
me. But when I see that it has several times
passed through both branches of Congress, and
when I see the report which the House commit-
tee have made, and the unanimous conclusion
they have come to, and also the conclusion of our
own committee who have examined it, I think we
ought to let it pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Although this may be a
small matter in itself, it involves a principle that
I apprehend may take millions out of the Treas-
ury. It is establishing the principle that where a
man is entitled at a particular time to a piece of
land, and does not get it from any cause with ref-
erence to the action of the Government, he may
have interest on his claim from the time he was so
entitled to receive his land. Sir, if you undertake
to establish a principle of that sort, with all the
private land claims there are against the Govern-
ment—it is a newprinciple entirely unheard of m
the administration of our affairs—gentlemen must
see what the effect upon the Treasury will be.
I am not so clearly convinced that the bill itself
is right, for I think the effort to levy this title upon
a part of the Fort Snelling reservation was one
which was very properly repudiated by the Court
of Claims some years ago. It clearly was not in-
tended, and would convey lands of vastly greater
value than could ever have been supposed to be
intended. It is, therefore, in that view, by the
decision of the Court of Claims, very much the
fault of these persons themselves, who attempted
to get what they had no right to; and I think we
may take the decision of the Court of Claims,who
have examined the subject, as correct, so that the
delay of a very large portion of it, for a certain
length of time, has been owing rather to their own
action than the action of the Government. But
be that as it may, Congress has never yet recog-
nized a principle of this sort with reference to
lands underanycircumstanc.es; and the reason is
perfectly manifest, and that is, the door that would
be opened to a large number of claims which
would sweep a much larger proportion of our pub-
lic lands than was intended. I think it is wrong;
I think it is very dangerous. The Senate can do
what they please.
Mr. WADE. I believe that the Senator states
the rule about interest mure rigidly in behalf of
the Government than it has been practiced. I know
that during the six yeais I was upon the Commit-
tee on Claims, our rule then, that was enforced in
all cases, was that where the Government acknowl-
edged themselves to be in default, we always paid
interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. WADE. From the time that there was a
manifest default 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We never paid iton a land
claim in the world.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that it applied to
land claims. I know that was the rule as to all
claims, and I do not know that a land claim differs
materially from any other claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not aware that there
has been any interest allowed in any case except
where a judgment has been recovered before a
court which has not been paid.
Mr. WADE. We always reported in favor
of paying interest wherever the Government ac-
knowledged themselves to owe the money because
they were out of funds, because there was not an
appropriation, or anything of that kind. Where
they admitted the justice of the account, but had
not the means of paying it, frequently for want of
appropriation being made for it, we allowed inter-
est. In all these cases, so long as I know anything
about the decisions, that was the rule. Of course
we did not allow interest on unliquidated claims
while the evidence was being prepared, and if the
officers had been a great while coming to a conclu-
sion on them, we did not allow interest. Perhaps
we allowed it in no case where the claim had been
delayed for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the party was entitled to it, let the period be long
or short; but from the moment the claim was liqui-
dated and acknowledged by the Government, and
they refused to pay for any reason, either want of
funds or any thing else, we always allowed interest.
That was the distinction.
Suppose a man presents his claim to Congress,
and he does not make it out to the satisfaction of
Congress, but he takes evidence; it passes along
from year to year; it passes one branch and not
the other. I have known claims of that descrip-
tion for twenty or thirty years. We do not pay
interest on those, though we ultimately conclude
the party was entitled to the money; he had not
made it manifest at first; but from the very mo-
ment the Government admitted themselves in de-
fault, we always gave interest. That is the un-
derstanding I have always had of the rule, and
believe it has always been so administered. Now
here the Government have been in default all along;
these parties were entitled to this land along time
ago, hut they do not seek any interest from that
period, but only from the time when they did
make a location and when the Government admit-
ted that their claim was just, and yet sold the land
and took the benefit of it themselves, thus depriv-
ing them of the location they had made.
As to the Fort Snelling claim, the last grant of
Congress was broad enough in terms to include
that or any other land situated in like manner; and
they were justified in endeavoring to obtain it.
The committee of the House of Representatives
now conclude that the decision of the court was
wrong, although they do not intend to controvert
it, because they say the grant was sufficiently large
to enable these persons to levy and to hold land
there. The court supposed that it would be un-
reasonable to give them so good an opportunity,
but did not really find any restraint in the terms
of the grant. I can hardly see how any lawyer
can say that they were not entitled to levy on the
land at Fort Snelling. 1 should like to know where
the limitation is. The court so found, and I do
not controvert that; I am not seeking to overturn
that decision, but I do think that from the time
the Government had conveyed away the land that
these people had selected, they ought to pay in-
terest, ebpecmliy if these persons are willing to
take it in land scrip. I think the title is just. They
have been perplexed long enough. As I said be-
fore,it would be much betterfor them if tliey had
never had any grant. If they had suffered their
father to be killed in the service of the country and
not attempted to receive any kind of benefit for it,
they would be better oft to-day than they are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the Senate will proceed with
the regular order of the day, which is the bill (S.
No. lbtf) for the release of certain persons held to
service or labor in the District of Columbia, on
which the Senator from Indiana is entitled to the
floor.
Mi. WRIGHT. I trust the Senate will go
on with the present bill. I feel some solicitude
about it.
Mr, WADE. I will not press it now if there
is to be much debate; but I should like to have it
disposed of.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be betterfor
this bill to go over. It is an entirely anomalous
case. 1 have never known the Senate to pass
such a bill, and I would prefer, individually, to
have an opportunity to look at it. I move that
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 108)
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia, the question
pending being on the amendment of Mi\ Pombroy
to inscrtas an additional section:
Sec—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the commission-
ers provided for in this act shall be, and they are hereby,
authorized to make and effect an equitable and ju«t settle-
ment ot all demands existing between the master or owner
and ihe so-called slave ; allowing the master a reasonable
compensation for all supplies of food, clothing, or money he
may have paid said slave, and for all expenses he may have
incurred in consequence of his sickness or disability, as
well also as lor all the master may have expended for his
moral or intellectual education. At the same time, to settle
and adjust this account, said commissioners shall allow the
slave (and charge the same against his master's account) a
just and fair compensation for all services rendeied and
labor performed; and such balance as the said commission-
ers may find to be actually due, either to master or slave,
shall be paid to each respectively, out of the money hereby
appiopriated lor carrying into effect the provisions of this
act. All persons under"the age of twenty-one years ap-
pearing before said commissioners shall be represented by
their parents, if living, and within the District, and ad-
judged competent and responsible to act in behalf of an in-
terest for otheis. If non-iesidents, or judged incompetent,
or not trustworthy, said commissioners shall appoint trus-
tees or guardians for all minors and incompetent persons,
whether masters or slaves, under such rules and regulations
asthevmay piescribe: Provided always. That in no event
shall the amount found to be due, either master or slave,
exceed the average sum of $300 for each person liberated
by the provision of this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I can assure
the gentleman who introduced this bill that I will
not embarrass the action of the Senate by a lengthy
speech upon it. I feel somewhat embarrassed,
however, though I have been a good while in pub-
lic life, in rising here to speak on a subject of this
character. I am well aware that I am not equal
to the magnitude of the question the occasion pre-
sents; but I have a few plain thoughts that I desire
to submit.
1 earnestly hoped when I took my seat here,
that during this trouble, this unnatural strife, I
should see my way clear, and in every vote, m
every act, while I was a member of the Senate,
to do something that would tend in some form,
directly or indirectly, to the putting down of this
rebellion; and I hoped that these embarrassing
questions which have disturbed our country for
years—the question involved in this bill among
the others—would, at least, not be presented in
the present unfortunate condition of our country.
I have no tastes which would be gratified bygoing
back to the past. I leave other Senators, of dif-
ferent disposition and desires, to speak of the his-
tory of the organization of the Government of our
fathers, and to talk about this actor that act being
the result of the slaveholding interest of the coun-
try. I was taught early in life to regard as a maxim
in politics, the truth that there is evil enough in
every section of our country to be looked at with
regret, but that the better duty of the citizen and
the politician is to look at the bright side of the
picture which our nation presents. I know that
your fathers and mine had trouble in forming the
principles of this Government. This evil which
we have now in our land, which is now so much
the subject of discussion, was then among us. 1
believe in relation to it the founders of our Gov
ernment did the best they could. 1 have no pre
disposition to hunt up records; Heave that to gen-
tlemen who with care turn over books and devote
hours after hours of their time to inquire what
was done by the South or by the North. They
are all past. I know, as a matter of history, that
that remaikable provision in our Constitution
which continued tne slave trade up to 1808, was
not placed in the Constitution by the unanimous
votes of any one section of this country* I re-
member that old Virginia and Delaware voted
against it; and I remember that Massachusetts
voted for it. But I apprehend our fathers did the
very best they could *, I apprehend that at the time
they formed this Government they did what they
believed was right; and I leave to other gentlemen
the pleasure of turning over the records and at-
tributing special provisions to this or that section
of the country. I represent in part here a people
who belong to no section of this country. So far
as these ultra questions are concerned, we belong
neither to the North nor to the South. If there
be any portion of this country that is loyal and
conservative, it is the people of the State of In-
diana. Perhaps this results from their geograph-
