2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
we!have had six hundred thousand men in the
field about a year. I haye inquired of the most
accomplished military men in this country, and
they'all tell me that to raise and put in the field,
and to keep in the field, to equip and-provide that
number of men, will cos t $600,000,000 itself. That
would be far greater than the estimate placed by
theSenatorfromRhode Island. That is the least
that military men with whom I have conversed
put the expenses of such an army. That does
not include the expenditures of the Navy, which
are vast. Itdoes not include the pension list that
must necessarily follow. It does not include the
bounties. I will venture to say that, when the
facts shall be known, this debt, so far from bein 
a little over four hundred millions of dollars will
be nearly three times that amount. Did the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island suppose that this Senate
would give credence and currency to the idea that
you could sustain in-the field six hundred thou-
sand men for a year, that you could purchase,
put afloat, and equip an immense Navy that we
have been compelled to brin^ into action, and all
not make an indebtedness of §500,000,000 ? Why,
Senators, the statement will not do at all. I do
not know why it was put forth. But while we
are talking here on the subject, as my friend the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] said the
other day, we had just as well tell the truth and
be candid. I believe to-day that our indebtedness
is much nearer $1,200,000,000 than $500,000,000.
I believe that we owe this day to the Army of
the United States from one to two millions of dol-
lars. It is known to everybody that a great many
of these men have notbeen paid for many months
back.
I do not understand why these statements are
thrown out in this way. We misjlit just as well
let the people know the amount of their indebted-
ness, and tliey will be prepare^to meet it. I do
not think it is advisable, in personal affairs, if a
man is in debt to try to keep it from him and from
those who are intei ested, and 1 think the same
rule applies to national affairs. You might just
as well let llio whole truth be known and make
arrangements to meet it. 1 did not intend to nay
a word about these expendituics; but I could not
allow such a statement as that which has been
made by the venerable Senatoi from Rhode Island
to pass unquestioned. He may be right, but I am
very confident be is far from it.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. 1 merely wish to say that
as to the constitutional question involved, I was
satisfied by the argumentmadeon the subject yes-
terday by the Senator from Ohio, and that which
has been made by gentlemen on this side to-day.
But 1 wish to call tin; attention of the country to
the fact that here is a direct, open, manifest at-
tempt made to tax a man for no other cause than
that he isa slaveholder. Under this bill, the slave-
holdersof the bordet States pay just.as much taxes
as do any other portion of the community. In
addition to that, you propose to impose a tax of
five dollars for eveiy slave they own, simply and
solely because they are slaveholders. What, will
be the effect of this upon some of the States? The
Slate of Maryland has eighty-seven thousand
slaves. This tax upon hcrpeople will be $435,000,
which they will have to pay over and above the
proportion of taxes that you gentlemen from the
free States pay. The State of Kentucky has two
hundred and fifty thousand slaves. Tins will bur-
den her people with an increased taxation, over
and above what you gentlemen of the North pay,
of $1,250,000. My .State is less interested m this
subject than any Ktate of the Union. It is meiely
nominal. She has no -veiy great interest in the
question of slavery except ill adhering strictly to
the constitutional rights guarantied to her people
by the Cramers of tin; Constitution. She has but
about two thousand slaves. This will impose
some burdens upon her citizens over and above
what you gentlemen of the North pay. Now, sir,
what I want the country to understand is this:
that it is a direct, plain, manifest attempt to tax
a man simply because he is a slaveholder, when
you would not have taxed him if be were not, and
to do it by indirect, unconstitutional means.
i t. I lesident, I ant going to say on this
occasion what I mean. The legislation of this
Congress seems designed to drive every southern
State from tins Union. You could not act better
for that purpose if you were to try than you have
acted. Through your representatives upon this
floor, you rise and denounce slaveholders as being
something worse than yourselves. Sir, such in-
sinuations coming from such quarters only meet
with the scorn and contempt that they merit. I
have a right to say that, because I have sat here
quietly day after day, and listened to these as-
saults upon men simply because they are slave-
holders. In addition to this, you have passed
acts that are, to say theleast,offensive,and which
the slaveholding States of this Union believe to
be unjust. Upon every occasion when this sub-
joct of slavery can be lugged into your legisla-
tion, it is dragged in. One of the purposes avowed
upon this floor for the adoption of this proposi-
tion is that it may lead some slaveholders to lib-
erate their slaves. In my judgment, it will have
exactly the contrary effect. I do not think there
is a man in this country who owns a slave that
will be induced to liberate him simply because
you impose a tax of five dollars. I know that the
few that there are in my State will not be induced
to liberate them by any such reason as that, and
I presume that gentlemen interested in this species
of property in other States will feel precisely as
they will in my own State.
But, sir, 1 will not continue this discussion.
Discussion is of- no use. I know, let gentlemen
say what they please, that the people of the bor-
der States—1 know it is so in my own—are as
true, as loyal men as ever lived. As far as that
State is concerned, it has never dreamed of raising
a hand, or doing aught against the Federal Gov-
ernment; but your legislation is calculated, if not
designed, to irritate and madden eveiy man in a
bolder State. I have said, sir, all that I wish to
say now.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, as the yeas
and nays are to be taken on this question, I desire
to explain very briefly the reasons of my vote.
I regard the question as purely a financial one. I
have no desire in this bill to punish any man for
disloyalty, or to reward any man for loyalty, I
desire tg treat slave property precisely as we do
any other property. I look upon it as extremely
absurd, as unworthy the dignity of the discus-
sion to say-that that which is bought and sold
in the open market, which is put up at auction,
and knocked down to the highest bidder, which
is levied upon by execution, taken for debt, be-
queathed by last will and testament,and taxed by
the States, is not property. We may say that it
ought not to be property, that it is contrary to good
policy that it should be property. We may say,
if we think so, that it is contrary to good morals
and leligton that it should be property; but that
it is property seems to me perfectly settled beyond
all doubt, i see no reason why it should not
bear its fair equal share of the public burdens. I
see no more reason why we should not tax slaves
than why we should not tax any other property.
I prefer to use the plain word " slaves," rather
than to use any circumlocutory expression that
takes almost a sentence, and then is unintelligible.
But the Senator from Delaware says that to tax
slave property puts a stigma on it. Do we put
any stigma on manufactures by taxing them?
Sir, this bill will tax the people of my State five
tunes what it will tax the people of Kentucky,
even if this slave clause be put in it. 1 do not
think we put any stigma on manufactures when
we tax them three per cent.; and 1 do not think
we put any stigma on slaveholding when we tax
it, as we propose to do in this bill, in very much
a similar proportion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island if the manufacturers of my own
State—and we have a number of them, and a great
capital invested in it—aie not also taxed?
Mr. ANTHONY. If you have any.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Wc have.
Mr. ANTHONY. Your manufactures are very
small compared with ours. We cannot tax slaves
m Rhode Island, because we have none. You
cannot get a large amount from a tax on manu-
factures in Delaware, because they do not exist
there to a large extent. You cannot place a tax
upon any product, or upon any property, or upon
any business, that will operate with perfect equal-
ity upon every State. I shall vote to put a tax
upon slave pioprrty, and 1 shall vote for it upon
financial principles. In fixing the amount of that
fax, I shall be guided by the judgment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and especially of the chairman
of the committee. I want to take that tax which
will yield the largest revenue, and be most con-
sistent with the principles upon which we tax
every other kind of property and every other
branch of industry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from IVIainc to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to strike out "five,"and insert"two." The Sec-
retary will call the roll.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Anthony,
and he responded.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have an executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; let us vote on this
question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I fear we
cannot take the vote now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to have
another day taken up with it.
Mr. HALE. Debate is out of order now. The
call of the roll has been commenced, and one Sen-
ator has answered.
Mr. BROWNING. I have a very few words
to say; and if the Senator from Massachusetts
does not desire to take the floor for the purpose
of moving an executive session, I will say them
now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 think we
ought to have an executive session.
Mr. BROWNING. I am willing to yield the
floor for the purpose of allowing the motion to be
made, if the Senator desires it. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to any bargains.
If the Senator yields the floor, I should like to
know it; and if he does not, I should like to know
it. He cannot yield the floor, conditionally, to A,
B, or C; he must yield unconditionally, if at all.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. Is
it in order for the Senator from Illinois to discuss
this question after the calling of the roll was com-
menced, and one member answered ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois was recognized by the Chair before the
Senator from Rhode island answered tohis name.
Mr. HALE. Then I have nothing to say.
Mr. BROWNING. I am perfectly willing to
give way for the present. I do not want to vio-
late any rule of the Senate; and I can say whatl
desire to say just as well hereafter. Let the call
proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, (/'handler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Divott, Doohttle, Fo&srnden, Fos-
ter, Gaines, Urile, Ilarl.in, Harris, [lovvatd, Howe, Ken-
nedy. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan^a*?, Morrill, Powell
Sherman, Simmons,Ten Eyek, Wade, Wiiiev, and Wiigiu.
—
NAYS—Messrs. Cnrlile, King, Latham, McDousaH,
Fomerov, Salisbury, Sumnei,Tunnhu]l. IVilmot, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—10,
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BROWNING. What is the question
now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] as amended on
the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
SEN'DEN.]
Mr. BROWNING. On that I desire to say a
few words, if I am in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is in
order.
Mr. BROWNING. I cannot vote for the prop-
osition, Mr. President, and I want to state very
biicfly the reasons why I cannot. My own ob-
jection is—I must act upon my own opinions, of
couise, and not upon the opinions of another—
that under the provisions of the Constitution we
have no right to impose the tax that is proposed
by the amendment. The only provision of the
Constitution to which I intend to call attention is
that which has been already frequently read m
the hearing of the Senate, that " no capitation or
other direct tax shall be laid, unless in proportion
to the census or enumeration hereinbefore directed
to be taken "
Accotding to my comprehension, this isa direct
tax. If it is not a direct tax, I do not know what
it is. It is a tax of so much per head on all per-
sons held to service, I believe. Is not that so?
I think it is. It is not a lax ad valorem—so much
upon the value of property—but it is a direct tax
