1862.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out results ? These are questions which the people
will askj and no man can satisfactorily answer.
Why were notreinforcementssentfromEdwarfs's
Ferry to Colonel Baker? The distance was only
three and a half miles. We had fifteen hundred
men across at two o'clock on Monday, and the
universal concurrent testimony of officers and men
is that a reinforcement of even one thousand men
—some say five hundred, and one gallant captain
swears that with one hundred men he could have
struck them upon the flank, and changed the re-
sult of the day. Why, I say, were not these re-
inforcements sent? Stone swears, as I have al-
ready shown, that there were batteries between
Edwards's Perry and Ball's Bluff which would
have utterly destroyed any force he could have
sent to Baker's relief, and that Baker knew it. But
Stone was not sustained by a single witness; on
the contrary, all swear that there were not, to
their knowledge, and that they did not believe
there were any, and a civilian living upon the spot,
and in the habit of passing over the ground fre-
quently, swears there were none,andagain, Stone,
when questioned as to the erection of forts under
the range of his guns, upon his second examina-
tion , swears positively that there is not a gun now
between Edwards's Ferry and Bali's Bluff, and
never has been. Why, then, were not reinforce-
ments sent from Edwards's Ferry? Let the men
who executed and planned this horrible slaughter
answer to God and an outraged country. General
Banks swears that his orders were such from Gen-
eral McCielIan,tliat upon his arrival at Edwards's
Ferry, although his judgment was against cross-
ing, he did not feel himself at liberty to decline
crossings and he remained upon the Virginia side
until Thursday.
General Banks swears:
"Question. One question in relation to the crossing. You
said that General Gorman thought it not advisable lor our
forces to cross. Genet ;il Lander thought it was, and you
felt constrained to adopt Geneial Lander's view. Do you
mean that you felt constrained in consequence ol induc-
tion^ or ordeis?
".Answer. I concuried with Geneial Lander on account
of my instructions. But then it was not an affair that I
should have planned myseJf at that time.
" Question. You took your instructions from General
McClelian?
"Answer. My instructions from General McClelian were
to cross the river, and I did so as far as was piacticable.
The difficulty was that we had no transportation to make
it safe."
So much for the wholesale murder at Ball's Bluff.
Five o'clock having arrived the Senate took a
recess until seven, p. m.
EVENING SESSION".
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
ADDITIONAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is House biil No. 362, upon which the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me one moment before he commences
with his remarks, it is important to make an
amendmentto the Indian appropriation bill. Some
amendments were put'upon that bill in the Sen-
ate, which by mistake either of the printer or of
some one of the clerks, were not sent to the House
of Representatives, and therefore were not acted
upon there; and it becomes absolutely necessary
that a joint resolution or an act should be passed
to supply those deficiencies. I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 101) mak-
ing further appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30,1863; and
it was read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It recites that certain appropriations agreed to
by the Senate of the United States,asamendments
to the act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfillingtreaty stipulations with va-
rious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1863, approved July 5, 1862, were accidentally
omitted to be sent to the House of Representa-
tives for concurrence; and as these appropriations
are necessary to be made, the resolution provides
for them as follows: For the Indians in Nevada
Territory: for the pay of an interpreter, $500; for
presents of goodsand clothing to the Indians, to be
expended by the superintendentof Indian affairs,
$5,000; for incidental expenses in Nevada Ter-
ritory, (including office and traveling expenses,)
$2,000. For Indian service in Colorado Territory:
for pay of interpreter, $500; forpresents of goods
and clothing: to Indians, $5,000; for incidental
expenses, $S,000. For Indian serviceinUtahTer-
ritory: for interpreter of the Shoshones, #1,000;
for interpreter for the Utahs, $1,000; for inter-
preter for the Ruby Valley agency, $500; for in-
terpreter for Fort Bridger agency, $500; for in-
terpreter for the Spanish Fork agency, $500; for
presents of goodsand clothing to Indians, $5,000;
for incidental expenses in Utah Territory, includ-
ing office and traveling expenses, $2,000. *
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
400) concerning the closing of the office of sur-
veyor general at St. Louis, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public lands.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That to-morrow the Senate meet at nine o'clock,
a. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
HouseofRepresentativeshadagreed to theaifiend-
ments of the Senate to the following joint resolu-
tions of the House:
A joint resolution (No. 107) further to provide
for the compensation of members of Congress;
A joint resolution (No. 109) to amend section
seventy-seven of an act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt; and
A joint resolution (No. 110) explanatory of an
act to suppress insurrections, to punish treason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution; which
thereupon#received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 577) to provide for the more
prompt settlement of the accounts of disbursing
officers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 81) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to expend from a fund
in the United States Treasury, belonging to the
Winnebago Indians, the sum of $50,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, for the benefit
of said Indiana.
SALE OF KANSAS INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I desire to ask for the con-
sideration of a resolution which was reported this
morning by my colleague, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with reference to the sales of In-
dian lands in Kansas. 1 am sure it will take no
time, and it is very necessary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope it will be done.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I will say that it is neces-
sary to pass the resolution. The sale of these
lands is by sealed bids, and it is supposed there
will be some gieat speculation unless the sale is
suspended. A
The joint resolution (S. No. 100) suspending
the sale by sealed bids of the lands of the Kansas
and Sac and Fox tribes of Indians, was read the
second time by unanimous consentand considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
postpone the sales of the lands of the Kansas and
Sac and Fox tribes of Indians in the State of Kan-
sas by sealed bids until the 4th day of March, 1863,
any treaty or law to the contrary notwithstanding..
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire the Senate to take up
•4—
for consideration joint resolution No. 58, which
was reported from the Committee on Pensions a
.few days since. It makes a Mttfe alteration as re-
gards the compensation of pension agents, affecting
a few pension agents in the large cities, but the
Commissioner of Pensions thinks it is necessary
that it should be passed, and the committee con-
cur in that opinion.
The joint resolution (S. No. 58) to regulate the
compensation of agents for paying pensions, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that agents for paying pensions shall receive
two per cent, on ail dis&ursements made by them
to pensioners of the United States; but the aggre-
gate compensation to any one agent, paying both
Army and Navy pensions, is not to exceed $2,00 
per annum.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading*
read the third time, and passed.
SALE OF TOWN SITES.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the bill(S. Nov
355) for increasing the revenue by reservation and
sale of town sites on public lands, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States, iri virtue of the power
possessed by the Executive, to reserve from the
public lands, whether surveyed or unsurveyed,,
town sites on the shores of harbors, at the junc-
tion of rivers, important portages, or any natural
or prospective centers of population. The second
section provides that when any such reservation^
in whole or in part, shall have been released, the-
Secretary of the Interior is to have it surveyed
into urban or suburban lots of suitable size, sold
by such officer as the President may designate,
after being first offered at public sale, and there-
after laid open to sale at such minimum price and
according to such regulations as the Secretary of
the Interior may prescribe; but such sales are to-
be made without additional cost to the Govern-
ment.
The Committee on Public Lands had reported
two amendments to the bill. The first was in line
four of the first section, to strike out the words
"in virtue of the power possessed by the Exec-
utive." The next amendment was to substitute
for the second section the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatwhen,intheopin-
ion of the Piesident, the public interests require it, it slia.ll
be the duty of the Secretary of the Inteiioi to cause anyof
the said resei vations, or part thereof, to be surveyed into
urban or suburban lots of suitable size, and to fix by ap-
piaisementof disinterested persons their cash value, and
to offer tbe same ior sale at public outcry to the highest
bidder, and tberice afterwards to be held subject to sale at
private entry, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Interior may presenbe : Pronded, That no lotshall be dis-
posed of at public sale or private entry for less than the ap-
praised value theieof. Anil-providedfurther, That said .^ales
shall be conducted by the legister and receiver of the land:
office in the district in which such reservation may be sit-
uated, in accordance, as near a^ maybe, with the laws and
rules and instructions of the Department regulating the
sales of public lands.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OP STATE PRISONERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
hill (H. R. No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisoners and others, and to authorize the
judges of the United States courts to take bail or
recognizances to secure the trial of the same.
Mr. CHANDLER. After the melancholy dis-
aster at Ball's Bluff, our army of the Potomac, of
over one hundred and fifty thousand men, retired
at all points except directly in front of Washington,
where it remained stationary for many months.
The last of October the Navy Department applied
to the military for four thousand men to hold Mat-
thias Point after the enemy should have been
shelled from it by the gunboats, and thus keep
open the navigation of the Potomac, a military as
well as national necessity.
Assistant Secretary Fox testifies:
"Question. Do you know of an attempt having been made,
or a pioject formed, to take possession of Matthias Point at
any time;1 If so, will you state the particular?
ilAnsu:er. The Navy Department, as early a-> in June last,
(1861,) propo&cd to the War Department to take possession
of that point, and an examination was made by the War
Department with reference to the project, by Captain Wood-
bury, of the engineers, and Captain Palmer, of the topo-
