1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ishing either office, but I am very clear that the
superintendent of the document-room cannot be
dispensed with. We must have an experienced
man there.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I was so unfortunate as not
to hear the Senator from Maine in the remarks he
has made, his face having been directed towards
the Senator from Ohio. 1 know but little myself
in regard to the respective duties of these two su-
perintendents; but the information I have is that
the superintendent of the document-room is vir-
tually, to a certain extent at least, under the con-
trol of the superintendent of the folding-room; that
is to say, although he may not be subject to him,
the documents pass generally through the folding-
ronm in the first instance. I understand that the
superintendent of the document-room has a very
small duty to perform in comparison with the su-
perintendent of the folding-room. He distributes
documents, perhaps one of each kind a year to a
Senator. It is made his duty to see that Senators
get a document of every variety that is printed by
order of the Senate. Now, whether the franking
privilege shall be abolished or not, strikes me as
a matter of not so much consequence as the Sen-
ator from Maine indicates, because the documents
that are printed must he distributed, whether they
are distributed under the frank of Senators or in
some other way; and my idea was, that inasmuch
as the business of the document-room is not per-
haps one hundredth part of the business of the
folding-room, one of the employes in the document-
room, who is denominated a clerk, could discharge
all the duties of the document-room. I do not wish
to abolish the duties of the superintendent of the
document-room, but merely to make it an adjunct
of the superintendent of the folding-room, as it is
now, and not abolish the superior office and con-
tinue the inferior. That is the whole of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is time to lay
this bill aside and take up the special order; but if
there is any time left, I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and will say something further upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has now expired, and the special order is before
the Senate.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. A bill has come back from the
House of Representatives this morning, amended.
I should like to have those amendments consid-
ered now. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be done
by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to yield for a moment in oider that we may
act on certain amendments of the House to a Sun-
ate bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House to the
bill (S. No. 107) authorizing an increase of the
clerical force in the War and Navy Departments.
The first amendment of the House was, in lines
five and six of the bill to strike out the words, "in
the office of the AdjutantGeneral, eighteen clerks
of class one," and to insert m lieu thereof:
In the Adjutant General V office, eighteen eleiks to be clas-
sified by the Adjutant Geneial so that the aggregate compen-
sation lor the eighteen cieiks s>halJ not exceed $21,600.
Mr. WILSON. I will not detain the Senate a
moment on tlj.is question. I will simply say that,
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. [
Grimes,] the original bill was amended so as to \
provide that the clerks added to the War Depart- j
ment should be of the first class, at a salary of |
$1,200. In the Adjutant General's office there j
weie to be eighteen of those cleiks at $1,200, J
which amounts, 1 think, to £>21,GOO. I hope tins j
amendment of the House will not be concurred |
in, because it is inconsistent with f he existing laws J
on the subject. If it is adopted, we cannotclassify j
the clerks'. The bill, as passed by the Senate, |
would place these first-class clerks at a salary of
$1,200 each. The House propose to authorize
the Adjutant General to classify them, but the
aggregate amount of their compensation is not to
be increased. It will make, as suggested by the
Senator from Vermont, a new law on the subject
—ail unknown class of clerks not recognized by
law. I therefore move that the Senate non-concur
in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the House was to strike
out the second section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further .enacted^ That the chief clerk
of the War Department may be appointed disbursing ayeut
of the Department, and may icceive the salaiy affiled to
that office by the act of Maicli, 18,33, in addition to his pay
as said chief clerk.
•Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will concur
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
PROPOSED EXPULSION Ofe ME. BRIGHT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution submitted by Mr. Wilkin-
son on the 16th of December last, and which had
been reported upon adversely by the Committee
on the judiciary:
Whereas, Hon. Jesse D. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day ofMaich, 1801, wrote a letter, of which the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas. lie visits
your capital mainly to dispose of what lie regaids a great
improvement in fire-aims. 1 lecomincnd him to your fa-
voiablc consideration as a gentleman of tiie first icspecta-
bihtv, and reliable in every respect.
Vciy truly, yours, JESSR D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
And whereas we believe the f-aid letter is evidence of dis-
loyalty to the United State?, and is calculatcd to give aid
and comfort to the public enemies: Theiefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Jcsse D. Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been struck
with one fact m relation to the great existing re-
bellion: that those who inaugurated it, and those
who are chiefly instrumental in carrying it on, and
all their sympathizers in any degree whatever, do
not regard it as a crime. Sir, murder is an enormous
crime; highway robbery is a heinous crime; burg-
lary is a crime of a deep dye; and yet^l the law-
givers that have ever written on the subject of
crime have denounced treason as the greatest of
all crimes. All other crimes strike at the life or
the property of individuals, but treason strikes at
the life of the nation. Treason involves not an
individual or individuals in its consequences, but
it involves a large number of society; not only
strong man, but helpless woman and children.
The appendages of treason, in their ex tent, in their
turpitude, in their enormity, in the harrowing an-
guish which they bring upon society at large, are
infinitely beyond any of the other crimes that are.
condemned by law; and yet, sir, the men who are
now engaged in fighting this great battle of trea-
son, and all their votaries and sympathizers, seem
wholly unimpressed by the idea of any turpitude
or of any guilt. On the contrary, they boldly con-
front an honest man, who is faithful to his country
arjd to his obligations to that country, as himself
a culprit, and assume to themselves the port and
bearing of martyrs to liberty.
Sir, this is all wrong. The audacious boldness
with which the men involved in this crime have
confronted it, and the firmness and hardihood with
which they endeavor to beat back not only pun-
ishment but accusations and criminations for their
position and their actions, have given them an im-
munity to which they are notcnti tied,and of which
they ought to be stripped. The Government of
the United States itself has been somewhat im-
pressed by this position and poit of the traitors.
It has dealt with too much leniency to them. There
has not been sufficient punishment, in the form of
execution, of those who are its principal and-pri-
mary actors. The country itself also has been
derelict: in this respect. Roth the Government and
the people, the law and the administrators of the
law, and public opinion, ought to teach these men
that they are guilty of crime, and crime of the
deepest dye. Their acts ought to be abhorred as
crimes, and they themselves ou^ht to be abhorred
and excommunicated from honorable and decent
society and faithful and true men, as the vilest
culpiits of this or of any other age.
Mr. President, was Benedict Arnold a traitor*
Was Aaron Burr regarded as a traitor? Were
they in their day and in their generation avoided
and eschewed as traitors whose presence and
whose society contaminated a pure and virtuous
man and patriot? Suppose the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana had been a cotemporaiy with
Benedict Arnold, and that, after he had sought to
betray his country, and the arms of his country,
by surrendering a post of which he wa4* the com-
mander—West Point—to the British general,
and after he had "been detected in this treasdn, and
had fled to the Vulture for refuge and safety, the
honorable Senator had addressed to Benedict Ar-
nold such a letter as he addressed to Jefferson
Davis, what would have been thought in that day
of purity, patriotism, and worth, of bis conduct?
Suppose he had been a member of the Continental
Congress at that day, and being a member of that
Continental Congress, had addressed such a let-
ter as he has read on this occasion to Benedict
Arnold, and there had been a proposition in that
august body to examine into his conduct, and that
examination had resulted in fixing upon him as
clearly and as incontrovertible that he had ad-
dressed such a letter to Benedict Arnold as it is
here proven he sent to Jefferson Davis, what
would have been the judgment of that Continental
Congress? Why, sir, in the strength, virtue,and
manliness of the men who composed that Con-
gress, they would have purified that body by ex-
pelling him from it, and the body never would
have been purified short of such a purgation.
I ask you, sir, was Jefferson Davis, at the date
of this letter, less a traitor than Benedict Arnold
was? Was not Aaron Burr infinitely and unspeak-
ably less a traitor than Jefferson Davis at the date
of this letter in March last? A Senator in Con-
gress from the State of Ohio was charged with be-
ing on too friendly and in too intimate relations
with Aaron Burr; the Senate of the United States
of America made it the subject of investigation;
the investigation resulted in leaving the matterof t
fact somewhat in doubt, and yet the vote in that
body on the expulsion of Smith was as 19 to 10.
In 1806 Aaron Burr passed down the Ohio river
by Blennerhassett's Island, made classic by the
vivid eloquence of a Wirt, lie came to Kentucky.
He passpd on to the Hermitage. In Kentucky he
was apprehended and charged with treason. He
engaged Mr. Clay to defend him. Mr. Clay un-
dertook that professional engagement, and Burr
had the address to impose upon Mr. Clay the be-
lief that he was innocent of any criminal intent as
to his'country, or as to the peace and neutrality
of his country, and Mr. Clay extended to him his
courtesy and his hospitality. But when it after-
wards transpired that Burr was guilty of impioper
conduct, at least, rtiat rendered him highly culpa-
ble, if not, in fact, guilty of treason, Mr. Clay re-
sented the duplicity and the falsehood of Burr by
cutting his acquaintance, and scorned the man
ever afterwards, and refused to have any social
intercourse with him. Burr met Mr. Clay, and
with all that imposing and affable and courteous
manner that characterized that not great hut re-
markable man, sought to reestablish friendly rela-
tions with him, but Mr. Clay coldly turned his
back upon him,and scorned to address him a word.
If those men were traitors, what is Jefferson
Davis now? What was he in March, 1861, the
dare of thatletter? Had he not announced in this
Chamber his purpose to abandon his country and
his Government, and to seek to reestablish, upon
its partial ruin at least, another and an alien and
a hostile government? Had he not been elected
the chief executive magistrate of that hostile and
independent government that was established
upon the ruin of neatly one half of the confederate
States of this Union? Suppose that Jefferson
Davis and the Senator from Indiana had lived in
the days of Boned let Arnold, or in the day and
generation of Aaron Burr, and that the same course
of conduct was pursued by them; that the Sena-
tor from Indiana refused to vote anything to put
down treason, to crush out the rebellion, to sub-
jugate those men to obedience to the Constitution
and law; that he had written a letter to Jefferson
Davis, and one afterwards approving of its .senti-
ments, in which he avowed bis opposition to all
the coercion by which this great rebellion was
?ou°"ht to be subjugated; and thai when he was
under trial before the Senate at that day, on these
charges, for these opinions and this line of con-
duct7he had risen and in substance reiterated his
determination to take no part as a member of the
Senate m pitting down the lebeliion; what would
the virtuous and independent Senate of that day
have thought, and how would they have judged
of his conduct'
Mr. President, the gentleman has avowed that
he formed hisopinionsdehberately yearsago,and
that he still adheres to them. He gave expres-
sion to the feelings and sympathies of his heart
