448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23.
in that remarkable letter of March last to Jeffer-
son Davis. He comes into the Senate Chamber
day after day as a member of the body, sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States; and
every measure and every appropriation of money
that is proposed for the purpose of putting down-
that rebellion he either votes against or does not
vote for, and he proposes no measure to bring
about the same result, reducing of the insurgents
to obedience to the Constitutionand the laws. He
declares, after a full and mature review of all his
principles andconduct, that he can no more change
his principles—and I.suppose his line of conduct
based on those principles—than the Ethiopian
can change his skin; and those principles are in
direct war with the opinions and principles of the
great mass of the people whom he represents, and
in direct hostility to the continuance of thisUnion,
to its reconstruction, to the perpetuity of our Gov-
ernment, and to the subjugation of the rebellion.
Under such circumstances, itseems to me that, as
a true man, adhering to those principles, he ought
voluntarily to have retired from this body. Not
having done so, it seems to me to be the impera-
tive duty of this body to expel him from it. 1
cannot for the life of me see how the Senate, in
the performance of its own duty to the Govern-
ment, to the country, to their oaths, and to man-
kind, can do less than expel that gentleman from
his seat in this body as a Senator.
Mr. President, I pass to another topic. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] chose
to introduce the subject of slavery into his argu-
ment. I regret that he thought it necessary to do
so; but upon that point he, and not I, is the judge.
Sir, in this hour of our country's great need, when
she wants and requires every true Union man,
every loyal son and daughter to unite all their
energies and all their forces to save her from dis-
solution, I had hoped that when the Congress
of the United States got together, in this awful
moment, at least, the voice of party and of fac-
tion would be hushed; that no topic calculated to
produce division among the friends of the Gov-
ernment and the Union and the country would be
introduced into either House of Congress, if it
could be possibly avoided. I had hoped, at any
rate, that the raven cry of slavery, during this
travail of the Government, would not be heard in
either House of Congress. 1 was pained, im-
measurably pained, wnen I heard that the domi-
nating party in the country and in the two Houses
of Congress on meeting here together did not in-
vite, frankly and openly, in the presence of heaven
and earth, the cooperation of all Union men who
were willing to put down this rebellion, and say
to them: " Now, in this, the greatest need of our
Government and our country, let all questions
that divide us be suspended; let us keep them out
of our deliberations; Jet us unite upon that ele-
vated and sublime platform (if I may use the
term) of undying devotion to the Union and the
country, upon which we can all meet, and let us
there consult and act and give all of our energies
to our country; let us mount above party and
above faction; let us rise to a purer atmosphere;
let us evoke the inspiration of the Revolution and
of the founders of the Revolution; let us look to
the images of Washington and of the patriots of
the Revolution, and in the presence of the memo-
ries inspired by the pictures of these illustrious
and godlike men, let us banish everything calcu-
lated to produce division amongst us, and advance
as one man unitedly, heart and soul, mind and
reason, to give our counsels and all our exertions
to the deliverance of the country, and to put down
rapidly, effectually, and in such a manner that
another scene of the kind shall never arise, this
atrocious and most wicked icbcihon."
Sir, if that had been the course pursued here,
what a spectaclc the Congress of the United States
of America would then have exhibited to the world!
Oh! that the gentleman from Massachusetts, in-
stead of tanning the flame, and introducing here
from day to day petitions to usurp an unconsti-
tutional power for the purpose of manumitting the
slaves, had written to these men wl^o thus ad-
dressed him and urged him on, and said, " Peace j
for (he present; let this question, and all other j
questions of difference and discord among Union |
men sleep; we have enough to doto putdown the j
common foe, the great insurgent government; let I
us unite without any diversity of counsel or of I
purpose in this great and holy cau.se; and when j
that is disposed of effectually, and the Union is
reconstructed, and the country and Government
are at peace, then if you choose to address me on
the subject of slavery, send forward your peti-
tions."
I do not make these remarks for the purpose of
censure or condemnation. I only make them for
the purpose of expressing the reason of my own
head and the feelings of my own heart in relation
to this matter. The Senator assumed the broad
position that slavery was the cause of this rebel-
lion. I said yesterday, as I say to-day, in my
humble judgment it was one of the remote, and
not the greatest of the remote causes; it was not
the immediate or exciting cause at all; and I will
make a very few remarks, bearing, as I think,
upon that proposition, and establishing its truth.
I said yesterday that no slaveowner had any
cause to complain of the legislation of Congress.
There may be a solitary measure upon which there
might be a difference of opinion, but that measure
passed upwards of forty years ago, and was called
the Missouri compromise. What was theactionof
the party from the free States upon that memorable
occasion? Jt was this: that Missouri, having had
an enabling act passed to authorize her to frame
a constitution with a view to her admission as a
State into the Union, should not be admitted into
the Union unless she would submit by their dic-
tation to a clause in her constitution forever inter-
dicting slavery from the State. That position was
thought untenable then, I believe, by a nearly di-
vided Congress. They were the first debates of
Congress that I ever read, and I read them with
the freshness of interest in youth that I have never
since felt for any political reading. Among the
menibeis whose speeches I read, and I have not
read them from that day to this, was Mr. Van
Dyke, a Senator from Delaware, who made a
speech nq^jativing the constitutionality and policy
of that provision that was sought to be forced by
Congress upon the State of Missouri, as I thought
with an unanswerable power and truth of fact and
of logic. But, sir, that position has been aban-
doned. The statesmen who inaugurated it then
for the first time since the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, and who sought to enforce it upon Mis-
souri, have all abandoned it, and their scholars
and pupils who have learned statesmanship and
constitutional law in the same school have all
abandoned it; and now it is universally admitted,
with the exception of a few fanatical abolitionists
in the North, that when a new State comes into
the Union she may come in as her people choose,
with or without slavery. That conclusion was
even then necessarily imparted in a power con-
ceded by all men at that day and ever since, that
when a State is admitted into the Union, either as
a slave or free State, and becomes a member of
the Confederacy, she has a perfect, indefeasible
right to changc her condition in that respect, and
to become a free from a slave State, or aslave State
from a free State.
Mr. President, I stated one or two general prin-
ciples yesterday in the opening of my remarks in
illustration of what I deemed to be the theory and
principles of our Government that now have their
application on this question, to some extent, in-
cidentally, upon all the great, grave, and vital
questions that now enlist the hcaitsand the reason
of the people of America, and aie of incalculable
importance. I stated that the Government of the
United States was one of delegated and limited
powers; that neither the Congress, nor the Pres-
ident, nor the judiciary department have a right
to exercise any power that is not specifically and
by letter delegated to the particular department
by the Constitution, or that does notarise as a
necessary and proper incidental power m carrying
into effect and operation one of the expressly enu-
merated powcis. The power of Congress is lim-
ited; the powei of the Executive is limited; the
power of the judiciary is limited. What execu-
tive power is vested in the President of the United
States by our Constitution? It is only that form,
that amount, and that nature of executive power
that is established and created by the Constitution
itself. Youcannotgo to any general and universal
law for the purpose of ascertaining by definition
and precise language what is and what is not ex-
ecutive power, because there is no conformity in
this respect among any of the Governments of the
earth. What is the executive power of the Grand
Turk? What is the executive power of the au-
tocrat of Russia ? What is the executive power
of the Emperor of Austria? What is the exec-
utive power of the Emperor Louis Napoleon?
What is the executive power of the Queen of
England ? What is the more moderate executive
power of the King of Sardinia, and the still more-
moderate executive power of the King of Belgium ?
They all differ not only in detail, but in substance
and in power. The proposition that the Execu-
tive of the United States of America, by the lan-
guage of the Constitution, is vested with a general
executive power defined, and whose powers are
ascertained by anything like general or national
law, is a paradox and an absurdity. 'Sir, when
you want to ascertain what executive power he
is clothed with, to measure it, to ascertain its na-
ture, and the extent to which it has been conferred
upon him, you must look to the Constitution;
and so far as the Constitution has not by language
vested him with executive power, and so far as
incidental executive power is not necessary to
carry into effect and operation the express exec-
utive power with which the Constitution has vested
him, lie has it not, and it would be usurpation on
his part to claim it.
Now, sir, under what authority does the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts derive his power
for Congress to pass laws to manumit slaves? I
admit that John Quincy Adams, who was one of
the ablest and most virtuous statesmen that this
country ever produced, on the general appropria-
tion bill of 1842 assumed that ground; but accord-
ing to my reading and my information, he is the
only American statesman that ever did, or ever
Jias, assumed it, except some of the statesmen of
the present day, who, I suppose, have adopted
the principle from his declaration of it at that time.
Mr. President, I knew Mr. Adams well. 1 was
honored with a portion of his friendship and re-
spect. I gave to him a large portion of mine. I
believed him to be a statesman of the highest order
of ability and of the greatest patriotism and purity.
It may be bold, and it may be even hardiness, in
me to attempt to express dissent from any position
of that importance deliberately announced by so
learned and so great a statesman; but, sir, the
reason of every man is the crucible to-which he
brings principle and truth. He passes principle
and truth through his own reason, and unless it
will pass through that crucible he rejects it, or he
ought to reject it, as a man of independent mind
and thought. 1 bring this position of Mr. Adams
to this crucible, and at any hazard of rashness, or
of impudence if you please, 1 dissent now, as I
dissented at that time (for I heard th6 speech)
from the truth of his principle; and I am willing
to bring it to the judgment and to the reason of the
Senate and of the nation.
These are bold words, sir; but I will endeavor,
in a short argument, to make them good. I will
piemise this remark in the mean time: If ever a
man desired and labored for the election of another
to the Presidency of the United States, in my young
manhood, I desired and labored for the election of
John Quincy Adams. The purity and the fru-
gality of his administration in this day of profli-
gacy and extravagance seem marvelous and in-
credible. In the four years that he administered
the Government, theaverage costofall the Depart-
ments of the Government was under§13,000,000.
He never removed but two men from office, and
they were removed for cause. He has assured me
so with his own lips. He never interfered in ap-
pointments to office, and he never desired the
appointment of but two men in office, and he got
neither of them appointed. He asked the appoint-
ment of a postmaster from Postmaster General
McLean, who was a Jackson Democrat, andwho
was known by that pure patriot, John Quincy
Adams, to be a Jackson Democrat, and yet John
Quincy Adams permitted him to retain the Post
Office Department, with all its powerful and con-
trolling patronage, for the four years of his admin-
istration, although lie refused to appoint a post-
master that he desired to be appointed.
Now, Mr. President, I will read a shortextract
from John Quincy Adams's speech on that occa-
sion. What did he say?
" I believe that so long; as the slave States are able to sus-
tain the institution without going abioad, or calling on other
part* ot the Union to aul them, or to act on the subject, so
long I will consent never to mteilere. I have&aul tin.-, and
I repeat it; hilt if they come to the free States, and s.ay to
them, you niUht help us to put down our slaves, you must
aid us m an insurrection and a civil war ; then 1 say with
