1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
holders here. I said that I did not believe we had
a right to give away without claim $1,000,000
from the public,'Treasury. I said, also, that I did
not think the condition of the Treasury justified
us in making any such appropriation. There are,
in my opinion, no obligations upon us to the par-
ties who claim to own these slaves, calling upon
us to appropriate any money to them. For that
reason, I proposed this amendment.
In the discussion which we have had, I do not
think any Senator has pretended that there was a
specific law for slavery here. It is true there was ;
a iaw for slavery in Maryland, but that law lim- ;
ited slavery; but if there had been a law for per-
petual slavery m Maryland, 1 do not know how
Congress could have extended that law over this
District. Surely, it requires the same constitu-
tional power to extend the statute of a State as it
does to enact that statute. If Congress could not
enact the statute, Congress could not extend it.
Hence, I have said that there was no law for sla-
very here; but as the couits have not decided that
question, the Senate have concluded to put it at
rest by abolishing slavery in the District. 1 think
that expedient and wise and just. I do not see
that abolishing it at once will work any great hard-
ship here, if the slave population of this Distuct
was larger than the white population, as is the
case in South Carolina and some other States, the
argument of the Senator from Indiana would have
force in it; but the slave population m this Dis-
trict has been so reduced as to be buta mere hand-
ful. The holders of slaves here are running them
out every day. I am told that two bundled a day
are taken away daily, for the fear that they will
in some way obtain their freedom. It has been
said, since the discussion opened, that there are
but fifteen hundred left to be paid for under the
provisions of this bill. I live in a State where sla-
very was abolished at once. When the clock
struck twelve on the 29th day of March of last
year, at midnight, every slave in our State passed
fiom a condition of slavery to fieedom. They all
Went to bed slaves, if, indeed, they had any beds,
and m the morning they got up and walked about
in God's own image—freemen. I did not see any
trouble arising from that.
Mr. SUMNER. How many were there, I
should like to ask the Senator?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am unable to say precisely
how many. I know the masters took care to run
off most of them, but I suppose there were some
hundieds left. Those whom I saw next morning,
when they had assumed the habiliments of free-
men, looked to me as if they had heard the whis-
pering of angels during the night; for they were
pleasant and joyous, and it seemed to me that
their new condition of freedom was altogether
preferable to that of slavery in which they had
before been. 1 do not apprehend any trouble here.
1 ottered this amendment to settle the account
between master and slave. If we are to give com-
pensation—and the Senate seem desirous to do
that—l say, in the name of common justice, why
not give the compensation where it is due. The
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collaher] said that
the Supreme Court had decided that negroes had
nn rights that white men were bound to icspect.
Do the Senate intend to enact that decision of the
couit? By giving compensation to the slave-
holders and dealing out not one dime to the men
who have spent then-lives in slavery and rendered
labor which has been unpaid for, I say that is re-
enacting the dogma that negroes base no rights
thai white men are bound to it-spect. I have pro-
vided in this amendment that this commission
shall weigh out justice. I am willing that the
master, although he had no claim for the services
of his slave, there having been in the beginning
no law for it, as he has had the benefit of this un-
paid labor, shall be compensated for all he has
spent for the education of the negro and for Ins
food and clothing; but I do insist that the slave
should have some remuneration for the labor he
has pet formed. I call the attention of Senators
to the fact that there are men here who have spent
forty years in slavery, and during all this time
have never had more than what was necessary to
support them; and now, at an advanced age, this
Senate proposes to turn them out without a dol-
lar. I insist upon it that we should weigh out
justice to these parties, that if there is anything
due it is due to him who has rendered service and
has received no compensation for it.
I know very well that the Constitution of the
United States tells us that fugitives should be re-
turned to the party to whom service or labor is
due. I now catch that very phrase and say that
we should pay the party to whom the pay may
be due. I do not know what is due to these slave-
holders. I came hereon the 12th day of last April
elected to this Senate, and the second night after
I got here I had to enlist as a common soldier, as
a private, in order to preserve this capital, and the
only loyal Union men I found on the street, resi-
dents of this District, were slaves or colored men.
I have never been in a city where, if the slaves
were out of it, there would be any difficulty about
there being a Union sentiment there. There would
have been no necessity for an armed force to pro-
tect this capital if there had never been any slaves
here. There is no lebellion where there is no sla-
very. The Senator from Virginia has very beau-
tifully said here that in his section of the State the
loyal sentiment is predominant, and they are earn-
est for the Union. That is very true; but it will
be remembered that in that portion of the State
the free population is largely m the majority; but
the other portion of the State, where there is a
preponderance of slave population, is as disloyal
as South Carolina to-day. What has rendered
that portion disloyal ? ft is the existence of this
institution in their midst.
As I have said, on the ]2th day of April last,
when 1 came heie, the only loyal residents here
that I could find were the colored men of this Dis-
trict, for as I passed by one of their churches on
thatevening I remember hearing—the sound com-
ing to me through the window—mostdevoutsup-
plication to God for the preservation and perpetu-
! ation of tins Government.
' Mr. President, if we propose to deal outany-
| thing like justice to these men in the District, 1
i insist that it be dealt out to those to whom the
i service and labor may be due; that in the compen-
| sation we propose to render, we shall settle fairly
i the account between the masters and the slaves.
| I do not intend to embanass the passage of thi*
j bill. I desire it to pass, and it was on that ac-
S count that I introduced this amendment. I think
it eminently just, and 1 indicate now that I pro-
: pose for my own action to vote for the amend-
! ment.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to dis-
| cuss the question of the pending amendment, or
1 to consider the main question at any considera-
! bie length; but, sir, as I presented yesterday the
! resolutions of my State on this subject and the
| subject also of the resolution which was sent us
' by the Piesident, I deem it my duty to say a few
| words with refeience to both those points, if the
| Senate will excuse me in speaking of both on the
I proposition now pending, in order to save myself
j the trouble of speaking again, and the Senate the
| pain of listening to me again upon either of the
I questions referied to m the resolutions, and now
! before the Senate.
i The resolves from my State which I laid on the
I tabic yestei day, approve the resolution undercon-
sideration m the Senate, winch emanated from the
President, tendering aid to such States as might
see fit to initiate the policy of abolishing slavery
ij in those States. The Legislature of Maine ap-
prove it, and express the willingness of the peo-
ple of Maine to be taxed for that purpose. That
resolution of the Legislature relieves me, if I had
any difficulty at all on the subject, of any question
that nught arise with regard to the propriety of
a Senator oi a Representative from the State of
Maine voting affirmatively upon a resolution which
proposes to pay money to the States for their use
if they should see fit to initiate a measure of that
description. They are a very much more com-
petent authority to decide upon that question than
their Senators and Representatives in Congress,
and it seems they have decided upon it.
Now, sn, there have been two questions raised
with reference to that proposition, and if the Sen-
ate will excuse me, J wish to say a word or two
unon that proposition before pioceeding to the
measure now under consideration. One is the
constitutional power of Congress to vote money
for that purpose, and the other is in regard to its
propriety. As to the constitutional power,_I think
, it is too early to discuss that question. The res-
I olution proposes nothing but an expression of
I opinion on the pait of the Congress of the United
! States that the United States ought in a certain
contingency, provided the people of any State
should see fit to initiate this policy of abolishing
slavery, to aid them in so doing to a certain or
reasonable extent. It does not even say that it
will be the duty of Congress to vote that money,
but that it would be the duty of the United States
to extend that aid. My constituents have declared
that they coincided in that sentiment. It is very,
obvious that whether Congress now possesses the"
power or not, if the people of the United States
should be of opinion that it is their duty, they
can very easily put Congress in such a position
as to carry out their will. Therefore, sir, voting
simply that it is the duty of the United States to
do it involves no constitutional question whatever
with reference to the power of Congress. Sena-
tors will see that very easily by looking at the
terms of the resolution itself. Even if it should,
there would be no very particular difficulty about
it, because the matter would be left for after con-
sideration. It is a mere expression of opinion.
It is holding out a helping hand, or showing a
disposition to hold out a helping hand to the people
of any slave State which might see fit of itself to
initiate a policy of the kind referred to.
I mighthave had some doubt, perhaps, whether,
as a Senator sent here at a time when this ques-
tion had not been considered atall—a Senator rep-
resenting the State of Maine—I was authorized,
even indiicctly, to pledge that people to a policy
of this description, involving an expenditure of
money; but, sir, the people themselves, through
their representatives, their Legislature, have taken
that question out of my hands, and advised me
that u would be the disposition and will of the
people of Maine so to act. 1 am satisfied with that
decision. I had little doubt with regard to the
matter of that resolution before receiving this au-
thoritative exposition of the opinions of the peo-
ple I represent, and I should probably have voted
for the resolution, believing it to be sensible and
wise in its terms and in its meaning, even if 1 had
not received, not the instructions, but the advice
that I have received on the subject.
Now, sir, let me ask honorable Senators who
represent slave States here, what objection can bo
taken to it? Is it an insult to you? Does it pro-
pose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with your
authority upon your own soil ? Does it claim for
the Congress of the United States, or for the peo-
ple of the United States as a whole, the right, in
any way, directly or indirectly, to interfere with
your constitutional privileges, or your domestic
institutions, as a matter of legislation? Notatall;
you cannot pretend that. Is it anything more or
less than saying to you that, if you choose to act
in a given direction, and you find yourselves in-
volved in pecuniary difficulties in consequenceof
that action too great for you to bear, it is the opin-
ion of the people of the fiee States that, under the
circumstances, as brethren connected with you by
the tie of a common country, and not suffering
under the burden which you bear, and as this
measure is for the general good,as we have always
contended, we think it no more than right that we
should bear a part of the burden? Is that an in-
sult to you in any way? Is it an injury to you?
Is it, m the slightest possible degree, breaking our
pledge that we will not interfere with slavery in
the States of the Union ? You can hardly so pre-
tend it.
What, then, is the argument? It is this, as I
understand it: u the result is that you get up two
parties m our States. You encourage a party in
favor of abolishing slavery; you hold out a helping
hand to such as live among us who may believe
it is an evil, and desire to initiate steps by which
it may be destroyed." Well, sir, I reply to you
frankly, if that is to be the effectsu much the better.
I hold myself restrained by no law of any kind or
descuption from sayingto such of your people, if
any there are, who desire to initiate a policy of
that description and to accomplish that purpose,
that to that end and to that effect I am with them.
I believe it to be a great measure; one which would
tend strongly to the elevation of the people of this
country in more particulars than one. i hold that
the institution is injurious to you. I have a right
to that opinion. 1 hold that while it exists among
you, and to so large an extent as it does, it is in-
jurious to the people of the country; it is injurious
to us as a nation, it weakens our force, it creates
discords, it has produced rebellion and war, and,
therefore, if there is any portion of your people
