1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eral-in-chief himself embarked. Soon after he
sailed it came to the knowledge of the committee
on the conduct of the war that the capital, witMls
vast accumulation of material of war, had beeff
left by General McCIellan virtually without de-
fense, and the enemy's whole force, large or small,
was untouched in front. The committee imme-
diate y summoned General Wards worth, the com-
mandmggeneral and military governor of the Dis-
uPon oath, made part of his testimony
the following statement to the Secretary of War:
Headquarters Military District of Washington,
Washington, D. C.3 April 2, 1862.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following condensed
statement of the forces under my command for the defenses
of Washington:
Infanfty   333
Artillery 4^94
Cavalry (six companies not mounted) !! '§48
. . 20,477
Deduct sick and in arrest and confinement  1,455
Total present for duty..  19,022
I have no mounted light artillery under my command.
Several companies of the reserve artillery of the Potomac
are still here, but not under my command or fit for service.
Of this force I am ordered by General McCIellan to detail
two regiments (good ones) to join Xlichardson's division
(Sumner's corps) as it passes through Alexandria; one regi-
ment to replace the thirty-seventh New York volunteers in
Heintzehnan's old division, and one regiment to relieve a
regiment of Hooker's division at Budd's Ferry: total, four
regiments. '
t am further ordered this morning by telegraph to send
four thousand men to relieve General Sumner at Manassas
* and Warrenton, that he may embark forthwith.
In regard to the character and efficiency of the troops
under my command, [ have to state that nearly all the force
is new and imperfectly disciplined; that several ol the reg-
iments are in a very disorganized condition from various
causes which it is not necessary to state here. Several reg-
iments having been relieved from brigades which have gone
into the field, inconsequcnce of their unfitness for service,
the best regiments remaining have been selected to take
their place.
Two heavy artillery regiments and one infanlry regi-
ment, which had been dulled lor some months in artillery
service, have been withdrawn from the foits on the south
side of the Potomac, and i have only been able to fill their
place with very new infantry regiments, entfiely unac-
quainted with the duties of that arm, and of little or no
value in their present position.
I am not infuinied as to the position which Major Gen-
eral Banks is directed to take, but at this time he is, a3 I
understand, on the other side of the Bull Itun mountains,
leaving my command to cover the front from Manassas Gap
(about twenty miles beyond Manassas) to Acquia Creek.
I deem it- my duty to state, that looking at the numerical
strength and character of the force under my command, it
is in iny judgment entirely inadequate to and unfit for tiie
important duty to which it is assigned. I regard it very im-
probable that the enemy will assail us at this point; but this
belief is based upon the hope that they may be promptly en-
gaged elsewhere, and may not learn the number and char-
acter of the force left here.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
JAMES S. WADSWORTH,
Brigadier General and Military Governor,
Hon. Secretary op War.
Well, sir, I will here state that no man has a
higher regard fot General Wadsworth than my-
self. Iknowhim well,andesteemhim highly; but
I must be permitted to say that his soldierly sim-
plicity exceeds belief. His only hope of impunity
from attack is that the enemy will not know his
force, and will speedily be engaged elsewhere. By
whom and where? Not certainly by the army
under McCIellan, for-he had already learned that
McCIellan never attacked. By whom and where?
I again ask. General Wadsworth must answer.
One hundred and twenty thousand men were
landed at Fortress Monroe, and sat down before
Yorktown under General McCIellan, while the
enemy at that time did not reach ten thousand men.
Instantly General McCIellan began to telegraph
for reinforcements, and continued to telegraph up
to the day he was attacked by the rebels. The
country has been deceived as to McCUelian's force;
has been led to believe it was inadequate. John
Tucker, Assistant Secretary of War, procured
transportation and superintended the shipment of
all the troops and reinforcements. He testifies as
follows:
" Question. What is your position under the Government?
" Answer. I am Assistant Secretary of War.
" Question. Do you know anything about the transporta-
tion of troops to Yorktown and the peninsula?
" Answer. I do. I attended to the embarkation of those
troops..
u Question. Of the whole of them?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Can you state what number of troops were
first embaiked for that place?
" Answer. Prior to the 5th of April, as I know from the
statements made to mc by the quartermasters who were at- i
3391
tending to" the details, there were one hundred and twenty-
one thousand five hundred men.
" Question. That was before General Franklin's division
was ordered there ?
^Answer. Yes,sir. ShortlyafterthatFranklin'sdivision
was shipped; it numbered twelve thousand men. About the
1st of J une McCall's division was sent down theie; it con-
sisted often thousand men. And about the same time, from
Baltimore and Fort Monroe there were sent eleven thousand
men ; and the last of June apartofShields'sdivision were
shipped. I did not superintend that, butlam informed there
were about five thousand of them.
'• Question. You superintended the shipment of all the
troops bift those from General Shields* division?
"Answer. .Yes, sir.
" Question. Does that comprise all that has been sent to
General McCIellan since he landed there?
" Answer. That is all that I know of.
" Question. That includes the number sent by Generals
Wool and Dix?
" Answer. Yes, sir. That-makes one hundred and fifty
thousand men in all.
" Question. Do you know of any other forces at the dis-
posal of the Government that could have been spared for
his assistance?
" Answer. I do not.
" Question. Were there reasons why General McDow-
ell's forces could not be sent ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. The President deemed them essen-
tial for the protection of Washington.
" Question. And that force was none too strong for the
defense of this place?
" Answer. It was so regarded.
" Question. Have you any personal knowledge of the
state of the roads and the condition of the country on the
peninsula when General McCIellan first took his army
there?
" Answer, Early in April I visited the headquarters of
General McCIellan, and found the roads totally impassable
for the transpoi tat ion of artillery and almost so for supplies.
On my arrival at General McClellan's headquarters, I was
informed that he was sending his cavalry back to the river,
because it was impossible for him to transpoi t forage to sus-
tain ihern. As an evidence of the condition of the roads
from Ship Point to his headquarters, I was myself eight
hours going seven miles on horseback."
This testimony is so importantthatl have deemed
itabsolutely requisite that the country should have
it. The country has been deceived. It has been
led to believe that the Secretary of War or some-
body else has interfered with General McCIellan }s
plans, when lie had an army that could have crushed
any other army on the face of the earth. One hun-
dred and fifty-eight thousand of the best troops
that ever stood on God's footstool were sent down
to the peninsula and placed under command of
General McCIellan; and yet the whole treasonable
press of the country has been howling after the
Secretary of War because of his alleged refusal to
send reinforcements to General McCIellan. As I
said the other day, he has sent every man, every
saber, every bayonet, every horse, that could be
spared from any source whatever to increase that
grand army under General McCIellan in front of
Richmond. Whydid henotenterRichmond? We
shall see. General McDowell's force was notsent
down because it was deemed necessary to protect
the capital and its vast accumulation of military
stores. Although the President and Secretary of
War would have been justified in holding the
whole of that force, General Franklin's division
was taken from it and shipped to the peninsula
at General McClellan's most urgent solicitation,
and it was his urgent cry for reinforcements that
broughtShieldsdown to unite with McDowell, and
thus united, those two columns were to march upon
Richmond and still further reinforce and aid Gen-
eral McCIellan. As to the manner in which Gen-
eral McCIellan has been treated by the War De-
partment, I will present the testimony of the
Quartermaster General. General M. C. Meigs
testifies as follows, among other things:
" Question. Will you give, if you have no objection, an
approximate estimate of the number of troops sent to Gen-
eral McCIellan before the late battles near Richmond?
"Answer. In doing so, I shall have also to give the
grounds i'or my opinion. 1 was called upon to provide trans-
portation for about one hundred and ten thousand men, with
their artilleiy, horses, baggage, provisions, &c. I am in-
formed by Mi. Tucker, Assistant tfecretaiy of War, who
negotiated the most of the charters of vessels at the first
staitmg, that he made up an estimate just after they sailed,
by which it appeared that about one hundred and twenty-
three thousand men, I think; two hundred and seventeen
thousand horses; eighteen hundred wagons; and forty-four
batteries of artillery, had been flipped for the peninsula,
f do not understand that Franklin's division was included
in that enumeration. Since then. Franklin'^division, which
must have been ten or twelve thousand strong,and McCall's
division, nearly eleven thousand strong, have been sent
down there. Certain troops have bcf*n obtained from For-
tress Monroe and Norfolk, being drilled troops, and replaced
by newer ones Irom here, Baltimoie, and ehewheie. The
number of those I could hardly guess at. I should suppose
they were about eight or ten thousand men; and about
eleven thousand men since these late battles, have been sent
from Alexandria; they were a part ofShiclds's division, and
some regiment'? that were taken from here, f have esti-
mated roughly that that would make a total of about one
hundred and sixty thousand men, from first to last, trans-
ported to the peninsula. Wc have sent more wagons sincc
—a considerable number; and General Van VIJet,who was
nere the other da*y,and was chief quartermaster of the pen-
insula, told mc that there were about three thousand wag-
ons now in camp at Harrison's Point. We have sent horses
down, from time to time, to replace those that died or were
broken down and killed.
"Question. Have you had the means of knowingwhether
the Government has had it in its power to send more rein-
forcements to General McCIellan than it has since his land-
ing on the peninsula ?
"Answer. I do not think the Government could have
safely sent,from any troops within its reach here,anvcon-
siderablc reinforcements to General McCIellan beyond what
it has already sent. A few hundred men, more or less, would
amount to nothing. The only way, it appears to me, in
which the Government could have done so, was to have
called for more troops, raised them, organized them, drilled
them, and made them fit to go there; for raw troops are of
no use." * * * * * * * *'
" Question. Will you state to the committee if, In your
estimation, everything required by General McCIellan of
the Government has been promptly sent to him?
" Answer. 1 think so. I know the Government has de-
sired to do it. in my own depaitinent, I have endeavored
to supply everything called for; and J have no doubt that
Ips be.en done in all the other departments."
X present this testimony now partly because we
have not yet had an answer to the resolution of
the Senate asking for information as to the num-
ber of men shipped to the peninsula. It is not for
me, sir, to state the strength of McClellan'sarmy
at this time; but 1 know it is one hundred and
fifty-eight thousand men, less the number lost by
sickness and casualties. Does any man doubt that
this army, ably handled, was sufficiently strong
to have captured Richmond and crushed the rebel
army? I think not,if promptly led'against the en-
emy; butinstead of that, it sat down in malarious
swamps and awaited the drafting, arming, drill-
ing, and making soldiers of an army to fight it,
and in the mean time our own army was rap-
idly wasting away. Unwholesome water, inad-
equate food, over-work, and sleeping in marshes,
were rapidly filling the hospitals, and overloading
the return boats with the sick. Sir, we have lost
more men by the spade than the bullet, five to one,
since the army started from Yorktown under Mc-
CIellan. Had the soldiers been relieved from dig-
ging and menial labor by the substitution of negro
laborers, the army of the Potomac would to-day,
in my estimation, contain thirty thousand more
brave and efficient soldiers than it does. Iiad it
been relieved from guarding the property of reb-
els in arms, many valuable lives would have been
saved. Yorktown was evacuated after a sacrifice
of more men by sickness than the enemy had in
their works when our army landed at Fortress
Monroe. The battle of Williamsburg was fought
by a small fraction of our army, and the enemy
routed. During; the battle, Geneial McCIellan
wrote the following dispatch, miles from the field
of battle:
(Received at War Department, at 13.20 p. in., May 6.)
Bivouac in Front ok Williamsburg,
May 5, 10 p. m.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
After arranging for the movements up the York river, f
was urgently sent for here. I find Joe Johnson in fiont of
me in strong force, probably greater a good df.il than my
own. Hancock has taken two redoubts and repulsed
Early's brigade by a real charge with the bayonot, taking
one colonel and a hundred and fifty prisoners, killing at
least two colonels and many private?. His conduct was
brilliant m the extreme. I do not know our exact lo_j, but
fear Hooker has lost considerably on our left. I learn fiom
prisoners that they intend disputing every step to Rich-
mond. I shall run the risk of at least holding them ut check
here, while I resume the original plan.
My entire force is undoubtedly considerably inferior to
that of the rebels, who will fight well; but I will do all lean
with the force at my disposal.
G. B. McCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding.
He would try to " hold them in check !" He
could not hold them. He could not stop his eager
troops from chasing them. After a small fraction
of his army had whipped their entire force and
had been chasing them for hours, he penned that
dispatch and sent it to the Secretaiy of War, and,
if I remember aright, it was read in one of the two
Houses of Congress. As you may suppose from
that dispatch, there was no greateagerness in fol-
lowing up that victory. Three Michigan regi-
ments were not only decimated, they were divided
in twain, in that bloody battle at Williamsburg.
They fought there all day withoutreinforcements.
One Michigan regiment went into the trenches and
left sixty-three dead rebels, killed by the bayonet,
weltering in their blood. But who has ever heard,
by any official communication from the head of the
