2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
£
, Mr; JLOYEJOY. I think it a very question-
able policy to continue or extend the timeof these
donations. They are simply donations. The Gov-
ernment gets nothing in return. If the company
has failed to build the road up to so near a period
of the time when the limitation expires, I doubt
whether we ought to renew the grants or extend
the time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
is mistaken if he thinks that on this road the Gov-
ernment has built any of the bridges destroyed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no road at all there,
if 1 am not mistaken.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
is mistaken. There is a road there, and one of
great importance. It was over it that our army
passed for one hundred and thirteen miles, from
the city of St. Louis. When the gentleman went
to Springfield he passed over the other road.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not think, Mr. Speaker,
that the argument of the gentleman from Illinois
against the extension of these land grants pos-
sesses much force. The policy of these grants to
aid in building railroads, I believe to be a good
one. I do not think that there can be any doubt
about its wisdom. If it be good policy to make
new grants to railroads, it is certainly good policy
to extend those already made when the roads,
from various circumstances, have not yet been
completed.. The fact that many of the railroads
of the country have not complied with what we
believe to be the requisitions of their charters in
regard to the transportation of mails and muni-
tions of war for the Government, should not, I
think, be made an objection to making further
grants for like purposes. I understand that all the
alternate sections are sold at double the minimum
■rice which the Government receives for its pub-
ic lands. If we get 50 an acre for these al-
ternate sections, we get all that wc would if the
whole had been sold at the minimum price. I
think, therefore, that the aigumentaddueed by the
gentleman from Illinois has really no foice in it,
and that there arc good reasons why the time
should bo extended for the completion of this rail-
road .
Mr. POTTER. All that I have to say is that
after the committee had examined the matter thor-
oughly they came to the unanimous conclusion
that it is right and proper the time should be
extended to this company. I suggest that there
should bo a verbal amendment to tiie biil, to make
it read "June, 1862," instead of" June next."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PFTTER. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time-, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. P UK LPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES BILL.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, repoi ted back House bill No. 138, donating
public lands to the several States and Territories
that may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts, with a recommend-
ation that it du not pass; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. POTTER. T am also instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back House
bill No. 422, to quiet land titles m the State of
California. At the request of the delegation from
California, I move that it be made a special order
for "Wednesday next.
Mi .WASH BUR NE. I object to its being made
a special oidcr. 1 have no objection to its being
postponed.
Mr. PHELPS, ofCalifo rnia. Is it in order to
move to put the bill on its passage ?
X he SPEAKER. The bill is before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that I have
been spoken to by some parties in this city in re-
lation to the provisions of the bill. My attention
has been called to it, and it has been represented
to me that there are serious objections to its pas-
sage. I therefore desire that it shall take its regu-
lar course, and go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I have never read the
bill myself. I do not know in what way it is
objectionable, but I am told that it is regarded as
objectionable by persons whose interests are af-
fected by it.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw the motion to make
it a special order, and I move that its'further con-
sideration be postponed till next Thursday, and
that the bilhbe printed.
It was so ordered.
COLORADO LAND OFFICE.
Mr. POTTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back, with amend-
ments, Senate bill No. 272, to establish a land
officc in Colorado Territory.
The bill was read. It subjects all the lands to
which the Indian title has been or shall be extin-
guished within the Territory of Colorado to the
operations of the preemption act of September 4,
1841, and under the conditions, restrictions, and
stipulations therein mentioned; provided, that
when unsurveyed lands are claimed by preemp-
tion, notice of the specific tracts claimed shall be
filed within six months after the survey has been
made in the field; and on failure to file such notice,
or to pay for the tract claimed, before the day fixed
for the public sale of the lands by the proclamation
of the President of the United States, the parties
claiming such lands shall forfeit all right thereto,
provided said notices may be filed with the sur-
veyor general, and to be noted by him on the town-
ship plats, until other arrangements have been
made by law for that purpose.
The second section provides that the public
lands within the Territory of Coloiado to which
the Indian title is or shall be extinguished'shall
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Denver district; and authorizes the President to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a register and receiver of public moneys
for said district, who shall be required to reside
at the place at which said office shall be located,
and they shall have the same powers, perform the
same duties, and'be entitled to the same compen-
sation as are or may be prescribed by law in re-
lation to land ofilces of the United States in the
State of Kansas.
The following amendments were reported by
the Committee on Public Lands:
Section ouo, after the word " lands" in line three, inseit
the word-* " l>< longing to lite United States."
Line tour, stuke out the words " within the Territory of
Coloiado.,s
Lines twelve and thirteen, strike out the wonls " before
the day fixed tor the public sale of the lands by the procla-
mation of the Pte^ident ot the United States},and niaeit
in lieu thereof the words "witlun twelve months from the
filing of such notice."
Section two, line five, strike out the word "Denver,"
and mscit the w ml Colorado."
Add the following as a new section :
Sue. 3. JJndbcti jurther enacted, That an act entitled
" An act to giaduato the price of the public lands to actual
settleis and cultivator," be and is hereby repealed.
The bill as proposed to be amended will read:
Be it cnacted, That all the lands belonging to the
United State-< to which the Indian title has been oi >hall be
extinguished shall lie subject to the operations of the pre-
emption act of the 4th oi September, 1841, and under the con-
ditions reMuetions, and stipulations therein mentioned*
Provided Jiou ever, That when unsurveyed lands are claimed
by pieeinption, notice of the specific tracts claimed Mm!!
be filed within bix months after the Purvey has been made
in the field; and on failure to file Mich notice, ot to pay (or
tin' tiactelaimed within twelve months 1mm the filing of
such notice, the paities claiming such lands shall i'oi feit ail
rieht theiero, provided said notices may be filed with the
Mtivcyoi general, ami to be noted bv him on the township
plats, until other ariangemenls have been madu b> law for
that purpos-e.
See. 2. Jlml he it. further enacted, Thar the public lands
wuhm the Territoiy of Coloiado to which the Indian title
h or s-hall be extinguished snail con*titut£a new land div.
tuct. to be called the Coloiado district; and the Piesident
hciebv authonged to appoint, by and witii the advice and
content of the Senate, a register and receivei of public
moneys forsaid district, who j i>all be icquned to reside at
the place at winch ^aid office shall be located, and thev
•-hall haw the >ame puwei*, peifhnn the same duties, and
be entitled to the same compensation as aie or may be pie-
scribed bv law in lelauon to land offices ot the United States
in the State of K<u^a«.
Si:c. 3. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That an act entitled
'• An act to graduate the puce of the public lands to actual
beitleia and cultivator,be and is hereby repealed.
The amendments of the committee wereagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to amend the title by add-
ing " and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was agreed to.
BOUNTY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. Stevens, by unanimous con-
sent, House bill No. 413, making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled "An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in enfor-
cing the laws and in protecting public property,"
approved July 22, 1861, and for other purposes,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have agreed to the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
185) to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
ofthe public lands of the United States.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. POTTER moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn until Monday next.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask the con-
sent of the House to take up and put on its pas-
sage House bill No. 432.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the Judiciary Committee for
reports.
CALIFORNIA MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 459, to
define the time when censuses hereafter to be
taken shall take effect for purposes of represent-
ation, with amendments.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the amendments of the committee.
First amendment:
Stuke out tiie liist section of the bill, as follows :
That a census shall be taken in the year 1870, and shall
take effect, for purposes ofieprcj-entation m Congress, fiom
and aftci the 3d day of March, 1873, and shall continue as
the basis of repiesentatiou for a perid of ten years, and each
subsequent census shall; in the same manner, continue for
a like peuod.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Section two, line four, strike out the woid "has," and
insert the word " had.35
The amendment was agreed to
Third amendment:
Page 2, line five, strike out the words* " under the said
census." and insert instead thereof the words "in the
Thirty-Seventh Congi ess."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Page 2, line fourteen, strike out " when the whole num-
ber shall be the number now established by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, would then read:
Be it enacted,That as the census has never been re-
liably taken m the State of California until the ye;ir ISQO,
and as it appear that the said State had sufficient popula-
tion to entitle her to three Kepicsentatives in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, and as. three Representatives have been
duly elected to the Thirty-Seventh Congress, under the
supposition that the said State was entitled to the same,
as appears by the certificate of the Governor theieof, and
a^ duoet taxes have been appnitioued to and paid by said
Stale under the census ot I860, therefore the said State
shall ho allowed thiee Kepresentatives in the Thirty-Sev-
enth Uon rea-, and (or that purpose the whole number of
Repie^entatives is hereby increased one, until the begin-
ning of the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Tiie bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. "YV1CKLIFFE. Believing: this bill contains
a provision which is an invasion of a constitu-
tional right in respect to representation in Con-
gi ess, I cannot consent that n shall be passed with-
out recording my vote against it. I call for the
yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 37;. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldncli, Alley, Arnold, Baker, Beaman,
