450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Government would not have been thought worthy
of creation, and it would have been wholly inca-
pable of preservation, without such a provision:
" If the power had not been expressly granted, it must
have been implied "—
I think so—
"unless all the powers of the national Government might
be put at defiance, and prostrated with impunity. Two
motives, piobably, concurred in introducing it as an express
power. One was, not to leave it open to implication whether
it was to be exclusively punishable with death according
to the known rule of common law "—
That is hanging, drawing, and quartering; but
that reverses the order of execution a little. It
is first drawing—putting a man upon the ground,
originally, and dragging him to the place of exe-
cution; but as that was shocking to humanity, he
was put upon a hurdle. He was then executed;
but before life was extinct he was quartered. He
was then disemboweled, and his quarters were
thrown to the four quarters of the earth—
"and with the barbarous accompaniments pointed out by
it; but to confide the punishment to the discretion of Con-
gress. Tiie other was, to impose some limitation upon the
nature and extent of the punishment, so that it should not
work coiiuption of blood or forfeitute beyond the life of the
offender."
Is not the law so written ? Is not the law of our
Government, the law of our existence, the law of
our action, the law of our-powers so written, and
in words so plain and so explicit that they cannot
be misunderstood?
"The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason ; but no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood, or fori'eituie, except during the life of
the person attainted."
I rend from the words of the Constitution itself.
Our fathers were then connected with the mother
country. During the Irish rebellion and under
the tyrannical Stuarts, there had been great State
prosecutions, and they had seen the abuse of this
power. They were determined to correct it; and
here the reasoning of Story speaks more eloquently
arid ti uthfully and foicibly than I can. I wish I
could speak as correctly as he writes upon it. I
will ivad what he has written upon it m a lew
short paragraphs:
"§1*293. The punishment of hurh tiea«on by the com-
mon Uiw, as stated by Mr. Justice iiiaokstone, is as follows:
1. TtmtjUo offender be drawn to the gallows, and not.be
earned 0) walk, though usually (by connivancc at length
ripened into law") a sledge or hurdle w allowed, to preserve
the offender irom the extreme torment of being dragged on
ihe ground or pavement. 2. That he be hanged by the neck
and cut down alive. 3. That hn  entrails be taken out and
burned while he is yet alive. 4. That his head be eut off.
5. That his body be divided into four paits. 6. That his
head and quarters be at the king's disposal. These refine-
ments in cruelty (which, if now practiced, would be dis-
graceful to the character of the age) were, in fonner times,
literally and studiously executed, and indicate at once a
savage and ferocious spirit, and a degrading subserviency
to royal jesentments, real or supposed. Jt was wise to place
the punishment solely in the discietion of Congiess; and
the puiiif-hment has been since da laicd to he simplv hang-
ing, thus mflictmg death m a manner becoming tile immun-
ity of a civilized society.
u § 1^91. It is well known that corruption of blood and foi-
feiture of the estate of the offender followed, as a neccsbiny
consequence at the common law, upon every attainder of
treason. Hy coutiphon of blood, all inheritable qualities
aic de-Hioyed; so that an attainted peison can neithci ui-
hent lands, nor other hereditaments from his ancestor, nor
retain those he is already in possession of, nor tiansmit
them to any heir. And this destruction of all inheritable
qualities i-* so complete that Jt obstructs all descents to his
po^teiity, whenever they are obliged to deiiveatitle through
him to any estate of a remoter ancestor. So that, if a father
commits treason, and is attainted, and suffers death, .utd
then the grandfather dies, his grandson cannot inhmit any
 ■ Hate from ins giandlather; loi ha must claim tluough his
lather, who could convey to hiin no inheritable blood."
Now here is the reasoning, the philanthropic
and Christian reasoning-, that dictated this pro-
vision in our Constitution:
"Thus the innocent aie made the victims of a guilt in
which they did not, and peihaps could nor, paiticipate ; and
the sm is veiled upon lemoie geneiatioii'? in addition to
tins most guevous disability, the person attainted forfeits,
by the common law, all in-? lands and tenements and lights
oi entry and rights of profits in lands or tenements which
lie possesses And this forleittire relates haek to the time
of the treason commuted, so as to avoid all intermediate
< ales and incumbrances; and he also foiteith ail his goods
and chattels from the time of his conviction.
o 129.3. The reason commonly assigned for these severe
punishments, bejond the meie forfeiture of the life of the
party attainted, aic these: By committing treason the pauy
lias bioken Ins original bond of allegiance, and forfeited his
social rights. Among these social lights, that of tiansmit-
ting propci tv to otheia is deemed one"of the chief and most
valuable, jtfort over, such forieituie<-, whereby the poster-
it}' of the offender must suffer, as well as himself, will help
to restrain a man, not only by the sense of his duty and
dread of personal punishment, but also by his passions, and
natuial affections ; and will interest every dependent and
relation he has to keep him from offending. But this view
of the subject is wholly unsatisfactory. It looks only to the
offender himself, and is regardless of his innocent posterity.
Itreally operates as a posthumous punishment upon them,
and compels them to bear, not only the disgrace naturally
attendant upon such flagitious crimes, but takes from them
the common rights and privileges enjoyed by all other citi-
zens, wheie they are wholly innocent, and however remote
they maybe in the lineage from the first offender. It surely
is enough for the society to take the life of the offender, as
a just punishment of his crime, without taking from his
offspring and relatives that property which may be the only
means of saving them from poverty and ruin. It is bad
policy too; for it cuts off all the attachments which these
unfortunate victims might otherwise feel for their own Gov-
ernment, and prepares them to engage in any other service
by which their supposed injuries may be redressed or their
heieditary hatred gratified. Upon these and similar grounds,
it may be presumed that the clausc was firstintrodueed into
the original draft of the Constitution; and after some amend-
ments, it was adopted without any apparent resistance. By
the laws since passed by Congress, it is declared that no
conviction or judgment for any capital or other offenses,
shall workcoriupuon of blood or any forfeiture of estate."
—Story's Commented ies on the Constitution, book lii, chap-
ter 28.
I have introduced at the present session a'bill
forfeiting the estates of rebels, and I did not by
its provisions limit it to the lifetime of the offend-
ers; and why did I not? Because if it ever should
be the fate of that bill to be before this body for its
consideration, I intended and do intend to move
an amendment to that effect; but independent of
that purpose, the provision of the Constitution is
so plain, so explicit, so clear, that I would be will-
ing, and am now willing, to risk a law of forfeit-
ure without any such provision, trusting to the
intelligence and learning and independence of our
courts to give to it such ti construction as would
conform to the provision of the Constitution upon
the subjcct.
Mr. President, there is another thought in con-
nection with the proposition to emancipate the
slaves, that I will express. The Constitution guar-
anties to every citizen certain great liberties and
rights. Among them is the right to worship God
according to the dictates of fiis own conscience,
the freedom of speech, the liberty of the press, the
right of trial by jury, and various other import-
ant and most essential rights and liberties that are
enumerated in the Constitution. I ask the gen--
tleman from Massachusetts if all these rights se-
cured by the Constitution, rising from it as from
their foundation, and without which that Constitu-
tion never would have been agreed to by the mem-
bers of the convention, and, much more, would
never have been ratified by the conventions of the
States—I ask if all these important constitutional
rights arc swept by the board in any military dis-
1 trict of the United States, in which there happens
to be war, by the act of war, or if you please by
the proclamation of the highest military officer
in command in that department, or if yoa^lease
by the proclamation of the General-in-Chief of
the United States Army, or if you please by the
proclamation of the President of the United States
himself? I say, that in this country there is no
constitutional power to proclaim martial law ex-
cept that of Congress itself. The power is con-
nected with the article of the Constitution that
confers upon Congress its powers; why? Be-
cause the Constitution had created Congress the
essential war-making power of this Government,
and it chose to confide to the war-making power
alone the power to suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pus, which gives effect tn martial law.
Who suspends the writ of habeas corpus in Eng-
land? The king. Who in France, if they have
any writ of habeas corpus there? I suppose they
have not; the gentleman knows; I do not. Who
suspends the writ of habeas corpus in Englan^?
The king. Why does he do it? Upon what rea-
son? Upon what fitness of things ? Upon what
logic of constitutional law, (and it is an abuse of
the term to apply iteven to England, although we
have learned and profound disquisitions upon "the
constitution of England'") Who exercises,and
to whom is conceded the power there of suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus ? To^ the king. Why
to the king? Because the king is the war-mak-
ing power of that Government. That is the rea-
son; that is the philosophy of it. Why does the
Constitution here say that the writ of habeas cor-
pus shall be suspended only in times of invasion
and of rebellion; and why does it enumerate that
power under the powers of Congress? For an anal-
ogous reason. The President here is our limited
Executive; but he is not the war-making power;
the war-making power is the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. In England it is meet and fit that the
suspension of that writ, which would render nu-
gatory the prevalence and the enforcement of mar-
tial law, should be in the king, because he has
the war-making power; but here where the Presi-
dent is not the war-making power at all, but the
war-making power is Congress, the same analogy
of reason and fitness of things that confide the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, to make mar-
tial law effective, to the King of England, vests it
here, and so does the express provision of the
Constitution, in Congress.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what this law
martial, this military law is. There are three or
four classes of military law. One class consists
of the articles of war, enacted in England by an
act of Parliament, and in this country by an act
of Congress. Another class is the usages and cus-
toms of nations in war. Among them is that you
shall spare the captive and not put him to death
or sell him into slavery; that you shall not com-
mit depredations upon private property unless in
cases of extreme necessity, where it is necessary
for the subsistence of the Army, or becomes indis-
pensably necessary for the subjugation of the en-
emy. Then there is another class of martial law;
and that, according to all the best definitions, is a
state of no law at all. I will read a definition or
two of this martial law. Stephen, in his " Com-
mentaries on the Common Law of England," de-
scribes martial law thus:
" Martial law may be defined as the law (whatever it may
be) which is imposed by the military power and has no
place in the institutions of this country"—
That is, it is no written law, it is no law recog-
nized by a chain of precedents and decisions—
"unless the articles of war established under the acts just
mentioned be considered as of that character."
Here is the Duke of Wellington's definition of
martial law, and he is high authority. He said in
the House of Lords:
" That martial law was nothing more nor less than the
will of the general who commands the army. In fact mar-
tial law meant no law at all. Therefore the general who
declared martial law, and commanded that it should be
carried into execution, was bound to lay down distinctly
the rules and regulations and limits according to which his
will is to be earned out."—Hough's Precedents in Military
Law, p. :>14.
And the same authority says:
"The proclamation of martial law is a notice to all those
to whom the proclamation is addressed that there is now
in the land another measure of law. and another mode of
pursuing it, than there was before that proclamation."
Chief Justice Hale declared martial law to be
"The law of war that depends but upon the arbitrary
power and pleasure of the lung, or his lieutenant; for,
though the king does not make any laws but by common
consent in Pail'iament, yet m time of war by reason of the
necessity to guard against dangers that often arise he useth
absolute"power, so that his word is a law."
You may examine all the authorities that treat
on martial law, and they establish this general
proposition that martial law is nothing but the
will of the commanding general; that, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Adams, "it sweeps by the board
all other laws." Now let me put this case to the
Senate; I would put it to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, but I will put it to the Sen-
ate: suppose that Beauregard and his hordes on
the other side of the river had reached the south
bank of the Potomac and were beleaguering this
city, and that the President of the United States
should proclaim martial law, would that sweep
Congress by the board? Would it sweep by the
board the Supreme Court oi the United States that
are now holding their august sessions, in which
justice and learning are so signally displayed, in
the chamber near us, formerly occupied by the
Senate>
Let me ask Senators, does this law martial,
which it is proclaimed may be spoken into being
by any commander of a military district, sweep
away all constitutions in the United States, in-
cluding the Federal Constitution, and all the laws
of the°States, and all the laws of Congress, even
for the time being? I might, for the sake of argu-
ment, concede the position and premisesofthe gen-
tleman, and still it would not prove his position,
nor authorize his conclusion, nor justify the action
which he proposes. Let me illustrate it in this
way: this arbitrary will of the military chieftain
is not written; it cannot be written; it is not pre-
served in any decisions; it cannot be preserved in
any decisions; it is the will of the commanding
general for the time, whoever he may be; and as
