1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
much as the opinions of different generals may
vary, so does this law vary. It has no uniformity.
It has no record. It has no enactment. It has
no recognition by decision. It has no reported
cases to guide those who come after, and to regu-
late the conduct of the citizen, and advise him
what to avoid and what he may practice. It is no
lamp to his path, no guide to his feet. It teaches
him nothing. It gives him no monition. It is more
monstrous and atrocious than the laws of Draco,
that were written in bloody provisions in small
writing, and placed so high on the wallsof Athens
that they could not be read. Here is a law more
inaccessible even than that, altogether uncertain,
utterly incapable of being reduced to any certainty
whatever, dependent upon the will of any man
who happens to be the commander of a military
department for its particular form and principles,
if it is to have any form and principles, varying
as the commanders are numerous and as they differ
in policy with relation to the conduct of the war.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
—I put this solemn question to my friends around
me, Republicans as they are, who command my
friendshipand my esteem—isitpossible thatall the
organism of the Constitution of the United States,
with its great principles of right and liberty, with
its simple and majestic machinery for carrying
out the powers of Government—is it possible that
this great and sublime system crumbles into ruin
and becomes as the very dust the moment there is
a military district established and a colonel car-
ries an army of the United States into it, and there
is a hostile foe coming into the same department.
According to the principle of Mr. Adams, when
that state of things occurs, this commander, who-
ever he may be, is immediately, ipso facto, invested
with all the power of martial law, and that will
enable him.or the contending general, the general
of the opposing army, either or both of them, to
proclaim universal freedom to the slaves in that
military district. I say, Mr. President, that such
a position is monstrous; it is no principle. It is
utterly subversive of all constitutional liberty; it
wipes out the great fabric of the American Con-
stitution and the great constitutional organized
liberties of this country as a mist is dissipated
before the morning sun. These military lights,
these military suns, would dissipate all this ma-
chinery from present existence and operation at
least, justas the rising sun dissipates the fogs of
the morning.
But there is another objection. Among those
rights that are assured to the citizens by the Con-
stitution is the right of property, and there is a
provision that private property shall not be taken
for public use without just compensation. Now
what is the meaning and the significance of that
phrase? Can Congress or a general take private
property capriciously? Can they take it for no
purpose? Can they take it without appropriating
it to any use? No, sir. They can only take it
for public use, and then must make-just compen-
sation for it. What is public use ? That is a
phrase of material import, and it must be inquired
into and understood before this provision can re-
ceive a fair construction. What is taking private
property for public use? It is for some operation
of the Government, for some business of the Gov-
ernment, for some necessity of the Government.
The authorities of the United States cannot take
private property to throw it away. They cannot
take it to give it-to an individual or to a foreign
country. They can take it only for one purpose,
and that purpose is the public use. What is pub-
lic use? It is an operation of the Government;
it is some of the necessary business of the Gov-
ernment, some transaction in which the Govern-
ment is concerned as a party, and to which the
property is proper and necessary. All these con-
stituents must concur to give Congress power to
take private property for public use, and then
compensation must be made.
Now the gentleman sweeps away that provision
of the Constitution by the course of policy which
he or his petitioners contemplate. I hope still that
he does not contemplate it. It sweeps away that
other provision of the Constitution, that forfeiture
shall exist only during the lifetime of the offender;
that the innocent posterity shall not be punished.
That cruelty and inhumanity of the British law
was what was intended to be eschewed,and what
was avoided byour wise and humane forefathers
in forming that provision of the Constitution.
1 next ask the gentleman's attention to this
point: how long does that martial law prevail?
How long do its effects continue ? Even in Eng-
land it could not be proclaimed in time of peace.
The courts of England decided that martial law
in time of peace was against Magna Chart a, and
void; and they punished as murderers military
officers who had executed men under martial law
in time of peace. I suppose the gentleman will
concede that, if martial law can prevail at all in
this country, it can prevail only in time of war.
Then how long does it continue? How long do
its effects continue ? Howlongdoits consequences
continue ? Only during the existence of the war.
There is no law but the will of the commander in
time of war, when martial law prevails—that is
the universal principle, the unbroken proposition
of the authorities. Well, what may a general do?
He may take your negroes, your houses, your
lands, your moneys, your stock; he may do away
with the marriage institution; lie may forbid citi-
zens from assembling together to petition for a
redress of grievances; lie may forbid them from
assembling together to worship their God; he may
lay down any rules of conduct, however arbitrary
and monstrous, that he pleases; and they are all
to be conformed to. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts how long this anomalous and dreadful
and tyrannical condition of things is to continue?
Will it continue, can it continue for a moment
longer than the existence of the war? When
halcyon Peace spreads her blest wings over the
land, docs not this atrocious system pass away?
Is it not, in the language of John Gtuincy Adams,
swept by the board; and when it is swept by the
board, what then returns? The Constitution, with
all its laws, all its provisions, all its organism, all
the liberties that it secures to the citizen. It neces-
sarily does. It may be illustrated in this way; it
is a homely illustration, a sort of westernism:
You are passing along; you see a stout, green,
tough sapling by the loadside; you pull it down;
you put your foot upon it, and press it to the earth.
As long as your superincumbent weight is upon
it, it remains prone to the earth; but the moment
you take your foot from it, it springs to its former
position erect, and points to the heaven above.
So of the Constitution; so of the lights and lib-
erties which it secures to the citizen; so of all its
organism; so of all its functions and machinery
devised for carrying on the Government; even if
the gentleman's premises were true—which I ut-
terly deny—the moment the state of war ceases,
martial Jaw is swept by the board; and the tough
and vigorous, yet young Constitution springs to
its accustomed position and force and strength, as
the sapling does when the foot and the weight of
the man are removed from it. How will the gen-
tleman get over this?
Now,suppose your law-ci*cating chieftain, your
warrior law-giver, your martial Lycurgus, or So-
lon, or Edward III, in the plenitude of his power,
issues a proclamation forfeiting all the -fends in
his military district; not taking them for public
use, making just compensation, but forfeiting all
the lands, all the households, all the hearthstones,
all the slaves, all the stock, all the money, all the
wealth, all the rights and liberties and immuni-
ties of the citizen. After he has promulged this
terrible, sweeping edict, peace comes and blesses
the land. What then becomes of his edict, and of
the subjects of property upon which he has sought
to make it act and take effect? The lands and the
slaves and everything return to their owners. His
system—no, not his system, but his capricious
and unwritten and undefined and tyrannical law
is swept by the board, and the Constitution of the
United States and the constitutions of the States
and the laws of the States and of Congress resume
their power and their vigor, and govern and guide
and protect the country as though they had never
been suspended by this anomalous and monstrous
system.
I think that this proposition, in the language of
Mr. Adams, will stand the test of time, of talent,
and of human scrutiny. Suppose England had
made war on behalf of the confederate States, and
the gentleman's beautiful city of Boston, m which
I feel little less pride than he does—it is a noble
city, characterized by the highest degree of intel-
lect, of scholarship, of science, and of mechanical j
genius; it is the ornament of the nation,and never, j
never would I willingly consent to part with i-t as a j
portion of my great country—suppose that whilst i
this Congress was:in session a hostile fleet had
made a descent upon-Boston, and had endeavored
to take possession of it, and there was an Amer'i-
can general there, if you please, who, hy his .proc-
lamation, introduced martial law,and proclaimed
the property, the princely, palatial domicile-;of
the Senator in Boston to be forfeited, and when 3he
returned to Boston peace was again restored,
he found his comfortable, luxurious, and palatial
domicile in the hands of a stranger, would he hot
think that it was a monstrous, unjust, iniquitous
law that would deprive him of his property, not
only during the existence of the war, but forever?
The principle is monstrous; it cannot stand the
test of reason.
I am for putting down this rebellion. I am for
visiting the leaders with every punishment that
can be constitutionally inflicted. So far aa you
can hang the leaders, I say, in the name of jus-
tice and of our country, hang them. So far as
you can constitutionally forfeit their property—
and forfeitingand confiscation are different things
—forfeit it. In confiscation, the property goes
into the king's exchequer. In forfeiture, it may
go to the king, and will go to him, unless there is
a different destination expressed; or it may go to
the public, or it may go to individuals. I say for-
feit all the estate you can constitutionally of those
who have taken an active part in this rebellion;
and instead of vesting it in the nation—in the Uni-
ted States, if that is disagreeable to gentlemen—
forfeit it to the innocent and true and faithful men
who have been impoverished, and whose families
have been reduced to penury and want by the
ravages of this war. Let it make atonement to
them. There is a just retribution; in my judg-
ment a constitutional retribution. Let that retri-
bution be made. You may make it in that form
without any violation of the Constitution.
At this point let me put a question to the Senator
from Massachusetts. While that assembly of
sages and of patriots were deliberating upon the
formation of the Constitution atPhiladelphia, they
despaired at one time of being able to accomplish
anything, and were about to separate in despair
and give up their country in hopeless despondency.
Franklin advised that they should appeal to the
throne of grace for inspiration and light. That
appeal was made, and the fruits were afterwards
manifested in the adoption of the Constitution.
Suppose that any member of that convention had
proposed to incorporate in explicitwords just the
powers for which the gentleman now contends,
how many votes in*that convention would such a
consti tu i ion have obtained? If it could have passed
that ordeal and had come to be submitted, as it
was directed and advised by the members of the
convention to be submitted, to the people of the
States in convention, (not in their State govern-
ment, not to their Legislatures, but to the people
of the States in their power and capacity sitting
in sovereign convention,) how many of the States
would have approved of a constitution containing
express provisions granting the powers which the
gentleman now claims? The Constitution never
would have been made.
A few more words, Mr. President, and I have
done, and I make my humble apology to this thin
Senate for having detained them so long. The
gentleman said that slavery was the cause of this
rebellion. In my judgment it has many causes.
If the word " slavery" had never been spoken in
the halls of Congress, there would have been no
rebellion in my judgment. One of the remote
rauses of this rebellion was the acquisition of
Texas. I chanced to be a member of the other
House when the joint resolution usurping the
treaty-making power was introduced in the House
of Representatives, to admitTexas as a State into
the. Union. A treaty had been negotiated to that
cffect a few weeks before by Mr. Calhoun, as Sec-
retary of State for Mr. Tyler. The Democratic
party, though they wanted to useTyler to subvert
and overthrow the party which placed him in
power, never intended to make him their chief, and
to confide power in him themselves. They determ-
ined that he and his administration should never
have the Jcffersonian glory and fame of having
added such a province as Texas to the United
States of America.
They therefore voted down that treaty; they
would not allow it to get a two-third vote in the
Senate, which was requisite. In a few weeks
afterwards, a joint resolution admitting Texas, a
