3394:
THE CON(xRESSIONJlL GLOBE.
July 16,
« An act to amend an act entitled ' An act in addi-
tion to the acts prohibiting the slave trade;' " and
An act (S. No. 394) to amend the " Act calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions," ap-
proved February 88, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, ana for otber purposes.
Also, that it had receded from its first amend-
ment to the bill of the House (No. 573) to impose
an additional duty on sugars produced in the Uni-
ted States.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes'be-
tween the two Houses on bill of the House (No.
524,) prohibiting the confinement^persons in the
military service of the United-States in the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, except as a
punishment for certain crimes, and to discharge
therefrom certain convicts by sentence of courts-
martial and for other purposes.
Bit. WILLIAM TBEAVITT AGAIN.
The question recurred on a suspension of the
rules; and Mr. BuFriNTONand Mr. Ancona were
appointed tellers.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 26.
So the rules were_suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS.,
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.
573) to impose an additional duty on sugars pro-
duced in the United States; when the Speaker
signed the same.
Bit. WILLIAM TREAVITT AGAIN.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to William
Treavitt, late consul of the United States at Val-
paraiso, the sum of $1,158 34, in full of all claims
and demands upon the United States, for balance
of pay or otherwise while acting in the above ca-
pacity.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. COX. I stated to the gentleman the other
day, and ho must have heard it, that Mr. Pom-
ltroy, of New York, made a written report but
took it !,ome with him a few days since, and that
1 had not been able to procure it. 1 stated the facts
to tho House on that occasion, and I can state
them again if desired. 1 am advised by the friends
of the bill not to indulge in any lengthy explana-
tion of this matter. It was claimed by the clerk
who settled the account of Dr. Treavitt, that be-
cause he had acted as a physician at Valparaiso
to certain sick sailors, that that service was in-
compatible with his duties as consul, and there-
fore they refused to pay him as consul for the time
he was so employed. This bill is only to.pay him
the balance clue him as consul at that point, and
there is nothing in it incompatible with the law
and the facts. The bill was examined by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and Mr. Pomeroy has
examined it. They wero entirely satisfied with
it, after striking off certain items, which are not
included m this bill, for clerk hire, office rent, &c.
We socutitdown tothissmallsum, which we ask
Congress shall pay him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ask
the gentleman what is the particular urgency about
passing this bill now at tho closing hour of the
session, instead of lotting it go over until Decem-
ber next, when we can have time to understand it.
Mr. COX. Mr. Pomeroy, the gentleman's col-
league, left this matter in my charge, and 1 desire
to carry out all my trusts. 1 want this gentleman
to have his accounts settled. I do not want it to
linger along further, and 1 hope,notwithstanding
this iate day of the session, the Senate will pass
it. I calf the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
withdraw that call for a moment?
Mr. COX. I will not.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to lay the
bill on the table, and upon that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 20, nays 87; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Akfrich. Arnold, fiabfout, Frederick A.
Conkling, Roscoe Conbling, Covode, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Holman, Kerrigan, McKnigtit, McPberson, Anson
P. Morrill, Patton, Edward H. Rollins, .Sioan, Spauldlng,
Trimble, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. William Alien, Alley, Ancona, Ashley,
Baily, Baxter, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake,GeorgeH. Browne, William G.Brown, Baffin-
ton,Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Conway, Cos, Da-
vis, Dawes, Dunlap, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hall,
Hanchett, Hooper, Hutchins, Jackson, Julian, Kelley, Wil-
liam Kello«g,Law, Lazear, Leary, Looinis, Low,MalIory,
Marston, May, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorliead, Justin S.
Morrill, Morris, Noell,J3dell, John S. Phelps, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, Sargent,'
Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Shellaharger, Sherman, Smith,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strat-
ton, Benjamin F.Tliomas, Train,Trowbridge,Verree,Wall,
Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Albert S. White, Wickliffe,
Windom, and Worcester—87.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, stated that
Mr. Sheffield had been absent for two or three
days on account of illness.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 503) to confirm and establish a patent here-
tofore granted to Etienne Bernot, dated July 24,
1860, and to secure to George Summerville Norris,
the assignee of said patent, the benefit of the full
term for which said patent was granted; and an
act (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Robert M.
Evans; when the Speaker signed the same.
DR. WILLIAM TREAVITT AGAIN."
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
CONFINEMENT OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON presented the following report
from a committee of confidence:
Tile committee of conference on the dlsngieeing votes of
the two Houses fin tho amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
594) prohibiting the confinement of persona in tlie military
service of the (Jolted States In ihe penitential y of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, except as a punishment for certain crimes,
and to discharge tlierehoineeitain convicts by &emence of
courts-martial, and for oilier puiposes, having met, after
full Jihd free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as tollows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to ilie said bill, and agree to the
same. HENRY WILSON,
M. S. WILKINSON,
II. S. LANE,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON.
II. L. DAWES,
Managers on (he part of the House.
I dissent. "JOHN S. PHELPS.
Mr. WILSON. I call the previous question on
agreeing to the report of the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION IN TUB STA'iES.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, from the select com-
mittee on emancipation, reported a bill granting
the aid of the United States to certain States upon
the adoption by them of a system of emancipa-
tion, and to provide for the colonization of free
negroes, accompanied by a report.
Tho bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and Jlotcit* of Reprcsentativea
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That,
whenever the President of the United States j*hall be satis-
fied thatanyone of the States of Delaware, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, Kentucky,Tennessee,or Missouri, shall have emanci-
pated the slaves therein by law within and throughout such
Stutes, it shall be the duty of the President, assisted by the
£ocrotary of'the Treasury, to p>ep:u'e and deliver to such
State an amount of bonds of the United States, beaiing in-
terest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, and payable
at thirty years ftom the date thereof, equal to the aggregate
value of all slaves within such State at theiate of $300 for
each slave, as the samet-hall be ascertained by an enumer-
ation to be made by tho Federal authoring designated for
that purpose at the time of emancipation; tho whole amount
for any one State to bo delivered at once, if the emancipa-
tion shall be immediate, or in ratable installments if it shall
be gradual: PtooiJed, That no State shall make any com-
pensation to the owner of any slave who shall be proven to
have willingly engaged m,or in any manner aided the pres-
ent rebellion, or who at any time may have accepted and
held any office, either civil, naval, or military, under the so-
called confederate States, or under the State government of
any of said confederate States, and shall' have'willingly
taken the oath of allegiance to said so-called confederate
States: And provided further, That in the enumeration of
said slaves as aforesaid, no slave shall be computed who
shaH have been brought into the State so emancipating as
aforesaid, from any other State or country after the passage
of this act.
SEC. 2. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-
said, That the whole amount of bonds so to be made and
delivered asaforesaid shaH not exceed, In the aggregate, the
sum of $180,000,000.
Sec. 3. And be. it further enacted by the authority afore-
said^ That for the purpose of deporting, colonizing, and set-
tling the slaves so emancipated as aforesaid in some State,
territory, or dominion beyond the limits of the United
States, the sum of $-20,000,000 is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated,
to be expended for the purposes aforesaid at the discretion
of the President.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-
said, That the benefits of this act shall only inure'to such
State or Slates as may pass such act or acts of emancipa-
tion as aforesaid within five years from The date of the pas-
sago of this act, and shall provide for the complete and en-
tire emancipation of the slaves therein within the period of
twenty years from the date of the passage of said State act
or acts;
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-
said, That if any State shall, at any time after having re-
ceived any such*bonds as aforesaid, by law reintroduce or
tolerate slavery within its limits contrary to the act of eman-
cipation upon which such bonds shall have been received
such State shall refund to the United States all the prin-
cipal and interest which may have been paid on any such
bonds.
Mr. WHITE,of Indiana. I do notpropose to
occupy the time of the House at this moment by
any lengthened remarks.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I wish at the proper time
to raise the point of order, that this bill, making
an appropriation, m$st have its first considera-
tion in the Committeuof the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will explain that
before I get through.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I hope it will not be
considered that the point of order is waived, if
the gentleman is allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. It will not be if that is the
understanding. *
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I make the point
of order.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to make a
brief explanation, and then I will leave the bill
within the control of the House.
The SPEAKER. By an understanding of the
House, the gentleman from Indiana can be al-
lowed to proceed with his explanation, and the
point of order can be made ana decided when he
concludes.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go on
with regularity. We are close to the end of the
session, and we can do no business unless we pro-
ceed regularly.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask it from the
courtesy of the House, that I may be permitted
to make a few words of explanation. I think it
is due to the friends of this measure.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that,
if it does not waive the question of order.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent that
can be the understanding.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no desire to cut the
gentleman out of the opportunity of making an
explanation, if it does not waive the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objec-
tion, thegentieman from Indiana will proceed with
his explanation, and then the point of order will
be decided.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make an inquiry on
which I piopose to predicate a point of order. I
would inquire if this bill is reported back just as
it canie from the President?
Mr, WHITE, of Indiana. That is one of the
points that I wish to explain. The committee
have no desire to press a measure of this magni-
tude improperly upon the attention of the House.
I wish merely to explain in a few words the points
of difference between the President's bill and the
bill reported by the committee, and then I will
submit it to the judgment of the House whether
they will act upon it now or not.
Mr, HOLMAN. I submit, however, that if
this bill is not the one that was referred to^the
committee, they cannot report it back at this time.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The President's
message was referred to the committee with leave
to report at any time.
