1862.
THE CONGBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
ter of expediency, each one must form his own
judgment for himself; and it ccrtainly ought to
constitute no ground of complaint on the part of
anybody that we differ from him in our views as
to the time when the measure is expedient, and
the manner of executing the measure.
I think, furthermore, that our friends from the
border slave States attach very undue importance
to this measure. I cannot myself conceive that
it involves all the direful and disastrous conse-
quences that they picture to us. The manumis-
sion of a few slaves in the District of Columbia
cannot, in my estimation, materially affect the
slaveholding interest anywhere. It can do them
no possible injury. The District of Columbia will
be no more open to the ingress of fugitives from
the adjoining States than it is now; and it will
be just as easy, I apprehend, to reclaim fugitives
from the District after a measure of this sort has
passed as it is to do it now. The law on that
subject will remain the same. It remains on the
statute-book unchanged, unimpaired in any of its
provisions; and all the power of the Government
will be as efficient for the execution of those pro-
visions after the passage of this act as it is now.
I think, therefore, a very undue importance has
been given to the measure.
I have no intention of going into any lengthy
discussion of the question. There have been two
or three different suggestions made connected with
this bill, all of which are perhaps entitled to con-
sideration. Compensation of masters the bill itself
provides for; compensation of the slaves has been
suggested in another quarter; and colonization
of the manumitted slaves in another. I intend
submitting an amendment which to some extent
combines all these three different ideas and meas-
ures; and 1 beg leave to state that this amendment
did not originate with me—that is, the idea of it
did not originate with me—but it was suggested
to me by one of the most respectable and influ-
ential citizens of the District of Columbia, who
has resided here, I believe, the whole of his life,
and who is u slaveholder, a man of very fine in-
telligence, who has thought much on this subject.
He suggested to me the propriety of the amend-
ment which I am about to submit for the consid-
eration of the Senate. I do not know that it will
meet with favor from anybody but myself, it
does meet my own views of what would perhaps
be a wise amendment to make to the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
I propose, then, to amend the amendment in the
third section in the thirteenth line, by striking out
the word " three" and inserting the word "five."
It so changes the section as to make it read, *' the
aggregate sums allowed for slaves over ten years
of age and under sixty, shall not cxceed a sum
equal to $500 for each slave," &c. The amend-
ment of the Senator, as it now stands, being not
to exceed " a sum equal to §300 for each slave set
fiee between those ages." The other amendment
I propose is to the seventh section by inserting in
the tenth line after the word " cause," the words
" one half." It now reads, 11 and the Secretary
shall thereupon cause the sums so apportioned to
loyal claimants," &c., to be paid to the former
owner. I propose to make it read, " the Secretary
shall thereupon cause one half of the sums so ap-
portioned to loyal claimants for services of slaves
under sixty years of age to be paid" to the own-
ers; and further to amend by adding to the section
these words:
And the othei half of the s>uni so appropuated to loyal
claimants foi poison^ under sixr> \e.u^ ofaae. shall be re-
tained by the Seeretaiy of the 'JYca-urj, and wliem-yei any
onft of &aid poisons undei sixty years of age shall iciuove
to and ^eftle m any counfiy outride of tin- XJtim d State-.,
and j-atisiactoty evidence thereof shall he filed \\ ah the ^ee-
let.uyof the Treasury, the hall of the valuation of such
person letamed by the Secretary of the Treaviuy, n-< afoie-
saici. s-hall be paid over to sucli pei&on lor his or her own
use loiever.
The compensation that is made under this
amendment to the owners of slaves, falls very
little below the compensation that would he made
by the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp
shire, or the original bill. In addition to that, it
offers an inducement to manumitted slaves to col-
onize themselves, to migrate to some country out-
side of the United States: and, upon so doin^-, they
are to receive some compensation—that'wouhl
meet the views of the Senator from Kansas—for
theirpast services. It combines these two objects.
It certainly offers an inducement for voluntary
emigration and colonization, and will, perhaps,
be more likely to result in the beginning of a sys-
tem of that sort than any proposition that has yet
been suggested. I may add, further, that the ag-
gregate expense to the Government, I think, will
not be at all increased by this proposition. The
$1,000,000 appropriated by the bill will, in my
judgment, be entirely adequate to meet all the
exigencies and all the demands that will arise
under the bill if this amendment should be adopted;
for, if it should pass, some will die, some will not
desire to emigrate, and so far as they do not emi-
grate there will be nothing to be paid; so that
there would be a diminution of the appropriation
on the one hand, while there is an apparent in-
crease of it upon the other. The measure is as
just, or very nearly so; it gives to the owners of
slaves at present very nearly as large a compen-
sation as the original bill proposed. As I have
already remarked, the amendment was suggested
to mo and urged upon my consideration by a most
intelligent slaveholder of the District of Columbia,
and it commended itself to my judgment and my
approval upon his assurance that if this proposi-
tion were submitted to the people of the District
of Columbia, he entertained no uoubt that it would
receive the indorsement of a very large majority
of them.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the $500 compensation
proposed by the Senator apply to slaves of all
ages ?
Mr. BROWNING. No, sir; to those between
ten and sixty.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any proposition made
for colonizing those below the age of ten years
when they shall have arrived at twenty-one?
Mr. BROWNING. This does not provide for
that. It ought, perhaps, to have gone to that ex-
tent; but diawing up the amendment in haste at
my table, as it was recently suggested to me, I
made it applicable to peisons between these two
ages, as the valuation of $300 was applicable to
them in the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire. It may be, as is suggested by my
friend fioni Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] that parents
m emigiatmg would desire to take their children,
and that the amendment ought to be extended so
as to embrace them. That can be easily done. If
the idea meets the approval of the Senate, it will
be very easy to put it into shape.
I am the more reconciled to voting for this meas-
ure now by the assurance that was given to me
by the gentleman to whom I have alluded than I
otherwise could have been without consulting the
wishes of the people of the District, an assurance
that I believe to be true, and I actupon it, that the
measure would meet the approbation of a large
majority of the people of this District, and would
relieve the bill from any objection on that score.
I have never doubted the power of Congress to
pass a bill of this sort. I have always myself,
however, believed that it would be inexpedient to
do it without consulting the wishes of the people
of the Disttict, and acting in harmony with their
views, and that whenever a majority of them de-
sired it, then Congress not only possessed the
power, but it would be its duty to exercisc the
power. I have always had hesitation about en-
tering upon this measure without obtaining the
assent of a majority of the people of the District;
and I go now cheei fully for some measuie on this
subject fiom a conviction fixed on my nund by
information derived fiom sources that ought to
know—persons who are informed, persons who
ha\o no motive to deeoive—that this measure does
meet the approval of the people of this District,
and thnt there is no necessity for delay by sub-
mitting the question of approval or rejection to
them.
I have no intention to detain the Senate longer.
I submit this amendment, and trust it may meet
with the favor of the Senate, though I do not know
that it will.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire to which proposition he offers it, to the
substitute or to the original bill?
Mr. BROWNING. I offeritasan amendment
to the Senator's amendment.
j\Ir. CLARK. Then, before he offers it, I ask
the Senator to allow me tosuinrsitan amendment.
Mr. DROWNING. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fioni New Hampshire can modify his own amend-
i ment.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to add this, as an addi-
tional section:
•And be ii furbhc% enacted. That if any person shall know-
ingly swear falsely in regard to any matter or thing under
this act, it shall be taken and deemed to be penury, and
punished accordingly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
regarded as an additional section added by the
Senator from New Hampshire to his own substi-
tute. The amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to that substitute will now be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Browning's amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWNING. I perceive that the amend-
ment does includc in the colonization provision
all persons under sixty years of age; but it does
net apply in the valuation to any under ten.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, as amended, as a substitute for the
original bill.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I feel some del-
icacy in offering an amendment to the original bill,
because I am aware of a desire on the part of cer-
tain Senators that no amendment should be made
to the bill. I desire to say that I do not propose
this amendment for the purpose of impeding the
passage of the bill, or of impeding the abolition ot
slavery in this District. I desire to accomplish it.
It is a measure to which I gave my heart long
ago, and it is a measure to which I am ready ana
desirous to give my hand now. I do it with the
intention of offering to the Senate a better bill, as
1 conceive it to be—a more perfect bill than that
proposed by the committee.
In the first place, it provides that instead ot
three commissioners being appointed for the pur-
pose of assessing the value, it shall be done by
the Court of Claims; and the reason of this is,
that it seems to me better that we should take a
court already existing and appointed for other
purposes, and who can well attend to this matter,
and let them do the business, and then pievent
the suggestion which may be made that they we're
appointed for this particular purpose. There will
be fault found with them. It will be said this com-
missioner was appointed with reference to this
matter, and that commissioner with reference to
that man or that purpose; but if you take a court
already established they will not be liable to that
suggcstion,and besides you will save to the Treas-
ury some six or seven thousand dollars, not a
great matter, to be sure. I find many Senators
say six or seven thousand dollars is of no conse-
quence now when we are spending millions and
hundreds of millions. It is very true that $6,000,
compared with hundreds of millions, is a very
small sum, but I beg Senators to remember that
it is the last ounce that breaks the camel's back,
and it becomes us to save everything we can save.
The next thing I desire by my amendment to
accomplish is to prevent disloyal owners from get-
ting pay for slaves. The bill originally proposed
and reported by the committee does not do that.
I desire to call the attention of the Senator from
Maine to that point; it does not prevent a disloyal
person from getting pay, that is a person who
lias been disloyal, a person who has borne arms
against the Government. Such a man may come
in now and say, tc lam loyal; I will give myalle-
giance to the Government of the United States;
this rebellion lias gone far enough; 1 am satisfied
that it is going to end in disaster; f am now loyal
to the Government, and 1 want my pay for my
slaves." I ask the Senator what there is to pre-
vent his getting it? He comes in and swears to all
that is required of him, " I am loyal, I declare my
allegiance to the Goveinmentof the United States:
true, six months ago 1 was a rebel, but now 1 am
satisfied the rebellion will end in disasteiHow
is he going to be prevented from getting his pay r
The only provision of the original bill is that he
shall declare himself to bo loyal and acknowledge
his allegiance; but the provisions of my substitute
are that no person who has ever been disloyal,
who has borne arms against the Government, who
has given aid and comfort to the cause of rebellion,
or who has advocated it, shall ever be allowed pay
for any slave, and it provides that any testimony
may be offered on thai subject. You are not to be
confined to the petition, and the statements and
allegations in the petition; but you may receive
any other evidence that th#s person or that person
