1-862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill itself was referred
to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that he
is mistaken. The Chair knows of no power in
the President to introduce a bill into this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Nevertheless a bill was sent
to the House, and referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. There was no bill as the term bill,
is understood in parliamentary practice. A com-
munication from the President was referred to the
committee, and they can report upon it, but there
is no power in the President or in any other offi-
cer of the Government to introduce a till into this
House,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, resumed the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to know if it is in
order to move to postpone this bill?
Mr, WHITE, of Indiana. I hope the gentle-
man will defer that motion until 1 get through.
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone the
bill is not in order at this time, as the gentleman
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will not be under-
stood that there is any unanimous consent that
this bill shall not be considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the TJnion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who made
the point of order did not insist upon its decision
until the gentleman from Indiana has made his
explanation.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, the
select committee on gradual emancipation and col-
onization, in presenting a modified bill to carry
into practical effect the President's recommenda-
tion, are aware of the many and momentous con-
siderations the subject involves. Although the
matter was in the hearts of the people, especially
those of the free States, and their spontaneous im-
pulse was " emancipation by the proper authority
and compensation to loyal owners" as the only
thing that could furnish a counter-currentand cor-
rective to the war and its consequences, and secur-
ity for the future, and although this sentiment was
frequently uttered through the press and by letters
to their Representatives, yet the message of the
President by its suddenness startled the nation and
seemed to give them pause. Sogreata contribution
of treasure on the one side, and so sudden a change
of system on the other, seemed to require deliber-
ation. Meanwhile the inevitable course of events
has made it a question rather for the heart than
for the judgment to decide, and has left us, it may
be, only this, or an alternative necessity too ter-
rible to think of.
The committee, by the present bill, have prof-
fered the aid of the Government in this respect
only to States not in complete revolt, who have
maintained a loyal organization,and have contin-
ued to meet us in the national Council Chambers;
and have limited the benefits of the act to the loyal
classes of those States. The number of slaves in
the six States belonging to loyal owners they es-
timate now at six hundred thousand; for which,
making the same allowanceas GreatBritam made
for her enfranchised West India slaves, and as this
Congress has made for the slaves of the District
of Columbia, the sum of $180,000,000 will be re-
quired. This is provided to be paid to the States
in five per cent, stocks of the United States, run-
ning thirty years, deliverable through a probable
series of twenty years, or at the rate of about nine
millionsa yearfor twenty years. A further appro-
priation of §20,000,000 is proposed for coloniza-
tion purposes, which, if successful, the committee
confidently predict will repay the nation a hundred
fold in commeice. Although the bill provides that
States passing their emancipation act within five
years shall be entitled to its benefits, the truth
cannot fail to impress itself on these States and
the nation that unless they (the border States)
move this moral lever m time to put a speedy close
to the war, the act will have no validity, and con-
sequences must ensue destructive of the conditions
on which it was passed.
Although the committee—as on the most mature
and solemn deliberation they have recommended
this measure—are ready to adopt it, still, u nless the
House, by a decided expression, shall determine
to act upon it now, the committee are not disposed
to press its consideration at the present time.
Should it go to the country for their consultations,
the people will have in distinct form the recom-
3395
mendation of the President—which alone, from his
high seat and in view of the solemn difficulties of
the hour, he considers the nucleus of the war and
the gage of our future union—together with such
views as the committee have been enabled to pre-
sent in their report. The proposition is a modi-
fied foim of the one furnished by the President in
his message of the 14th July, but has the same
scope contemplated in one of the alternatives of his
message of March last, and which, if executed to
that extent, he then thought would be effectual for
the great object he had in view.
1 will only add further that this measure h_„
passed the committee with great unanimity, the
slight dissent of any member being more to detail
than principle. It is addressed, not to the poli-
tician of an hour, but to historic men, conscious
of the peril of their country, who know that great
sacrifices must be made to save it, and look upon
this as the most hopeful, as it will be the noblest
in its results.
Mr. Speaker, I will novt yield to the further
action of the House; but before doing so, I sub-
mit the motion that the bill be printed, and that
ten thousand extra copies of the report be printed.
A portion of the report is devoted to the consid-
eration of the commercial branch of the question
of colonization, and the report will undoubtedly,
whether drawn with any ability or not, be inter-
esting to the country.
The bill was ordered to be printed; and the mo-
tion to print extra copies was referred, under the
law, to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I now leave it to
the judgment of the House what course they will
take on this bill. The committee are anxious that
it shall pass, but they do not desire to press it
against the judgment or deliberation of the House.
Mr. COVODE. I move that the bill be post-
poned until the second Thursday in December.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 should like to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana a question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist on the pointof
order that the bill makes em appropriation, and
must have its first consideration m the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COVODE. Why not postpone it until
December next ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Chairheara sug-
gestion upon the point of order?
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
debatable. The Clerk will now read a portion of
the first section of the bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
It shall be the duty of the XVesident, assisted by the
Secretary of the Tieasury, to prepare and deliver to such
State an amount ofbomis of the United States, beaung in-
terest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, and payable
at thirty years from the date thereof.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill does not appro-
priate money.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read a
section from another act, upon which the same
point has been decided.
The Clerk lead from the tenth volume of the
United States Statutes-at-Large, page 212, as fol-
lows:
"Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authorized to pur-
chase, at the currentmarlcot pliees, any of ttieoutstanding
stocks of the United Ptates, as he may deem most advis-
able fioin any surplus funds m the Treasury Provided, That
the balance in the Treasury shall not at any time be reduced
below $6,000,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. I know, Mr. Speaker, that
your predecessor in the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
sustained a similar point of order in relation to the
French spoliation bill, and the House supported
him. I thought at that time that the decision was
wrong, and 1 respectfully ask the Chair to submit
the question again for the decision of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
third section of this bill appropriates $20,000,000,
but the Chair would sustain the point of order
upon the provision in relation to the bonds. Such
a provision has been held to be an appropriation
since the question was decided in the Thirty-
Fifth Congress on the French spoliation bill. Un-
der these two provisions of the bill the Secretary
oftheTreasury could take money out ofthc Treas-
ury. But the bill contains a directappropriation
of $20,000,000, and must have its first considera-
tion in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The bill is so referred.
The SPEAKER. The House will proceed
the cal 1 mitte^l^for
( PAYOUT OFSEITRA
Mr. POTTER. I ask the consent of the House
to offer the following,resolution:
.Rcsoioei, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
is hereby directed to pay out of the amount heictofore ap-
propriated for the expensesof the select committee on dis-
oyai employes of the Government, on the certificate of
the chairman of said committee, such sum or sums as may
be due tor the services} of an extra clerk employed bv the
committee in copying testimony.
The appropriation is already made; but the ori-
gmal resolution in regard to the appointment of a
clerk does not allow payment for an extra clerk.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I object to the resolution.
1 think we have had enough of that committee.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his objection.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. If you will allow me, I
will tell you the reason why i will not withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
DISBURSING OFFICElts' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Moans a bill to
provide for the more prompt settlement of the ac-
counts of disbursing officers.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that from and after the passage of the act
any officer or agent of the United States who shall
receive public money which he is not authorized
to retain as salary, pay, or emolument, shall ren-
der his accounts monthly, instead of quarterly as
heretofore. Such accounts, with the vouchers
necessary for the correct and prompt settlement
thereof, are lo be rendered directly to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, and be mailed
or otherwise forwarded within ten days of the ex-
piration of cach successive month. In case of the
non-i eceipt at the Treasury of accounts within a
reasonable and proper time, the oflicei whose ac-
counts aie in default is to be required to furnish
satisfactory evidence of his having complied with-
the provisions of the act. For any default 011 his
part, the delinquent officer is to be deemed a de-
faulter and is to be subject to all the penalties pre-
scribed under the sixteenth.section of August G,
1846, " to provide a better organization of the
Treasury, and for the collection, sale-keeping,
transfer and disbursement of public revenue, "pro-
vided the Secretary of the Treasury may, if in his
opinion, the circumstances of the case justify and
require it, extent} the time proscribed for the ren-
dition of accounts ;and provided further, that noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to restrain
heads of Departments from requiring such other
return or reports from the officer or agent subject
to their control.
Mr. HOOPER. As the law now stands, the
reports of all disbursing officers are required to be
made quarterly; and the whole of the next quar-
ter is allowed to have the accounts made up and
sent to the Departments. There is, therefore, no
law by which disbursing officers can be obliged to
render their accounts in less time than six months.
The object of this bill is to have reports made
monthly,and sentm within ten days after the end
of the month.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It strikes me that
the penalties for non-compliance with the law are,
in the present condition of affairs, too severe. All
disbursing officers, embracing those of the Army
and Navy, are to render their accounts within ten
days after the expiration of each month. How
will a paymaster in the Navy, on shipboard on
the coast of Africa, forward his accounts? How
will a paymaster in the Army, who may be sick,
at the expiration of the month, be prepaied to fur-
nish his accounts? And yet this law subjects him
to the penalty of being a defaulter, which is im-
prisonment in the penitentiary on conviction.
Mr. HOOPER. There is provision in thp bill
for such cases.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
vVhich the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
