1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2435
be purchased at a less price than is paid to the pub-
lishers. I have taken the pains to go to several
bookstores in this city, and I toll my colleague
th m 1 h ave been informed that not a perfect set of
this work can be obtained in this city exceptfrom
the publishers of the work. They may possibly
be obtained elsewhere, but 1 doubt it. These
books did go to membei s of Congress. They have
sold them to speculators, perhaps, and the specu-
lators, in turn, may have sold them to somebody
else. They are by this time second-hand sets, and
many of them are doubtless broken sets. We
authorized Gales & Seaton to publish this work;
it was the work of a lifetime, and we encouraged
them in it; and now I think we ought to go to
them to supply us with such copies as we need,
and not obtain them from speculators. I now
move the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. WALTON. No, sir; I must decline.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I hope the
House will vote it down.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask for tellers
on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps of
Missouri, and Clark, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. IiUTCHINS demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-si-s. Alley, Baily, Baxtoi, Biddle, Jacob B.
Bl.iir, Blake, Gfoigc 11 Browne, William G. Blown, Cal-
vert, Casey, Clomeut:?, Cumins, Cox, Ciittcmhm, Delano,
Dnnlap, Dunn, Ely, English, Fishei, Goocti, Goodwin,
G ridet, ll:u<*l)t, llunehett, Harding, Uairi-on, Hoi ton, John-
son, L.i\v,LiMiy, MePbfiMMi. M.illoiy, M.ivn.iul, Mt-nzie-,
Mom head, Nnhlt', Noeil, Nngen, Pendleton, IVny, John
S. Phelps Poinerny, Pt ice, Aie vaiuh'i H. ltiee, llieli.ud-son,
lliddle, James S. ilbilinb, Seyai, Sheffield, Shicl, Jonn ti.
Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thoma^, Fmneis Thonia-.,
Tiain,' Vooiheos. Wa<Kvvonh, Walton, Ward. Weh-ter,
Wlialey, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe,
and Woodiufl—06.
NAYS—Mpmh Ancona. Bakor, tteaman. Frnnei* P.
Blair, Bufiinton, Cbambeilm, Claik, Cobb, Colfax, Fied-
eriek A. Colliding, Ro-eoe Conkhntr, Dawo, Diven, Ed-
jjerton, Edwaid?, Fe—5ewlen, FianU. Grangrt, Omley,
Hickman, Hoiinan, Hatching Julian, Kellej, William
KeNog?, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lan-nig, Looin^, Lovejoy,
Meivnight, Mitchell. Anson P. Moriill, Ju-tm S. Mouill,
Nixon, Od<'ll, Clm, Patton, Pike, Poiter, Pottoi, John 11.
Rice, llobin-on, Edward II. Rotiin-, P.ui <Mit, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sloan, William G. Steele, Stutton, Tumble,
Tiowhiulire, V.uiHom, Van YalkenburgU, Yeiiee, Wil-
son, Windom. and Woroe&tei—58.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WALTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolutron was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON HOSPITAL.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 55, noes 40.
So the rules wete suspended; and the Mouse ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McPher-
so>j m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House hill No. 465, to put chase a hospital in
the city of Washington, gencial discussion being
closed, by older of the House, m ten minutes.
Mr. WOODRUFF. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to weary the patience of this committee
by an elaborate argument. I do not intend an
extended repetition" of that which has been ex-
piessed by others iar better than can be done by
me. But pei haps justice to myself and my con-
stituents requires that I should briefly declare the
principles by which i have been and shall con-
tinue to be actuated upon the fiooi of this House.
I know that the votes cast by members go to
make up their record; but it so happens that such
votes as I have felt bound to give go in many
eases to show what I would not lather than what
I would.
It was my opinion, sir, and I believe it was the
opinion of a vast majority of those whom I have
the honor to represent, that if the conciliatory
measures proposed in the winter of 18G1 by a
venerable patriot now a member of this House,
had been adopted, neither this most wicked re-
bellion nor this lamentable civil war would have
been initiated; our beautiful fields would not have
been devastated; our treasure not so lavishly ex-
pended; the best blood of our nation never so
profusely poured out; nor would mourning nor
anguish nor lamentation nor the agonizing cry
of the befeaved have so pervaded our land. On
this point I am aware men differed in opinion. A
time will come when a fearful account must be
rendered by those who are justly responsible for
the present state of affairs. But this is not the
time to take that account.
Nothing: did, nothing could justify the unpro-
voked and wanton attack made by armed rebels
on Fort Sumter; and from that memorable day, in
Api il, 1861, when that attack was made, and from
the day when our fellow-cmzens, hastening1 at the
call of the President to defend this capital, were
butchered in the streets of Baltimore, the hearts
of all true patriots have beat in unison, and with
one voice have proclaimed that this rebellion, the
most unprovoked and unjust the world ever saw,
against the most beneficent Government ever or-
ganized by man, must and at all events should be
suppressed, no matter at what necessary expense
of blood and treasure. In that sentiment 1 need
not say I heartily concur.
Since this rebellion has assumed its vast propor-
tions, I would sustain the President in carrying
on this war to its successful termination with all
needful means. I would by neither word nor
deed embairass him in the exercise of any lawful
measure he may think proper to adopt for that
purpose. As a Democrat, opposed to his election,
1 would be even more careful on these points. But,
sir, while I would have the rebels compelled to
submit unconditionally, I would not be vindictive.
I cannot forget that llpey loo are Americans-, that
they are oui brethien; that they and we are chil-
dien of the same patents, and the moment it ap-
peared that reason was returning, every sword
should be pointed towards the earth, and every
bayonet towards heaven.
I believe their lenders are inexcusably guilty,
but the masses deluded; 1 believe the cause of
the rebellion to be the waning political power of
the South, and those who, to promote their selfish
ends, have rushed their followers into rebellion
should not escape meiited punishment. And as
their guilt is greater than that contemplated by
our statutes, I would, as to the leaders,extend the
punishment. But I cannot suppott the confisca-
tion and emancipation bills which have been re-
ported '>v the select committee, because I believe
them inexpedient, unjust, and unconstitutional.
Inexpedient, not only because unjust and uncon-
stitutional, but because, in view of their extent,
they are calculated to strengthen the rebellion; to
unite and consolidate the people of the South; to
aggravate their hostility; and giving them the en-
ergy of despair, prevent their return to loyalty to
a Government from which they have nothing to
hope, and from whose merey, even, they arc ex-
cluded. And 1 cannot but say in this connection
that the advocates of these extreme measures seem
to me to be " giving aid" to the rebels, and to be
pursuing a course better calculated to destroy the
Union than that of the rebels themselves.
I deem these bills unjust, because a large pro-
portion of those emhiaced therein have never
taken up arms against us; others have been forced
or fraudulently persuaded into rebellion, and the
punishment of death is sufficient for those who
have been thus misled It js also barbarous and
unheard of among modern civiliZ'd nations to strip
the wives and innocent children ot even the guilty,
not only of the roof which shelfei s them, but also
of their last bed and their last crust.
I deem these bilis unconstitutional, because 1
cannot find in our charter the clause* which author-
izes us to pass them. Gentlemen talk of the war
power. 1 understand by this si m ply the power of
the strong over the weak, the power of might over
right. Beyond tins I do not understand it, and as
1 believe that outride of the Constitution this Con-
gress has no power, and that the poweis con-
ferred by the Constitution are sufficient for the
emergency, I have felt bound by my oath to vote
against these bills.
' I vote against them because the paUtesagaiust
whom they are aimed are thereby deprived of
" the right of trial by jury," because they are not
necessarily "to be informed of the nature and cause
of the accusation,"norare they "to be confronted
with the witnesses against them." Because 44 ex-
cessive fines are imposed" and "cruel and unusual
punishments inflicted," not on the guilty alone,
but extending also to the innocent, and because
they are in the nature of "bills of attainder," in-
flicting punishment without any conviction in the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, and there-
fore forbidden by the Constitution.
General debate having now closed, the bill was
read. It appropriates $75,000 to purchase the
buildings, lots, and appurtenances, in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, now occupied
by the United States, and known as the " Doug-
las hospital," consisting of lots numbered one
and two, designated as Douglas and Rice's sub-
division of square 560. The Secretary of the
Treasury is required and authorized to pay the
several owners thereof $75,000 for the buildings
and lots owned by them whenever the Attorney
General of the United States shall have examined
or caused to be examined the titles of the owners
to the lots, buildings, and premises in the square,
and shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury
that the titles of the several owners are perfect and
valid, and are free from all incumbrances what-
ever, and that the owners have executed to the
United States deeds of conveyance in fee simple,
with covenants of general warranty,and also with
a warranty that the lots are free from all incum-
brances, and that the deeds are ready to be de-
livered by them on the payment of the money.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not propose to avail
myself of my privilege under the rules of closing
the debate upon this bill, but I will answer any
questions which gentlemen may desire to ask.
Mr. DUNN. Ts this the bill which was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DUNN. I thought the bill which passed
the committee author lzed the payment of a sum
not exceeding $75,000. This bill seems to re-
quire that $75,000 shall be paid.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It needs amendment in
that particular. I move to insert the words " not
to exceed."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to know
if this is a report of the committee, recommended
by the committee, or if it is a report of one mem-
ber, or of one or two members of the committee,
made by the consent of the committee?
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is, as it purports to
be, a report from the committee. I desire to say
that this bill ptoposes to purchase three buildings,
one hundred and fifty feet front, and capable of
accommodating four hundred patients, at the price
of $75,001). The buildings when constructed cost
over one hundred and thirty thousand dollars. I
take it for granted that in all future time we must
of necessity have a hospital here. I fear the time
will never come again when we will not have, to
some extent, to have an army stationed here.
Wherever you have a considerable number of
troops stationed you need a hospital. Suppose
you have four thousand troops stationed here, and
you cannot get along with less, you require a hos-
pital that will accommodate ten per cent, of that
number. You are paying for these buildings now
$9,000—$3,000 for each of them. ^In a very short
peiiod of tune, if you are to rent such a building
as that—and it is the only one in the city that is fit
for a hospital—you will payin rentaloneenough
to buy the building. I am informed by surgeons
who are in attendance on that hospital that for an
expendituie of $10,000 you can increase the capa-
city of the building to six hundred patients. If
you have to have a hospital here, you cannot pur-
chase ground and build a hospital that will accom-
modate as many patients for an increase of twenty-
five per cent, on this amount.
Now, I have a single word to say in reference
to the hospitals that you have erected here. You
may put up temporary hospitals at a less expense;
the hospitals that you have put up near the City
Hall have doubtless cost less, but they are con-
structed of wood, and if contagious disease pre-
vails in one portion, it is communicated to all.
That would not be the case in the Douglas hos-
pital.
k [Ilere the hammer fell ]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I oppose the amendment of
my colleague for the purpose of saying a few
words. One of these buildings, I understand, be-
