1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
has been disloyal, and the court are ordered to find
the fact. The original bill proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine does not require the commission-
ers to pass upon anything; in the world except the
validity of the claim of the party to the slave. They
are to pass on that, and it does not require them
to pass on the other facts alleged in the petition.
It does not require them to pass upon the question
of loyalty at all, but, simply upon the validity of
the claim. These are the words in the original
bill in section three:
"That the President of the United States, with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint three com-
missioners, residents of the District of Columbia, any two
of whom shall have power to act, who shall receive the
petitions abovementioned, and who shall investigate and
determine the validity and value of the claims."
The power they have is, to determine the val-
idity and value of the claim; that is, the worth of
the slave.
Mr. HOWARD. But does not the validity of
the claim plainly imply loyalty? Is there not a
clause in this bill which requires that the claimant
shall be a loyal man ?
Mr. CLAH.K. Not as I understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think you will find it so.
Mr. CLARK. I think I have in my mind what
the Senator refers to: " that all persons loyal to
the United States holding claims," &c., may
^fctr, HOWARD. Nobody but a loyal citizen
can have any valid claim.
Mr. CLARK. Very well; but the evidence of
the loyalty is the statement in the petition. There
is no provision for anything else. The petition-
er's own allegation is sufficient.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand my friend
to say that that simple allegation is conclusive
evidence on the question of loyalty?
Mr. CLARK. I understand it to be so.
Mr. HOWARD. I think not.
Mr. CLARK. I will thank the Senator to point
me out any other provision in the bill. That is
what I am at.
Mr. HOWARD. On the principles of common
law 
Mr. CLARK. What is the principle of the
common law?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not a principle of the
common law that an averment in a mere petition
shall be held to be conclusive evidence of the truth
of the fact stated in it.
Mr. CLARK. But when the law requires the
petition to state a certain thing and requires no
further evidence, I do not see but that it is to be
conclusive.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not so understand the
bill.
Mr. CLARK. I do so understand the bill, and
I have looked through it with care.
Mr, HOWARD. There we differ.
Mr. COLLAMER. May not every material
allegation of the petition be put in issue?
Mr. CLARK. The question may be what may
be material under it. 1 do not say. Even take
the Senator's own statement; if a person says,
" I am loyal to-day, I declare my allegiance to the
Government of the United States," if the fact is
found by the commissioners that he is loyal to-
day, though he was engaged in aiding the rebel-
lion six months ago, is he not entitled under the
bill to his pay? Does the Senator contend that he
would not be under the bill?
Mr. HOWARD. What was the question?
Mr. CLARK. Suppose a man was engaged in
aiding the rebellion six months ago, and he comes
into court to-day, and says, " 1 am entirely loyal;
I am satisfied that the rebellion was a mistake and
a disaster; I yield my allegiance to the Govern-
ment;" and the court is satisfied that he now does
yield his allegiance, is he entitled to pay?
Mr. HOWARD. Under such a state of facts,
I should hold it to be the duty of the commis-
sioners to regard the applicant as disloyal. He
haying once been disloyal, I think that would be
quite sufficient to satisfy the judgmentof a court.
If a claimant has borne arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States, or taken part in any
way in aiding and abetting the rebellion, he is ipso
facto a disloyal man, and guilty of treason I take
it, that one commission of the act of treason is
quite sufficient to constitute a person a dislyoyal
person, and that evidence would be conclusive,
however frequently he might change his opinions
in the future—repenting to-day, and committing
the same sin perhaps again to-morrow; it is the
firstact; Cen'esl que le premier pas qui coute, as the
French say; it is the first step that costs.
Mr. CLARK. I have accomplished my pur-
pose in showing that there may be a disagreement
about this matter. I desire to remove entirely all
doubt and hesitation about it, and hence I have
provided in my substitute that no person who has
borne arms against the Government, or who has
ever aided the cause of the rebellion, shall have
one dollar. There can be no harm in setting it
out plainly and certainly.
Then the bill which I have offered as a substi-
tute provides what the other bill does not provide
for, that no person who is not a resident of the
District of Columbia shall be entitled to pay for
slaves. There will be thisdifficulty,lapprehend:
there will be found to be fugitives here in the Dis-
trict, and after the passage of this act people may
come from Maryland, from Virginia, from any
other State, and set up a claim to some slave who
they say has been set free by the operation of this
bill, and then you have got to pay them. There
may be another objection. The people of Mary-
land and Virginia who have old slaves that they
want to get rid of will run them in for the very
purpose of having them set free and paid for in
this way. They will not send any slave that is of
any account to them; but they will send in slaves
of no value, for the very purpose of having them
set free and making a claim under this bill. I de-
sire to provide against that, to shut the door to
fraud, to provide that no person not resident in
this District shall be entitled to come in here and
claim pay for slaves. Evei ybody must be aware
that those who have slaves in this District and
have rented them out for some time past have been
taking them away from this District, so as not to
suffer the bill to operate on them, if they are of
any value. I understand that hundreds have been
carried outof this District in the last week or two,
so that this act shall not operate on them.
Again: the proposition which I offer makes pro-
vision for the slave child who shall be set free.
The bill reported by the committee makes no pro-
vision in regard to the slave child. The child of
one year of age, two years, three years, or four
years, who has nobody to care for it, may be sot
free and left upon the world, and suffer, be de-
prived of any education, care, or support. The
bill I offer makes provision for it, that the Mayor
of the city of Washington, or the Mayor of
Georgetown, or the levy court of the county of
Washington, as the case may be,shall have power
to apprentice these children to some person who
will care for them, (if they have nobody to care
forthem,)until they shall be eighteen years of age.
There is also further provision in regard to the
aged. The bill comingfrom the committee makes
no provision at all in regard to the aged. There
were at the time of the last census in this city
three hundred and sixty-nine slaves over sixty
years of age. In the largest number of these cases
the owners would be willing to part with them to
almost anybody who would take care of them.
The bill reported by the committee proposes to
set these slaves free, to leave them without sup-
port in their old age, to take the money which
should be given to them and give it to the master.
The bill which I offer leaves that money with the
Mayor of Washington, or the Mayor of George-
town, or the levy court respectively, for the sup-
port of the slave so long as he may live, and if
there is anything remaining at his death it pro-
vides that it shall go to the owner, but it secures
to the slave, so far as that amount goes, a support
during his old age.
These are the main provisions of my bill. It
does not give so large a price for the child as the
bill reported by the Senator from Maine from the
committee. It does not give so large a price for
the old, but I am satisfied that it gives quite as
large a price as the Government ought to pay. I
am satisfied that $300 as an average price for slaves
between ten years of age and sixty was quite large
enough as they existed in the District two weeks
I ago. I am satisfied that it is quite too large now,
i because, if reports be true, they have run out of
the District one thousand or twelve hundred or
fifteen hundred slaves of the most value, and left
only the young, the aged, and the infirm to be
paid for. They are still running them out. "No
doubt they will run outof the Distiict every slave
of any value, and you will have under this bill to
pay for only the sick and the decrepid, the aged
and the infirm. I think we give enough when we
give, as limited by my bill, $150 for every child.
Some may be worth one dollar, some ten dollars,
and some may be much more valuable. So in
regard to the aged. Some of them are worth noth-
ing, some may be worth a good deal, and having
such an average you have a great range.
Mr. GRIMES. Poor property !
Mr. CLARK. Pretty poor property, I admit.
Some of them are of very little value. Some of
them the Senator from Iowa would not take if he
could have the pay.
These are the general provisions of the bill I
have offered as a substitute. If the Senate prefer
the original bill, of course I have nothing to say.
My only desire has been to offer a bill making
provision for the aged and for the young, and
sending it to the Court of Claims, a court already
established.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps I ought to explain
to the Senate the provisions of the bill as reported
by the committee in the particulars alluded to by
the Senator from New Hampshire. All I can say
is, that this bill originally, as submitted to the
committee, was prepared with very great care;
and it has received the best consideration that the
committee was able to bestow upon it; and I will
say to my honorable friend who criticises the
original bill, and who thinks that his is much bet-
ter, that there was not a single question to which
he alludes that did not receive the attention of the
committee; and if I understand the bill of the
committee, there is not a single provision of his
bill but that is provided for in the bill of the com-
mittee, except the feature of referring it to the
Court of Claims.
The objection to referring it to the Court of
Claims, and the preference which the committee
gave to a commission was, that this thing should
be kept wholly distinct and apart from the duties
of courts or the business of courts; that you
should have a clean commission who should have
a specific duty to perform, to be performed within
a given time, and when that is performed there is
an end of it. It is an arbitrament, it is not a
court; it has not such duties as are common to
courts. I submit to the Senate that it is a great
deal better when this thing is done and finished,
that there should be an end of it; that there should
be no exceptions, no appeals, none of the ma-
chinery of courts; and for that reason the com-
mittee preferred the institution of a commission,
and for that reason I submit to the Senate that the
bill of the committee is preferable to the substitute
proposed by the honorable Senator.
The next objection brought against the bill by
the Senator from New Hampshire is that we do
not provide against the claim of a disloyal owner
of slaves.
Mr. CLARK. Sufficiently.
Mr. MORRILL. That we do not provide a
sufficient bar against such a claim. I beg to say
to the honorable Senator that he has read my bill
very indifferently if he has come to that conclu-
sion, for, if it is possible to make it clear, that
point is made clear in the latter clause of the third
section of the bill. In the first place, allow me to
1 say upon that precise point, the object of the corn-
1 mittee was to provide simply for the claims of
loyal owners of slaves and none other. Accord-
ingly we provided that none but a loyal person
should be permitted to prefer his claim atall,that
the claim should be stated in writing, and should
be preferred under oath, which is not true of the
substitute of the Senator from New Hampshire.
He does not require the claims to be presented
under oath. We provide that the man shall not
approach the court, unless he approaches it say-
ing, in writing, "I am loyal."
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is mistaken. I
require it under oath.
Mr. MORRILL. I stand corrected. The Sen-
ator's bill provides for the petition being submitted
under oath. Then we provide that it shall be sub-
ject of proof, and he is to be adjudged loyal by
the commissioners before he is entitled to rcceive
his claim, and then we go one step further to pro-
vide for the precise contingency referred to by the
Senator. This bill provides—and I will read the
language, for I think it is concise enough—m the
lust clause of the third section:
And protidcJ further. That no claim shall be allowed foj
any slave or slaves brought into said District after the pas-
