S noWGRiSitOHAL GLOBE.
July 16,
hotjk of meeting to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at
eleven o'clock. .
.The motion was agreed to.
-payment in stamps, etc.
..'Mi. HOOPER. I ask leave to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means a bill to author-
ize payment in stamps, and to prohibit the circu-
lation of notes of a less denomination than one
"dollar. ,
Mr. TJLAIR, of Virginia. I object.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolSed Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 355) to amend an act entitled " An act to
further promote the efficiency of the Navy, ap-
proved December 21, 1861; when the Speaker
signed the same.
increase of the army.
Mr KELLOGG, of Illinois,asked leave to offer
o joint resolution authorizing and empowering the
President of the United States to call into the Ai my
of the United States, by voluntary enlistment, or
Jn such other mode as he may direct, for the term
of one year, unless sooner discharged, one million
men, in addition to the Army now authorized by
'law, and that such increase of the Army shall be
organized, armed, and equipped, paid and offi-
cered, as is now by law provided. _
Mr. POTTER. If the gentleman from Illinois
will modify his proposition, and make the num-
ber two million 1 will vote for it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest the amendment that
men be taken without distinction of color.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution. "
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to sus-
pend the rules; and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
LAW 01' PRIZE.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am directed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs—which lias power to report at any time-
to report back joint resolution S. No. 97, in re-
lation to the law of prize, with amendments.
First amendment:
ijlm: elfjlit, strike out the wor<h " within twenty days
from," nnd Insert in lieu thereof the words "immediately
after.
Second amendment:
At the end of the resolution, add:
And no more shall be retained by any clerk for money
received and paid over by him tinder this resolution, as
commission or otherwise, than one per cent, on the first
&1.000 in each case, nnd one quarter of one per cent, on the
excess- above that sum, not, however, to exceed $250 in
liny ease.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
bounty to discharged soldiers.
Mr. ANCONA asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce a joint resolution authorizing the pay-
ment of bounty to soldiers discharged by reason
of wounds or other disability before the expira-
tion of their term of enlistment.
The joint resolution was read. It directs that
the sixth section of the act entitled " An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public proper-
ty, "approved July 22,1861, shall be so construed
as to authorize tlifj payment of the bounty of $100
Erovided by such section, to all volunteers who
avc been or may hereafter be discharged from
the military service of the United States by rea-
son of any wounds received or disease contracted
while in the service of the United States, and in
the line of'duty, for or on account of which such
volunteers should be entitled to receive and should
receive a pension.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING objected to the intro-
duction of the joint resolution.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. If the gentleman will
let the resolution go "to the Committee on Military
Affairs, I will withdraw .my objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 ask the consent of the
House to make an inquiry with reference to this
resolution, to see whether I understand it.
There was no objection.
Mr WICKLIFFE. If I understand the law
as it no w exists, if a wounded soldier is discharged
from the service, and dies immediately afterwards
from the effects of his w6und, neither his mother,
sister, or any other heir is entitled to draw bounty
or pension.
Mr. ANCONA. That is the fact. _ _
Mr WICKLIFFE. With the permission of
the gentleman, I j ust want to state an instance right
in point. A wounded soldier m one of the flew
York regiments was in one of the hospitals of this
city. His mother was induced by the hospital
surgeon to take him home to New York. He took
his discharge before leaving this city; and, as 1
was satisfied would be the fact, the boy died be-
fore reaching his home. Yet, under the law as it
now exists, this poor woman can draw neither the
bounty nor pension to which she would have been
entitled if her son had not taken his discharge.
This joint resolution, I understand, is to meet such
a case; and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. ANCONA. There are a thousand such
cases' I hope the motion to suspend the rules
will be agreed to. I call for tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards
and Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 30. .
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.) ,
The joint resolution was introduced, ana reaa
a first and second time.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the joint res-
01 Mr "STEVENS. I hope my colleague will al-
low me to move to strike out the words "or other
dl1mtJ'fTa. CONKLING. I desire to say that
if this joint resolution is passed.it will involve
the expenditure of $100,000,000.
Mr. POTTER. If it is to do justice it matters
not if it costs $500,000,000.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to permit his colleague to
move an amendment?
Mr. ANCONA. I decline to yield.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the joint reso
lution oil the table.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yens and nays were ordered. ....
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 26, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Mnsar-i. linxior, Beamom, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Campbell, Frederick A. Conkling,Edwards, Ety,
Penion, Ilnnehett, Hooper, Hutching Julian, Low, Mc-
Klli"ht, Mliynard, Justin S- Morrill, John S. Phelps, Riddle,
Scdgwlck, Shellabnrgor, Stevens, Tram, 1 nmble, Wash-
mid Woicostur—-26. _
NAYS—Messrs. AUlricli, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Anconn,Bally, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair. Blake, George fl. Browne, Bulfuiton,Col-
fax, Cox, Ciaven^, Cri^field, Cutler, Dawes. Du<;U, Dun-
Ian. Dunn, Eliot, Fessendcn, Fishei, Fouke, Goocli, Good-
win, Granpfpr, Grifler, Gurlev, HaiglU, Halo, Hall, Harding,
Holmnn, Kellev, Francis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lnzear, Leary, Mullrny, May, Men-
/.lea, Morris Nixon, Noeil, Odell, Timothy G Phel|H, Pike,
Potter, Potter. Alexander H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, toar-
"U'nt, Re"ar, Shanks-, Sherman, Shiel, Smith,John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stilo, Stiatton, Benjamin F. '1 homas,
Francis Thomas, Tnnvbmlse, Verree, Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Albert S. White, Wickhfi'e, Wihson, and Win-
dow—78.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the tabic.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the piuvious question.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw the demand, and
allow an amendment to be offered. Many of us
voted against the motion to lay on the table with
the expectation of amending the resolution'.
Mr. ANCONA. I am willing to withdraw the
demand for that purpose if gentlemen think the
bill is not sufficiently guarded. I think it is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I trust this bill may be per-
mitted to go to the Gommittee on Pensions.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question to per-
mit an amendment to be offered?
Mr. ANCONA. I do.
Mr. STEVENS. I think such a bill ought to
be very carefully drawn. I believe that in its pres-
ent condition it will be very much misconstrued.
I will now move to amend by striking out the
words "or disease contracted. ' _
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman a single question. X ask him how
many men he supposes this resolution will dis-
charge from the Army in the next ninety days who
•may hav.e received some little scratch or wound,
and who will, if this resolution is passed, receive
pensions and bounty ?
Mr. ANCONA. I cannot answer the question
as to how many men will be discharged by this
resolution from the Army. I do not think it will
dl Mr^fiORRILL, of Vermont. My fear is that
it will discharge not less than fifty thousand men.
I desire to know how many million dollars it will
take to pay these pensions and bounty ?
Mr. ANCONA. I will reply that whatever it
will require, if it is justly due these volunteers,
thev should have it. Prom the assurances 1 have
had,it was thcgeneral impression when these men
were enlisted that they should receive their #101)
bounty. I think those who have been disabled by
disease contracted in the service should receive
this bounty, as well as the heirs of those who-
have died in the service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to say
that we have already had several legislative acts
passed during the present session in relation to
this very item, and that it is necessary, if any
such act is to be passed in addition, that it should
be very carefully drawn, even to accomplish the
purpose the gentleman desires to accomplish. It
seems to me, therefore, that it would be better to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with leave to report at any time.' .
Mr. ANCONA. I am willing the resolution
should be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. If it goes to'the Military Committee
we shall not hear of it again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am willing it
shall go to that committee, and will make that
motion if the gentleman will withdraw his demand
for that purpose.
Mr ANCONA. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now submit
the'motion that the joint resolution be committed
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ANCONA. With leave to reporf-at any
'"The joint resolution was accordingly referred.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; to which the Speaker thereupon affixed
his signature:
An act (S. No. 350) to suspend temporarily the
operation of an act entitled "An act to prevent
and punish frauds on the part of officers intrusted
with making of contracts for the Government,"
approved June 2, 1862;
An act (S. No. 348) for the better government
of the Navy of the United States;
An act (S. No. 202) requiring the commanders
of American vessels sailing to foreign ports, and
persons prosecuting claims, to take the Oath of al-
legiance; and
An act (S. No. 376) to allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of money expended
by said State in the arming and paying of troops
employed in the suppression of insurrection against
the laws of the United States.
district amusements.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked leave to introduce and
have put on its passage a bill to regulate public
places of amusement in the District of Columbia.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope thegentleman will
withdraw his objection. It is a very brief bill, to
which I do not think there should be any objee-
tion. „ , . .
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw my objection
for the present.
Mr F A. CONKLING. 1 object.
• Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to suspend the
rules.
The bill was read inextenso.
