1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2437
ceivc it to be a matter of justice in the. first place
to the owners of this property. The Government
has taken possession of these buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the gentle-
man whether the Government took forcible pos-
session of the buildings?
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say forcible pos-
session. I always mean what I say, and I do not
mean what I do not say. [Laughter.]
The Government has been for some time in pos-
session of these buildings, using them as a hos-
pital. If the Government should relinquish them,
they would not be very suitable for dwellings
again hereafter. Alterations were made by the
Government to accommodate them for hospital
purposes, such as to render them unfit for resi-
dences.
I think I have detected, in the opposition to this
bill, a good deal of incongruity, inconsistency,
and contradiction ofstatemcnt. YVe have men ris-
ing hero and saying they are going to vote against
this bill, one becausc Breckinridge owns one of
the buildings, and others for various reasons,
which they assign. When I see a measure op-
posed in that manner, I am induced to think there
is something else than the reasons alleged.
Now, sir, one gentlemap says that hospitals
ought to be built outside of the city, that they
ought to be built upon an eminence. He says this
is not a desirable location for a hospital. Why
not? It is upon a rise of ground, and so far as I
can discover, a very eligible position. But if it
is necessary that hospitals should be established
outside of the city, why does the Government
maintain them in the city? Here is one on Judi-
ciary square, and if I am not mistaken there arc
two or three others in the city. I cannot exactly
specify their localities.
It seems the Government has selected this local-
ity, and finds these buildings serviceable for the
puiposes to "which they are now devoted, and I
cannot, therefore, suppose that in the opinion of
the Government it is an improper location. As
for the price, I understand it is about the cost of
the buildings, and I think it a fair price. I would
not vote for more, and 1 do not think it ought to
be less.
The amendment submitted by Air. Richardson
was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred upon the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
by reducing the amount to £>20,000. I am opposed
to this bill, for the reason that I believe it to be
wholly unnecessary. I think it has been clearly
admitted in the course of this debate, by the friends
of the bill, that the object is simply to give a pension
to a certain interest. Now, I appcol to the House
if we, representing the country, burdened as we arc
with debt, staggei ing under the mighty weight of
sustaining the war for the overthrow of the rebel-
lion, are m a situation to commence our donations
by thousands and tens of thousands? I admit
that we have already commenced that process—
that $35,000 was voted this morning for that pur-
pose.
The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania has stated
that we have taken possession of this property, i
ask him whether he means that it was taken pos-
session of foicibly. Ho stated that he meant what
lie said when I asked him the question, and 1 say
that the fair inference from what he said was that
the Government had taken forcible possession of
this propertyand was destroying it. He argued
as though (li.it were the*reason why we should
pay for this property. Now, I understand that
it was taken possession of by the mutual consent
of all parties, by the consent of the Government
and of the panics who owned the property; and
that whatever improvements had been made in
order to make it acceptablc as a hospital had been
made by the consent of the owners.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maine, I will state that he mis-
understands me. 1 did not state that the Govern-
ment had taken forcible possession of the property
and was destroying it. I only said that the Gov-
ernment was m possession of the property, and
that it had been in possession of it for some time.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I am very glad to
be corrected. I am very sorry to see a disposition
evinced here to drive through a proposition of this
kind on a five minutes debate. To be sure, an
hour was allotted to each member for the discus-
sion of this subject, but that time, unfortunately,
was taken up in the consideration of other mat-
ters; and we are now only allowed five minutes
apiece.
Mr. Chairman, there is no necessity for this
action. We have leased this property for a series
of months, or for a year, and before that lease ex-
pires I trust that this war will be. over. There
will then be no necessity for this building. I un-
derstand that it was erected in the days of great
speculation, when those who built it, imagining
themselves to be very rich, spared no expense.
Gentlemen of this Iiouse will see how extrava-
gantly everything about it has been provided, if
they will examine it as I did this morning. The
block is made up of three houses, which would be
very beautiful private residences for those who
wish to occupy them; but they are utterly unfit
for a hospital. And I undertake to say, after hav-
ing advised with gentlemen who are capable of
building a hospital, and who are ready to give
bonds to do it, that for one third of the amount
the bill proposes to pay the owners involved, they
will build a better and more convenient hospital
than these buildings can be turned into. 1 ask
whether we are to follow out this matter; whether
we are to give $35,000m the morning and §75,000
m the evening? I sec conservative men on the
other side voting for these propositions, and once
in a while a sinner from this side. [Laughter.]
I think it is very nearly time for members to grow
seriously alarmed for the Treasury. I protest
against this waste of the public money. If Mrs.
Douglas, as has been suggested, is needy—if she
is more needy than the thousands of widows who
have been made so recently by this rebellion—
help her; but if she is not, in God's name, help
them all, as well as Mrs. Douglas, or else you
will not act justly.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
{ wonder if there be in this House one single
gentleman who believes this bill would ever have
been proposed except through the motive of doing
an act of kindness to a lady whose situation com-
mends her to the sympathy and respect of this
House? I think, sir, that every advocate of this
bill will say that I am rightin nflirmingthat, with-
out that motive, no such proposition as this would
ha\ e been presented here. I tlnnk everybody will
agree that no one would have proposed to locate,
in the city of Washington, in time of war, for a
temporary and passing purpose, a permanent hos-
pital at the rate of something like $100,000, all told.
Certainly, we ail know, when this occasion has
passed by, there will be no necessity for this build-
ing, however fit it may be m its charactcr and lo-
cation. Ceitainly, we know if there was a want
here for a permanent establishment of this sort it
would never have entered into the jaded ingenuity
of any gentleman, however ingenious he might be,
to provide that a certain purchase should be made;
that a particular building should be bought; and
that, without stopping to chaffer, without pro-
posing to provide any mode of assessment, and
without fixing a certain sum, I do not care whether
it is in the form that no more than a certain sum
shall be appropriated or not. Therefore I say I
am warranted in saying, without this motive this
bill would not be here.
Let us look at it a moment. Who arc we here
to-day, voting on this amendment? Simply a board
of trustees, a board of direetois, nothing else,
managing the affairs of that great corporation—if
I may so call that which we call the Government.
Suppose we were trustees, the guardians of a
waid, the directors of a bank, or any other per-
sons bound to administer, on the strictest princi-
ples of law, the estate put into our hands; should
we treat with questions of sympathy and motives
of this sort? The good Book has said: "To ev-
eiything there is a season, and a time for every
purpose under heaven." Yes, Mr. Chairman,
there is a fitting place and a fitting time togiveup
to the pulse of sympathy and passion. But in
the name of common honesty, is this, or is any
place where trustees sit dispensing a trust fund,
the proper place to say what widows have been
made needy by this war? I think not. I know
it js an ungracious thing,particularly m a caseof
this sort, to make suggestions of this kiucl. ^ I
make them, not in criticism of any position which
any gentleman occupies, and I make them with
very little hope that they will change the vote of
any member. Sheridan said that lie heard a great
many speeches which changed his opinions, but
none which changed his vote; and I think there
is too much in that to suppose that I am going to.
change any votes here. But I do want to say, as
I do not occupy a great deal of time on the sub-
ject of economy, that, however much I may b#
disposed, as a question of feeling, however much
I might have rejoiced as a question of sympathy
to see this good luck fall to this lady, I can never
vote to expend $75,000 to pay for these buildings,
one of which is to bring $40,000, and the other
two $35,000.
[Here the hammerfel!.]
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Maine,
was rejected.
The question then recurred on the substitute of
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the House will
notofferthe indignity to Mrs. Douglas of voting
her a gratuity as is proposed by the substitute
of the gentleman from Vermont. I ask that of
this House, and I have a right to ask it.
On a division there were—ayes 44, noes 46.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After what the
gentleman from Illinois has stated, I withdraw
the substitute which I have submitted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and in lieu of it to insert the
following:
That the ■sum of ,"590,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appiopiiatcd, payable out of any money in the Treasury of
the United States not otherwise appiopuaicd, to purchase
the building', lots, and appurtenances, on the estate of the
late S. A. Douglas in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, now occupied by the United States, and known
as the''Douglas hospital," consisting of lot numbered one,
designated as Douglas's subdivision of squaic five hundred
and sixtv. The Secietaiy of the Ticasury is hereby required
and authonzed to pay the ownei thereof $20,000 for the
buildm? and lot owned bv lnm, whenever the Attorney
General of the United States shall have examined or
caused to be examined the title of the owner to the lot,
building, and picinises In the '-aid Mjuaie, and shall certify
to the, Secretaiy of the Tieasury that the. title of the owner
is perfect and valid, and is free from all incumbrances
whatever, and that the said owner has executed to the Uni-
ted States deeds of conveyance in fee r imple, with cove-
nants of general wariantv, and aNo with a warranty that
the Jot is free fiom all incumbrances, and that said deeds
aio ready to be delivered by him on the payment of the
money.
Mr. Chairman, the purpose of that amendment
is palpable. It is to purchase Mrs. Douglas's
property and to pay her $20,000 for it.
Mr. RICHARDSON". That is not enough.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment of" the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I am sorry, in the discussion which has
taken place, it has been made to appear that the
only object of this bill was to benefit Mrs. Doug-
las, without icgard to the public interests. I think
the proposition made by the gentleman from Ver-
mont was wrong m regard to that matter. When
the Committee for the District of Columbia au-
thorized the reporting of this bill, it seems to me
that it contained provisions which I do not find
in the one now pending. I am of the opinion that
this bill does not correspond with what I under-
stood to be the views of the committee. The bill
which they authorized to be reported was not for
the benefit of any particular person; but it pro-
vided for the purchase of these three buildings, to
be used as a hospital. They were considered to
have been offered at a price lower than similarac-
commodations could be procured elsewhere. The
committee may have been mistaken; but I am sat-
isfied that such was the impression that had been
made on their minds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would like to
. know whether the medical authorities have re-
ported in favor of this proposition.
Mr. DUNN. I am not able to answer.
Mi' RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Indiana will permit me, I will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont. At thetime
the bill was reported, there was a communication
from the Surgeon General, or the medical director
of the Army. Subsequent to his report on the
subject, he was placed under arrest; and his au-
thority, therefore, was not used.
Mr. SHANKS. Was lie arrested for having
made that repoit? [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. He was arrested on an
entirely different ground, as the gentleman very
well knows. The Surgeon General, I will repeat,
