1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339?
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust the gentleman will
allow his bill to be referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia. There are many good
things in it, but it is not such a bill as ought to
pass without a good deal of consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With that under-
standing, I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then introduced, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER^ TABLE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bills on the Speaker's table were then taken
up and disposed of, as follows:
COMPETENCY 02 WITNESSES.
House bill No. 390, in relation to the compe-
tency of witnesses in trials of equity and admi-
ralty, was taken from the Speaker's table with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, the question
being on concurring in the amendments of the
Senate.
First amendment:
After the word " trial,'1 in line four, insert the words " at
common law."
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment: v
Add at the end of the bill a? follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That so much of sec-
tion twenty-nine of the act entitled " An act to establish
judicial couits of the United Stares," approved September
24, 1789, as requires, in cases punishable with death, twelve
petit jurors to be summoned from the county where the
offenses were committed, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
MARTIN F. CONWAY. 9
Mr. MENZIES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of taking up and putting
on Us passage House bill No. 398, for the relief
of Martin F. Conway.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I object to that bill.
Mr. MENZIES. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
TRANSFER OF THE WESTERN GUNBOAT FLEET.
An act (H. R. No. 518) transferring the west-
ern gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy De-
partment.
Amendment of the Senate:
Add the following:
Provided, That the vessels now under construction or
repair by authority of the War Department shall be paid for
and fitted up under the authority of that Department, from
appropriations made for that purpose.
The amendment was concurred in.
HEIRS OF ROBERT L. STEVENS, DECEASED.
Joint resolution (S. No. 99) releasing to the
heirs-at-law of Robert L. Stevens, deceased, all
right, title, and interest of the United States in and
to Stevenss3 battery.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
^previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASH BURNE moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
Tk* latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE GRANTED.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
I have not been absent one day during the present
session, and I now ask that I shall be excused
after to-day from further service during the re-
mainder of the session.
There was no objection, and it wasorderedac-
cordingly.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
| An act (S. No. 365) for the admission of the
State of West Virginia into the Union, and fori
other purposes. '
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SEGAR. I object to the third reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question must be put to
the House.
Mr. SEGAR moved that the' bill be laid upon
the table.
On a division, there were—ayes 32, noes 59.
Mr. CALVERT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia to withdraw his motion to
lay upon the table, in order that a motion may be
made to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until December next.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not in order during the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Baxter, BIddle, Geoigc
H. Browne, Butfinton, Calvert, Itoscoe Conkling, Con-
way, Cox, Cnsfield, Davis, Dawes, Dunlap, Eliot, Ely,
Gooch, Granger, Grtder, Haight, Hall, Harding, Jackson,
Kelley, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, McPherson, Mallory, May,
Menzies, Justin S. Morrill, Pendleton, John S. Phelps,
Potter, Alexander H. Rice, Segar, Slue!, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Fiancis Thomas, Webster, and Wickliffe
—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Benman,
Binsham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William
G. Brown, Casey,Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Covode, Cutlei, Duell, Dunn, Edwards Fenton, Fest en-
den, Fisher, Frank, Goodwin, Gurlev, Hanchett, Holtnan,
Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McICnight, Maynard,
Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter. John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shella-
baiger, Sherman, Sloan, Smith. Spauldtng, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Ttain, Trimble, Tiowbridge, Verree,
Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbui te, Albert S. White,
Wilson Windom, and Woicester—70.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. ANCONA stated that he was paired with
Mr. Whaley, and that he would have voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Sheffield, was detained from
the House by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. FENTON. Is the motion to postpone now
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the call for the
previous question is pending.
Mr. FENTON. Then let us vote down the
demand for the previous question.
On seconding the demand for theprevious ques-
tion, on a division, there were—ayes 30, noes 59.
Mr. McKNIGHT demanded tellers.
Tellers wcie ordered; and Messrs. Blair, of
Virginia, and Calvert were appointed.
The previous question was not seconded; the
tellers having reported—ayes 44, noes 62.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
the second Tuesday in December next; and on
that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the previous question
in order that I may make a statement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I decline to with-
draw it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. If this motion be
agreed to, it will be equivalent to killing the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ashley, Baily,
Baxter, Biddle, Geor«e II. Bnnvnc, Buffinton, Calveit,
Campbell, Fiedenck A. Conkling. Roscoe Conkling, Con-
way, Covode, Cox, Crisfield, Crittenden, Davis, Dawes,
Dunlap, Edw.uds, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Gooch, Grangei,
Gndor, Haight. Hall, Hauling, Jackson, Julian, Kelley,
Kerrigan, Ivuapp. Law, Loomi*, Mcpherson, Malloiy, May,
Menzies, Justin S. Moinli, Nixon, Odell, Pendleton, John
S. Plielp*, Puttoi, Alexander II. Rice, Kdwaid II. Rolling
Segar, Sluel, William G.Steele,Stevens,Sales, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Verree, Wall, Wal-
ton, Ward, Webster, and Wickliffe—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Beaman, Bingham,
Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blajr, Blake, William G. Brown,
Casey,Clements, Colfax, Cutler, Duell, J'essendf.n, Fisher,
Frank, Goodwin, Hatichett, Holirian, Hooper, Hutching,
Francis W. Kellogg,'William Kellogg, Lazear, Leary,LOVC-
joy,Low,McKmght,Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
Morrill, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, John H. Rice,
Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabarfcer, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stiatton, Trimble, Trowbridge;
Van Horn,Washburne,Alberts. White, Wilson. Windoni,
and Worcester—53.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the further consideration
of the bill was postponed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that motion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do insist on it.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the y easand naya.
I he yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Segar were appointed.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table, the tellers having reported—ayes 60, nays
EMPLOYMENT OF CONVICTS,
. Mr. TRAIN submitted a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on Senate joint resolution
No. 86, regulating the employment of convicts in
the penitentiary m the District of Columbia for
their improvement and benefit. It recommends
that the Senate should recede from its disagree-
ment to the first amendment* of the House, and
should agree to the same, and that the House
should recede from its second amendment.
The report was adopted.
SLAVE TRADE.
An act (S. No. 385) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled * An act in ad-
dition to the acts prohibiting the slave trade.' "
The bill was read a first and second time, ordered
to a third reading, and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
CALLING OUT TIIE MILITIA.
An act (S. No. 394) to amend the act calling
forth the militia to execute the lawsoftheUnion,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, ap-
proved February 28, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BIDDLE. I appeal to my colleague not
to insist on the demand for the previous question.
This is too important a measure to be passed with-
out scrutiny and discussion. Some of the provis-
ions of the bill I would like to vote for, but there
are others I doubt whether I have the right to vote
for.
Mr. STEVENS. It is because it is important
that I insist on the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLDDLE. I rise to a question of order.
This bill makes an appropriation of $10,000,000,
and, under the rules, must have its first consider-
ation in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill, as it came from the
Senate, does not contain any such appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 77; as folloNvs:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Bid-
die, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Crisfield, Dunlap,
Fouke, Glider, Hall, Harding, Holiimn, Kerrigan, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, MaMoiy, May, Maynard, Menzies, Pendleton,
John S. Phelps, Shiel, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Webster, and Wickliffe—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffin-
ton, Campbell, Coliax. Roscoe Conkling, Cutler, Davis,
Dawe^, Duell, Dunn, Edwaid-*, Cty, Fenton, Fosscnden,
Fiank, Goodwin, Granger, llaighr, Hale, Hancliett, Hooper,
Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogsr, William Kellogg,
Leary, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, MeKnigbt, McPherson,
Mooihead, Anson P. MomlJ, S Mornll, Nixon,
Noeil, Olin, Patton. Tunorhy G Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pot-
ter, Alexandei H. Rice, John H. Rice, Kiddle, Edwaid H.
Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Sher-
man, Smith, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
