1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
shall take cffect the President of the United States shall j
cause it, to be published in two daily newspapers printed j
and published in the District of Columbia for the period of j
thirty days; and when the same shall have been to pub- :
lisheel, the President of the United >Sfate* shall, by his proc-
lamation, appoint a time and places in the said District for
taking the sense of the citizens thereof for or againbt the
adoption of the said act; and be shall cause judges to be
selected, who shall preside at such election, and he shall
provide and proclaim the manner and rules of conducting
the same: Provided, That every free white male citizen of
the United States above the age of twenty-one years, who
lias resided in the said District for one year next preceding
said election, shall be permitted to vote thereat. And the
result of the said election shall be reported by the said
judges to the President; and in case it shall appear by the
result of the said election that the citizens of the said Dis-
trict have, by a majority of votes, decided in favor of the
said act, that thereupon the said President shall, by his
Sroclamation, declare it to be in force as a law of the said
•istrict of Columbia; and the same, when so proclaimed,
shall, from the day of the date of said proclamation, be and
remain the law of said Oisti iot, without any further act or
proceedings to that effect, but not otherwise. And that the
expenses incurred in carrying out the provision of thissec-
tion shall be paid out of the Treasury of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Had the Chair
been aware of the nature of theamendmentoffeied
by the Senator from Virginia, he would have
ruled it to be in order to offer it after the substi-
tute of the Senator from New Hampshire should
have been adopted, bccausc if is mere additional
matter without qualifying or modifying any of
the original amendment. It is quite proper, how-
ever, to consider it now, and the question is on
the amendment to the substitute, proposed by the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 desire to offer a very few ob-
servations in explanation of the amendment. It
is very likely that the bill will pass. 1 have here-
tofore announced to the Senate that I could not
vote for it, but I understand it to be parliamentary
and entirely proper to make the bill as acceptable
as the nature of the case may be, although there-
after 1 shall feel it to be my duty to vote against
the whole bill.
One of the reasons why I think this amendment
ought to be adopted is, that the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia occupy an anomalous relation
to this Government. They have no representa-
tive upon the floor, nor have they any in the other
end of the Capitol. They are without representa-
tion in Congress; their voice cannot be heard upon
this floor; Lneir wishes cannot be made known
through any agency of their own. I think, there-
fore, in a matter so fundamental in its relations to
their interests at* this bill, it would be eminently
proper to allow the people of the District of Co-
lumbia to express their wishes in the premises,
more especially as it seems to me that the District
of Columbia is soon to be very seriously affected
by this class of free population. The passage of
this bill may not increase the number of free ne-
groes in the District of Columbia very greatly. I
have no doubt it is true, as is alleged by Senators,
that the apprehension of the passage of the bill is
already leading and will continue to lead to the
removal of the most valuable part of the slave pop-
ulation from the District; hut then the progress of
this war, the result of freedom and free principles,
the inevitable result of the fact, not far distant,
that Virginia will be free, will lead to this District
ere long being overwhelmed with a free negro pop-
ulation, to the great detriment and to the great in-
convenience of the white population. The people
of fins District see this; they have apprehended
this a great while, arid it seems to me that they
ought to be consulted respecting a measure which
even leads in a small degree to the increase of the
evil thus apprehended.
So much, very briefly, for that reason. An-
other reason, Mr. President, I will state in brief.
It is a fact recognized in this country, that all just
government deiivcs its authority from the consent
of the governed. I have looked into the arts of
cession of the States of Virginia and Maryland of
this territory which is now the District of Colum-
bia,and I can find nothing in them that would, in
my mind, interpose any absolute legal objection
to the exercise of this power on the part of Con-
gress. There was no reservation; they ceded this
territory to the General Government for the pur-
poses set forth in the constitutional provision and
in the acts of cession themselves, without any limit
and without any condition; but, sir, I imagined
that it never entered into the consideration of the
Legislatu re of Vi rginia or Maryland which passed
these acts of cession at that day, that such a ques-
tion as this would ever arise. At that time almost
every State in the Union—I believe every State
but one—was a slaveholding State. The Legis-
latures of Virginia and ofMaryland ceded this ter-
ritory to the United States, and with it they ceded
a portion of their population to the jurisdiction of
the United States, with all their rights and immu-
nities, never dreaming, perhaps never conceiving,
that the time would arrive when it might become
necessary, in the administration of the General
Government, to interfere with the fundamental
rights of property guarantied to them by the laws
and constitutions of Virginia and Maryland at the
time of the acts of cession; and now it seems to
me eminently proper that this people, in a matter
like this, should be consulted. If, as the honor-
able Senator from Illinois says he has no doubt
is the case, a majority of them are in favor of this
measure, no harm can be done; but it seems to
me that they ought to be allowed to express their
opinion in this matter.
There is another reason—and I merely mention
these reasons briefly without elaborating them—
and a reason which comes home personally to
myself with greater influence than any other rea-
son. I rejoice in the inmost recesses of my heart
in the noble sentiments expressed by the distin-
guished Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] a
little while ago. Sir, I shall send his speech into
my State wherever it can reach a loyal man, and
it will carry joy and confidence from the charac-
ter of the source from which it emanated into the
minds and the hearts of the loyal people. I do
not pretend to say that I did not know that he
entertained the sentiments which he so well ex-
pressed. I do not pretend to say that I had any
apprehension that a majority of the Republican
party intended by any legislation here to inter-
fere with the institution of slavery in the States
where it exists, but I rejoice to-day that we have
a further expression from so high an authority as
his that I may send home to my constituents to
allay their apprehension and excitement, which
all must acknowledge are natural under the cir-
cumstances at this day. There is a sensitiveness
there which Senators who have not been in the
South perhaps are not aware of. There is an ap-
prehension there that more is meant by this hill
than appears on the face of it. There is a wide-
spread suspicion and dread that it is the intention
of the dominant power in Congiess at this time to
carry emancipation into the States. I am willing
to admitthatit is an apprehension that has nojust
foundation in truth; I rejoice in that bclief;*but
nevertheless that does not alter the fact that such
an apprehension exists in the southern States.
Now, sir, all our hopes of reorganization de-
pend on the Union sentiment of the South. Let
Senators remember that never, never, while the
sun shines, can this Government be reorganized
if the wholesentimentof the South is consolidated
against it. You may slay every man, woman,
and child, and reestablish the Government after-
wards; but it cannot be reestablished if you instill
into those people that it is your intention to tram-
ple beneath your feet summarily their dearest and
most cherished constitutional rights. Now, sir,
in this matter all I ask is, that you will pay some
regard to an unfounded and unjustifiable misap-
prehension. There is wisdom, sometimes, m
conceding to an apprehension that is unjustifiable,
when great mischief must grow out of the fact that
you do not concede something to it.
I want to apply these remarks to this amend-
ment. My friend and colleague knows how fre-
quently we heard the old maxim of government
repeated last spring in the convention, that " all
authority of government is derived from the con-
sent of the governed; we wish to secedc; the peo-
ple have a right to secede in the South, because
they do not consent to be governed by the Con-
stitution of the United States any longer; they
wish to withdraw." I wanttoput the argument
into the mouths of the loyal men to meet the in-
fluence of your action here, all through the border
States, and let them say: " this matter was sub-
mitted to the people of the District of Columbia,
and they have ratified and confirmed the bill by
their express \ote at the polls," and silence the
objection. The great object I have in offering this
amend mentis to put that argument into the mouths
of the loyal people of the slaveholding States to
meet the denunciations and charges of disloyalists
there that this measure is a stepping-stone towards
universal emancipation in the South. Why can
you not give us that argument? Is it not just and
right in itself? Does it violate any principle to
refer this matter to the vote and wishes of the
people? If, as my friend from Illinois said awhile
ago, it is true that the majority of the people in
this District are in favor of this measure, your
wishes will not be prevented from their accom-
plishment by the adoption of this amendment,
while yo\x will give us an argument to sustain our-
selves in the border slaveholding States, and to
resist the charges that will be made against us when
we go home, for having been perhaps unfaithful
public servants in not resisting more steadfastly
and steadily this movement here.
There is one other objection which I shall sim-
ply allude to, and then take my seat. The reso-
lution, called the President's resolution, I intend
to vote for. It meets my approbation; and the
more I think about it, the more I believe it is cor-
rect, and that it will be a balm to heal the bleeding
wounds of our country at last. I can say to my
honorable and distinguished friend from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] that if the moral, legitimate in-
fluence of such a resolution, and such action on
the part of Congress, does affect slavery in the
South and lead to its ultimate extinction, I here,
as a Virginia Senator, boldly avow that I do not
object to it on that ground. It has my heart's
approbation. I stand for the Constitution, and
only for that. That resolution will pass the Sen-
ate undoubtedly. Why not let the same princi-
ple apply to the District of Columbia, composed
of parts of the States of Virginia and Maryland
originally, which we propose to apply to the States
themselves? Let the people ask for it, and then
give them the aid. Let the people vote in favor
of this proposition, and if they do, then give them
the aid. That is all I have to say.
Mr. POMEROY. I have listened with some
interest to the remarks of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I think, if I understood his amendment,
he proposes to submit this law, if it shall become
a law, to a vote of the people. The question oc-
curred to me, if that were so, whether the exist-
ence of the law was to depend upon a vote of the
people, whether the people could be said to have
enacted the law, or Congress.
Mr. WILLEY. Both.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend myself that if
we make a law, it becomes a law by act of Con-
gress, and not by a vote of the people. The peo-
ple of this District are not the law-making power.
They are not even represented, as the Senator
says. They cannot make laws through their rep-
resentatives, for they have not any. Now, I ask
if they can make laws at the ballot-box by voting
that certain bills shall be laws?
Rut if this matter was really to be submitted to
the people of this District it would be different.
It is proposed to submit a question of a change of
relation between master and slave. I ask the Sen-
ate in all fairness whether one party alone should
vote; whether it is not as much for the interest of
one of these parties to be heard at the ballot-box
as the other? I still say that there are some rights
that even black men have. If we are going to leave
this question to the people to vote upon it, I insist
that the Senator from Virginia should amend his
amendment, by striking out at least two words—
"free white." If he will strike out those two
words, and let every person who has arrived at
the age of twenty-one years vote, there will at least
be fairness in submitting this question to a vote
of the people. As the question affects both par-
tics alike, and as it is as much for the interest
of the colored man as the white man, I should
like to know why he may not vote on it, I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Virginia to
amend his amendment by striking out those two
words, "free white;" and if we are to have an
election in this District on the subject, let us have
a fair vote of all the parties in interest. These men
who are to receive some three hundred dollars
apiece for all their slaves, on an average, are going
to vote, and I should like to know why those who
are subject, those who are to become free, if they
are to become free at all, by this law, may not also
vote. It is as much an object for them to get their
freedom as it is for the other party to get their
$300; and both parties being interested, they both
should vote alike. That is the point. I only want
to hold the balance even and fair, and I insist that
before I vote for this amendment, the amendment
I have suggested shall be made to it.
