■456
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
jnaji's question, as'fully as it can be answered in
the premises. - I do not know what claims have
-been rejected;-and, therefore, cannot answer that
branch of his question to my own satisfaction.
But I beg leave to say that this bill does provide
in terms that the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to settle and ad-
just claims on account of the several loyal States
against the United States, for advances made and
liabilities incurred for the subsistence, clothing,
supplying arms,and transporting troops employed
in aiding to suppress the present rebellion. It
directs him to settle them upon proper vouchers,
to be filed with the proper adcounting officers of
theTreasury,and it provides that the certificates
of the Governor, secretary of state, auditor, or
treasurer of such State, shall be deemed and taken
to be sufficient evidence of the payment, or of the
liability incurred. The bill expressly directs the
payment of the liabilities incurred upon the pres-
entation of the vouchers named in the bill, and
leaves him no discretion in the premises. The
question then simply is, whether the House will
sustain the amendmentrecommcnded by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to strike out the word
" sufficient," and annex a proviso authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, to
take further proof in the premises?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, resumed the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know of my
colleague whetherit is intended that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall pay, upon vouchers fur-
nished by the (governor or secretary of a State,
claims that arise after the General Government
has sent its officers, its quartermasters, and com-
missaries to supply all the troops in that State?
In other words, whether the Government must pay
expenses incuired by quartermasters and com-
missaiirs employed by theStates,after the United
States Government has sent its own officers to
discluuge thuNe duties?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will answer the
question of my colleague, and also that of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Air. P. A.Conkling.]
I will say to the gentleman from New York that
this bill was framed with no intention of reaching
claims that are in dispute, or of reaching objected
claims. It is for the sole purpose of having the
■•hums of States adjusted in a fair, clear, and sat-
lsiaeiory manner.
Mr. F. A. CONIvLING. I venture to appeal
onee more to tho gentleman Aom Illinois, before
he leaves tins branch of the subject, to know
whether it will not be the effect of this bill to reach
the class of claims to which 1 have referred ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think it will not.
I will say to my colleague [Mr, Richardson] that
it is not the intention of (his bill to reach claims
for the furnishing of supplies which the Govern-
ment itself was piepared to furnish; but simply,
now at this tune, to ^ei an adjustment for supplies
that have been furni.shed by the Suites at ihe so-
licitation and with the approval of the Geneial
Government.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to propound one
further question to my colleague. 1 think the
Government onghtto pay all just and proper claims
of the States. What 1 want to call my colleague's
attention to is tins: 1 see that in a recent report
the quarteimaster general of the State of Illinois
states that he has made contracts to the amount of
$900,000—in round numbers, £1,000,000—which
had not yet been consummated. Dui ing t he month
of Decemhei, oi late in November, the Govern-
ment of the United Status t-ent to Illinois its quar-
termasters and commissaries to supply the ijoops
lairjcd by that State with ali that they were en-
titled to under the Army regulations. Now, if I
understand this proposition—and if J misunder-
stand it I will thank my colleague to correct me
—all that will be necessary, in o:dcr to make the
United States ie&ponsihlc for the supplies thus
contracted for, will be for the Governor oi secre-
tary of the State to certify that they have been
delivered. Am I mistaken m that?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illh iois. I think most
clearly so. 1 have heard somewhat on the sub-
ject to which my colleague refers; and I will say
to him that this bill contemplates only payment
for articles winch have been actually furnished to
our ti oops.
My colleague will remember that last fall there
was a general order that the States should furnish
the supplies needed by their troops Contracts
■were made in our State, and in other States, as 1
understand, to furnish the S,tate troops with sup-
plies which the General Government could not at
that time, and ditfnotfurnish. When, however,
the United States Government had arrived at that
point in the organization of the Army that it
could properly equip and supply its troops, then
the States ceased to equip and supply them. Such
I understand to be the condition of things in Illi-
nois. ThatStateis not now, and has not been fur-
nishing supplies in conflict with the Government
authorities. I recollect that at one time a little
difficulty did grow up on this subject between the
Government quartermaster and the State author-
ities. I learned it from the papers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I derived my informa-
tion from the same source.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to say, if the gentle-
man from Illinois will allow me, that I think this
whole discussion must have satisfied the House
of one thing; and that is, that this bill ought to be
printed. It concerns all the States of the Union,
and I would like to know what is in it that relates
to my own State, so that I may vote intelligently
on it. There is no necessity for prompt action on
the bill, and I therefore suggest to the gentleman
that instead of moving the previous question, he
allow the bill to be printed, and postponed to some
early day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I simply desire to say that
this bill is one of the most important that has been
before the House during the present session. It
provides for the adjustment of claims amounting
to millions of dollars, and of every conceivable
character. It is admitted that the original bill is
exceedingly imperfect, and while the amendment
reported by the Judiciary Committee is certainly
an improvement, it is still very manifest that the
bill requires safeguards even beyond those sug-
gested. It is too important a measure, it seems
to me, to be disposed of in this hasty manner, and
I hope the gentleman from Illinois will consent
that it be recommitted to his committee and printed,
so that we may all understand its provisions.
Mr. KKLLOGG, of Illinois. Let me say to
gentlemen, in relation to the matter of postpone-
ment, that if they will pay attention to the lan-
guage of the bill, they will be satisfied that there
is no necessity for delay in its passage. The
bill merely proposes to do that which was done
at the last session, with the exception of the pro-
viso in relation to the evidence to be introduced.
The necessity for the passage of this bill is that
the Secretary of the Treasury has decided, as I
understand, that the bill of last session applied
only to supplies furnished before its passage.
I wish to say, further, that gentlemen misap-
prehend the matter if they suppose that it appro-
priates a dollar. It only provides for the mode of
adjustment, and that payment shall be made out
of money to be appropriated hereafter. It only
a.fleets the mode and manner of adjustment.
And now I desne to say a wout in relation to
the pioposition of my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Dsngiiam,] that there should be no dis-
tinct ion made between State authot itiesand private
individuals. I stated before, that, in analogous
claims, there should he, and of right ought to be,
a clear and palpable distinction between them.
The principle is different. When a private indi-
vidual contracts with the Government, he does so
for the purpose of gain, unless contractor have
become so loyal that they are actuated only by
paniotic motives. If that be so, then the Van
Wyck committee has been groping in uncertainty
and error. But in regard to the States, the Gen-
eral Government ur^ed and requested, and the
exigencies of the times required them to act in
tin: capacity of quartermasters, commissaries, and
transportation agents. In other wouls, the State
governments weie asked to send forward regi-
ments. They did so, clothing the men as best
they might,and feeding them as best they could.
And ali that this bill proposes is, that there shall
bean adjustment of the expenditures made and
liabilities incurred by the States; and that the State
governments shall not be compelled to go chaflcr-
ing and proving its vouchers for moneys actually
advanced for supplies. AH that they ought to
and will have t  prove under the operation of this
bill is, that the supplies were furnished, and the
real value thereof. The States will not get a dol-
lar that they have not expended, and even then
will not get all that they have expended where it
appears that they paid too high a price, or sup-
plied inferior articles at a price above their value,
or articles that were not proper to be furnished or
required, under the circumstances of the case.
The Secretary of the Treasury is allowed ample
discretion in judging of the necessity of the sup-
plies.
I am opposed to the amendment; but having
offered it by the direction of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I do not ask that it shall be voted down.
I believe it unnecessary, and opposed it in com-
mittee. Still, having reported it by the direction
of the committee, 1 am willing that it shall be
adopted. 1 desire that all proper guards shall be
thrown around the bill; but I do hope that"the
House will pass upon it now, and not postpone
its consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The bill provides that
the certificate of the Governor, secretary, auditor,
and treasurer of the State, under the seal thereof,
shall be deemed and taken as sufficient evidence.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. By the amend-
ment, the word " sufficient" is stricken out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This certificate is to be
deemed and taken as evidence of the advance and
payment, or of the liability incurred for those pur-
poses; and ofuie propriety and necessity and the
kind and quality of the supplies furnished. Now,
I do not see what is left to be inquired into by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Secretary of
the Treasury has still to inquire, first, into the fact
of whether the Governmentever received the sup-
plies charged for; and, second, as to the value
thereof. The very difficulty which my colleague
sees in the bill is obviated 6y its express provis-
ions. There is no estoppel on the Government
from inquiring in regard to the prices charged, or
in regard to the supplies being furnished.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The language of the
bill is, I think, very plain. It is, that this certifi-
cate shall be deemed and taken as evidence of the
advance and payment, or of the liability incurred
for those purposes, and of the kind and quality
and propriety and necessity of the supplies fi-
nished. Now, I repeat, that I do not see what,
under this bill, there is left for the Secretary of the
Treasury to inquire into.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will again state
to my colleague the effect of the bill. In order
that a claim against the Government shall be good
for supplies furnished, the first thing that is ne-
cessary is to prove that the supplies have actually
been furnished to the United States. That is left,
as it always has been, to be proved on vouchers.
The bill docs not affect that point. The second
point that is left untouched by the bill is the right
of the Secretary of the Treasury to decide what
is a fair price to be paid for the supplies thus
furnished; and this he may do, entirely irrespect-
ive of what prices may have been paid by the
States. The only thing that the bill does is to
make the certificate of the State authorities prima
facie evidence that the State has made the advances
which it claims to have repaid, evidence of the
kind of supplies furnished, and the necessity for
such supplies. It does not make the claim bind-
ing upon the Government, unless it should also
appear, by proper vouchers, that the supplies were
furnished, and that the price paid was proper and
reasonable. For instance, if the State of Indiana
makes a claim of $10,000 for blankets supplied to
her troops, the bill makes the certificate of the
State authorities prima facie evidence that that sum
was actually paid, and what kind of blankets were
necessary, and what kind were furnished. Noth-
ing more. It does not make the certificate proof
of the delivery, nor of the value of the blankets.
Even as to the fact of the advance itself, and as
to the fact of the necessity for the supplies, the
certificate is only made prima facie evidence, and
does not preclude the Secretary from requiring
further evidence.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My understanding of
this thing of prima facie evidence is that such evi-
dence is generally conclusive, where a public offi-
cer would have to go and hunt up testimony. I
am willing to vote for a bill permitting the State
authorities to give a certificate that certain articles
have been delivered, and making that certificate
prima facie evidence of the fact. But the bill should
stop right there; and then the Department should
be at liberty to require vouchers as to quality,
value; &c. Where State officers have paid for
