THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Thomas Train, Trimble, Trowbridge. Van Horn, Verree,
Wail, WaUacft, Walton,' Ward, WiJsori, Wnidom, ami
Worcester—77.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main Question ordered to be put, _
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and nays
oil the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of llie following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 524) prohibiting the confine-
men t of persons in the military service of the United
States in the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia,exceptas a punishment for certain crimes, and
to discharge therefrom certain convictsby sentence
of courts-martial, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 518) transferring the western
gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy Depart-
ment; and
An net (H. R. No. 390) in relation to the com-
petency of witnesses, and for other purposes.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN LAKDNIiR AND OTIIEItS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, a
joint resolution tendering the thanks of Congress
to Captain James L. Lurdner, and other officers
of the Navy, in pursuance of the recommendation
of the President of the United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.nud ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion wns agreed to.
ADDITIONAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent. of the Ilouse to report from the Committee
on Iiuli.in Affairs a joint resolution making fur-
ther nppioprintions for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1863.
Mr. 1<\ A. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that the joint resolution must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution has not
yet been received.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to its re-
ception.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, to hear an explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
objections to be discussed.
NATIONAL FOUNDERIES, ETC.
Mr. M001UIEAD. I ask that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 42) providing for the es-
tablishment of a national foundery east of the
Alleghany mountains, and a national foundery,
a national armory, and a manufacturing arsenal
west of that line and in the valley of the Ohio and
Mississippi, and that the same be considered at
this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution only proposes
an inquiry by a commission.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 call for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
there shall Reestablished within the United States
one national foundery east of the Allegheny mount-
ains, and also one national foundery, one national
armory", and one manufacturing arsenal west of
the Alleghany mountains and m the valley of the
Ohio ana Mississippi, and for the appointment of
a commission of five citizens to locate the said
founderies, armory, and arsenal, who shall, within
sixty days from the time of their appointment,
leport to the Secretary of War, who shall report
the same to Congress, together with an estimate of
the amount necessary for the establishment of the
said founderies, armory, and arsenal; and the res-
olution appropriates $5,000 for the expenses of the
commission.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the ,rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Ilouse to make a brief statement.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection, if the gen-
tleman will permit a statement to be made ill reply.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. I object. I should
like to make a statement myself.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
55, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Aneona, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bailv, Baxter, [Seaman, Biddle, Bin?liam, Samuel S.
ISIalr, 11 lake, William G. Brown, Campbell, Colfax, Dunn,
Fessenilen, Fouke, Goodwin, Granger, Gat ley, Ilanchett,
Hutehins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kelloss, Knnpp, Low, McKniglit, McPhoison, Mcnzies,
Moorhend, Nixon, Noell, Patton, Pendleton, Poller, Potter,
James S. Rollins, Snn?cnt, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sherman,
Stevens, Stiles, Stiatton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Verree,
Wallace, Albeit S. VVIlile, Wilson, Wmdoin, and Woiccs-
l°N AYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Buffinton, Calvert, Colli), Frederick A. Conkling, lloscoe
Colliding, Dawes, Duell, Dunlap, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Frank, Gilder, Oatgbt, Hall, Hauling, Holinan, Hooper,
Law, Lcary, Loomis, Maynsird, Anson P. Monill, Olin,
John 15. Phelps, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, John H.Rice,
Edward II. Rollins, Sliiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train,
Wall, and Wiekliffe—41. *
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
EXTRA PAY OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution, of which I am
sure four fifths oX-tlie members of the House will
be in favor.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rc'solped, That there bo paid out of the contingent fund
oflhls House to Rev. Thomas II. Stockton $450 additional
compensation for Ills services as Chaplain of this House for
the Thirty-Sevenlll Congress.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING and others objected.
Mr. STliVENS. I move a suspension of the
rules; and I call for the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
59, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, William G. Brown, Bufitnton,
Cobb, Conway, Cox, Crisflelil, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Duell,
Eliot, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Gridei, Ualght, Hale, Ilanchet, Hooper, Julian, Kelley,
William Kellogg, Lovejoy, Low, Mcl'bcr-on, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Nixon, I'atlon, Poitei, Alexander II. Rice, John
H. Itice, Sargent, Sodgwlclc, Segar, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Sherman, Spaulding, Stevens, Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trowbndge, Verree, Wall, Walton, Washbuilie,
Webster, Albert S. White, Windom, and Worcester-59.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen,-William J. Allen, An-
eona, Arnold, Jacob 11. Blair, Blake, George II. Browne.
Calvert, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Colliding. Roscoe
Conkling, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Ely,Gurley,Hall, Hard-
ing, Knapp, Law, Loomis, May, Ma> naid, Menzien, John
S. Phelps, Pike, Poiter, Riddle, Erlwaid II.Uollins, James
S. Rollins, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles, Francis
Tlioii^as, Train, Tumble, Wickliffe, and Wilson—41
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
MARTIN F. CONWAY.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of discharging the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of House bill No. 398,
for the relief of Martin F. Conway.
The bill was read. It directs that there shall be
paid to Martin F. Conway $3,176 20, as addi-
tional compensation and mileage to him as a Rep-
resentativ0,111 the Thirty-Sixth Congress from the
State of Kansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether the Delegate from Kanfesdid
not draw his pay and mileage up to the time that
Kansas was admitted as a State?'
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at this
time.'
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to put that question.
There was no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. My intention was to ask
whether, at the last Congress, the Delegate from
Kansas did not draw his mileage and pay up to
the time that Kansas was admitted as a State, and
whether, after that time, the then member—who
is also the present member—did not draw his salary
and mileage; and,furthermore, whether this very
question was not presented at the last Congress
and referred to the Committee of Elections, which
committee unanimously decided against it?
Mr. MENZIES. 1 believe that the Delegate
from Kansas did, as suggested by the gentleman's
question, draw his pay up to the time of the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State. I know nothing as
to the action of the Committee of Elections at jast
Congress. I failed to inform myself on that point.
Mr. McKNIGI-IT. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me a moment? 1 think I can
answer the question.
Mr. MENZIES. Yes.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I believe I can answer the
•juestion of the gentleman from Tennessee ill the
affirmative on every point.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be heard.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to any fur-
ther debate on the motion.
Mr. MENZIES. In answer to the gentleman
from Missouri 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to further debate.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw the ob-
jection.
Mr. MENZIES. I was about to remark that
a direct answer " yes" or "no," to the interroga-
tories put by the gentleman from Tennessee, would
not do justice to the claimant before the House,
and therefore I want to be permitted to enter into
an explanation. The answer " yes" or " no"
might influence the vote on the motion to suspend
the rules, in a way different fiom what it would
b.e if the House understood the substance of the
report of the committee. The Committee of Elec-
tions was fully satisfied that the claimant was here
properly, from the time the petition for the admis-
sion of Kansas as a State was presented to the
Thirty-Sixth Congress. He was here according
to usage, and according to the wishes of his con-
stituents. He had been elected to Congress to take
his seat when the State should be admitted, and
was sent here for the purpose of forwarding tlmt
act. The committee was satisfied that he had a
right to expect earlier action on the claim of Kan-
sas for admission as a State, that the delay was un-
reasonable , and that equity entitled him to compen -
sation from the time when it might reasonably have
been expected that Kansas should be admitted.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended. WEST Virginia.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, asked and obtained
permission to have printed a speech which he had
prepared on the subject of the admission of West
Virginia. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.] /JT?"
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. COX. I move that there be printed five
thousand copies of the correspondence between the
Government and certain European Governments,
now being prepared at the State Departmentunder
the resolution of the House. One thousand of the
same to be for the use of the Department of State.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing
® TIOBERT F. "WINSLOW.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that the Committee ot
the Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 379, for-the relief of Robert F. Winslow.
Mr. TRAIN. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary ot
the Treasury to pay to Robert F. Winslow the
sum of §1,188 82 in full for his services and for
all his disbursements in his attempts to organize a
