1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3399
regiment of volunteers in (he State of Illinois, for
the service of the Unite^ States.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
EXTRA CLERK T# COMMITTEE.
Mr. POTTER. I ask now to offer the resolu-
tion which was objected to some time ago by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wicki.iffe.]
On explanation, he withdraws his objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
is hereby directed to pay out of the amount heretofore ap-
propriated lor the expenses of the select committee on dis-
loyal employes of the Government, on the certificate of the
chairman of said committee, &ueh sum 01 sums as may be
due for the set vices of an extra clerk employed by the com-
mittee in copying testimony.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would like to in-
quire, by permission of the House, what is the
sum required for this purpose?
Mr. POTTER. The original resolution au-
thorized the committee to employ but one clerk.
We have found it necessary this session, in order
to give copies of the testimony to the Departments
and to various individuals charged, to employ a
copying clerk. This is merely to pay him out of
the appropriation already made.
Mr.F.A. CONKLING. Whatis theamount?
Mr. POTTER. I do not know the exact
amount. I think it is four or five hundred dollars.
I have myself been obliged to pay him in part.
There being no objection, the resolution was
offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to amend the
resolution by adding a proviso that no committee
of in vestigation heretofore appointed by the House
shall take any further proceedings until the further
order of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to that as not
germane to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION IN THE STATES.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a resolution for the printing in pam-
phlet form of ten thousand copies of the bill enti-
tled "An act giving the aid of the United States to
certain States on the adoption by them of a sys-
tem of emancipation, and to provide for the col-
onization of free negroes,'5 and of the report of
the select committee thereon, for the use of the
House.
The resolution was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. WALTON also, from the same committee,
reported a resolution for the printing: of five thou-
sand copies of the correspondence between this
Government and certain European Governments;
one thousand copies to be for the use of the De-
partment of State.
The resolution was agreed to.
TREASURY EXTENSION.
Mr. WALL asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Whereas it is set forth in the report of the Committee of
Expenditures on Public Building*, made to this Ilotiso on
the 10th instant, that the officers of the Bureau of Construc-
tion, namely, A. B. Young and Samuel M. Clark, aie, in
the judgment of the committee, not qualified for then po-
sitions, or abuse them, aud should beiemoved: Novv,tlieie-
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he and
hereby is required to stop the tuither payment and disburse-
ment of money for or on account of any work or mateual,
for which proposals have been invited, for the Tieasuiy ex-
tension or any other work, or any vouchers or estimatesfor
work or materials, madeor to be made, by said A. D. Young
and said S. M. Clark; and that said committee be author-
ized to employ some competent person or persons to ex-
amine any or all of the plans and specifications, books, aud
papers, pertaining to the Treasury extension or any other
work done or in progress of being done forthe Government
under the supervision of the Bureau of Construction, tor
the purpose of obtaining suchfurther evidence as the com-
mittee may think proper; and that said committee report
the same to this House at its next session in December next.
Mr. HAIGHT. I object.
Mr. WALL. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and (over two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. WALL moved thepreviousquestion on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be sustained. I desire to
say something on that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Frank and
Gurley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 55.
So the previous^question was not seconded.
Mr. COLFAX/ 1 move to go to the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That motion is not in order while
the House is acting under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. COLFAX. I believe the rules have not
been suspended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The rules have
been suspended, and the resolution introduced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the report of the Committee on Public build-
ings and Grounds having been presented under a
suspension of the rules, a motion to go to business
on the Speaker's table would not be in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The resolution
which is before us proposes to stop some work
now being done upon the Treasury extension. It
also requests the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
move certain gentlemen, who are specified by
name, because a committee of this House have
found them incompetent to discharge the duties
intrusted to them.
Of this matter I have no complaint to make ex-
ceptthis: if the House of Representatives, through
one of its committees, upon the taking of testimony,
have found that there are persons employed upon
this work who are incompetent to discharge their
duties, it is the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to discharge them immediately.
Mi*- WALL. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
cannot withdraw his resolution, it having been
introduced under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WALL. Very well; go on. I have no
objectin n.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Inasmuch as this
resolution is an indirect censure upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, I desire to say a word upon
it. A committee of the House of Representatives,
upon calling before them witnesses, have found
two of the employes of the Treasury Department
incompetent,and they even hmtatsomethingelse,
that they are not honest; and because the Secre-
tary of the Treasury docs not remove them, they
come here hunting after mice, instead of striking
at the man who has the power to set tne matter
right.
You have, then, these facts, that a committee
of this House have reported these two employes,
who hold their offices at the will of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and who still retain their offices,
and they ask tins House to request the Secretary
of the Treasury to remove them. Itseemstome
an astonishing fact that a committee of this House
should attempt, by a single resolution of this
House, to arrest the progress of the work upon one
of the public buildings; for the resolution under
consideration is not a joint resolution, and if it
shall pass, it will be ineffectual to accomplish the
object desired, except so far as it shall be an expres-
sion of opin ion upon the part of the House in rela-
tion to the incompetency of those men. -
Now, I have had no opportunity of examining
the testimony which has been taken by this com-
mittee, nor am I prepared to join issue with them
in the conclusions which they have drawn. One
of these gentlemen, I know, has been for a long
time employed in the Treasury Department as
principal or cluef architect. He has continued in
his employment, if I mistake not, through three
or four different Administrations, and I have never
heard his competency questioned, or his honesty
or integrity impugned. I allude to Mr. Young.
But, sir, I have not risen for the purpose of en-
tering upon the defense of these men. There are
others in the House, I presume, who know them
personally, who know their characters and repu-
tation, and who will vindicate them from the as-
sault which has in this manner been made upon
them, if they need vindication.
But, sir, it seems to me surprising, if the gen-
tlemen composing this committee believe the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has employed men who are
incompetent or dishonest, that another course has
not been pursued. Thegentleman from New York
might have personally called upon the Secretary,
and invited his attention to the fact. If his atten-
tion had been called to the fact, and he had be-
lieved the allegationsagainstthese men to bcrtrue,
I am of opinion he would have dismissed them
forthwith from the public employment. It was
certainly his duty to have dismissed them upon so
grave accusations being presented to him, unless -
he found that the men so arraigned had not been
notified of the charges against them, nor permitted
to appear in their own defense. I desire to in-
quire whether the committee caused these persons
to be informed of the nature of the accusations
against them, and were they permitted to be heard
in their own defense ?
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman desire
an answer ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object to the gentleman from
Missouri yielding the floor, unless he yields un-
conditionally. ^
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well. I
cannot then learn from the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, because the gentleman from Ohio objects,
whether these persons, these employes of the
Treasury Department, arraigned by this commit-
tee, were informed of the nature ot the testimony
against them or not; or whether they were per-
muted to call witnesses in support of their own
conduct. That would seem to have been a fair
course of proceeding. In all the committees of this
House charged with the investigation of frauds
or official misconduct, if I mistake not, a general
rule has prevailed whenever the conduct or char-
acter of a party has been impugned to furnish
copies of the evidence submitted against him to
the party, and afford htm the opportunity of call-
ing witnesses for the purpose of rebutting the test-
imony adduced against him. That would have
been a fair course of procedure, and if such a
course has not been pursued in this ease, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, if he has confidence in
their ability and integrity, is justifiable in still re-
taining theminthcpublicservice; because if upon
an ex parte proceeding you cause men to be dis-
missed from the public service, when they have it
in their power to show that they are not guilty
if the opportunity is afforded them, I say it is
treating private character aad reputationin an un-
fortunate and improper manner.
But, sir, I have not risen for the purpose of con-
suming time upon this matter. As the gentleman
from New York desired this resolution to be in-
troduced, I had no objection to it, provided it could
be considered, so that the House could understand
upon what it was acting before voting upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to go to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill m relation to the division of the
State of Michigan into two judicial districts was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion may be entered,
but not acted upon at this time.
Mr. BINGHAM. The motion has been made
and entered, and I now desire to call it up for
action.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
a suspension of the rules, and the motion of the
gentleman will not be in order until the business
under consideration has been disposed of.
Mr. WALL I submitted this resolution hoping
it would be acted on at once. I have no desire
to consume the time of the House upon such a
matter when business of importance is pressing,
and I therefore withdraw the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Upon the ground
that the resolution having been introduced under
a suspension of the rules, it is not competent for
the gentleman to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw his proposition under the rules at any
time before there has been action upon it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 submit that the
suspension of the rules is action upon it.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman was not per-
mitted to introduce his resolution until the rules
