1862.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very apparent, I may
say, that not only will the people of the District
have no opportunity to vole, but we shall nevei
get a vote upon this question ourselves, if we are
going to discuss all these amendments. I appre-
hend the Senate understands these amendments;
and I wish I could appeal to the Senate, when
amendments are offered which we all understand,
to let us vote and settle this bill. I desire to offer
an amendment, which will explain itself, to the
otiginal bill that is pending, winch I believe is
now in order.
The I3RESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order. There is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending. It will be in order uftei the ques-
tion now pending shall be disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question now
pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending in the fonn of a substitute,
by the Senator from New Hampshire, for the
original bill, and to that there is an amendment
pending, offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that is an
amendment to the substitute. I do not propose
to amend the substitute, but to amend the original
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator's
amendment cannot be entertained until the pend-
ing amendment is disposed of. It will then be
strictly in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal from the decision
of theChair. Thereisabili pendinghere,anditis
in order, and has always been so held by the Sen-
ate, to perfect the original bill before you vote on
the substitute. There is no amendment pending
to the original bill, as I understand. If I am mis-
infoi nied, I, of course, am in error. There is no
amendment pending to the original bill, except a
substitute for it. If that is so, then it is compe-
tent to amend the original bill, because wccannot
tell whether we will adopt the substitute or not,
until we know how the original bill is to be.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an amendment pend-
ing to the substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But there is no amend-
ment pending to the original bill, if the original
hill shail be made satisfactory to the Senate, the
Senate will not adopt the substitute. I do not
understand it to be m order to perfect the substi-
tute before you perfect the original bill. Such is
not my understanding of the practice or the mode
of proceeding in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sena-
tor's last suggestion be correct, his amendment
cannot be m order anyway. The original bill
was open to amendment. Two questions, at least,
were taken upon amendments, moved by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dams.] Nofuither
amendment being moved to the original hill, the
Chair then received amendments to the substitute.
But the practice has been to move amendments to
the substitute and original bill alternately,although
the better practice is to perfect the original bill in
the first instance, and the substitute afterwards.
The Chair has made no ruling that the original
bill is not open to amendment, and to further
amendment; but when there is an amendment
oifered, and an amendment to thatamendment, it
is not m order to drop those amendments in oider
to take up an original proposition to amend the
ongmal bill. But from this decision the Senator
from Illinois appeals. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Chair,
then, to rule that after the vote is taken upon the
amendment to the substitute, it will be m order to
move to amend the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
question is taken upon the substitute, it will be in
order further to amend the original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the Chair
that it will never be m order to amend the original
hill so long as anybody proposes an amendment
to th'1 substitute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. While an
amendment is pending as an amendment to an
amendment, the Chair cannot entertain another
proposition of amendment, either to the original
bill or to the substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The practice of the Senate
has not been that way. I do not wish to have a
controversy with the Chair, but I am very clear
that in all my experience here, it has always been
competent to offer an amendment to the original
bill.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. The Chair has
made no ruling to the contrary, but has repeated
to the Senator from Illinois that it was so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I am certainly un-
able to comprehend the Chair. If it is so, i pro-
pose an amendment to the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatamend-
ment is not now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand it is not
in order to propose an amendment to the original
bill because an amendment to the substitute is
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Because an
amendment to an amendment is pending
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is an amendment to
em amendment, I agree mine is not in order. I
will not have a controversy with the Chair about
it. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. WILLEY. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesultod—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Me*«rs. CailiJe, Davis, Henderson, Kennedy,
"Latliniri, McDousall. Powell, Rice. SauKbury, Ten Eyek,
Willcv, Wilson of Missouri, and Wnglit—13.
NAYS—lNIe^is. Anthony, Biowiung, Chandler, Clatk,
Divon, Doolittle, Fes*eiiden, Foot, Foster, Grimes. Nat Inn,
Howard, Howe. Kins?. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
IMoruil. Pomerov, Sherman, Sumner, Tiutnbul), Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
So the amendment of Mr. Willey was rejected.
Mi. TRUMBULL. Now I propose, not an
amendment to the substitute 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator.
Mr TRUMBULL. But an amendment to the
original bill; which 1 send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* That is in
ord er.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section three, after the
word act" in the fifteenth line, I move to inseit
what I send to the Chair. The amendment is
olVered to meet the objection of the Senator from
New Hampshire, which I think had some force m
it, that pei sons who had been disloyal could claim
for the value of the slave under this bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after the word " act," in the fifteenth line of the
third section, the following:
Nor lor any slave claimed by any person who has borne
aim5? against the Government of the United States in the
present icheUioii, or in any way given aid or comfort thereto.
So that the proviso will read:
Jlnd provided farther, Tii.it no claim shall be allowed for
anv slave oi slaves biought into said District niter the pa4-
sajje of this aet; noi lot' any -lave claimed by any person
who born** arm1- jvi;:iin-a the Government of the United
State* in the parent rebellion, or in any way given aid or
eomioi t tlieieto, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. Though I hardly deem that
necessary, I certainly will not object to it. It is
in harmony with what I understand the bill to be,
and therefore I accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the original bill, to strike out the second
section, and msei t as the second section—it is only
m legaid to what the petition shall contain—this
provision:
That any person resident in said District, whose slave
mnv be at liberty by the provisions of this act, may,
Within three months nftci the parage thereof and not after
wn.uK, apply, by petition in wilting, to the eommis>ioneis
heiemafter mentioned, foi remuneration for the lo s of the
seiviee^ of-ucli slave, setting forth in said petition, wlueh
! shall be undei oath, fust, that the petitioner is a lesideutof
I jhe OistiKtof Columbia, is and always has been tiue to
| iu.-oi her allegiance to the United States that lie or she ha*
' not hoi ue arms against the Government oi the United States
! m th" piesent lebt'Ihon, uoi m any wa\ given aid or comtort
i thereto; second, the title o! the petitioner to the labor or
' service of said slave ; whether there i* any dispute about
the same, ut whether any other person i- liiterestod in ^aid
set vice-; oi '•lave oi makes anv claim thereto, and if so. who,
and what claim is made; and tlmdiv, the name, age, sex,
habits iwiai health, defects, and other peisonal pecutmi-
itie- of said -lave, which may enable said commissioners
to identify him m* her, or determine the value of his or her
! sei vices.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I ought
to agree to that amendment. I do not think the
amendment secures anything to this bill not se-
cured already by the second section. If there can
be any choice about it, it is a choice of phiase-
olo gy.
Mr. CLARK. It requires more.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not .think it requires
anything in addition. I believe the terms of this
bill sufficiently secure us against claims of any
but loyal persons, and I have some little choice,
I must confess, as to the phraseology. In the
second section of the bill as reported by the com-
mittee, they have carefully avoided the word
" slave." " All persons loyal to the United States
holdingclaimsto service or iaboragainst persons,"
&c., is the language. The objection I have to the
amendment is, that it uses a phrase which we have
not been accustomcd to use in the legislation of
Congress. Still, I am not going to argue the mat-
ter. I do not accept the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. It simply requires that more
shall be stated in the petition under oath than is
required by the bill—facts necessary to be known.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest from what
has been said that unless the Senate desire to have
a very late session, the bill will not be passed to-
night. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Wright]
indicated a desire to have a vote on his substitute
for the bill. I intended to say a few words in re-
gard to the merits of this bill; but 1 shall forego
saying them, if it is the desire of the Senate to
pass it to-night. I have been up for three nights
past, and am not in a condition to goon now; but
I shall not ask fora postponementon my account,
if the Senator from Maine thinks he can get
through with the bill to-night. ["Oh, no!"J
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. TRUMBULL.
Let us finish it to-night.
Mr. COLLAMER and others. Wc may as
well do it to-morrow as to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we shall lose an-
other day; that is all.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is notsuch amighty
distress about this matter that we must have a
night session for it, particularly when the Senator
from Ohio desires a little time. I wish, however,
to make one suggestion before the question passes
away for to-day. It seems to me that one thins
is very necessary to the perfection of this bill,
which I have not heard mentioned m the discus-
sion. In some way or other there should be a
recoid made of whose shivrs aie liberated, what
their names ore, what their ages are, and that
should be preserved in some safe and proper place
and further, the liberated slave himself should be
furnished with a certificate, some evidence or mu-
niment that he can carry with him. Suppose he
goes away from this District into Maryland, and
he is arrested > Being a man of color he is pre-
sumed to be a slave, because the people of coloi
there generally are slaves. Ho is presumed to be
a slave, and it is for him to rebut that presump-
tion by showing his free papers, as they call them.
A man who is manumitted, it seems to me, should
be furnished with some muniment by the proper
authority, and a record should be kept, so that if
it is lost he can go and get another. It seems to
me that this is absolutely necessary to the secu-
rity of the people whom we are liberating. I de-
sire to call the attention of gentlemen who have
this bill in charge to the importance of providing
something of this kind, which appears to me so
necessary to the perfection of the plan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, and allow us to have an execu-
tive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 1, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Ii. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PAYMASTERS IN THE AltMY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a report from the
Paymaster General, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives, passed December
