1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■457
jirticles that were riot needed, or that were of in-
ferior quality, I do not want the Government to
be forced to pay for them. That is my objection
to the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will ray col-
league permit me to say a word just here?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I concur with my
colleague, that if the State has paid for supplies
that were not needed, or has furnished articles of
a worthless quality, the Government should not
be forced to pay for them. I would never vote
for such a bill. But that is not the object of this
bill, lior its import. The very language of the bill
precludes, I think, such an idea. The object is
to allow this kind of evidence to show what kind
of supplies were furnished,and whether they were
necessary. Instead of allowing inferior articles
to be paid for at the price of good articles, it leaves
that as heretofore for the consideration of the Gov-
ernment itself. In drawing the bill, I had refer-
ence to guarding well those States that had fed
their troops well, clothed them well, and armed
them well, even though not strictly according to
the Army regulations. When the western States
were called upon to send regiments to Missouri,
regiments to the Potomac, and regiments to Ken-
tucky, they had very little of the munitions of
war. They clothed their men as best they could;
they fed them as best they could; they armed and
equipped them as best they could. In doing so
they discharged well their duty to the General
Government. If, however, the clothing and equip-
ments supplied were not strictly within the Army
regulations, still there was an instant and pressing
necessity for their doing just as they did. This
bill is aimed, and only aimed, at providing that
the States shall be paid their expenditures for ar-
ticles that were absolutely necessary , even though
not strictly within the Army regulations. I know
that in Illinois we could not furnish supplies ac-
cording to the Army regulations, but we did what
we could.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to state one thing
to my colleague. About the rations furnished to
llie Army there has been no difficulty m the West.
The Army rations could be furnished there at
fourteen or fifteen cents a day. Now, in some of
the States I understand it has cost fifty cents.
Mr. HOLMAN. Sixty.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman says
, sixty. I have no doubt of it. Now, sir, when
you come to this bill, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is bound to pay upon the certificate of the
State officer. The kind and quality are sufficient,
but the price paid is enormous. It is afraud upon
the Government. It is just such a bill as that I
do not want to see this "House pass. It is just
such charges as that I do not want to see this
Government assume to pay, nor to pay.^ I will
say to my colleague that I want all the just and
necessary expenses of the Government for raising,
equipping, and maintaining troops by the States
paid by the General Government. It ought to be
done. The General Government ought not to
stand upon the mere price, if it is twice as great
as ought to have been paid for the articles. But
there are cases arising m some of the States that
ought to bo investigated by the General Govern-
ment and the claims rejected. If you indorse this
policy of the States spending their money prodi-
gally and making corrupt bargains with favorites,
you encourage extravagance and corruption in
every department of the Government; and this
Government is in more danger from thieves that
are round about your Treasui y than they ai e from
the rebels with arms ill their hands. I would begin
with States. I would continue the most rigid scru-
tiny with individuals and public officers,and carry
it through all the transactions of the Government.
I want no guards thrown around those who are
plundering the public Treasury, and therefore it
is that I call my colleague's attention to this pro-
vision of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague is
certainly mistaken if he supposes this bill aids or
in the least affects the fixing ot the pi ice of any
article furnished. That was left out by design.
I drew the bill, and left that matter open pur-
posely, for I am as unwilling as my friend to pay
for an article that is valueless, or where trauds
have been committed upon a State, or through a
State may be practiced upon the General Govern-
ment, and I have expressly endeavored to avoid
that. Under this bill, although a State may have
furnished an article and paid a dollar a day for
rations, or too high for anything else, this bill
docs not aid them in the lea?t in getting pay for
it. I know that it is reported, and I doubt not it is
true, that in our western States we have furnished
rations, according to my information, not at four-
teen or fifteen cents, as my colleague stated, but at
seventeen cents. But the difference is small, and
immaterial to my purpose. I am told that in other
States they have been furnished at sixty cents
per day. Now, sir, I should feel myself untrue
to the interests of my own constituents, untrue
to the rights of the General Government, yea, sir,
to the dignity of the States themselves, if I would
allow the certificate of an officer of a State to com-
pel this Government to pay one dollar or one cent
more for an article than the article was worth.
But, sir, the bill only provides that the States shall
not be compelled to furnish proof that it was ne-
cessary to furnish provision for sending their
troops into the field. This bill does nothing to-
wards fixing the price.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to allow me to say that it
is perfectly apparent that the House desires to
examine the provisions of this bill, and to satisfy
itself as to its correctness. It seems to me, for
this reason, very unwise to continue the debate
upon it longer at this time. I move, therefore, that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and in the mean time that it be printed.
It is very unwise to undertake to pass the bill at
this time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The censure my
colleague upon the committee has seen fit to pass
upon my course does not come from him with the
very best grace. Whatever course I may see fit
to pursue, I shall not permit the floor to be taken
from me under such circumstances and for such a
purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to request of my
friend from Illinois, inasmuch as there seems to be
a misapprehension on the part of the House in re-
lation to the bill, and a difference of construction
in regard to its provisions, in order to give gen-
tlemen an opportunity to inform themselves more
definitely as to what the bill does provide for, I
hope he will himself make some motion which
will accomplish that object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was about to
state that I am so well satisfied that the provisions
of this bill are right, so well satisfied that there is
no disposition on the part of the House ultimately
to retard its passage, so well satisfied, with the
amendments offeied, that it is so well guarded in its
provisions, that I am willing, in compliance with
the wish of my friend, to give the House ample
opportunity to examine the bill. I move, there-
fore, that the bill be postponed until Thursday
next, and made a special order for that day; and
that in the mean time it be printed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I merely de-
sire to say that that motion is perfectly satisfactory
to me. There was certainly nothing personal to the
gentleman from Illinois in the motion I desired
to make.
There being 110 objection, the bill was postponed
until Thursday next, made a special order, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
MILITARY JtOAD.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the ComimUee on Roads and Canals,
a bill for the construction of a military and mail
road in the States of Kentucky and Tennessee;
which was read a first and second tune, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
XAXCY HICK.
Mr. LAW, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
RcsohetU Thru the Oomm.ttco on Eevolutionaiy I'e'i-
mous be di^chaurud fiom tlie: 1 urtlier eoiit-ideianori ot the
claim of Nuney Kicc, and that pile havelenve to withdraw
her papers.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. L AZEAR. I ask the consent of the 1 louse
to report,, from the Committee 011 Expenditures
on the Public Buildings, the following ressota-
tion:
Resolve), That the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings are authorized to employ a clerk, at four
dollars a day, during the sessions of said committee.,'
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILlA ,
Mr. STEVENS; I cannot give way for any
such purpose. I ask that the vote may be taken
on my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the U nion,
(Mr. Blair, of Missouri, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive,and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, 1862.
Mr. STEVENS. In consequence of sugges-
tions made yesterday in reference to this bill, I am
willing that it shall be passed over for the present,
and ask, therefore, that House bill No. 224 may
be taken up.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
There being no objection, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No. 224,
making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending June 30,1863.
STATE 01' THE UNION.
Mr. ALLEY. Never, Mr. Chairman, was I
more strongly impressed with the profound con-
viction that no questions were ever agitated in
these halls of greater importance, in all their as-
pects and in all their consequences, than the finan-
cial measures which the necessities of the hour
call upon us now to inaugurate.
Here in mid-winter, with a stagnant trade, and
all the industrial energies of a greiit people palsied
by the nightmare that is upon us, we'whom the
people have sent here to provide ways and means
of relief, have done nothing; and so far as our
monetary affairs are concerned, if we except per-
haps the Committee of Ways and Means, are
apparently as unmoved as though all was well.
With our Treasury upon the eve of bankruptcy,
and those who have been supplying the wants of
the Government knocking at the doors of the
Treasury for the payment of their honest dues,
until hundreds arc already ruined, and unless
something is speedily done you may soon count
them by thousands; yet hour after hour, day after
day, and week after week, we have done but little
except waste our valuable tune in continual talk-
ing about comparatively unimportant matters.
Great schemes arc to be devised, and measures
enacted, upon which our national destinies almost
depend, which should engage the earnest thought
and the active energies of every member of this
i House, to the exclusion of everything else, until
j! the task is accomplished.
i The first thing to be done is to raise the means
i| to carry on the Government, by making available
its credit in the best possible manner, at the small-
est expense possible, with the least detriment to
i the materialMiitercsts of the whole people. I11
I order to accomplish this object of raising money
! at the least possible expense, you must make
your securities good by adequate taxation. This,
happily, the House lias shown its disposition to
' do, by the adoption of the joint resolution of the
15th instant by an overwhelming majority. It
ii now only remains to adjust the details of a plan
lj of taxation, and to determine the best means ol
!l making available the credit of the Government,
i so as to secure as much relief as possible to the
i great industrial interests of the nation, and with
; the least disturbance practicable to the monetary
! systems of the countiy. All will adnnt that our
! first great duty is to provide for the wants of the
Government at any cost and every hazard. Every
individual and corporate interest must bow in
patriotic submission to the necessities ot the Gov-
ernment. 1 confess I approach the discussion of
these questions of finance with great distrust of
my ability to satisfy fully my own judgment of
what is entirely best to be done, much less to en-
lighten others with regard to their duty; but hav-
ing been engaged from my eaily manhood in busi-
ness operations and financial negotiations, more
or less extended, my attention has naturally been
drawn to the considciation of this intricate sub-
