1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
1481
grievous burden of taxation. But it was repealed
a year or two since by the Legislating though
that was a measure:, 1 am free to say, not at all
acceptable to the people of that Commonwealth,
as I perceive that by a recent effort of the Legis-
lature the tax has been restored by one branch
thereof.
I think, sir, that the ground on which the repeal
of that tax was passed would not be found to
operate in the case of ageneral tax. It was alleged
by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company that they
were compelled to impose the tax which was prop-
erly assessable upon the through freight, upon the
way freight, in their efforts to compete for the
western trade with the parallel railroads of New
York and Maryland, so that a tax which was first
designed to be just and equal, finally imposed a
great hardship upon the local or way freight.
This was not the effect of the tax, but an abuse
of it. It arose from a perversion of the law, and
I am free to say that if such an abuse would be
likely to arise in the case of a general tax, it would
be a question of great consideration, whether such
a tax should be adopted. But I do not think it
would. I think it will be found that these rail-
roads would have a good understanding upon this
matter, and that they would tax through freight
as through freight, and way freight as way freight.
Besides, sir, if they should even adopt the pol-
icy of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, the
effect of it would be that the tax paid by the local
freighters in Pennsylvania, New York, and Mary-
land, would all be put upon a par. So with the
local freighters in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The
same inducements held out to a railroad in one
State would be held out in another State. I hope
this amendment will be adopted. I prefer it to
the provision for a tax upon passengers, for I am
disposed to look with great favor upon the travel-
ing habits of our people. I think it is a feature
in our character which is calculated to strengthen
the unity of the nation, and ought not to be dis-
couraged; and if the railroads cannot bear both
taxes, I prefer to strike out the tax upon passen-
gers and adopt that upon freight.
Mr. HORTON. i am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. This
subject of taxing the earnings of railroads and
steamboats has, of course, been before the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means. We could not very
well tax the tonnage of railroads without levying
a similar tax upon the tonnage of steamboats and
coasting vessels along the lakes. It was concluded
on the whole—and I beg the ear of the committee
to this statement—that this provision of the bill
would attain the object of the Government, and be
less onerous upon the people, than a tax upon the
tonnage or freight of railroads and steamboats,
and that in this way the tax could be better gotat;
that the ratio between the two could be better ar-
rived at, than by taxing the gross revenues of
railroads and steamboats.
Any person who lives west of the Alleghany
mountains, in looking over the whole agricultural
productions of the West which comc. East, and
at the proceeds of those productions in the eastern
market, and which return in the shape of freight,
will see that the matter is somewhat complicated.
A part of it goes by rail, a part by water; some
of it by all water, or by part water and part rail,
and you find it is a very difficult matter to get at.
Besides, it taxes additionally agricultural products
which my friend [Mr. Blair, of Pennsylvania]
and myself are so very tenacious about. The pro-
vision of the bill simply charges a person for trav-
eling. If he does not travel he pays no tax; if he
travels upon business he can afford to pay the tax;
and if he travels for pleasure, of course he will be
willing to pay the tax. Under the amendment,
while the farmer of Iowa lias to pay the freight upon
his wheat to New York market, you propose to
add to that a tax for every mile which itis earned,
and it reduces, of course, the production of the
wheat crop in Iowa. So it is with corn in Illinois,
and the alcohol, high wines, and whisky of that
State. And so it will be with all other produc-
tions. Upon all the heavy products of manufacture
scattered all up and down the Mississippi, from
the manufacturing districts of the East and West
the tax will be difficult to get at, and the aggre-
gate hard to asceitdin, and the pay will be very
onerous.
Hereafter, when we have more expem-nce m
this matter of an internal tax bill, if it is found
necessary to tax tonnage and freight there will
be ample time and opportunity to impose it be-
fore this law will expire from the absence of ne-
cessity for money.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For the purpose
of saying a word or two more, I move to reduce the
amount one mill. I adopt, with great pleasure,
what has been said by the gentleman from Ohio,
and I rise merely to say to the committee, that if
they will look over the various kinds of produc-
tions which have to be transported from the West,
they will find that they are now more heavily taxed
in the matter of transportation than anything else
in our own country. Since the breakingout of this
rebellion, during which some of the railroad com-
munications between the East and the West have
been obstructed or closed, and others somewhat
occupied with Government transportation,freight
has run up so high that it has cut off our sales for
transportation east, until, in the West, where we
have the credit at least of raising corn, our com,
our wheat, our food, and our pork, arc a drug in
the market. It is impossible to transport them
because of the high prices of freight.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire just here to remind
my friend, that while com with us is worth only
ten cents a bushel, the price in New York is about
the same as ever.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was going to
remark that during this whole time—as my col-
league says—our corn, wheat, and other produc-
tions have brought a good price in the eastern
markets, but so enormously high are the rates of
freight that corn is worth only ten cents a bushel
with us, and wheat has almost disappeared from
the market, and our granaries arc of no profit to
their owners. To get our property to market, we
are obliged to pay two or three times the value of
the article itself; and it would be, in my judgment,
bad policy for the country generally, and unjust
to our section of the country, to impose this tax.
It would be bad policy for the whole country, be-
cause there is in this matter a community of inter-
est everywhere. There ought to be no sectional
interest m this matter. I know that the gentle-
men from New England have some little interest
in getting the crops of the West, and I know we
have some considerable interest to pay in getting
the productions of their manufactories, and we
ought so to adjust this matter that there shall be
no severe and burdensome tax upon any portion
of the country. The rates of transportation are
such now as to cut us off from our sales; and to
lay this tax is virtually to lay it upon, the agricul-
tural productions of the country, and I think the
committee will notimpose it if they will only look
over the list of agricultural productions which
have to be transported, and which we have been
unable to transport for a few months past.
Mr. SPAULDING. The question was asked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Blair]
whether we propose to impose any tonnage duty
upon vessels. That matter was a subject of con-
sideration by our committee this morning; and for
the purpose of bringing it more definitely and in
a convenient form before the Committee of the
Whole, as well as the Ways and Means, I pro-
pose, as a part of my remarks, to hand to the re-
porters for publication this schedule of rates which
I hold in my hand, and which the committee may
perhaps offer at the proper time.
We arc considering a scale of tonnage duties
upon vessels, which will operate upon ail, both
internal and external, which we may hereafter
propose to substitute in the place of stamp tax on
manifests. I am opposed to this idea of taxing
freights; for I agree with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Horton] that that will operate in many in-
stances unjustly; that it would be complicated,
and very difficult to collect. Therefore, I think,
it would be impolitic to impose it.
"Rut my chief object m rising was to answer the
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, by
saying that the Committee of Ways and Means
are very likely to propose a tonnage duty upon
vessels, in the place of the proposed stamp duties
on manifests. It is believed that this proposed
scale of tonnage duties will be more equitable than
the stumps. The stamp duty on short routes
would be very unjust. The short voyages on the
great lakes would pay a very high tax on their
manifests unless we change the items of stamp
duties as they now stand m the printed bill.
The following is the schedule of tonnage duties
above referred to, and which I desire to have
printed for further consideration:
On all ships, vessels, steamboats, and propellers there
shall be levied, collected, and paid annually upon the tan-
nage thereof the following duties, namely: •
On each ship, vessel, steamboat, and propeller under 20
tons burden _   $5
Over 20 tons and under 50 tons  .   10
Over 50 tons and under 100 tons      15
Over 100 tons and under 200 tons ' 20
Over 200 tons and under 300 tons  30
Over 300 tons and under 500 tons   50
Over 500 tons and under 800 tons   75
Over 800 tons and under 1,000 tons 100
Over 1,000 tons and under 1,200 tons  125
Over 1,200 tons and under 1,500tons   150
Over 1,500 tons and under 2,000 tons   175
2,000 tons and over   qqq
The tonnage duty required to be paid under this section
shall be due and payable on 01 before the time of the taking
out or renewal o( the licence of &uch &>hip, vessel, steam-
boat, 01 ptopeller, and shall be paid to the collector of the
customs for the port where such license shall be taken out
or renewed, and a receipt for such tonnage duty shall be
indoi&ed thereon, and M ned by said collector or his dep-
uty, and the tonnage duty so received by such collector
shall be paid over monthly to the Commissionorof Internal
llevenue,and at iheexpnation of one month fiom the time
tins act shall take eflVet no ship, vessel, steamboat, or pro-
peller fchall be permitted to clear from any port within the
United States without first paying to the collector of cus-
toms the tonnage duty rcquiicd by this section.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendmentto the amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 renew the
amendment. I looked hurriedly at the schedule
sent to the reporters by the gentleman from New
York. lie sends it up in order to draw the at-
tention of the committee to it, and the attention
of all gentlemen representing States which have
any capital invested in boats plying between the
United States and the British provinces. It is a
matter of very great interest. Inasmuch as this
amendment has been offered, I want to make this
suggestion for the consideration of gentlemen. I
am not certain whether any of the navigation acts
allowing British bottoms to come and go in our
lake harbors are referred to in our treaties with
England and made a part of those treaties. My
impression is that the reciprocity treaty is silent
on the subject. The other treaties may be. Yet
it may also be that these navigation acts are re-
ferred to m the treaties so as to be read in pari
materia. If they are, we cannot impose, as this
amendment proposes, a tonnage duty on British
vessels coming in to our harbors; and if this amend-
ment should be inoperative as to them, then the
effect will be to impose on those of our citizens
engaged in this carrying trade an onerous burden,
which burden British vessels will escape.
I hope, sir, that some gentlemen to whom.this
subject is familiar will be prepared, against the
time that it shall come up for action, to state to
the committee exactly how far we have the power,
in spite of treaty stipulations and navigation acts
referred to in treaties, to impose a tonnage duty
on these British vessels. I renewed the amend-
ment for the purpose of making this statement; and
if there be no objection, i will now withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to its withdrawal.
I do not exactly know how the amendment can
apply to this section of the bill. The Committee
of Ways and Means has never considered the
proposition.
Mr. SPAULDING. I do not offer it to this
section; but merely sent it up for information.
Mr. STEVENS". I do not know that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has come to any con-
clusion on the subject. Of course, any member
has a right to offer any amendment he pleases.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Spaulding] what amount he supposes
this tonnage duty would yield?
Mr. SPAULDING. The amount that would
be raised is uncertain; but it is intended in lieu of
the stamp duty on manifests. It has been sug-
gested by the shipping interest as a more equi-
table mode of taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman must confine himself to the question
before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " ton" the words
" except agricultural productions.''
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Blair's amendment was rejected.
