1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
of these three measures standing alone; but in
combination, each with the other, they will be
found to confer the triple benefit of relief to our
immediate necessities, establishing confidence on
a firm foundation, and giving to the people a safe
currency, which shall be uniform in every section
of the country, and ample for all the requirements
of trade.
As to the first proposition, it furnishes a cur-
rency which supplies fully, without interest, the
wants of the Governmental a time when the Gov-
ernment is unable to meet its liabilities for any
great length of time without making a forced loan.
The adoption of this plan will save thousands
from bankruptcy, and afford immediate relief to
the creditors of the Government, and through them
the entire community in every section of the coun-
try. It undoubtedly will increase the volume of
the currency, and enhance prices—and this, in the
minds of many, constitutes its greatest objection.
To my view, however, it is, at the present junc-
ture, a great merit. I have been all my lifetime
an advocate of-a restricted currency. I would
always fetter paper issues with stringent provis-
ions—never increasing them beyond the legitimate
wants of a healthful trade; but there are times in
the histories of nations, as well as individuals,
when contraction is detrimental to their interests,
and expansion the salvation of all. Nevershingle
a leaky house in a storm; if you do, the time
which will elapse between taking off the old shin-
gles and putting on the new would be sure to
deluge you with a flood. To undertake to collect
§150,000,000 in a tax upon the people, with a con-
tracted currency, would involve all in irretrievable
ruin, except those, who are few in number, who
owe nothing and have a great deal owing to them.
I think, the history of the currency question in
other countries—instances of which in England I
have endeavored to give as fully as the brief time
allotted to me in this discussion would permit—
demonstrate most fully that it is unwise to invest
in one kind of property, namely, specie, the pre-
rogative of fixmg'the value of all other property.
Said Lord Bacon, the wisest statesman, many
think, that ever lived:
"Above all things, good policy is to be used that the
tieasure and moneys m a State he not gathered into few
hands, for othoiwisc a Stato may have a good otock and yet
starve; and money is like muck, no good except it be
spread."
How often has it been witnessed in Great Brit-
ain , when there was a scarcity of money, that there
was famine and distress in the midst of plenty;
and we have not been entirely free from such an
anomalous state of things in our own country.
But it is said by some that the issue of an irre-
deemable paper currency will destroy all values,
and end in such depreciation as to make them as
valueless as the French assignats or the Conti-
nental money of the American Revolution. How
preposterous such an idea 1 The French assignats
were only based upon one kind of property and
receivable only for taxes, and the Continental
money based upon nothing—no security at all.
These issues will be based upon all the property
of the country, and not only receivable for all pub-
lic dues, but also for all private debts and obliga-
tions of every name and nature. They would be
convertible into bonds bearing six per cent, inter-
est, which bonds, of course, are as sure to be paid
as the sun is to shine.
I do not think it would be well to have this a
permanent measure. Government ought not in
tune of peace to issue anything in payment of its
obligations but specie; or at this time of need and
war to issue any more of paper promises than is
absolutely necessary to meet its pressing necessi-
ties. It should be its policy to fund them as fast
as possible, and to that end I would furnish an
additional inducement by making large sums con-
vertible into steiling bonds, as that secures the
payment in specie of both interest and principal.
If this rule is adhered to, of confining the issues
to the smallest amount possible, consistent with
the wants of the Government, the circulation will
not be increased beyond the requirements of a le-
gitimate and wholesome trade. Too many forget
44 that money is merely the instrument by which
the act is performed, and in which the account is
kept, and the relative values calculated." If only
specie was money, and that alone represents value,
then, indeed, we should be able to do but little to-
wards discharging (he obligations which individ- i
uals as well as nations have incurred. The amount
of spccie in the country, available for purposes of
circulation, is very small in comparison with the
necessity for its use if any considerable portion of
the indebtedness was to be liquidated by it.
The whole amount of specie in the country is
estimated at less than $300,000,000; although at
no period in the nation's history has the amount
been so large as it is to-day. The individual in-
debtedness of the people of the United States, to
say nothing of corporate, State, and national ob-
ligations, amounts to several thousand millions of
dollars. In our own State of Massachusetts, where
our currency is as sound, and our banking insti-
tutions as well managed as in any State of the
Union, our floating individual indebtedness, con-
sisting of obligations maturing and to be paid
within an average time of ninety days, exceeds
usually, I calculate, §100,000,000; and yet our
whole stock of specie seldom exceeds eight or nine
millions. The immediate liabilities of the banks
themselves are usually.upwards of §50,000,000.
The confidence felt in the ability of these debtors
to meet their maturing obligations to such a vast
amount rests not upon the specie they have, but
upon the property which they possess; and it mat-
ters not whether it be a piece of gold coinage, or a
paper obligation, if it represents property of value,
it is equally good. So with these Government ob-
ligations. It may not have the specie, butaslong
as it has the property which this obligation is the
representative of, it is quite as good.
In this connection, if I had time, I would like
to present to the House some statistics of the oper-
ations of the Bank of England during the suspen-
sion of specie payments from 1797 to 1821-22, to
show the connection between its issues and the
price of Govern ment securities and all other stocks;
but I can only remark now, that in every instance
whenever the circulating medium, or the issue of
bank paper was increased, Government securities
always rose m proportion to such inciease. And
whenever, on the contrary, the issues were con-
tracted, Government securities, as well as all other
kinds of property, fell just in the ratio of decrease
of the currency. In two years previous to the
suspension of specie payments by the Bank of
England, she reduced her circulation twenty-eight
per cent. Her circulation being on the 1st of
January, 1795, about <£13,500,000; in January,
1797, a few weeks previous to the suspension, it
was but little more than <£9,500,000; and consols
fell during this time thirty-five per cent. On the
1st of January, 1798, the bank circulation was a
little overall,000,000, and on the 1st of January,
1800, over <£13,000,000, Consols rose during those
two years, from 49 to 62, over twenty-five per
cent. Before the suspension, exchange on Ham-
burg was about 31J: after the suspension, it rose
to 38; but befoie 1800 it was reduced to 32, not-
withstanding the continued suspension of specie
payments, and the great increase of paper curren-
cy. From 18J3 to 1814, the public debt of Great
Britain was increased about dc78,000,000 sterling,
and the bank circulation was increased about
twelve per cent., and consols rose from 58 to 66j
—and all this with an irredeemable paper curren-
cy, but founded upon an intelligent confidence in
the power of the Government and the resources
of the people.
All this but shows not only how important it is
to avoid undue expansion, which is sure to be fol-
lowed by ruinous contraction, but also that con-
fidence, credit, and value are not based exclusively
upon specie, or a currency immediately converti-
ble into that commodity, but are to be measured
by the relative quantity of currency to the prop-
erty it represents and the amount actually neces-
sary to the perfectly legitimate wants of trade,
whether it be paper or gold.
When we reflect that the Government has the
power to compel the payment of taxes sufficient
to liquidate all its obligations, and see a willing-
ness to exercise that power to any necessary ex-
tent for that purpose, we cannot but have confi-
dence. Supposing this war should continue, as
the Secretary of the Treasury suggests it may,
until July, 1863—which, to my mind, is very im-
probable—according to his estimate, which I have
no doubt is correct, we shall then owe $900,000,000.
This looks like a large sum, but with our bound-
less resources and matchless energies in the devel-
opment of material interests we can pay the inter-
est. easily, and if need be a considerable portion
of the principal annually. We can make if we.
wish our public lands, if managed properly, and
disposed of judiciously, pay one third of this
debt, if it be funded for twenty years, before it
would become due, and then-have enough Jeft to
: pay two thirds of the balance in the succeeding
twenty years. In fact, our public lands, together
with the gold and silver obtained from the bowels
of the earth, if reserved for this purpose, in all
probability would liquidate the principal of this
indebtedness in less than a third of a century.
But in my judgment this contest will be closed
before our indebtedness will exceed two thirds
that amount. At the same ratio of increase of
wealth for the last few years in the loyal States
alone, it will not be much more than three and a
half per cent, of the estimated value of what the
wealth of those States will be when these bonds
mature. Nine hundted millions of dollars is only
about twice as much as the usual annual expenses
of England in time of peace, and but little more
than she has expended in a single year during
several periods of her history. It is considerably
less than one fourth of her present indebtedness,
with a population less than our own. The prob-
able surplus earnings of the single State of New
York might, if so disposed, wipe it all out in ten
years. Can any man of reflection doubt, when he
realizes these facts, that we have little cause to
doubt the ability of this Government to maintain
its credit unimpaired through any pecuniary trials
it may be called upon to encounter? If any are
disposed to repine at present troubles, let them
learn lessons of patience and wisdom from our
fathers who have bequeathed to us this glorious
inheritance; and may we not blush for shame
when we reflect upon their unexampled energies
and our nerveless impotence?
I am in favor of issuing no notes of a less de-
nomination than ten dollars, because I am opposed
to the Government competing in the circulation
with the banks any more than is absolutely neces-
sary to provide for its necessities; and if the small
note circulation is left for the banks to supply to
the local currency, predicated upon United States
bonds, I think the interest of all will bcprQmoted
in the end, and simple justice only done to those
institutions. It has for a precedent the wise ex-
ample of the Bank of England during the suspen-
sion of specie payments by that institution. It
allowed the country banks to supply the local
small note circulation, and thereby made the .se-
curity stronger and confidence greater in the whole
system.
The measure of taxation is so obviously wise
and necessary, and the House has exhibited such
willingness to resort to it, that I will merely remark
that that great statesman, William Pitt, always
said " that nations, as well as individuals, ought
always, in contracting debts, to have some plan of
redemption; without it, public confidence could
not be retained." And Alexander Hamilton,
among the ablest of statesmen and the greatest of
financiers, said " that he wished to see it incor-
porated as a fundamental maxim in the system of
public credit of the United States, that the creation
of debt should always be accompanied with the
means of extinguishment."
The other measure, of establishing a uniform
national currency, substantially as recommended
by our able Secretary of the Treasury, by furnish-
ing the banks with their circulating medium upon
a pledge of United States stocks, is no new measure,
as the Secretary well observes. It has existed vir-
tually in several of the States for many years. A
similar measure was adopted in my own State
ten years ago. As a member of the committee on
banks and banking, in the Senate of Massachu-
setts, I had the honor to affix my signature to a
very able report, recommending this measure,
drawn up by my distinguished friend and col-
league, [Mr. Hooper,] then a member of that
Legislature, now upon the Committee of Ways
and Meansof this House. That proposition,upon
mature inflection, received then the approbation of
my judgment, and the sanction of my vote; and
subsequent observation and experience have but
confirmed and strengthened the convictions of that
period. Never was so opportune a moment as the
present for carrying out this measure, which will
furnish a currency to the whole country, uniform
and sound, it will place the whole bankingfof the
country upon a substantial, legitimate, and safe
basis.
