188-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLO§!
die, Bingham, Jacob C. Blair, Buffinton, Coblh.Covode.Cox,
Cravens, Cutler, Dunn, Edward^, Fished Frank, G'o'och"
Goodwin, Gurley, Baight, FfatfCte W. Kellogg, William
Kellpgg, Kerrigan, Kuapp, Law, koomis, Morris, .NoeU,
Odeli, Olin, Pendleton, Potter, Alexander fl. Rice, Middle,
Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins', Sedgwick, Sherman j
STiiel, Smith, John B. Steele,' Stiles, Str&ttpn, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Train, Ward, Albert s. White, and Wilson—48.
NAYS—Messrs. All.ey, Aneona, Babbitt, Bally, Beaman,
Blake, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A.
Oonklitig, Roseoe Coriklt'ng, Diifell', Dunla'p, Eliot, Ely,
Ffissend.en, Grider, Hall, Hanehett, Harding, Hutcliins, Ju-
lian, Lovejoy, McKnight, MePhersan, Mallory, Maynard,
Menzies, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Patton, John
H. Rice, Sargent, iShellabateer, Spaulding, Stevens, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge^ Van Horn, verree, Wail, Wallace, Wash-
burifey WlcklifFe, Windom, and Worcester—48.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order
of business, which is the business on the Speak-
er's table.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution of the House, to amend the
seventy-seventh section of an act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government and
pay the interest upon the public debt, returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate, which was read,
was to add at the end of the resolution the follow-
ing new section:
_ Jind be it fmther resolved, That all the sections of the
act entitled, "An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay the interest upon the public debt,"
which requires any matter or thing to be done on or before
the 1st day of July or August, shall be so amended and
changed that^aid matters or things may be so done on or
before any other day in the year 1862, not later than the 1st
day .of October, 1852, which may be fitfed and determined
upon by Che Secretary of the Tieasury, if in his judgment
a later day should be so fixed in order to put said act into
ptactical operation, and all parts of. said act having refer-
ence tQ said dates of the 1st day of July and August, 1862,
shall be taken and construed as having reference to the
said day which may be so fixed and determined upon:
Provided, That the Secretary of the,Treasury shall give
public notice of the day $o fixed and deteimined upon, and
in such manner as he may deem expedient.
The amendment was concurred in,
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The neit bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (J3.R. No. 107) to provide
for the compensation or members of Congress,
returned from the Seriate with amendments.
The amendments, which were read, were to in-
sert at the end of line five, the words " without
pay," and after line five to insert the following
new section:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever any
Senator or Representative shall hereafter withdiaw from
his seat in anticipation of the adjournment of Congress, and
before the adjournment, and does not return, he shall, in
addition to the sum now deducted for each day, forfeit a
further sum equal to the mileage now allowed by law for
his return home, and it shall be deducted from his compen-
sation, unless when said withdrawal is with the leave of
the Senate or House of Representatives, respectively.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay
that amendment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call the previous question
upon agreeing to the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. M AYKARD. I have not been absent from
the House at the close of any session since I have
been a member; but I think that amendment is
wrong, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays upon agreeing to the Senate's amend-
ments.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL- DISTRICTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. House bill No. 267, to divide the State of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to provide
for holding the district and circuit courts therein,
was referred to the Judiciary Committee, with
leave to report at any time. I now report back
that bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn*
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope my colleague will
not insist on that motion. Let me say a word to
the House. ,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
withdraw the demand for the previous question
on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colle&gue withdrew
the motion to adjourn?
l&r. MORRIS, f withdraw it.
Mr, BINGHAM. I withdraw the demand £or
the previous question for the purpose of making
a statement to the House. I think it is due to a
whole people, not much less than a million of our
fellow-citizens, who have petitioned the House
for a change in the law which will enable them to
have something like a fair administration of jus-
tice, that we should at least show this much re-
spect to their wishes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Ohio has no
right to discuss the measure on a motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The motion to reconsider is de*
batable.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I do not desire to detain the
Hous"c long. I say that the Committee on the
Judiciary thought it due to not much less than a
million people, occupying an area of iifty-six
thousand square miles, that they should report
this bill to the House, and to submit to the House
that it is due to them that the House should pass
the bill now, although it may not pass the Senate,
and although everybody knows that the adjourn-
ment to-morrow will prevent its passage there,if
there is a single objection to it.
Mr. F. A. CONlCLING. 1 desire to vote ad-
visedly on this bill, and I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio on how many days during the
last year the district court for Michigan has been
held ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not able to answer that
question now; but I can tell the gentleman that
examination into the matter shows that a large
majority of the people of the State of Michigan,
by reason of their remoteness from the places where
the court is now held, and the difficulty of travel,
cannot have justice administered at all in the Fed-
eral courts. I say further, that when this bill is
passed by the House, if there is a single Senator
Who doubts its propriety, he can prevent its pas-
sage, as every one acquainted with the rules of
the Senate knows. I ask the passage of the bill
now, out of decent respect to the memorial of the
people ofMichigan. When it is passed, any mem-
ber can enter a motion to reconsider, and it will
He over till next December. I now move the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO MEMBERS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Before that mo-
tion is put, I desire to make a request of the House,
to which I am sure there will be no objection.
My colleague, Mr. Knapp, has just received a
telegraphic dispatch announcing the death of his
father, and desires leave of absence for the re-
mainder of the session.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. DAWES. I make the same request in my
own behalf. It is necessary for me to leave in the
morning on account of my ill health.
There being1 no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I now insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
six o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned until
eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, My 17, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.*
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless some
member demands the reading of the Journal, its
reading will be dispensed with. It is dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of A. C.
Jones, praying an appropriation for making a tar-
get for testing hid improvement in armor for ves-
sels and forts', which was ordered to lie on, the
table.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of volunteers
discharged for disability, and honorably dis-
charged from the Army of the United States, pray-
ing to be allowed $100 bounty; which was referred
to the Committee oft Military Affairs and the
Militia....
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
J. B. Ennis and others, in favor of the establish-
ment of a naval depot and foundery at Mound
City, Illinois; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom Were referred the petition of
Philip Fitzpatrick and the petition of Thomas
Clyde, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which' Was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the petition of
Charles Henry Foster; the petition of Marble N.
Taylor; a petition of citizens of New York, rela-
tive to the disposition of the lands of traitors; and
a resolution of the Senate directing the commit-
tee to inquire what further legislation is necessary
to protoct persons of color from illegal seizure in
Washington, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which w&s agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom were referred the memorial of
James Craig, as agent for certain banks and sav-
ings institutions in the State of Missouri; the me-
morial of the stockholders of the bank of the State
of Missouri; the memorial of the piesident.and
directors of the Franklin Savings Institution of
St. Louis; and the memorial of Pierce & Bacon,
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying that provision
maybe made for the payment of certain drafts
held by them, drawn by Russell, Majors & Wad-
dell on the War Department, and accepted by
John B. Floyd, late Secretary of War; and also
the report of the Secretary of War in answer to
a resolution of the Senate, of April 2, 1862. in re-
lation to drafts drawn by Russeli, Majors & Wad-
dell, or other parties, on the War Department,
and accepted by John B. Floyd, late Secretary
of War; and the correspondence of the War De-
partment in relation to the Floyd acceptances;
reported a joint resolution (S. No. 102) for the
relief of the holders of drafts, orders, or bills of
exchange drawn by Russell, Majors & Waddell,
contractors with the Government, commonly
known as the Floyd acceptances.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Pt int-
ing, to Whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs in relation to the loyalty
of the officers, professors, and pupils of the Naval
Academy, reported favorably thereon; and the
resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 397) to establish a bureau of migration, have
instructed me to report it back to the Senate with
an amendment. If there were a full Senate and
there were no objection to it, I should like to call
up the bill and put it on its passage. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
go upon the Calendar.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to make a remark per-
sonal to myself in relation to the events of yes-
terday. As a member of the committee on the
conduct of the war I desire to state in this manner
to the Senate and the country that I knew noth-
ing of any order of that committee authorizing the
publication of any of the proceedings of tiic com-
mittee; and I wish to say further, with due lespect
to other gentlemen, that I do not beU^ve the com-
mittee had any right to authorize any one to use
any portion of the evidence before it. I enter my
protest against the action of the committee. In
my opinion, as the committee was constituted by
this body, it was their duty to report to this body.
I have nothing to say personally about the taste
of any gentleman who has used it; but I desir * in
this manner to enter my protest against it, and lo
say that if any such Action was taken by the com-
mittee, it was without my knowledge and con-
sent.
