til': CQNOEESPQHAL GLOBE.
July ;17,
WILLIAM PATTON.
Mr. COWAN. I- should like to call «p the
resolution in regard to General Patton, formerly
a cleric in this body, and have it acted on.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That In view of the long and faithful service
of William Patton as principal engrossing clerk of the Sen-
ate, his salary be continued to him from the 1st of Novem-
ber to the end'of the fiscal year terminating on the 30th of
last month.
Mr. COWAN. I should be glad to have a
letter from Mr. Patton read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. "HALE. - It is extremely painful to me to
oppose this resolution; but I feel constrained, by
a sense of public duty, which is too imporatiye
to be resisted, to enter my protest against its pas-
sage. Mr. Patton'sis not the only case. There
were a great many gentlemen removed from office
at the comraencementof this year, and the Senate
have uniformly refused, except in the case of Mr.
Dickins, its late Secretary, to allow these gratui-
ties. Mr. Patton was a very faithful and worthy
officer, whom I very highly esteemed; but there
are many others of the same character. If this
appeal is to be listened to, it will not be the only
one, buttherewill be multitudes of others. I feel
constrained to oppose it, and to vote against it,
not from any want of sympathy or respect for
Mr. Patton, but because I think itis due to a sense
of public justice that the resolution should not
pass.
Mr. WILMOT. I know this gentleman, Wil-
liam Patton, very well. I also know that the
statement in his letter, which has been read, is
strictly true. He was for a long time a cleric m
this Senate—some twenty-six years—and de-
voted himself very faithfully to the duties of his
appointment. In this resolution there is noth-
ing peculiar. It has not been unusual for the Sen-
ate, on the dismissal of an officer, to pass a reso-
lution giving him some compensation beyond the
exact amount due to him. I hail some hand in
the removal of Mr. Patton, and I am very desir-
ous that this resolution should pass. He has
been a most faithful officer, and has devoted him-
self very industriously for twenty-six years to the
business of this body. He hsus returned here dur-
ing every recess, 1. believe, for twenty-five years,
for the purpose of superintending the printing of
the index, and was thereby subjected to expense.
It may be said that he could have remained here.
So he could, but he preferred to return home uud
then come hack again for the purpose of super-
intending the publication. This is but a small
amount. It gives him somo seven months' addi-
tional pay.
Mr. CLARK. I agree with my colleague that
this is no time to pass a resolution of this kind. I
know that Mr. Patton is a very worthy gentle-
man; I have no doubt he has been a very efficient
clerk. I hone, however, the Senators from Penn-
sylvania will not press the resolution when the
Senate is not full. One of those Senators, per-
haps, knows the history of a claim presented
bvMr. Patton, which hus been examined by the
Committee on Claims. I do not wish to refer to
it now. I have no doubt ho is a very worthy man;
I have no doubt he is in indigent circumstances;
but there are a great many people in a like con-
dition appealing to the Committee on Claims every
day to pass claims on account of their poverty.
If we begin here, there is no knowing where it
will end; and though I sympathize with Mr. Pat-
ton, I think the Senate of the United States ought
not now at this time, whatever they do hereafter,
to pass this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the resolution be read a third time?"
Being for the payment of money, three readings
arc required.
Mr. HALTS. Can it be read a third time to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro-tempore. It has been
read twice heretofore. The question is on its third
reading now.
The resolution was read a third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, "Shall the resolution pass?"
Mr. GRIMES. 11 is very evident we are going
to break up the Senate in a few minutes on this
matter.. 1 therefore move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSI01J, .. _; _>. ■
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT.
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
Follow- Citizens of the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have inadvertently omitted so long to inform you that in
March last Mr. Cornelius Vanderhiit, of New York, gratui-
touely presented to the United States the ocean steamer
Vanderbilt, by many esteemed the finest merchant ship in
the world. She lias ever since been, and still is, doing val-
uable service to the Government. For tlie patriotic act in
making this magnificent and valuable present to the coun-
try, 1 recommend that some suitable acknowledgment be
made. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
July 17,188-2.
The message was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message from the President in rela-
tion to the confiscation bill; which whs ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resoled, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
Tliat the adjournment of the two Houses be postponed un-
til the hour of two o'clock, p. m.: this day, at which time
the President of the Senate and tl>e Speaker of the House
of Representatives adjoui n their respective Houses sine die.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Morris, its
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had con-
curred in the resolution extending the time of
adjournment.
PRINTING OF LAWS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was consideredby unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the acts and res-
olutions of the Thirty-Seventh Congre&s be printed in
pamphlet form for the use of the Henate, with a suitable
index.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the Senate joint resolution (No.
100) suspending the sale, by sealed bids, of the
hinds of the Kansas and the Sac and Fox tribes
of Indians.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 579) to authorize
payments in stamps, and to prohibit circulation
of notes of a less denomination than one dollar.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (S. No. 86) regulating the
employment of the convicts in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia for their improvement
and benefit;
A joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to the
law of prize; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 98) to repeal and
modify sections two and three of an act entitled
"Ail act to settle the titles to certain lands set apart
for the use of certain half-breed Kansas Indians in
Kansas Territory," approved May 26,1860, and
to repeal pait of section one of said act;
A joint resolution (S. No. 99) releasing to the
lieirs-at-law of Robert L. Stevens, deceased, all
the right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to Stevens's battery;
An act (S. No. 394) to amend the act calling
.forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, ap-
proved February 26, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 543) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
steamship Coatzacoaicos to America;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) further to
provide for the compensation of members of Con-
gress;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) to amend
section seventy-seven of an act to provide internal
revenue tp support the Government and pay in- ■
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (I~I. R.No. 110) explanatory
of an act to, suppress insurrection, to punish trea-
son and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for other purposes; arid
An act (S. No. 385) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend.an act entitled ' An act in ad-
dition to the acts prohibiting the slave trade.' "
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed, on the 16th instant,
the following acts andjomt resolution:
Ajointresolution (H. R. No. 105) to grantpen-
sions to masters and other officers upon the gun-
boats in the service of the United States;
Ajointresolution (H. R. No. 102) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain Andrew H.
Foote, United States Navy;
Ajointresolution (H.R. No. 108) requiring the
superintendent of metropolitan police to pay over
certain moneys collected for fines and penalties to
constitute a contingent fund for certain purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 280) to establish and equal-
ize the grades of line officers of the United States
Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 496) to enlarge the Lake
Superior land district, in the State of Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 571) to punish the fraudu-
lent sale or use of postage stamps;
An act (H. R. No. 573) to impose an additional
duty on sugars produced in the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 518) transferring the west-
ern gunboat fleet from the War to the Navy De-
partment;
An act (H. R. No. 503) to confirm and estab-
lish a patent heretofore granted to Etienne Bernot,
dated July 24,18§0, and to secure to George Sum-
merville Norris, the assignee of said patent, the
benefit of the full term for which said patent was
granted;
An act (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Robert
M. Evans;
An act(H. R. No. 355) to amend an act en- .
titled " An act to further promote the efficiency j/"
of the Navy," approved ©ecember 21, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of James
N. Muller, supervising inspector of steamboats
for the third supervising district;
An act(H. R.No. 524) prohibiting the confine-
ment of persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted States in the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia, except as a punishment for certain
crimes, and to discharge therefrom certain con-
victs by sentence of courts-martial, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 527) to secure one month's
pay and pension to Margaret Bailey, widow of
George B. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in the ninth
regiment of Virginia volunteers; and
An act (H. R. No. 572) making supplemental
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and for the year ending June 30, 1862.
ORDNANCE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, in reply to the resolution of the Senate of the
11th instant, communicatinga copy of the general
report of the commission on ordnance and ord-
nance stores, and stating that the chairman, Hon. -
Joseph Holt, has been diligently engaged in pre-
paring the general report, the special decisions on
the several cases, and the evidence for transmis-
sion to the Senate, and that the copy of the de-
cision on the several cases, and of the evidence,
cannot be completed for Several days; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
POSTAGE STAMPS A CURRENCY.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill (H.
R. No. 579) to authorize payments in stamps, and
to prohibit the circulation of notes of less denom-
ination than one dollar, was read three times, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent there-
in, tlie doors were reopened.
