2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
to give to New York a bonus of a million of acres;
in six months her scrip will go out to be located
a)! over the West and will be held for years, while
the honest settler goes upon the land, makes im-
provements, builds roads and school-houses and
churches. Sir, as one western man I am not ready-
to vote for any such proposition, I prefer to wait
until we can have twenty-one more votes in the
House.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not this very land scrip
when located assist in building school-houses and
roads?
Mr. WRIGHT. Who goes upon it?
Mr. GRIMES. No matter whether anybody
goes on it or not; it is subject to taxation the mo-
ment it is entered.
Mr. WRIGHT. My answer is, the moment
it belongs to a corporation they will hold it then-
own time before offering it for sale.
Mr. GRIMES. It cannot be owned by the
State. It is to be sold on the issuing of the scrip.
Mr. WRIGHT. Who controls it? Does not
the Legislature of the State control it, when it shall
be sold, and how it shall be sold?
Mr. GRIMES. The State of New York can-
not control this actif ltpasses into a law; and this
act provides that certain scrip shall be given to the
State; butit cannot be used by the State except by
selling it to persons who choose to go and locate
it. The moment it is located, then the tide inures
to the benefit of the holder, and becomes subject,
to taxation.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then, if I understand the Sen-
ator, the scrip is issued and sold to men in New
York or anywhere else,
Mr. GRIMES. Anybody who has a mind to
buy it.
Mr. WRIGHT. That makes it still more
objectionable to me.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. With the permission
of the Senator from Indiana, I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa a question. How is it
with a State that lias agreed solemnly with the
General Government not to tax the land within
her borders for five years after entry?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are the General
Government lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas No lands are to be
sold belonging to the General Government.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to inquire what
States have agreed to such an arrangement?
Mr. GRIMES. None where there are any pub-
lic lands left.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Iowa 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana i*s entitled to the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is utterly out of the ques-
tion fftr any man to satisfy me that when we give
this kind to a State it does not place it under th( ir
control, to a great extent, and m such a way and
manner that they may hold that land for years.
It is not possible for Congress to pass an net by
which it can be prevented. It is the property of
the State for certain purposes, and she must have
her own time and way as to the manner in which
she will appropriate it.
Hut I have another objection, as a western man,
to this measure. 1 have long looked forward to
the time when we should be able to pass a home-
stead bill; and as an advocate of the homestead
bill, I desn e to enter my protest against this meas-
ure. Besides, looking at it not with reference to
my own section alone, it is entering on a system
that will do no practical good. It will build up in
certain States a certain interest. That interest
would be much better off i( left alone. That in-
terest, now, under the organization of our State
agricultural institutions, relying on voluntary aid
and subscription, does not icquiro this measure
for the improvement of the country. There are
far higher and greater interests that demand the
support of this Government, if it was required.
Then, when I look at another thing, the credit of
this nation, the vast debt we have made, and the
implied faith resting upon us towards our cred-
itors, I think this fund should not be diverted in
this way. I do not regard it as any diversion when
we ^rantlauds for homesteads. When a man goes
upon thejand to cultivate it, he is adding to the
wealth of the country in the true way. As one
Of the Representatives of a western State, I wish
fo enter my opposition, and shall east my vote
against this measure in any and every form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to tak-
ing the vote on that amendment. There are other
amendments that I desire to introduce, but if the
Senate are ready to vote, I will not occupy any
time now. I am in favor of the amendments al-
ready reported.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order of the day is now
before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I will move to postpone all
other orders until we take a vote on this bill.
["Oh, no."] Then there is no use in taking this
bill ur  unless we can have unlimited time upon
it. We understand now that it is the intention
to oppose it as far as possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After we get through the
tax bill you can take it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word.
My colleague will see from the action of the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives against
this bill, that it is hardly probable it will pass at
the present session. I think, therefore, the time
occupied in its consideration now would be really
wasted, and I hope we shall take up the tax bill.
As it has been defeated by a decidcd majority of
the Committee on Public Lands of the House, I
think that that is an indication of the action of
the House on the bill for this session.
Mr. WADE. I am no guardian of the action
of the House. This bill is before the Senate; I
believe it is a good bill, and whether it is or not,
I want the Senate to pass upon it. They will
undoubtedly pass upon it, independent of any ac-
tion of the House, and when they take it up they
will do what they please with it. I should be
glad to have the question taken now. I do not
believe it will take long.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Ohio will
allow me to suggest to him that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance gave notice yesterday
that he wanted to press the tax bill through
to-day and to-morrow, if possible. Perhaps it
would be better to let him make that effort to-day
and to-morrow. We can continue the consider-
ation of this bill dining the morning hour, and
we shall have more scope for its consideration
the first of the week. I am heartily in favor of
the bill, and desire to use every effort to get it
through, but I think we had better let the tax
bill come up at the present time.
Mr. TRIJMBULL. I wish to say one word
about this pressing a bill through to-day and to-
morrow. I am utterly opposed to any attempt by
a prolonged session to pass this long tax bill to-
day or to-morrow. I do not appreciate the neces-
sity for it. I cannot conceive why it should be
urged that that bill is to go through to-day and to-
morrow. I know we have got a tax bill to pass;
there is no doubt Congress will pass it; but we
are not bound to adjourn at any particular time,
and I must say that I doubt the propriety of Con-
gress adjourning in the present condition of the
country; and until we see that there is a propriety
in our leaving here, we may as well take our time
and dispose of this tax bill, and other bills. I do
not wish to prolong the discussion on the tax bill,
but I am utterly opposed to a long and protracted
session, in the present condition of things, to pass
the tax bill or any other bill. I see no necessity
for it. I believe it would be an unfortunate step
j for the Oongiess of the United States, in the
|! present condition of things to adjourn, even if it
ji had nothing to do. I believe members who are
!i paid a salary by the year, and who are supposed,
j1 at any rate, to be doing1 something to maintain the
!' honor and integrity of the Union, have no excuse
j! foi deserting their places here, when their brothers
and children are in the field, sleeping upon the
i! ground, exposing their lives and their health to
maintain this Government. I do not think that
members of Congress, for their own convenience,
should leave then-places here; and therefore I do
not appreciate the necessity of pushing the bill
through in a ms:ht session. I hope no such ses-
sions will be held.
Not only that, sir: I am utterly opposed to pro-
:j longing the daily sessions beyond the usual hour.
i| We have sat more hours this session than ever be-
!I fore since I came here, and I believe ever before
in the history of the Government. We have met
at twelve o'clock, and sat every day until five
o'clock, and frequently until half past five, regu-
larly, and last week we sat Saturday and all. That
was never done before since I have been a mem-
ber; and I think if you will look back into the
records of Congress, you will find no session when
the members have been in their seats so many
hours as during the present session of Congress.
I am willing to sit here if there is an urgency for
the passage of any matter; but does it make any
difference whether the tax bill be passed to-day,
the 30th day of May, or on the 1st day of June?
1 say this, merely not to be precluded by the re-
marks that were made by the Senator from New
Hampshire this morning, and which were made
by the Senator from Maine yesterday, that it is
understood we are to continue here to-night for
the purpose of pressing through the bill. I do
not want any such understanding, so far as I am
concerned. If the Senate think proper to do it,
very well; but it was to preclude that idea that I
have risen at all.
Mr. CLARK. I was not aware of having said
one word to that effect. I did not say one word
in regard to an adjournment of Congress. I did
not say one word about a night session. I simply
said that the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance had yesterday given us notice that he wanted
to get the tax bill through to-day and to-morrow,
and that if we should let this other matter go to
the first of next week we should have more room
and scope to consider it. I am as willing as the
Senator from Illinois to sit here just as long as
either the passage of laws or the situation of the
country requires us to be here. I did not say one
word about going away. I have not expressed a
wish in public about going away—not a word. I
am ready to sit here at^my desk and attend to my
duty as cheerfully as he will; but that is no reason
why we should not select the best time and best
method of accomplishing a certain thing. My
judgment was, that if we let the tax bill be taken
up to-day and to-morrow—I may be mistaken—
that the first of the week 
Mr. SUMNER. Why to-morrow?
Mr. CLARK. Because I think we should sit
to-mon ow.
Mr. WADE. If you had stopped talking we
could have had a vote on this bill.
Mr. CL ARK. I am willing to stop talking, but
the Senator should have made the suggestion to
the Senator from Illinois, who made a long speech
which called for sr;ne reply from me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not very long.
Mr. CLARK. Longer than mine, and I do not
know why the Senator from Ohio should apply
the gag to me.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to apply any gag.
You may talk until September if you like.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to talk; but I
shall sit down m my own time, and not when ad-
monished to sit down by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a single
word in explanation simply. I believe it is due
to myself that I should say it. We have had this
bill under consideration in the Senate every day
since Wednesday of last week, and I think it is
time we should get through with it. I said to the
Senate yesterday that I desired it to be disposed
of this week, and I do; but I cannot control, nor
shall I attempt to control, the Senate. 1 merely
expressed a wish on the subject. The amount of
what the Senator from Illinois says is simply this:
that he will be governed by his own judgment;
that if the majority of the Senate decide they
want to do it, he will say it is not binding on
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the amount of it.
That is the plain inference from what the Senator
said. Those were not his words. I said I should
ask the Senate to finish the bill this week, if pos-
sible. I suppose by the time we get to half past
four, when I call for the yeas and nays on the
question of adjournment, it will be found that gen-
tlemen are not here; that those who are determ-
ined they will be governed by their our judgment
are not here, have gone home, and there is no
quorum, They have a right to do it, and I can-
not prevent them.
There is one other thing that 1 wish to say. I
deem it important to the public business that we
should finish this bill, and finish it pretty soon. I
