18(52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let that be the text;
and if the editor of the Tribune desires his sug-
gestions carried out, let him publish the testi-
mony in regard to McICinstry's transactions in
St. Louisas acommentary in order that his readers
may judge what injustice has been done.
Mr. HARRISON. There is no disagreement
among the loyal, Union-loving citizens of the
country relative to what is and ought to be the
object of the General Government m this great
crisis of our domestic troubles as a nation. All
the true friends of the Republic agree—nay, not
only agree, but insist—that the object of the con-
test on our part is, and should be, to put down re-
bellion against the lawful authority of the national
Government; that our sole purpose is to vindicate
the supremacy of the Constitution, preserve the
integrity of the Union, execute the laws of the land,
establish permanent peace and security within our
national jurisdiction, and maintain republican lib-
erty upon this continent. The only question
which gives rise to controversy is this: how
should these great and patriotic objects be attained?
No subject of greater interest and importance
has ever engaged, or will ever demand, the atten-
tion of an Ameiican citizen or statesman. It is of
incalculable magnitude and moment m every as-
pectand m all its bearings. In a word, it involves
the fate of the Republic and the destiny of gener-
ations. This question should therefore be dispas-
sionately, honestly, and thoroughly considered.
In its examination we should be guided by calm
reason, constitutional principles, and the public
law of the civilized world, and not be misled by
passion or prejudice, nor be ensnared by human-
itarian or revolutionary ideas-and theories.
There are sotn e general principles which I regard
as landmarks in the investigation of this subject.
I shall, at this time, attempt nothing more than to
briefly state them: a third of the nation has re-
belled, and, as far as it can, has thrown off its
allegiance to the United States, and claims to have
established a constitution of its own. The Gen-
eral Government is endeavoring to suppress the
lebellion, and extend the authority of its Consti-
tution and laws over the rebellious districts. It is
striving to enforce its laws and extend its juris-
diction in fact over the rebels and the territory they
occupy. Out of this arises a very obvious prin-
ciple: that those icho are endeavoring to enforce the
Constitution and laws ought to obey them. This in-
cludes all the laws and every constitutional pro-
vision, without any exception whatever.
We are in a state of war, and by arms are en-
deavoring to suppress a rebellion and preserve the
integrity of the Union. Vastaimies, and naval
expeditions of formidable proportions, arc being
used as instruments in the accomplishment of this
purpose. Out of tins arises another obvious prin-
ciple: that ichatever is not prohibited by the national
Constitution, or the public laiv< and is clearly a mil-
itary necessity, is lawful a ad right. This embraces
the power to seize and condemn property and to
confiscate debts. Any action of Congiess con-
cerning the confiscation of property ought, in my
judgment, to be of such a nature as will tend to
induce citizens of lebel States^'to leturn to their
allegiance, rather than to confirm and render them
desperate 111 their present attitude of disloyalty.
I shall notnowgo intodetails on this or any other
proposition which I may state.
In all investigations of this subject it is neces-
sary to assume that the rebellion can and will be
put down, and the authority of the Government
submitted to in every portion of the country as it
was prior to the "breaking out of the rebellion.
Tins implies the use of such means as are neces-
sary and adequate to the accomplishment of the
end, which must be attained at all hazards. In order
to accomplish this end, it is not, in my opinion,
indispensable that we should attempt to abolish
slavery by an act of Congress, either directly or
mdirectly. Whether Congress has the power, as
some assert, to pass an actemancipatmg the slaves
m the revolted States, in case such act of emanci-
pation xccre necessary to subdue the rebellion, need
not, therefore, be considered ordtscussed. Surely,
all who still recognize and seM\ to enforce the
authority of the Constitution must admit that
slavery, as such, cannot be interfered with any
more than any other species of property can be,
Secause it happens to be property.
So far from an act of emancipation being neces-
sary for the accomplishment of the end in view—
in the prosecution of the war—I believe the pre-
dominant public sentiment in the loyal States, the
known views and feelings of a large majority of
the Army of the Union, as weli as the state of the
contest at this time, suggest and urge the mainte-
nance of the policy of avoiding any unnecessary
interference, by legislative enactments, with the
institution of slavery in the States. No more
slaves should be emancipated by the act of the
Government than may be necessary in the pro-
gress of the war.
The argument of the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] did not con-
vince me of the necessity of emancipating all the
slaves in the revolted States in order to prevent
another rebellion. On the contrary, my firm con-
viction is that this one can be suppressed, and
those engaged in it, or the great mass of them,
kept in subjection to the Government, without
any general act of emancipation by Congress, or
the liberation of all the slaves of the South in any
mode whatever.
As one of the inevitable conscqucnces of the
rebellion and its suppression, the political power of
slavery will be broken, and " the institution" re-
stored to its constitutional status as the creature of
local law. Hence it will bo thenceforth incapable
of mischief, and can never again put the Consti-
tution or the Union in peril. It will be put in the
course of gradual and final extinction. This will
result under the operation of the laws of Provi-
dence, from placing limitations and restrictions
upon its political power and temtorial limits.
I regard the rebellion as a war waged by politi-
cal leaders and men in arms against the lawful au-
thority of the Government, and endeavoring to
overthrow it. Therefore the object of the Gov-
ernment should be to vanquish and destroy the
rebel army with superior Union forces, and then
promptly punish the leaders for treason according
to the Constitution and laws.
Any action of Congress on this subject ought,
in my judgment, to grow out of the public neces-
sity, and be cleaily referable to that as its origin.
This I tlunk is due to the honor and integrity of
the nation, and to the loyal citizens of the rebel-
lious districts.
Moderation is perfectly consistent with firm-
ness; and the enlightened public sentiment of the
country demands that the former as well as the
latter shall appear in all the pioceedings of Con-
gress relating to the rebellion. Intemperance and
weakness are so associated in the minds of all
men, that the exhibition of the former in an ad-
versary is regarded as an indication of defeat.
The doctrines laid down by the President in
his messages to Congress are the doctrines upon
which the war can be constitutionally piosecuted
to a successful and glorious termination. I un-
derstand him to recommend substantially the pol-
icy so explicitly and frankly stated in the resolu-
tions introduced into this House at its special
session, by the pati iotic and distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] which
were adopted almost unanimously, and heartily
sanctioned by nearly eveiy loyal citizen of the
Union. Their meaning is, as I understand them,
that we will in good faith abide by the Constitu-
tion, prosecute the war with vigor, and as one
of the means of success, right and just in itself,
that we will, as far as practicable, protect the con-
stitutional rights of the citizens of all the States.
Whenever the property of the enemy falls into
the hands of our military authouties, it is subject
of course to confiscation, and I do not see how we
can, under such circumstances, make any excep-
tion as tQ the slaves of peison^ who have volun-
tarily and actually taken up aims against the
Government. This is an incident arising out of
a state of war; but it is not in the slightest degree
the object of the war. I confess that in case the
revolted States shall so conduct and prolong the
contest as to compel the General Government to
conquer them, it may be that the institution of
slavery in those States cannot survive the shock:
not because we shall seek to destroy it—for so
long as we hold to the Union ice cannot do thai—but
for the simple reason that the habits of subordin-
ation and obedience on which the institution of
slavery rests may be broken up by war and the
presence of hostile armies.
Our salvation as a nation in this crisis, depends,
I verily believe, upon our adhering, in good faith,
to the Constitution m all its length and breadth.
Notwithstanding this proposition seetas to'incso
plain that " he who runs may read" it in every
fact and event of our past glorious history and
present unfortunate situation as a nation, theories
have been putforth in the discussion of this sub-"
ject, even by distinguished lawyers of this House,
which 1 think are manifestly and utterly repug-
nant to the Constitution. Nay, sir, the startling
position has been announced and advocated in
highly colored and impassioned language, that the
Constitution itself is no longer operative; and that,
therefore, it is not now binding upon the public
agents appointed by the people to administer, pro-
tect, and defend it, and who have taken a solemn
oath to support it.
But notwithstanding it has been thus assailed,
and its authority denied here as elsewhere, I trust
the Constitution of the United States, and the ne-
cessity of its observance and maintenance, require
vno defense in this Hall, especially in this period
and crisis of our country's history. This Con-
stitution was adopted three quarters of a century
ago. It was framed by a convention of heroic,
patriotic, wise men. Their heroism and patriot-
ism were triumphantly demonstrated upon every
battle-field of the American Revolution; their wis-
dom was most signally exemplified in the forma-
tion of the Constitution of the United States. This
great charter lias been since its adoption, is still,
and, I trust, will be " until the last syllable of re-
corded time," the pride and glory and shield of
every true American, as well as the admiration
and boast and hope of every friend of constitu-
tional freedom throughout the world. Itwas the
only instrumentality by which republican liberty
upon this continent was secured; its preservation
and maintenance arc the only means by which that
liberty can be perpetuated. Under the operation of
its wise and beneficent provisions, the American
people have enjoyed more freedom and greater
prosperity and happiness than any other people
on the globe were ever blessed with. Through its
instrumentality they have attained a higher, more
honorable, and more influential position among
the nations of the world than waseverattained by
any other people in the same period of time. By
means of the invigorating, fostering, and free sys-
tem of Government which it put into active oper-
ation, the American people have risen from the
feeble condition of tlm teen weak republics on the
eastern coast of North America to the command-
ing position of thirty-four powerful States, united
under one superintending national head, and, by
means of the national unity thereby created, have
become one of the leading Powers of the earth.
A vast majouty of the American people remain
true to their obligations and allegiance, and still
appreciate the manifold and immense benefits arnd
blessings which they have derived, and will in the
future derive, from the establishment and main-
tenance of the Constitution and the Union; and
they have irrevocably determined that neither
shall be destroyed by any combination or con-
spiracy, upon any pretext whatever. And, Mr.
Speaker, the reason why the loyal citizens of the
country have willed that the rebellion shall be put
down at all hazards is, that those who wickedly
planned it, and who are as infamously carrying
it on, are endeavoring to overthrow the national
Constitution, sunder our national Union, and
stuke democratic republican Governments from
the American continent. The people believe that
this Constitution secured republican liberty on
this continent to the generation in which it was
formed and their posterity, and that the preserva-
tion and perpetuation of that liberty are dependent
upon their unflinching fidelity to the Constitu-
tion and the Union, as originally constituted and
transmitted to them by their heroic, patriotic, and
wise ancestry, as a priceless legacy. They firmly
believe, too, that the Constitution is as obligatory
now as it was when the Government was put into
operation by its adoption, and that whenever it
shall become inoperative the Government will per-
ish, and the doom of the American will be sealed
forever.
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, the predomi-
nant sentiment of the jteojde of all the loyal States is,
that the war must be efficiently prosecuted in con-
formity to the Constitution and for its maintenance
and preservation, and in no other way and for the
accomplishment of no other purpose; and that
! whoever shall place himself in the way of the
{ speediest possible attainment of that end, consist-
