1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1488
the principle adopted in the bill, to which I at-
tempted to call t he attention of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Horton] during the progress of his
remarks. My objection is, that this is essentially
n tax upon railroad corporations, and not upon
the traveling public which use the railroads.
My objection was sought to be answered by the
assertion that the railroad company, although
taking all the fare that the law of the State cre-
ating the corporation authorized it to take, might
take the additional amount imposed by this tax.
I say, as a legal proposition, that cannot be main-
tained. The railroad company is simply the
creature of State legislation, and within the con-
trol and supervision of the State Legislature; and,
sir, it can no more transcend the powers conferred
by the Legislature than can any other creature of
the Legislature wholly within the control of that
Legislature. If Congress could authorize a larger
amount of receipts than that authorized by the
State Legislature, could not the State Legislature
repeal the act of incorporation at once, and take
away the right to collect any fare at all?
The gentleman says that it all kinds of non-pro-
ductive property within the limits of the United
States were exempted from taxation under this
bill, a large proportion of the property of the coun-
try would be exempted from taxation. That does
not answer the objection at all. 1 admit a man
may hold property, say a valuable wood lot, and
from wliieh he receives no present income at all.
He is reserving it, perhaps, until some future
period, when it will be still more valuable than
any present use he could make of it. Now, such
property ought to be taxed. But it is a different
thing where a corporation is running a railroad
which pays no revenue, and the stock of which is
worth nothing, and which company iuns the road
exclusively and wholly for the public convenience.
There is no reason why such road ought to be
taxed. This tax ought to be graduated in refer-
ence to the actual value of the property proposed
to be taxed, or it ought to be regulated by the
amount of income realized from such propeity;
but the provisions of this bill accomplish neither
of these purposes, and 1 think it is essentially
wrong. It will be found to be unjust in its appli-
cation in nine cases out of ten. There is no rea-
son why this tax should not be imposed upon rail-
roads that arc valuable in proportion to the actual
value of the property, or in proportion to its net
receipts.
Mr. BEAMAN. I call the attention of the
committee to the point made by the gentleman
last up. No\V, sir, this tax, upon the face of it,
purports to be upon the railroad company. It
seems to me you cannot tax my property and
then collect the tax upon my neighbor. This is
a tax upon the railroad company, or it is a tax
upon the passenger. If the tax be upon the rail-
road company, can you collect it upon the pas-
senger? if upon the passenger, can you collect
it upon the railroad company?
There is another point. The proviso in this
section does not propose to levy the tax upon the
passenger*, but proposes, in so many words, to
add so much to the fare of passengers. The ques-
tion is whether, the corporation being limited in
the amount of fare, this Congress can increase
that amount. That is the question which we aie
to decide in oui vote on this amendment.
Mr. OLIN, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CUTLER. I move to add the following
proviso:
No railroad shall hp taxed under the provisions of this
act, unly&s it pa>s, a dividend.
The reason I move that amendment is to call
the attention of the committee to what 1 regard as
a just and proper discrimination in regard to this
matter of a tax upon railroad propeity. Up to the
time when a railroad company begins to pay a
dividend it is not such a property as will justify
the sovereign Power in laying a tax upon it. Up
to the point when it begins to remunerate the
owners it is simply a public convenience. The
operators, besides having expended their money,
are expending their time for the purpose of oper-
ating the road as a public necessity, with the
hope that it will ultimately compensate them for
their outlay of money and time. I think that this
is a proper view of the subject. I do not think
that this House would desire that it should he
taxed where it is managed only as a public con-
venience and without remuneration. I know that
if the provision is allowed to remain in the bill as
it now is,thatit will stop hundreds of miles of road
in the country from running. There are roads
which gentlemen in this committee know cannot
pay the tax that is here provided. I know many
companies who are compelled to expend every dol-
lar of their receipts in the most economical man-
ner in order to keep their roads running. If they be
taxed fifteen or twenty thousand dollars under
this bill they will not be able to run at all, and,
of course, will pay no revenue to the Government
at all.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, in order
to put a question to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I wish to know why
it is that horse railroads and ferries are taxed only
one and a half per cent, of the gross earnings, and
the New York Central railroad is taxed ten per
cent.; and when the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means answers that question, I
should like to know whether horse railroads are
not more profitable than steam railroads in pro-
portion to the amount invested?
Mr. STEVENS. Upon an examination of the
horse railroads it has been found that they cannot
afford to pay the same amount of tax that longer
steam railroads can. And it is impossible almost
to get at the number of miles traveled upon these
short horse railroads. It is much easier to getat
the gross receipts. These horse railroads carry
passengers only a few squares as a general thing.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It was not to
know why that in one instance the tax is upon
the gross receipts and in the other so much a mile
of travel that I put the question to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, but to
know why horse railroads and ferries are taxed
only one and a half per cent., and the New York
Central railroad is taxed ten per cent.?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not know the fact to be
so. Gentlemen seem to go upon the ground that
the railroad companies are to be made poorer by
this tax. Now, these railroad companies will not
pay a dollar less because they pay this tax. It is
those who tra\el upon these roads that will have
to pay the tax. It is all idle to say that because
,/the railroad companies pay little now they will
pay less when this tax is imposed, for they will be
nothing more than the collectors of this tax from
the traveling community for the Government.
I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, aecoidmg to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 31*2) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending section of the tax bill close in one
minute after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vallandig-
ham and Worcester were appointed.
The question was put; and thftellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 29; no quorum voting.
CALL OF TIIB HOUSE.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved that there be a call
of the Ilouse.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was then called; and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Me-si*. Anconu, Arnold, GnhNmith F- Bailey, Francis
P. Blair, Bmnham, Clark, Conway, Cooper, Covode, Cox,
CriS'fiiid, CtittfndfTi. Delaphune. Diven, Dueil, Ely, Lng-
li-h. I'Vnton, Fcf.sciuh'ii. Fisher. Fouke, Frank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gurley, ijolman, Jackson, Johnson, Killinger,
Knapp, lianvinc;. Leaty, Log.ui, McKcan, MePhcrfcon,
Marion, Maw Mawiai'd, Noell, Odell, Patton, John S.
I'lielps ]\U>\ John II. l(ice, Richard-son, James fc3.Rollins,
Shank-, Sloan. Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiam, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Wall, Chailos YV. Walton, E. P. Walton, and
Whuloy.
The SPEAKER thru caused the doors of the
Hail to be closed, and the names of the absentees !!
to be called, for excuses; when the following pro-
ceeding's took place:
Sydenham E. Ancona.
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Ancona
has paired off with Mr. Patton for this day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Is that motion de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would like to say
a few words about enacting this farce here every
little while. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Upon a division of the House, no quorum
voting,
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE withdrew his motion.
The Clerlt proceeded with the call of the list of
absentees, ss follows:
Isaac N. Arnold. No excuse offered.
Goldsmith F. Bailey.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Bailey has bren com-
pelled to leave the city on account of indisposition.
I move that, he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Francis P. Blair.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that Mr. Blair be ex-
cused, as I understand he is not well this morn-
ing. He came into the Hall after his name was
called.
The motion was agreed to.
Alfred A. Burnham. No excuse offered.
Martin F. Conway.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Conway is confined
to his room by indisposition. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas B.Cooper.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Cooper is detained from
the House by sickness. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Cox. No excuse offered.
John W. Crisfield. No excuse offered.
John J. Crittenden. No excuse offered.
Isaac Dei.afi.aine. No excuse offered.
Alexander S. Diven. No excuse offered.
S. Holland Dijell. No excuse offered.
Alfred Ely. No excuse offered.
James E. English. No excusc offered.
Ambrose W. Clark.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Clark was sent for
this morning to go to Alexandria. I move that
he bo excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Reuben E. Fenton. No excuse offered.
Samuel C. Fessenden. No excuse offered.
George P. Fisher. No excuse offered.
Philip B. Fouke.
Mr. OLIN. It is known that Mr. Fouke is
at the head of his regiment. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Augustus Frank.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Frank has been called
home on account of sickness. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Daniel W. Gooch.
Mr. ALLEY. My colleague, Mr. Gooch, is
absent upon the committee on the conduct of the
war. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John N. Goodwin. No excuse offered.
John A. Gurley. No excuse offered.
William S. Holman.
Mr. CRAVEN. Mr. IIolman is absent on
Government business. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James S. Jackson.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Mr. Jackson is in the
Army. I move that lie be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Philip Johnson.
Mr. LAZEAR. My colleague, Mr. Johnson,
has been unexpectedly called home on important
business. I move he be excused.
Tiie motion was not agreed to.
John W. Killinger. No excuse offered.
