1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2443
deem it important to myself to get through with
it. After a month of constant labor upon this
bill—for nobody has had the responsibility of the
work about it that I have had, though gentlemen
around me do not seem to understand it—from
nine o'clock in the morning until Jive in thecven-
ening, and a large portion of the time working
nights upon it, I am admonished that I cannot
stand it many days longer, and I have been ad-
monished by my friends that I cannotstand it any
more. If the Senate wiil insist on dragging it out,
all I have to say is, I must give it up, and they
must take charge of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Mainehas
given the best possible reason for not urging the
bill through at this railroad speed. Physically,
he himself is pretty much broken down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said I deemed it of great
importance that we should finish it. It goes into
operation on the 1st day of July. There is not
time enough loft now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will go into operation
whenever Congress declares it shall, whether it
is the 1st day of July or the 10th day of July. It
did not pass the House of Representatives to go
into operation on the firstof the fiscal year. They
thought there was no importance in that. They
passed it to go into operation in June or May.
That has been altered in the Senate. It makes no
difference whether it is the 1st of July or the 10th
of July; and the Senator from Maine has given
the very be.«t reason in the world why it should
not be pressed by late sittings, and out of consid-
eration to him we ought not to press it in this way.
He tells us he has worked up'fen it from nine o'clock
in the morning until five o'clock in the evening,
and oftentimes in the night, until his friends ad-
monish him that he cannot undergo this contin-
uous labor. Then what is the remedy? Why,
take the thing deliberately. This 2:1 eat measure—
as the Senator from Rhode Island told us yester-
day, the most important upon which Congress
ever deliberated—which has cost the Senator from
Maine so much labor, is to go through here at
this railroad speed; and how are members of the
Senate to understand it? I do not expect to un-
derstand it very thoroughly, I admit. I hope to
understand the great features of the bill, and I ex-
pect to be governed in my vote by the suggestions
which may be presented to the consideration of
the Senate by the gentlemen who have examined
this matter to some extent, and to a very consid-
erable extent. The other suggestion of the Sen-
ator, that I would not be governed by the decis-
ion of the Senate, is wholly gratuitous. I said no
such thiniy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Substantially.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not substantially nor in-
ferentially. I said nothing of the kind. Docs it
follow that I am opposed to the Senate, because
I do not fall into the Senator's view about sitting
here at nurlu? Does he speak for the Senate5
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMUULL. Then how am I opposed
to the Senate? Suppose the Senate vote not to
sit here to-night. Then the Senator, I suppose,
is opposed to the Senate 011 that ground. I take
it, every individual member of the Senate will act
upon his responsibility in regard to this and other
questions. If a majority of the Senate vote to sit
here at night, I do not think there is anything 111
my previous history or action in the Senate from
which to infer that I would not be here at night.
I think the Senator will tax his recollection in
vain for anv niijht session since 1 have been a
member of the Senate that I have not been here;
but, sii, because 1 am here, a majority of the Sen-
ate having detei mined to come here, it does not
follow that of choice I would have been here. I
should prefer not to have the night session; and
I trust we may not have it. The only reason I
said anything was, that it seemed by the state-
ment of the Senator from Maine yesterday, and
theaiiusion to it by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to-day—for he did allude to it, and alluded
to it as taking it for granted; I so undeistood him
—that we should somehow be understood as as-
senting to this proposition. I should oppose a
night session.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say I sympathize en-
tirely with what the Senator from Illinois has said.
If I recollect aright this bill was under discussion
111 tin; House of Representatives more than three
weeks, and it is well known that there are rules
for the limit of debate in that body which do not
prevail here.
Mr. HALE. But which ought to prevail here.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from NewHarap*
shiie says, which ought to prevail here. They do
not prevail here, and we are to take things as they
are. Now, sir, shall we limit discussion; shall
we cut it off? There are no rules by which it can
hedone; but itis proposed todo itin another way;
that is, by night sessions; by protracting the daily
sessions; in short, by pressing this bill to a final
vote. I do not think that advisable. I think the
topics involved too important to be treated in that
summary way. Why, sir, beyond all the details
which we have already gone into, we have two or
three great questions of principle which we have
not approached, the question opened yesterday by
the Senator from Rhode Island, and still another
question which I presume will be presented by
the Senator from California, [Mr. McDougall,]
involving a different system of taxation. Is it
supposed that we can consider those important
questions in a single day or in two days, and that
then we shall be driven to a summary vote? I do
not think it possible. Then, if it were possible, I
do not think it advisable; and when I say this it
is from 110 disposition to shirk business or duty
in the Senate. I have not been out of my seat for
three minutes since this bill has been under con-
sideration, nor indeed have I been out of my scat
half an hour during this whole session. There-
fore I cannot fall under any criticism of the Sen-
ator from Maine, such as he has rather suggested,
I may say, than made, with regard to those who
are disposed to allow this discussion to be contin-
ued. I am ready to meet my duties fully here;
but I think that I shall meet them in the best way
by urging that this measure be considered as other
great public measures are usually considered in
this body—naturally, regularly, accoidingto the
customary order of business.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, this Congress
has been in session since the 1st of December last,
nearly six months, and during that whole time
the people of the country have been calling on
Congress to pass a tax bill. It was the wish, the
desire of the people when the session commenced;
it has been uiged upon us by the people ever since;
and still the matter has been delayed, and neces-
sauly delayed, to this time. It was a work of
time; it required thought, care, and great labor,
and that labor has been applied to it. But, sir, I
think the time has come when this body at least |
ought to act. The other House has acted, has
furnished us with a bill, and we are delayed day i
after day, spending only a few hours upon the sub- |
]ect, when the people of the country arc demand- !
ing of us action. I would not urge hasty action, ;
but I think we ought to give all the tunc we pos- j
sibly can to the subject. I cannot agree with the ;
Senator from Massachusetts or the Senator from ;
Illinois with regard to it. Jtdoes seem to me that j
we ought to concentrate our energies upon this ,
question and push it through at the earliest pos- j
siblc day, always, of course, with reference to wise -
and considerate action. With regard to theques- j
tion of Congress remaining here, I do not myself I
believe that it is of such importance that Congress ;
should be in session. I think we ought to do the !
business of the session, and then I believe it would ,
be a relief to the country, that business being :
done, if Congress should adjourn. _ :
Mr. LATHAM. I inquire what the question :
is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is ■
011 the motion to postpone the present bill for the
purpose of continuing the consideration ot the
agricultural college bill.
Mr. WADE. "I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 4, nays 35; as follows:
YK\S—Me«rs. llarlati, Howard.Wade. and Wiimot—4.
NAVfcf—Aiulmny, Bavunl. Binwiuii", Olaik.
Cowan. Dave-, Di\on, Doolittle, Feit-enueu. Foot, Foster, :
Games Hale, Ham-, lioue. Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, )
L'lne 01 Kansas, Latham, McDuu^all, Mornll, Nosmith, ,
Poniotov, Powell, SauNbury, Sherman, Simmons, Sunnier, 1
TenJCUek, Tli'mi-on, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey, Wil- >
son ot Massachusetts and Wtight—Jo. |
So the motion was not agreed to. j
THE TAX BILh. _ jj
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the h
Whole, the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. jj
'612) to provide internal revenue to support the (j
Government and pay interest 011 the public debt. '1
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to move an amend-
ment to the forty-second section, line six, to strike
out " twenty," and insert " thirty-five."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which number is it, the
one in brackets ?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is the whisky tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If Senators will
refer to the page of the bill, it will be much easier
to turn to it. The sections bear two numbers,
one in brackets, and the other not; which section
is it that the Senator from Rhode Island refers to?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Page44; 1 suppose it is
the section in brackets that the Senator refers to,
Mr. SIMMONS. The proposition is to raise
the tax on whisky from twentyto thirty-five cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is line six of
the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be done. That
is an amendment that has been already adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have not been very cap-
tious about this. I can move to strike out three
or four more words, and bring it in order, but I do
not want to be so stiict. I will qualify the amend-
ment which I propose, by striking out the words,
"a duty of twenty cents," and inserting in lieu
thereof, " a duty of twenty-five cents until the 1st
of January, 1863, and thereafter thirty-five ccnts."
I am going to try to accommodate the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who wants this to
come up gradually. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
reduce his amendment to writing.
The amendment was reduced to writing and
read, as follows:
On pa 50 44, section forty-two. line six, strike out the
wonh "a duly of twenty cents-," and insert "a duty of
twenty-fivo cents until Januaiy I, 1863, and thereafter a
duty of thirty-five cents pet <ralion."
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I will simply say that this
is one of a seues of propositions by the Senator
from Rhode Island, the adoption of which neces-
sarily' involve the abandonment of the bill as it
stands, and the substituting a new one. If the
Senate is prepared to so decide, of course they
will do so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Maine why it affects the principle of this bill. I
do not understand the reason why it is so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated that it was one
of a series of propositions, the adoption of which
must make an entirely new bill. The Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to strike out all in refer-
ence to manufactures; and this is a part of the
amendment proposed by the Senator, and on which
he grounded his argument yesterday. My objec-
tion would be to it principally that, in the iirst
place, I think we have gone high enough m this
respect already, and as high as it is possible for
us to expect that the House of Representatives
will go. We have already advanced on their rate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will not enlarge upon what
I said yesterday; but if the Senator from Maine
wants to keep a very low duty on liquors for the
purpose of taxing the manufactures of the coun-
try and the mechanical business of the country,
it is hardly what I should expect from him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That style of argument
is unworthy the Senator from Rhode Island. He
knows betUn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is out of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not mean any offense to
the Senator, but he says that this is a part of my
proposition. I went over yesterday, as well as I
could, what could probably beexpected from this
tax 011 liquor, as a reason why we could afford to
give up the tax on the industry of the country. I
have another proposition to make, to be sure, but
this happens to be in a section that I did not pro-
pose to strike out, and therefore I offered this
amendment now. The bill has many provisions
that are very salutary. This amendment does not
abandon the principle of this bill at all; it does not
prevent the Senate from picking up just as many
other items of taxation as they please. There aie
a great many in the bill that, if I thought we needed
the money, I would resort to,as I said yesterday.
I do not want to argue th  matter over again. I
think it is pretty well understood in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is perfectly well under-
stood, because the Senator from Rhode Island is
the only gentleman who has made an argument
