T8® G0N6Jas Sit GLOBE.
July, 17,
by George W..Cummins and others, citizens of
Delaware, and by them expended for the enroll-
ing, subsisting, clothing, and equipping company-
H of the first regiment of Delaware volunteers',
employed in the service as aforesaid; butthe Sec-
retary is to pay only so much of the expenditures
aforesaid as, upon examination, he shall be satis-
fied were properly made.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported the
bill, with an, amendment to adtl as an additional
proviso:
Provhlcrlfurthcr, That no greater allowance shall be made
for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, and equipping said com-
pany than would liave been under the then existing laws of
the United States.
Mr. RICE. I have ascertained, upon inquiry,
that the committee are satisfied that the amend-
ment is unnecessary. It is provided for in the
body of the. bill. 1 hope, therefore, theamendment
will be voted down, and the bill passed as it is.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to tile Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the joint resolution (S. No.
58) to regulate the compensation of agents for
paying pensions; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
CENSUS INDEX.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to call up House
joint resolution No. 6:2, requiring an index of the
names of heads of families embraced in the census,
it has passed the House, and will not take a min-
ute.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will be
agreed to. That resolution ought to be passed at
once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate* as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) requiring
an index'of the names of adult males, or heads of
families, embraced iri the census. It requires the
Superintendent of the Census to record, or have
recorded, in books to be prepared for that pur-
pose, the names of adult males, or heads of fam-
llins, of the free population of the United States
and Territories, designating such as are freehold-
ers in alphabetical order, and in such manner as
to admit of easy reference to their place in the
original census returns.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to be informed by the
chairman of'the Committee on Patents,from whom
this resolution proceeds, what is the estimated ad-
ditional expense to tlio Government, if it should
bo passed ami carried into effect?
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a report on the table
on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say it is recommended
by the Superintendent of the Census, who thinks
it very important, and that, with the clerical force,
which he has now at his command, it can be done
with reasonable economy.
Mr. SIMMONS. It can be done at a very
slight expense.
Mr. RICE. I suppose it is not to cost more than
$1,000,000, or something less, and I move that it.
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIANKS TO THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 345, which was under considera-
tion the other night. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] withdraws his objection
to it. It is a lull for the relief of George B. Simp-
son. It has already passed the House.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Letthispass. It will not take
a minute.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not object to this resolution when
he hears it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary rear! the resolution, as follows:
ResnlvciK That tiie thanks of the Senate be presented to
Hon. Solo'mo~i Foot, P resident pro tempore nt' Uie Semite,
for the dignified and impartial manner in which he has per-
formed his duties while presiding over its deliberations
during the present session.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the.resolution will
be considered now. _ . . *- .,
The Secretary pat the question on the resolution;
and it wets-unanimously adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris,-Chief Clerk,announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the Sen-
ate to appoint a committee to wait on the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him that un-
less he had further communication to make the
two Houses were ready to adjourn; and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Washbdrne, Cox, and Menzies
the committee on the part of the part of the House.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew my motion to take
up the bill (II. R. No. 345) for the relief of George
B. Simpson.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope not. We have but two
or three minutes left.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 327) for the benefit of the heirs and
administrators of John Denham and George
Townley,deceased,reported it back,and asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Territories, to
whom was referred a letter of the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico, transmitting a copy of
the exhibit of proceedings of the Territory, and
one copy of the laws enacted during the last ses-
sion, reported it back, and asked to bediseharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
t0' BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr.NicoLAV,hisSecretary,announced
that he had this day approved and signed the joint
resolution (S. No. 58) to regulate the compensa-
tion of agents for paying pensions.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 renew the motion for an
executive session.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it is too late to go
into executive session now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There would
hardly be time to clear the galleries.
CLOSE 01' THE SESSION.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. The committee of the two
Houses appointed to waiton the President and in-
form him that they had concluded their business
and were ready to adjourn if he had no further
communication to make, have waited upon him,
and he replies that he is not aware that he has any
further communication to make to Congress at the
present session.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived which by concurrent resolution of the two
Houses of Congress terminates their present ses-
sion. Before declaring the final adjournment, it
becomes me to express to you Senators, my full
and grateful appreciation of your recorded ap-
proval of the manner in which I have discharged
the duties of the Chair during the absence of the
Vice President—duties, 1 may be permitted to say,
always delicate and difficult, often laborious, and
not unfrequently involving questions of embar-
lassment and perplexity. For whatever offacility
or success with which I may have been able to
perform the duties of the position which you have
been pleased so often to assign to me, as your
Presiding Officer, it equally becomes me to ac-
knowledge my great obligation to the courtesy,
the forbearance, and the kind indulgence which
have been uniformly extended to the Chair, cov-
ering even its presumed errors of judgment. I
have to acknowledge a like obligation to the prompt
and willing aid which I have always received from
the experienced and excellent officers of the Sen-
ate at the desk before me.
Although we adjourn and separate at a time of
trial and of deep affliction to our beloved country,
a country most loved and most revered when most
tried and afflicted; a country most honored and
most cherished in all loyal hearts when most im-
periled, and when, as now, most wantonly and
most wickedly assailed by fratricidal hands; yet
nifty we not be allowed to indulge the hope and
the confidence that after a few passing,months we
may come back to these seats with renewed vigor
of health and strength, of heart and of hope; re-
joicing in the prospect of a brighter and a better
day for the Republic ? May we not even hope to-
come back to this high Council Chamber of the
nation amid the rejoicings of a mighty, though
now distracted and, warring people, restored once
more to union,to peace,and to harmony? This
is a consummation most devoutly to be wished.
Wherever we may be, let this be our constant aim
and effort; wherever we may be, let this be our
abiding faith and our unceasing prayer.
And now, Senators, wishing you all a safe and
welcome return to you r constituencies, and to your
homes, I have only to perform the last act of a
long and laborious session, in declaring the Senate
of the United States adjourned without day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 17,1862.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Byron Sun-
derland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that it had agreed to an amendment of the
House to the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
98) to repeal and modify certain portions of an
act mentioned therein; also, that it had passed a
bill of the House (No. 548) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to changc the name of
the steamship Coatzacoalcos to America, without
amendment; also, that it had passed joint resolu-
tions and a bill of the following titles; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (No. 58) to regulate the com-
pensation for paying pensions;
Joint resolution (No. 100) suspending the sale
by sealed bids of the lands of the Kansas and Sac
and Fox Indians;
Jointresolution (No. 101) makingfurtherappro-
priations for the currentand contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1863; and
An act (No. 355) for increasing the revenue by
reservation and sale of town sites on public lands.
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
providing that the adjournment of the two Houses
be postponed until the hour of two o'clock this
day; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
ENROLLEfi BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same: ,
An act (S. No. 394) to amend the act calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrection, and repel invasions, approved
February 28,1795, and the acts amendatory there-
of, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 385) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act in addi-
tion to the acts prohibiting the slave trade;' "
An act (H. R. No. 548) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
steamship Coatzacoalcos to America;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) to amend
section seventy-seven of an act to provide internal
revenue for the support of the Government, and
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) explana-
tory of" An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes;"
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) further to
providefor the compensation of members of Con-
gress;
A joint resolution (S. No. 97) in relation to the
law of prize;
A joint resolution (S. No. 99) releasing to the
heirs-at-law of Robert L. Stevens, deceased, all
the right, title, and interest of the United States
in ana to Stevens's battery; and
