1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Anthony L. Knapp.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Knafp is detained
at home on account of" sickness. move he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
William E. Lansing. No excuse offered.
Cornelius L. L. Leary. No excuse offered.
JoHif A. Logan.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague,
Mr. Logan, is in the Army. I move he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James B. McKean.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. McKean is in the
military service, and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Edward McPherson.
Mr.MOORHEAD. Mr. McPherson has gone
home ori important business. I move he be ex-
cused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Gilman Marston.
Mr. KOLL1NS, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Marston is in the Army. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry May. No excuse offered.
Horace Maynard.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. MaynardIs absent on
duty for the country. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John W. Noell. No excuse offered.
Moses F. Odell.
Mr.HAIGHT. Mr. Odell is absent in attend-
ance upon the committee on the conduct of the
war. 1 move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Patton.
Mr. McKNIGHT. My colleague, Mr. Pat-
ton, is called home by business, which he said re-
quired his immediate attention; also to see a child
that has been sick, and to see his wife; and for
this triple reason, I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Ancona
was paired off with Mr. Patton, and as he has
been excused, I move that Mr. Ancona be ex-
cused.
The motion was not agreed to.
John S. Phelps.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Phelps is with
his regiment in southern Missouri or northern
Arkansas, and 1 move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Frederick A. Pike. No excuse offered.
John H. Rice. No excuse offered.
William A. Richardson.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Richardson is con-
fined to his room by indisposition. I move he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James S. Rollins. No excuse offered.
John P. C. Shanks. No excuse offered.
A. Scott Si.oan.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Sloan was called away
by sickness. I move he be excused.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. He may have
been called away by sickness, hut he is now kept
out of the Hall because the doors are closed.
[Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Benjamin P. Thomas.
Mr. ALLEY. Judge Thomas was called home
suddenly, by telegraph, on unavoidable business.
I move, therefore, that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Charles R. Train. No excuse offered.
William Vandever.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Vandever is in the mil-
itary service of the country. I move that he be
excused. •
The motion was agreed to.
Charles H. Van Wyck.
Mr. KAKER. Mr. Van WyckIs absent with
his regiment. 1 move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
William Wall.
Mr. smith. Mr. Wall is detained at home
by sickness. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Charles W. Walton.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Walton is absent
from indisposition. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
E. P. Walton. No excuse offered.
Kellian V. Whaley.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I move that my
colleague be excused. He was in his seat a few
moments ago, and was called on by a constituent
to go with him to the Departments on business,
and he left the House for that purpose.
The motion to excuse Mr. Whaley was dis-
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. That completes the call of
the absentees.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Stevens to close debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the pending
section of the tax bill in one minute after the com-
mittee should resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of lesuming the consideration of
the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,)and resumed,asaspecialorder,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 312) to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to oc-
cupy the one minute allowed for debate, by say-
ing, in answer to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that if the motion be that
this tax is to be paid by the public, and not by
the companies, there can be no reason in the world
why they should not pay the same tax for riding
in horse railroads as in steam railroads; theiefore,
the tax does go upon the idea that the road is to
pay it, and if the road pays it, I submit to the
committee that we ought not to tax steam rail-
roads ten or fifteen per cent., and horse railroads
one and n half per cent, on their gross earnings.
If the public are to pay the tax, let them pay alike
on all the roads.
Mr. Cutler's amendment to exempt non-div-
idend-pay mg railroads was rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. Edwards's
amendment; and the amendment was rejected—
ayes 28, noes 65.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to strike out all
after the word " next" in line two, down to and
including the word " railroads" in line seven, as
follows:
Ai^y person or person?, firms, companies, or coiporations
owning, possessing, ot having the can; 01 management of
any railroad 01 railroads using steam power thereon, shall
be subject to and pay a duty of two mills per mile tor each
and every passenger earned on said lailroad or lailioads.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
There shall be imposed and collected upon eacli passen-
ger two nullj- pei unit! for each mile earned on a railioad
where steam is used asaptopelhnir power, and the mud tax
shall be collected and paid tothe United rflates, under such
rules and regulations as shall be prescnbed by the Com
missionerot Internal Revenue.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " two" and inserting " one."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Wickliffe's amendment was rejected.
Mr. DELANO. I move to insui t after the word
" aforesaid," m line twenty-five, the following:
And all poisons, firms,companies,or coiporations which
are proprietors of bridges, and, as such, authoiizod to take
toll tor the transit of pa! senger«<, beast*, carnages, teams,
and freight of any description over sueii bridge*, shall be
subject to and pay a like duty of one and a half per cent,
on the gioss iceeipts derived fiom the toll so imposed.
And after the word " vessels," in line thirty-
seven, the woids, " or bridges as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. In order to perfect the sec-
tion as thus amended, I move to insert after the
word ,c railroads," in line forty-one, the wo id
" bridges;" and after the word " thereupon," in
line forty-six, to insert, "and the proprietors of
bridges as aforesaid shall make a like return of
the monthly gross receipts and earnings from
toll as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 move to insert after the
word " thereon," in line five, the following:
The length ot whose railroad, from it? commencement to
its termination, shall exceed twenty miles.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to insert in line twenty-
eight, after the word "steam," the following:
" or of any railroad, the length of which shall
not exceed thirty miles from its commencement
to its termination, although its motive power be
steam;" so that the clause will read:
And any person or person^, firm*, companies, or corpo-
rations, owning, possessing, or having the care 01 manage
mcnt of any railroad or raihoads, the motive power of
which not being steam, or of anv railroad, the length of
which shall not exceed thnty miles fiom its commence-
ment to it* lei ininatiou, although its motive power be steam,
ferry boat5? or vessels used as ferry boats, propelled by
steam or bv horse power, and omnibuses or carriages whose
business it is to i un hourly or at any other stated intervals
of the day fiom one p;irt or place of a town or city to some
other point or place 111 the town or city or out of it, and re-
turn, shall be subject to and pay a duty of one and a half
pei cent, on the gross amount of receipts derived from car-
rying passengers m any manner as aforesaid.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
woids " gross amount of receipts," in the thirty-
third and thirty-fourth lines, and to insert in lieu
thereof, the words " net profits;" so that it will
read:
Shall be subject to and pay a duty of one and a half per
ccnt. on the net profits derived from carrying passengers
in any manner as aforesaid.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move to strike out " two
mills," and insert " four mills;" so that the tax
will be four mills per mile.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
last proviso to the section, which is as follows:
Provided fuither, Thar all railioad companies are hereby
authorized to add the duty or tax imposed by this act to the
rates of faie, any limitation which may exist in the charter
ot said companies or laws ot any State to the contraiy not-
withstanding.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Pendleton and Sedgwick were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional proviso to the section:
Provided fin ther, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to any lailroad lines, steamboats, or ferry boats
which do not pay dividends or net piofits to the owners
thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment has already been
voted on.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir; the former
amendment applied only to railroads; this applies
to steamboats as well.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, the fact being, as stated by the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio, that the first amendment re-
lated to railroads only, and this includes steam-
boats.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the seventy-
ninth section, relating to railroad bonds, by in-
serting after the word " paid," in the ninth line,
the following:
And all dividends in scrip, or money, or sums of money
thereafter declared due or payable to the stockholders of
any lailroad company a& parts of the earnings, profits, or
gams of said company.
So that the section will read:
See. 79. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That on and after the
lht day of May next any person or persons owning or pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of any lailroad
company ot railioad corpoiation, being indebted for any
sum or suni-s of money lor which bonds or other evi-
dences of indebtedness have been issued, payable in one or
more years altei date, upon winch inteiest i«, or shall be,
stipulated to be paid, or coupons representing the interest
shall be or shall have been issued to be paid, and all divi-
dends in scrip, or money, or sums of money thereafter de-
clared due or payable to the stockholders of any railroad
company as parts of the earnings, profits, or gains of said
company, shall he subject to and pay a duty of three per
ccnt. on tiie amount of all such interest or coupons.
The amendment was agreed to-
