1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insert after the word
(< coupons," in the eleventh line, the words " or
dividends whenever the same shall be paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " coupons," in the seventeenth
line, the words "or dividends;" so that it will
read:
And said railiond companies or railroad corporations, or
any person or persons owning, possessing, or having the
eaie or management of any railroad company or railroad
corporation, are hereby authorized and required to deduct
and withhold from all payments made to any person, per-
sons or party, after the 1st day of May, as aforesaid, on
account of any interest, or coupons, or dividends, due and
payable as afoiesaid, the said duty or sum of three per cent.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " thereof," in the twenty-third
line, the words " on dividends and;" so that it
will read:
And tile duties deducted as aforesaid, anil certified by
the president or other pmper officer of said company or eoi-
poiation, shall be a receipt and dischaige, according to the
amount theieof, of said railroad companies or railioad cor-
porations, and the owners, possessois, and agents thereof,
on dividends and on bonds or other evidences of their in-
debtedness, upon which interest or coupons are payable,
liolden by any peison or party whatsoever.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by adding
at the beginning of the twenty-eighth line the
words " or dividends;" so that it will read:
And a list or retain shall be made and rendered within
thiity days after the time fixed when said inteiest or cou-
pons or dividends become due or payable, and as often as
every six mouths, to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. 1 move to amend by add-
ing the following proviso:
Provided, This section shall not apply to railroad bonds
whei e the laihoad company is insolvent and unable by its
receipts to pay, and do not pay the interest upon their
bonds.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the amendment
which I propose is a proper one, and should he
adopted, i do not think it fair that part of a man's
income shall be taxed in the hands of railroad
companies, and then the whole of it taxed again
in his own hands. I mention that as an objection
to this proposed tax itself. But what I want to
do by my amendment is, to guard (lie managers
and directors of railroads in respect to tills tax. I
suppose it cannot be the intention of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means or of the Committee of
the Whole to have collected from a railroad com-
pany a tax on the interest of its bonds when the
company is unable to pay such interest. I am
acquainted with some railioads that aie wholly
unable to pay their de.bts from their income; and
therefore I propose this proviso, that the section
shall not apply to railroads that are insolvent, and
do not make profits enough to pay their dividends.
1 know some railroads that do not pay a cent of
interest on their bonds, and do not pay their ex-
penses.
Mr. HOOPER. Will the gentleman allow me
to direct his attention to the fact that the amend-
ment olTered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Horton] to the eleventh line provides for the case
which he puts, by adding the words, " whenever
the same shall be paid." Therefore the corpora-
tion that does not earn enough to pay dividends
or interest on its bonds, will not have to pay this
tax.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is, perhaps, one
mode of attaining the object which I have m view;
but I would rather put the exception on the prin-
ciple of insolvency. A company may be able to
pay and not be willing to pay. Now, 1 take it
for granted that the roads of Missouri, from the
injury done to them, will not be able to pay the
inteiest on their bonds for the next five years. I
think I know two other railroads that are in the
name condition. I know that the Nashville and
Louisville road—one of the principal roads in
Kentucky—cannot pay dividends foi the next ten
years, owing to the injuries which it received.
'There was a little road feeding it which 1 know
cannot pay interest on its bonds. 1 therefore think
that we had better exempt these roads till they
are able to pay.
Mr. MOPilllLL, of Vermont. I think the
amendment of the gentleman goes further than he
himself designs. By the ' amendment already
adopted there is no tax to be paid oil dividends,
interest, or coupons, until they are paid. Now,
if we were to restrict this tax to roads that are
solvent, we must exempt a very large amount of
capital existing in the country in the sh.ape of rail-
road bonds. For instance, a great number of rail-
roads have had their mortgages foreclosed, and
the mortgagees are running the roads on their own
account. They are able to collect dividends and
interest on their bonds, while the original stock-
holders themselves are not receiving a dollar. I
hope the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky will not prevail.
Mr. Wicki.iffe's amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not think that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Horton] to the eleventh line is explicit. I
may be mistaken, and ask that it be read again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. EDWARDS. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
it is perfectly apparent, from an examination of
the section, that that amendment does not meet
the objection. I had prepared an amendment to
meet it. The section provides that the companies
shall pay three per cent, on the coupons, whether
they have earned the amount or not.
Mr. HOOPER. They are only taxed when the
coupons are paid.
Mr. EDWARDS. The language of the bill is
to be construed elsewhere and hereafter. Our con-
struction may be correct, or it may not be. I do
not pretend that mine usually are. In order to
make it certain, I propose to amend by exempt-
ing railroads, if sufficient net profits shall not be
earned for such payment. As the bill stands, the
railroad companies must pay the three per cent,
on the coupons, whether it has any money in its
treasury or not. The language of the amend-
ment relates to the dividends when they are paid.
Without the amendment which I offer, there is
an obligation on railroads to pay three per cent,
on their coupons and interest, even though they
do not earn enough to pay their running expenses.
I hope my amendment will be adopted. If not,
I shall have the benefit of having proposed it to
the committee.
Mr. Edwards's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. This duty is a spe-
cies of income tax; but it differs a little from the
general provisions in regard to the income tax,
which is, in a subsequent section, assessed only
against citizens of the United States. It is evi-
dently the intention, by this section, to tax the
interest on bonds and the dividends on stock,
whether held by citizens or foreigners.
Now, there is one class of railroad bonds to
which I doubt whether the provisions of this act
extend. I refer to sterling bonds, payable abroad.
If applied to them, I question whether the fact
would not be the cause of reproducing a little of
the repudiation scenes of former years. That,
however, it is for the Committee of Ways and
Means to determine. But there is another class of
bonds that will escape taxation altogether under
the present provisions of the bill. In the western,
and in many of the southern and central States, a
large amount Of railroad ciedit tests on bonds is-
sued by States and loaned to these railroad com-
panies. I desire to make this tax apply to the
coupons paid on those bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When the cou-
pons are paid by the railroad companies, the tax
will be paid on them.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I believe that in
most instances the railroad companies do not un-
dertake to pay the interest on these State bonds.
Now, this is not a tax on railroad companies—not
at all. Hence, I voted against the amendment
offered by the gentleman iiom New Hampshire
[Mr. Edwards] proposing to limit the tax to sol-
vent companies. It is intended as a tax on the
holders of railroad bonds and on stockholders on
dividend-paying roads. If that be not so, 1 have
misinterpreted its phraseology.
I have prepared an amendment to the section.
There is much in the law which will have to be
left to the discretion of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. With all due deference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, I consider that
the bill is impci feet, and that, perfect and elabo-
rate as it might be, much must necessarily be left
to interpretation, and to rules which the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue must himself devise.
I do not know that my amendment would be prac-
ticable; but I desire some such proviso as this:
that the section shall be extended and applied to
the bonds of any State loaned or advanced to rail-
road companies. Unless I hear from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means or some member that the
execution of such a provision would be imprac-
ticable—the disbursing agents being State officers,
on whom we could not operate—I shall take the
sense of the committee on this proposition.
Mr. HOOPER. It seems to me, so far as my
own knowledge in reference to this subject goes,
that this amendment is unnecessary to accomplish
the purpose for which the gentleman offers it. It
seems to me that the clause in the fourth, fifth,
and sixth lines, of the section covers the object:
" Any railroad company or railroad corporation, being in-
debted for any sum or sums of money for which bonds or
other evidences of indebtedness have been issued, payable
in one or more years after date, upon which interest is, or
shall he, stipulated,'' &c.
Now, in the few cases with which I am ac-
quainted of the kind to which the gentleman al-
ludes, where the credit of the State has been loaned
to tile railroad company, the State holds the bonds
or some obligation of the railroad company, to
guaranty to the State the payment of the interest
on the bonds for which the State has loaned its
credit.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I think that is not
the general rule in the western or southern States.
It may be, and I think likely it is true in New
England, where a State has loaned its credit to a
railroad company, the railroad is to pay the inter-
est to the bondholder, but in my own State, and
I think in most of the other western States, the
State pays the interest directly to the bondholders.
Mr. HOOPER. The railroad company issues
its bond of indebtedness, and whether it is indorsed
by the State or not, there wi!£"be no difficulty
when the interest is to be puuf in withholding
thiee per cent, upon it. 1 see no difficulty in the
matter.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. My object was to
call the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means to this point. I am not at all certain that
my amendment can be executed, and I will there-
fore withdraw it.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the heading
prefixed to section eighty by striking out the
word "and" where it occurs after the word
" banks," and inserting the words " trust com-
panies," and after the word " institutions "insert
" and insurance companies;" so that it will read:
" banks, trust companies, savings institutions,
and insurance companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I now move to amend section
eighty by inserting in the third line, after the
word "banks," the words " trust companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the fourth
line of the same section by inserting, after the word
" life," the word " inland."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTOJN. I move to amend the same sec-
tion in the eighth line by striking out the words
" or sums of moneyand inserting in place thereof
the woids "in sciip or money thereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the same sec-
tion in the ninth line by inserting, after the word
" stockholders," the words " or policy holders,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the section
further by inserting in the tenth line, after the word
" banks," the words " trust companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move still further to amend
the eightieth section by inserting in the eleventh
line, after the word " companies," the words " and
on all sums added to their surplus or contingent
fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend in the same
line by adding, after the words " per cent.," as
follows:
Proi-'K/ed, That the duties upon dividends of life insur-
ance companies --hall no! be deemed due or be collected
until such dividend^ sliaii be pin able in such companies;
and all said banks, trust companies, savings institutions,
ami lnsiuauce conipaiae- aie htieby authoiizcd arid re
quned to deduct and withhold fioni all payments made to
any person, persons, or party, on account ot any dividends
or sums of money that may lie due and payable as aloiesaid,
