THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
January 23.
pp.wevful'agalnst our own arms and our own sol-
diers K You may with -the same propriety demand
that our armies shall go to the field without avail-
ing themselves of the usual weapons of warfare,
by the use of "which alone they expect to suc-
ceed. As to the- slave labor of the rebel States, or
of the South, being the great means of support
and continuance of the rebellion, there can be no
question, and rebeldom so considers it. The slaves
of the South are properly considered as a military
element, and one of paramount strength. One
leading organ says: "
".Let the slaves work; we will fight. We will fight and
they will produce. We will consume, we will protect, and
thuy at home will give us the means of cairying 011 this
war." „
Another speaks as follows:
" The total white population of the eleven State* p.oiv com-
prising the confederacy, is six millions, and therefore, to fill
up the ranks of ihe proposed army, (six hundred thousand)
about tyn per cent, of the entire white population will be re-
quired. in any other country than our own such a draft could
not he met, but the southern States can furnish that number
of men and still not leave the material interests of the coun-
try in a suffering condition. Those who tire incapacitated
for bearing arms can oversee the plantations, and the ne-
groes can go on undisturbed in their usual labois. In the
North the case is different 5 the men who join the army of
subjugation are the laborers, the produceis.and the factory
operatives Nearly every man from that section, especially
those.from the rum! distucts, leaves some branch of indus-
try trt suffer dining his alteenec. The institution of slavery
in the South alone enables-her to place in the field' a force
much larger %n proportion to her white population than the
North, or indeed any country which in dependent cntucly
on fiee labor. The institution is a towei of strength to the
South, particularly at the present crisis, and our enemies
will be likely to find that the 4 moral cmicer,' about which
their orators are so tondof piating, ts really one of the most
■effective weapons employed against tke Union Ini the South
Whatever uuinbct of men may he needed for tins war, we
are eonliderit our people stand ready to furnish. Wc aic
alt enlisted fbr the war, and there must be no holding hack
until the independence of the South isiully acknowledged."
—Montgomery (Alabama) Advertiser.
This labor at which we propose to strike is
openly confessed by the lebels to be the main-
spring of their strength, " and with a triumphant
vaunt they declare slavery to be the especial source
of their belligerent power." No course is clearer
than the one we should pursue. This law should
be passed', our military leaders, of whatever grade
or position, as our columns move should proclaim
the purpose of the Government, and say to every
slave held by rebels and those m sympathy witn
rebellion, after the passage of such a law, that
under the stais and stripes they should be free—
forever free—and protected in their rights to liberty
by the whole power of the nation. Released from
the tyranny and treason of their masters, they
should bo employed as best to conserve the great
interests of constitutional government and human
liberty, of which 1 will speak hereafter. I ask my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] what loss
the loyai slaveholder meets with in such a result?
Does he riot see tho power of the rebellion weak-
ened by cutting off its supply, whilo he finds him-
self surrounded on every hand by sine ^uaiantees
of safety as to nil his rights, and the faith of the na-
tion for Ins protection? The best autliouties we
can consult concur in the propriety and duty of
such a proceeding. Vattcl says:
" Since the object of the war h to repiess iiijuslicc and
violence, and forcibly to compel Inin who is deaf to the
voice of justice, wu have a light to put in practice against
the enemy every merwuiu that m nocs-Mry in outer to
weaken him, and di>ablc him from refuting us and support-
in? his injustice; and we may choose such method's as are
the most cfhcacious and be^t calculated to attain the end in
view, provided they he not of an odious kind, noi unjustifi-
able in themselves, and prohibited by the law of nature."
And, again, the same wiiter says:
" We have a right to depiive our enemy of his posses-
sions, of everything which may augment his sticngth, and
enable him to make war. Tins eve«) one endeavots to ac-
complish in a manner nmn suitable to him. Whenever we
have an oppoituauy, we seize on the enemy's property, and
convert tt to our own use; and thus, besides diminishing
the enemy's power, we augment our own, and obtain at
least a pmtia! indemnification or equivalent, either for what
constitutfs the subject of the war, or for the expenses and
losses incurred in its piuseoution. In a word, we do oui-
selves justice."
Again: I cannot do better here than to give the
able and eminently patriotic poition of Secretary
Cameion's recent report as first written, which
part was finally expurgated, out of questions of
policy, as it is supposed. He says:
Wai. oven between independent nation5?, is made to
subdue the enemy, and all that belongs to that enemy, by
occupying the hostile connttv, and exercising dominion
over all the men and things within Its territory." This being
true in respect to independent nations at war with each
other, it follows that rebel?, who ate laboiing by force of
arms to overthrow a Government, justly bring upon them-
selves all the consequences of war, and provoke tne de-
struction merited by the worst of crimes. ThatGovernment
would be false to national trust, and would justly excite the
ridicule of the civilized world, that would abstain from the
use of any efficient means to preserve its own existence, or
to overcome a rebellious and traitorous enemy, by sparing
or protecting the property of those who are waging war
against it.
" The principal wealth and power of the rebel States is
a peculiar species of pioporty, consisting of the service or
labor of African slaves, or the descendants of Africans.
This property has been variously estimated at the value of
from seven hundred millions to one thousand millions of
dollars.
" Why should this property be exempt from the hazards
and consequences of a rebellious wai r
" It was the boast of the leader of the rebellion, while he
yet had a seat in the Senate of the United States, that the
southern States would be compaiatively safe and tree from
the buidens of wai, if it should be brought on bv the con-
templated rebellion, and that boast was accompanied by
the savage threat,that 'northern towns and cities would
become tiie victims of rapine and military spoil,' and that
'northern men would smell southern gunpowdei and feci
southern steel.' No one doubts the disposition of the
rebels to cany that threat into execution. The wealth of
northern towns and cities, the produce of not them farms,
northern woiks-hops and manufaetoiies would ceitainly be
seized, destioyed, or appropriated as military spoil. No
piopeiry in the North would be spaied fiom the hands of
tho rebels, and their rapine would be defended under the
laws of war. While the loyal States thus have all their
pioperty and possessions at stake, are the insurgent icbels
to cauy on warfaic agains-t the Government in. peace and
security to their own piopcity?
"Reason and justice and self-pre«eivation forbid that
such should be the policy of this Government, but demand,
on tho contrary, that, being foiced by uaitors and rebels to
the extremity of war, all the lights and powers of war
should be exercised to bring it to a speedy end.
44 Those who war against'the Government justly forfeit
all rights of pioporty, privilege, or secutity, derived from
the Constitution and laws, against which they are in armed
icbelhon; and as the labor and service of their slaves con-
stitute the chief property of the n:bels,snch property should
share the common fate of war to which they have, devoted
the property of loyal citizens.
•' It is vain and idle for the Government to cariy on this
war, or hope to maintain its existence against rebellious
force, without employing all the rights and powers of war.
As has been said, the right to deprive the rebels of their
property in >laves and slave labor is a-s clear and absolute
as the light to take forage fiom the field, or cotton from the
waiehouse, or powder and arms fiom the. magazine. To
leave the enemy m the possession of such property as for-
ayo and cotton and military moics, and the means of con-
stantly reproducing them, would be madne-s. It is, there-
fore, equal madness to leave them in peaceful and secure
posbChMon of slave properly , more valuable and efficient to
them for wat than forage, cotton, and military stoics Such
policy would be national suicide. What to do with that
species of property is a question that time and circumstances
will solve, and need not be anticipated further than to ic-
peatthat they cannot he held by the Government as slaves.
It would be useless to keep them as pusoneis of war; ami
self-preservation, the highest duty of a Government, 01 of
individuals, demands n at they should be disposed of or
employed 111 the most effective manner that will tend most
speedily to suppress the insurrection and icstore the author-
ity of the Government. If it shall be found that the men
who have been held by the rebels as slaves are capable, of
bearing arms and performing ellicient military service, it is
the light, ami may become the duty of this Government to
ai m and equip them, and employ their services against the
rebels, under piopei military Regulation, discipline, and
command.
" Iiut 111 whatever manner they may be used by the Gov-
ernmeni, it is plain that, once libeiated by the rebellious
act o( their ma^teis, they should never again be icstored to
bond aire. 15y the ma^tei's treason and rebellion he tori cits
all light to the labm and seiviee of hit. slave ; and the slave
ot the icbellious mastei, by his seiviee to the Government,
becomes pi-tly entitled to freedom and ptotection.
"The disposition to be inadeoi the slaves of lebels, after
the close of tho war, can be safely left to the wisdom and
patriotism of Congress. The repu-scntatives ot tho people
will unquestionably seeme to the loyal slaveholder every
right to which they are entitled undei the Constitution of
the eounhy."
Bold policy towards those wicked menis wliat is
needed, while at the same time wc should make
them teel that wo are desperately in earnest, and
that we shall claim from them the forfeiture of
not only all their property, but their slaves, and
their lives, unless in our mercy we spare them.
As to the constitutionality of this measure there
can be no question. The power given in the Con-
stitution to Congress to provide for the public de-
fense, to declare war and support armies, to make
rules and laws for the lobulation of land and naval
forces raised for such defense, and then in addition
to all, " to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers," is ample and sufficient, and was
designed to give power t& Congress to meet all
possible contingencies.
Tile Constitution is a grant of power to Congress
by the highest sovereignty in our land, the sov-
ereignty of the people themselves, upon which to
base legislation tomeetpublicnecessity.to provide
for the general defense, and promote the public
welfare; a declaration of fundamental principles,
rather than all the details of a special enactment.
The power granted in the Constitution already
recited carries with it a corresponding duty to
perform the acts necessary to vitalize that power
in the work of public defense and saving the na-
tion's life. In fact, this power is without limita-
tion. To the end of its purpose, it may, by tax-
ation and other means, use the whole resources
of the country and command the sacrifice of the
last life to save the nation's life. Hamilton, who
was one of the master spirits of the convention
that framed the Constitution, and whose interpre-
tation of its powers and the duties under it have
always been considered as conclusive, says:
"The authorities essential to the care of the common
defense aic these : to raise armies 5 to build arid equip fleets ;
to prescribe lules for J he government of both; to direct their •
operations; to provide lor their support. These powers
ought to exist without limitation; because it is impos-
sible to foresee or to define the extent and variety of na-
tional exigencies, and the coiie^pondent extent and variety
of the means necessaiy to satisfy them. The encuin&tances
which endanger the safety of nations are infinite ; and for
this reason no constitutional shackles can wisely be im-
posed on the power to which the care of it is committed."
* * * "This power ought to be under the
diieeti'-m of tho same councils which are appointed to pre-
side over the common defense* * * * " It
must be admitted, as a necessary consequence, that there
can be no limitation of that authoiity which is to provide
for the defense and protection of the community in any
matter essential to its efficacy, that is, in any matter essen-
tial to the formation, direction, or support of the national
forces."
This statement, adds Hamilton-—
"Rests upon two axioms, simple as they aie universal;
the. means ought to be proportioned to the end; the persons
fiom whose agency the attainment of the end is expected
ought to possess the means by which it is to be attained."—
Federalist, No. 23, pp. 95, 96.
Madison says:
(( It is in vain to oppose constitutional barriers to the im-
pulse of self-preservation.55—Federalist, No. 41, p. 174.
Marshall also says:
u The Government, which has a right to do an act, and
has imposed on it the duty of performing that act, must,
according to the dictates of reason, be allowed to select the
means."—McCullough vs. Maryland, 4 Wheaton, p. 409.
The idea that Congress in our present emerg-
ency has no power to enact a law for the confis-
cation of the property and the liberation of the
slaves of rebels, but if the power rests anywhere
it is with the military alone, is preposterous. I
believe that our armies as they move may confis-
cate the property of the rebels and free their slaves
under the laws and rights of war, and it is their
duty to do so; but I hold, nevertheless, that the
powei to make such a law is with Congress, and
such confiscation and liberation,under our form of
Government, should be in execution of law. The
civil ts higher than the military power, and the
Constitution is abundant in its authority to crush,
through Congress, this rebellion. The powers
vested in Congress are of two classes, one for a time
of peace and one for a time of war, both equally
! clearand bmdinguponit. lndefimngthesepowers,
John Gtiuncy Adams said:
"There ate two classes of powers vested by the Consti-
tution of tho United States in their Congress and executive
Government; the powers to b<' exercised 111 time ot peace
and tho powers incident to war. That the powers of peace
arc limited by the provisions within the body of the Con-
stitution itself, but the powei« of war are limited and regu-
lated onl} by tho law* and usages of nations, and are sub-
ject to 110 other limitation."
Under our Constitution there are three powers:
legislative, judicial, and executive. The military
is not a power, so to speak, but merely incidental
to the others, and subject to the legislative, which
gives it existence. When called into action by
Congress, in pursuance of law, as now, it is sub-
ject to such rules as it pi escribes for its control.
In the absence of civil or judicial authority, the
military called forth to suppress insurrection and
subdue rebellion may seize and make use of all
the property of rebels, and free theiv slaves, as we
have said, which right is undoubted; butupon the
restoration of peace, it may be contended that the
right of the owners would revive. Under a posi-
tive act of Congress, made its duty by the Con-
stitution, which conveys the power, there would
be uniformity of action in all our armies, and a
forfeiture forever of the property of rebels and
their pretended claims to the service of their fel-
low-men. Hence the necessity of such legisla-
tion, for their acts of treason have deprived them
of every right guarantied to them as loyal citizens
by the Constitution and laws. This forfeiture
should be forever, so that the loyal citizen who
