1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
after the 1st day of May, 1862, the said duty or sum of three
per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to insert In the twenty-
third line of the same section, before the words4 s sa-
vings institution," the words "trust company."'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend, in the twenty-
seventh line of the same section, by inserting, after
the word " bank," the words " trust company."
The section, as amended, would then read:
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May next, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid by all banks, trust companies, and savings institutions,
and hy all fire, marine, life, inland, stoel^ and mutual in-
surance companies, under whatever style or name known
or called, of the United States or Territories, specially in-
corporated or existing under general laws, or which may
be hereafter incorporated or exist as aforesaid, on all divi-
dends in scrip or money thereafter declared due or paid to
stockholders, policy holders, or to depositors, as part of the
earnings, profits, or gains of said banks, trust companies,
savings institutions, or insurance companies, and on all
sums added to their surplus or contingent fund, a duty of
thiee percent.: Provided, That the duties upon dividends
of life in&uiance companies! shall not be deemed due or
be collected until such dividends shall be payable by such
companies, and said banks, hust companies, savings insti-
tutions, and insurance companies aie hereby authouzed
and required to deduct and withhold from all payments
made to any person, peisons, or party, on account of any
dividends or sums of money that may be due and payable
as aforesaid, after the Istday of May, 1862, the said duty or
sum of three pel cent.; and a list oi leturn shall he made
and rendered within thirty days after the time fixed when
such dividends or sums of money shall be declared due and
payable, and as often as eveiy six months, to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which shall contain a true and
faithful account of the amount of duties accrued or which
should accrue from tune to time, as aforesaid, during the
time when such duties remain unaccounted for, and theie
shall be annexed to every such list or letnin a declaration,
under oath or affirmation, to be made in form and mannei
as shall be prescribed bv the Commissionerof Internal Rev-
enue, of the presidftji^ or some other piopei officer of said
bank, tiust company, livings institution, oi itisulance com-
pany, respectively, that the -ame contains a true and laith-
tui account of the duties which have accrued or should
accrue, and not accounted for; and lor any default in the
deliver) of such list oi letum, with such declaration an-
nexed, the bank, trust company, savings institution, or in-
surance company making such default shall forfeit, us a
penalty, the sum of $o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend in line eleven
of the section, to come in immediately after the
proviso just adopted on motion of the Committee
of Ways and Means, as follows:
And provided, That when said duty ha.s been levied or
paid upondividends orgainsof banks,on Mock held by any
savings institution, such payment shall be dcducted'fioni
the duty otherwi.se payable on that part of their earnings,
by such saving* institution.
I will state the object of the amendment. It is
very well known that our savings banks place a
very large portion of their deposits in bank stocks.
By the section as it now stands the duties on the
dividends coming to those savings banks from
such stocks will be paid before they come into
their hands. The earnings of the savings banks
themselves, too,are to be taxed,and thus you will
perceive the savings banks will be compelled to
pay a double tax upon their dividends. It is to
prevent this that 1 offer my amendment.
To illustrate the effect of the section as it stands,
suppose a savings bank has invested $,100,000 of
its deposits in bank stock upon which a dividend
of six per cent, is declared and three percent, de-
ducted in the shape of a tax. The dividend on
$100,000 twould amount to $6,000, and the duty
on that dividend would, under this bill, he £180.
So, then, the dividend, before it has been paid to
the savings bank, would be reduced from §6,000
to $5,820,and before th e savings bank can pay that
sum to its depositors by this bill, it is subject to
another duty or deduction of $174 60. The amount
paid by the savings ban k, then, would be $o,G45 40,
or,in other words, the $0,000 leys two duties. The
object of my amendment is to provide against that
injustice. 1 think that the committee will correct
it. It is an injustice which ought to be guarded
against.
The committee divided on the amendment, and
there were—ayes twenty-one.
Mr. ELIOT demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagieed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to strike out the
words " or paid to stockholdersor to depositors as
part of the earnings." As the bill now stands we '
would only reach that portion of the earnings of
a bank indicated by the dividend declared. °
Mr. HORTON. We have accomplished the
purpose which the gentleman has in view by the
words which we have inserted. We tax the sur-
plus or contingent fund except ten per cent.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Clerk then read , as follows:
Seo. 81. And he it further enacted. That any person or
persons owning or possessing, or having the care or man-
agement of any lailroad company or railroad corpoiauon,
bank, savings institution, or insurance company, as hcieto-
fore mentioned, required under this actto make and render
any list or return to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
shall, upon lendtring the same, pay to the said Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue the amount of the duties due on
such list oi leturn, and in default thereof shall forfeit as a
penalty the sum of $500; and in case of neglect or refusal
to make such list or leturn as al«iesaid,or to pay the duties
as aforesaid, for the space of tliiity days aftei the time when
said list should have been made andiendcied, or when said
duties shall have become due and pavable, the assessment
and collection shall be made aceurdmg to the general pio-
visions heretofoie piescnbed in this act.
Mr. HORTON moved to insert before the word
" savings." in the fourth line, the words " trust
company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON moved to add the following
additional sections:
Sue. 82. And be it farther enacted, That on and after the
1st day of May, 1862, theie shall he paid foi and in lespect
ot every insuumce fiom loss or damage by tire which shall
be made, renewed, oi continued, or which'shall be indutsed
upon any open pohcy by any company or its agents, or hy
any association orindividu.il after this aetshalftake effect,
a duty of ten cents upon each and every .$100 insured for
one year, and at and after that rate tor any fractional pait
of $100, and for each and every j ear, or Pactional patt of
one year, aw well as for any number of\eais lot which the
insurance shall be made, renewed, or continued, oi shall
be indorsed upon any open policy: Provided, however, That
any such lusuiance made, lenewed, or continued, by an>
company or irs agents, for a period of tune not limited, shall,
foi the put pose of this act, be taken, and bo deemed to be an
insurance foi ten years; and loi and in lespect of every in
suraneefiom lossoi damage, whiehshall bemad ., lenewed,
or continued, or which shall be mdoised upon any open
policy by any marine or inland insurance company, or its
agents, or by any as-oeiatton, oi individual, alter'this act
shall take effect, a duty of one dollar upon everv $100 ot
piemimn on such insurance, and at and after that rate, for
any tiactional pan oi $100 of pienmun for any insurance
nwuU, renewed, oi continued, oi indorsed upon any open
policy; and for and m respect ot every ln-iiKuiee upon any
life oi lives w^iich shall be made, renewed, or continued,
or whieh shall be mdoised upon any open policy by any
life insurance com pan), or it-* agents, or by any as-ociation.
or individual, aftei this act shall take eife< t, a duty of ten
cents upon each <uid eveij §100 nisuied loi one year, and
at ami <Utei that i.ite for any U actional pait oi $100, and lor
eaeli and eveiy ye,u, and (motional pait of one jear, tor
which the insuianceshali be made, renewed, oi continued,
or indorsed upon any open policy.
Sue. 813. And be it jurlhci enacted, That a quarterly ac-
count shall be made and rendei ed to the Commissioner of 1 n-
teinal lie venue by all insurance companies, or their agents,
oi associations or mdiwduals making iiisiuance, including
agentsof all fmeign ui^uiancc companies, whieh shall con-
tain a true and faithful account of the nisutanee made, le-
newed, or continued, or indorsed upon any open policy by
said companies, oi their agents, oi associations, oi individ-
uals during the preceding quai tei, netting fni th the amount
insured and the dutiesaceiuing thereon under this act; and
there shall he annexed to and delivered with eveiy such
quarterly account an affidavit, in the form to be prescribed
by the Coinmissionerof Internal Revenue, made by one of
the ofliceis of said company, or association, oi individual,
or by the agent in the case of a foreign company, that the
statements in said account are m all inspects just and tine,
and such quaiteily accounts bhall be rendered to tlieCom-
hhssiouci of Internal Itexenue within thirty days after the
expiration of the quaitei foi u Inch they shall be made up,
and upon tendering such account with «uch aflidavit, as
aforesaid, theieto annexed, the amount of the duties due by
such qu.uO'ily account shall he paid to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ; and for eveiy default ;n the delneiy
of such quaiterly account with such aflidavit annexed
thereto, or in the pajinent of the amount of the dutiesduc
by such quaiterly account, the company, oi agent, oi asso-
ciation, or individual making such default shall forfeitand
pay, in addition to such duty, the sum ot j$3,OUO.
The sections were severally agreed to.
Mr, WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to go back to the
eighty-first section to make an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to strikeout
the words5' Commissioner of Internal Revenue,"
and, in lieu thereof, to insert the words, "col-
lector of the proper district;" so that the lists
and returns shall be made to the latter officer, to
whom they ousrht properly to be made.
Air. STEVENS. 1 do not believe that there is
the least necessity lor that amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of 1 ndiana. I modify my amend-
ment so as to iii^eit the words'• collector of the
proper district or," before the words " Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 82. And be it farther enacted, That, on and aftei the
1st day of May next, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid, by any person or peisons, firm, or company, publish-
ing any newspaper, magazine, review, or other hteiary,
scientific, or news publication, issued periodically, on the
gross ieceipts leeeived or charged for all advertisements,
or all matters for the insertion of which m said newspaper
or othei publication, as aforesaid, or in extras, supplements,
sheets, or fly-leaves accompanying the same, pay is required
oi received, a duty of five per cent.; and the person orpei-
sons, fiim or company, owning, possessing, or having the
care or management ot any and eveiv such newspaper or
othei publication, as afoiesaid, shall make a list or return,
commencing as heretofore mentioned, within thirty days
after the end of each and eveiy month, containing the gross
auiountof receipts or charges, as aforesaid, and the amount
of duties which have accrued or should acentc thereon, and
rendei the same to the assistant assessoi of the respective
districts whole such newspaper, magazine, review, or other
literaiy or news publication is oi may he published, which
list o  letuin shall have annexed a d.'claiauon, under oath
or alfii mation, to be made according to the manner and totm
which may be fiom time to tune presenbed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, of the ow ner, possessor, or
peison having the care or management of such newspaper,
magazine, icview, or other publication, as aforesaid, that
the same is true and correct; and shall also, monthly, and
at the tunc of making said list or return, pay to the collector
or deputy collector of the district, as aforesaid, the full
amount of said duties; and in case of neglect or refusal to
comply with any of the provisions contained in thissection,
or to make and render said list or leturu, as aforesaid, for
the space of thnty dajs at'cei the tune when said list or ic-
tum oueht to have been made, as aforesaid, the assistant
assessoi of the lespecttve districts shall pioeeed to esti-
mate the duties, as heretofoie provided in other eases of
delinquency ; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the
duties, as aforesaid, for the space ot thirty days after"said
duties become due and pajable, said owner, possessor, or
person or persons having the caie or management of said
newspapers or publications, as afoiesaid, shall pay, in ad-
dition thereto, a penalty of five pel cent, on the amount
due; and in case of fraud or evasion, wheieby the icvenue
is attempted to be defiauded or the duty withheld, said
owneisj possessors, or poison or persons having the care or
management of said newsp.ipeis oi other publication*, as
afoiesaid, shall foifeit and pay a penalty ot $500 foi each
olfettse or foi any sum imudtilentiy unaccounted for; and
all piovisions in tins act In relation to hens, assessments,and
collections,not incompatible! heievvith, shall apply to this
section and the objects herein embiaced : Prodded, That in
all cases xvheie the iate or price of advertising is fixed by
anvlawol the United States, Htate, oi Teiutoi \, it shall be
lawful for the company, person, ot persons publishing said
advertisements to add the duty oi tax imposed by this act
to the puce of said adveitisements, any Jaw, as afoiesaid,
to the contraiy notwithstanding.
Mr. STEVENS moved to strike out the words
" received orcharged," in the sixth line; to strike
out "five," in the tenth line, and in lieu thereof
to insert %s three," and to strike out, in the six-
teenth line, the words " or charges."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to add the following
proviso:
Piovided, further, That all receipts for advertisements to
the amount of $600 by any person or persons, firm, or com-
pany publishinir any newspaper, magazine, leview, or other
hteiary, scientific, or news publication issued penodically,
shall be exempt fiom duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, COLFAX, (Mr. Sedgwick temporarily in
the chair.) Mr. Chairman, I now move to strike
out the entire section; and I will try to show to
the House why my motion ought to prevail. I
believe that newspapers ought to bear their full
propoition of the taxes necessary to put down
the existing unholy rebellion in our country. I
think that they should even be willing to make
sacrifices for the purpose of sustaining the Gov-
ernment; and for one, I am ready to do my com-
plete share, for 1 do not expect my own taxes,
voluntary and involuntary, toward the support of
this war to be limited by the provisions of this
act. But I do think that this special advertising
tax on the press at large is not just, and so think-
ing, and reluctantly differing from the Ways and
Means Committee, I will briefly explain the rea-
sons for my conviction.
Hy this bill there are four classes of taxes upon
the printing offices of the United States. First, it
imposes atax upon the printing paperupon which
the newspapers are printed. Second, it imposes
a tax upon gas, oil, and candles which they have
to use, for every one knows that a large portion
of the work of a printing office is done in the night;
perhaps a larger share of it than that of any other
mechanics; and on morning daily papers, the larg-
est portion of the work is performed atthaf time.
Third, we tax the telegrams sent to newspapers,
by which their interest to the reader is increased,
and which cause them to be sought for. Then, in
the fourth place, we ta;x the income of the estab-
lishment, as of all other professions, three percent.
