the Congressional globe.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1862.
New Series No. 30.
suffers in his property by the repudiation of hon-
est indebtedness by the act of treason, and the
sacrifices that follow upon its desolation, may be
restored as far as possible to his former position,
as a reward for his faithful cooperation with the
Governmentin suppressing the rebellion, and his
patriotic devotion to his country in the sad hour
of its peril.
Upon this head, then, let me say, that all those
acts that self-preservation and a wise humanity
would suggest, which have been recognized by
civilized nations as legitimate and proper in times
of war, and under the rules of war, are embraced
in-the powers granted to Congress by the Consti-
tution, and it becomes, especially at this time, our
duty and imperious necessity to execute it. And
can this be obnoxious to any portion of this House?
Is there still such a love for slavery with any that
they will cling to it at the sacrifice of the best in-
terests of the country ? Prosecute this war vigor-
ously, raise a million of men if necessary, and
means in proportion, and press on the columns,
but lay not a hand upon the property or slave of
a rebel whose labor is the power of this rebellion;
but, if he comes into our camp and proposes to aid
the cause of the Union and fight as well for his own
liberty to which lie is entitled, if for no other reason
by the treason of his master, he must be sent back
into slavery, from which ail acknowledge he is free,
to aid in strengthening the arm of treason to pull
down the pillars of our Constitution and Union.
Sir, there is no wisdom in such a course, while it
is unjust to the brave men who have offered them-
selves for our nation's defense, and to those at
home who have sacrificed and answered every de-
mand of the Government upon their liberality and
patriotism. Adopt such a course, and the war will
be longer than otherwise. The vast resources that
spring from the slave labor of the rebel States will
support the rebellion for a long time, while our
vast expenses will inevitably eat up the substance
of our people to a great extent, and load us with
a responsibility at once weighty and crushing.
It is true the patriotism and resources of our peo-
ple are seemingly adequate to any emergency that
may arise, but when it is seen that we faiJ, or the
Government fails to use the power and employ
the means at command to speedily crush out this
rebellion by cutting off its supply, it is to be feared
that so heaity a cooperation, to say the least, may
not be witnessed on the part of the people.
It is already a grave question with the most
candid and patriotic, how long we can endure such
a struggle as nowstrainsallourenergiesand taxes
our resources. Shall we make it a trial of endur-
ance, to see how long we can provide for such an
Aimy; how great a burden of sorrow and grief
our loyal citizens can endure; how mighty is that
patriotism that wells up from the loyal heat ts of
our people like the pure and crystal waters of an
inexhaustible fountain? Shall we continue to add
to the sad wail of woe that comes up from the
thousands of hearts all over our stricken land; or
shall we " with a word and a blow" strike at the
heart of the monster in the exercise of our just
rights and constitutional duty, and turn back this
deluging wave of sorrow, and dispel the clouds,
so that the sun of promise and hope may again
gladden the hearts of all our people? Surely our
duty is plain.
A0,ain, loyal slaveholders cannot consistently
object to such legislation. If true to the Union,
if they desire its authority everywhere restored,
and are willing to do and be used to crush this
rebellion and ivstoresuch authouty, how can they
object for one moment striking at the root of the
rebellion, andthuseffectually weaken andspeedily
destroy it? If it be contended that a liberation of
the slaves of rebels would be but one step in ad-
vance towards universal emancipation, and thus
endanger the security of their rights as they un-
derstand them, let it be answered that they need
not expect to escape from this hour ot trial with-
out some inconvenience. Allportionsof the coun-
try, and all classes of loyal people, have suffered,
and ore suffering severely. The North, the non-
slaveholding States, and non-slaveholders, have
30
suffered in their persons, in their families, and
property, and are still in the field, constituting five
sixths of the vast Army that stands like a wall
of fire around us, a sure defense against destruc-
tion by our enemies. This war cannot be waged
especially for the security of slavery, but for the
preservation of good government and constitu-
tional liberty. Slavery iias brought on this strug-
gle; slavery supports the rebellion; and for the per-
petuation of the institution the sword has been
drawn.
This war, thus brought on, and for such pur-
poses, has covered all the free States of this Union
with marks of its desolation, and filled them with
sorrow and tears. It has stripped the man of for-
tune of his immense wealth in a clay; it has caused
privation and hardship to matk the course of all
classes of our citizens, while they have responded
to the calls of the country by dividing their for-
tunes with the soldier departing for the field of
strife to uphold and defend the flag of our fathers.
The Union men of the border States o%ve some-
thing to the North for its support and timely aid,
and should be willing and ready to show them-
selves in earnest by yielding a cheerful support
to this proposition. They ought, in truth, to go
further still. They should unite with us, as broth-
ers in a common cause, in some just, honorable,
and wise measure by which universal emancipa-
tion may be provided for, upon conditions of just
and reasonable compensation to all true loyal
slaveholders for their slaves, and thus wipe out
an institution that has cursed our land, and made
it a by-word and a hissing over the whole earth.
They ought to see the lich benefits of such a re-
sult; the glorious future of our history, thus re-
deemed from this withering cuise that has always
distiactcd us, and that now is determined, even
by the sword and by war, to lay waste our fair
land and blot out our nationality. They ought
to look to the great and prosperous States of the
North that have thrown off their shackles, and
become developed and rich in all that makes a
people intelligent, prosperous, and happy, as a
result of such patriotic devotion to justice and
truth.
But if it be asked what would be done with the
slaves that fall into our hands under this act, let
it be answered in the spirit of the report of the
late Secretary of War, presented above. Now,
as at Port Royal, our soldiers perform the woik
upon the fortifications and the docks, while they
ought to drill and perfect themselves in discipline,
to make them skillful and effective in the work to
which they have been assigned. Place these freed
men upon the fortifications, and let them throw
up barriers against secession instead of the Union
Have them build our docks, work our boats, cut
our wood, drne our teams; in short, do all our
woik, guard our lines, and shoot rebels. Yes, sir,
I would put into their hands as free men, as Union
men, good Union rilles, and if they do not already
know how, I would teach them how to draw a
sure aim at the very lieait of treason. Now, they
work for rebellion; they fortify, they dig, they
fight for rebellion. Why not change the order,
and use them for the Union and the right?_ I
would guard and protect their lights, and provide
for their wants by a liberal compensation, or
otherwise, as wisdom and justice in each case
should demand. A s to the final disposition of this
large class of peisons wluch would eventually
seek our lines, Congress, 111 its wisdom and hu-
manity, with this rebellion crushed and lying at
its feet, would be able to provide ways and means
adequate to the importance of the work.
Now, 1 ask how such a course perverts the ob-
jects and purposes of this war? It was brought
upon us for purposes of which I have spoken,
and the Government only took the sword in selt-
defense, when its delay had amounted, in the
opinion of the civilized world, almost, if not quite,
to a crime. Its resolve was then, and has con-
tinued to be since, to subdue the rebellion at all
hazards and at any sacrifice in the least possible
time, and with the greatest economy. The great
trouble with some, good Union men in other re-
spects, is, that they desire more to preserve the
Union with slavery than they do the Union with-
out slavery, if needs be, and they are exceedingly
anxious that no step be taken to carry the Union
along unless slavery be carried with it. To me
this looks very much like a greater love for sla-
very than the Union, and that the desire to pre-
serve the Union was strong in proportion to the
strength of the opinion that slavery could not exist
without the Union. Slavery is not so sacrcd that
it must be preserved at the extreme hazard of the
life of the Government; but if it in any way comes
in the way of its preservation, as we have shown
it does in the hands of rebels and under the sway
of treason, then it must not be spared, but like
every other opposition to the reestablishment of
our authority, it must be stricken down without
mercy.
How does this change the policy of the war?
Is this war to be carried 011 in the interest of the
rebels, by scrupulously avoiding to injure their
chief interests ? Must it be so tenderly waged as
to protect rather than destroy the mainspring of
its power—the very source and support of its life?
Sir, the hundred thousand soldiers of the Empire
State now in the field panting for a struggle with
this monster that threatens us have made no such
contract. Say to them that they are to fight to
rivet the bonds of the slave still tighter, and per-
petuate forever upon this continent this curse of
our land which is now filling it with desolation and
tears, and you dry up their ardor, and palsy their
arms. They read, and are intelligent. Theycon-
stitute the strength of our communities, intellect-
ual and moral. They know that the slaves and
their labor is the support of the rebellion they have
heroically volunteered to subdue, and they can see
110 patriotism or wisdom in sending them back
into slavery to render more formidable the obsta-
cles they are to encounter. Neither have they
entered into this service for the purpose of fight-
ing down slavery. This, I admit, was not a part
of their contract. But they have rushed into ser-
vice at the call of their country, leaving dear ones,
home associations, property, flattering prospects
for future happiness and distinction, with the im-
plied promise, at least, that this war should be a
shoit one, as every means legitimate and at our
command, in accordance with the rules of war,
should be used to consummate our common pur-
pose and crush this rebellion.
It has been said that such a course would throw
upon the Union men of the South all fhe horrors
of insurrections, and involve all in one common
ruin. Such is not the history of the emancipation
of slaves. We do this act in obedience to consti-
tutional duty—to save the Government and secure,
a permanent peace by effectually weakening the
power that rebels. We do it also as an net of
justice to those who have become free, in fact, by
'the treason of their masters; and it would be hailed
by all the sable sons of bondage with joy and
thanksgiving. All the insurrections that occurred
111 Jamaica, (thirty in number,) in which property
and life were destroyed, were previous to emanci-
pation, and none have occurred since. The power
of the nation 111 arms is sufficient to quell all insur-
rections—at least to the extent of protection to all
Union men—so that from this there is nothing to
fear. But who believes that the emancipation of
their slaves bv the rebels themselves is altogether
an idle tale. "They have taken the sword to con-
quer—to win their independence of the Govern-
ment; and, although for purposes to peipetuate
and build up a slaveholding confederacy, with sla-
very, as " the chief corner-stonc," still the leaders
of the rebellion would throw all this object away
if necessary to success, rather than be compelled
to flee the country, or be brought into subjection
and sutler the full penalty of their crimes. Al-
ready we are told that they are endeavoring to
negotiate a recognition by foreign Powers upon
this basis; and stranger tilings than such a result
have occurred and are daily passing before us.
Their slaves would then be free, it is true; but
they would sustain the arm that brought to them
freedom, and we should lose the moral power
