1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
list
I state the fact, and I think it is true, that, if you
take all of the newspapers of the United States in
the aggregate, for the last year, you will find they
have not made one dollar of clear profit. Not a
dollar, sir; and very many of them have been kept
up at an absolute loss, li is true that the circula-
tion of the daily metropolitan press has been in-
creased, but every member is aware that it is the
advertisements and not the circulation of a paper
that is profitable,and theadvertisinghasdecreased
greatly because of the almost total paralysis of
many branches of business.
The most powerful and hitherto most profitable
newspapers in the Union have, in consequence,
not made a dollar of profit, but, on the contrary,
have sunk money. So it is all over the country.
In my district a year or a year and a half ago
there were twenty-four papers published, for they
are an intelligent, reading population. During
that time no less than seven have been discon-
tinued, leaving but seventeen in existence to-day;
and I fear, when you put this tax upon their ad-
vertisements, on the most profitable part of the
business, that it will cripple if not destroy many
of the remaining seventeen. 1 am not speaking
now in tiie interest of any paper with which lam
connected. That paper, 1 may say, will probably
live as long under taxation as any of its country
cotemporaries; but 1 speak as for the press gen-
erally of all parties, I have at this very session
advocated what the press insisted was a burden,
that they should pay postage on papers sent by
United States mail trains outside of the mails, be-
cause 1 believed, despite their attacks on it, that it
was just that they should do this when they used
our mail trains, and 1 think their attacks did not
induce me to swerve ftom what seemed to me
right. I oppose this advertising tax now, because
I do not believe itis right or expedient.
One objection to this tax is that it is an inter-
mediate tax between the tax on the raw staple,
the punting paper, and the tax on the income that
is derived from manufacturing it int*) papers,
which you do not impose on other trades or pro-
fessions. 1 cou'.d give many illustrations. One
will suffice Shoemakers you tax on the leather
they use, and also on the income of their business,
if over $G00 per year. But you do not put on an
intermediate tax on some portion of their business
by winch this income is obtained. Another point.
You tax first-class ciLy hotels $200, and why
should you not, if the principle of this proposi-
tion is correct, as well tax them five percent, upon
the amount received from boarders? But while 1
am in favor of striking out this advertising sec-
tion entirely, as 1 fear, with the influence of the
Ways and Means Committee against it, that it
will not all be stricken out, I shall vote, of course,
for every modification of its provisions which will
lessen the rigor of us taxation.
The receipts of newspapers, Mr. Chairman,
are fiom three sources; first, from their subscrib-
es; second, from their advertisements; and third,
from their job work. Many newspapers have no
income from the third source, leaving that class of
work for separate job work establishments, and
have to rely upon their subscribers and adver-
tisements alone. You say they shall pay a tax
upon the staple—the punting papei—they work
up, while you except the tobacco manufacturer
alongside of the printing office from a tax upon the
staple which he works up. Is not this an adverse
discrimination? That the press have submitted
to; but is it right to add another? The press has
a fourfold taxnnposed on it—on paper, on light,
on telegrams, and on income. Should a fifth be
added ?
You tax the wholesale merchant fifty dollars
for his license, and he, perhaps, has a thousand
customers; but you do not tax them. His busi-
ness may amount to $1,000,000 per year, while a
paper, with only a hundredth part of that amount
of income from advertisements, will have to pay
three to five hundred dollars on them, (accoidmg
as the tax is three or five per cent.,) besides the
tax on paper and on income. A newspaper may
have a hundicd advertising patrons, perhaps live
hundred, pet haps a thousand. Why do you tax
those customers, while you do not tax the cus-
tomer of the hotel keeper or the merchant? You
might as justly tax a school teacher upon the
number ot his patrons.
Why do you not tax the customers of the law-
yer? The lawyer has two classes of patrons—
one in civil cases, and the other in criminal cases.
The press have two classes of customers—one
who pationizes it by subscribing, and the other by
advertising. You propose to tax the receipts from
one class of these patrons; why not tax one class
of the lawyer's patrons, and say that he shall pay
five dollars for every criminal suit? AH these
special taxes on special classes of patrons—of law-
yers, doctors, hotel keepers, &c.—would be un-
just, as all concede. Why is it more just in the
case of the printer's patrons?
The wool manufacturer is taxed three per cent,
upon his income, but you do not tax his staple; |
while you do tax the staple, the paper, which the
press work up into newspapers, and then insist
on this extra tax in addition.
I wish to say to the Committee of Ways and
Means that I give them credit for the manner in
which they have performed their labors, and for
the modifications of the bill which they have made
to-day. I know theirs is a thorny and painful
pathway. But they are like all other men, fallible.
X intend to vote for their bill, whatever shape it
may assume, believing it a duty to the Govern-
ment to sustain it. Still, I am free to say that I
do not agree with all its details, nor with all the
amendments adopted in the Committee of the
Whole, though 1 have not felt at liberty to leave
the chair, to which the Speaker called me, during
the weeks it has been under discussion, till this
section came up, when I feltit a duty to offer these
suggestions.
One thing more. The bill discriminates against
newspapers proper, and in favor of literary papers.
Here are Bonner's Ledger,the Boston Waverly,
and other papers of that class, all composed of
reading matter exclusively, and they are conse-
quently entirely exempt from this advertising tax.
Mr. WR1G-HT. The gentleman from Indiana,
I understand, is a practical printer.
Mr. COLFAX. I have been in the business
some seventeen years; but am notas good a printer
as I ought to be, even yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. According to the terms of this
bill, this tax is only to be imposed upon adveitise-
ments put into the paper for which the editor or
publisher receives pay. It is not imposed upon
any other chaiacter of matter contained in the
newspaper. Now, the gentleman knows very
well that, in receiving notices to put into the paper,
he will chargc this tax m addition to the price
which the person advertising would otherwise
have to pay. Therefore, he cannot complain that
the tax is "doing the press any injury, as itis only
put upon that class of articles for which he receives
pay;'and the tax comes out of the person who
brings such matter to the paper. Now, letmcask
the gentleman in what way the business of a pub-
lisher is injured theieby ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. Upon legal advertisements—ad-
vertisements which the law requires to be pub-
lished—I grant you, you could add the additional
amount, for the price of such advertisements is
fixed by law, and the advertising is compulsory,
not voluntary. But upon other classes of adver-
tisements—merchants'advertisements, occasional
advertisements, special notices, and everything of
that sort—you could not impose the additional
tax. For I tell the gentleman that even without
a tax, but simply by the pressure of the times,
that class of business has diminished in many in-
stances one half and three quarters. And the mo-
ment you have it understood throughout the coun-
try that advertisements are to be taxed, those who
are about advertising will curtail that class of their
expenditures, because they undeistand that when
they go to have their advcitiscmentsinserted they
will have to pay this additional tax. By this
means you assist in breaking down the weaker
newspapers of the country, and thus throw num-
bers of men out of employment. You will also
decrease the amount of tax received upon printing
paper, because less will be consumed if the num-
i ber of papers is decreased. You will lessen the in-
ii come tax, because you deprive many nvn of an
|: income \v hich they would otherwise receive.
|! Mr. WRIGHT. The press of the country, un-
del the circumstances, ought to come up to the
I' mai k and shoulder its iull share of the publicbur-
!: d'-ns; and unless it is put upon the press m this
i; shape, I know of no way in which u can be done,
i! The gentleman complains that professional men
'! escape their share of the burden.
Mr. COLFAX. JNTotatali. The gentleman cer-
tainly misunderstood me'. I said a tax, similar in
its operations, would be unjust on professional
men.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman referred to that
class. The editors of the country should beartheir
full share, and nobody wants to put upon them
more than their share; but because they axe news-
paper editors,because they can complain in regard
to this thing when we cannot always be present
to meet the objection, they ought not therefore:to
to escape.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree with the gentleman
that they ought not to escape their fair proportion
of the public burdens. The question is, whether
they are not required to pay more than their share.
According to this bill they pay through the adver-
tising tax, I think, more than that proportion.
They pay a tax upon the staple which they work
up. The wool manufacturer does not do that.
The copper manufacturer does not do that. The
flour manufacturer does not do that. And I am
glad that none of these classes do. But the press
do. And then it pays besides, a tax upon light,
it pays a tax upon the matter put into its papers,
telegraphic messages, &c.;and in addition to that,
it pays, as all other professions do, a tax upon its
income.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let me say to the gentleman
that every person engaged in every branch of
business is taxed just as much as those who are
engaged in printing newspapers.
Mr. COLFAX. That is just the question at
issue between us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. The motion now is to strike
out the entire section. Before the vote is taken on
that I move to amend the proviso by making the
amount which shall be exempt $3,000, instead of
$600. It seemsto me, sir, that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] isstrikingatoneofthemain
sources, or at least a very considerable source of
the revenue of the Government. I believe that in
England a very large income is derived from the
tax upon advertisements as well as from the news-
paper stamp duty.
Now, sir, we have already put down the duty
on printing paper very low, supposing that we
should thereby avoid the opposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, and we struck out the tax
upon ink altogether. We had supposed that we
had propitiated all opposition by these liberal con-
cessions; but the gentleman from Indiana having
gone so strongly for taxing newspapers some time
ago, is, of course, obliged to go the other way
now, I suppose.
If my amendment prevails, it will exclude all
those newspapers whose income is less than
$1,000, and it will be seen that there are very few
country newspapers, and those must be flourish-
ins: ones, that will pay anything of this tax. And
the tax which will be laid upon their paper will
be very trifling. The gentleman says that we dis-
criminate between books and magazines, printed
on fine paper, and newspapers. I do not know
what kind of paper my friend from Indiana prints
upon. The paper on which the magazines are
printed is of the very finest quality, costinga very
high price. My friend, I presume, prints his paper
as we print the papers in my neighborhood, on
straw paper.
Mr. COLFAX. Rag paper.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, the lowest kind of rag
paper, and the percentage will amount to an almost
invisible sum. The difficulty the Committee of
! Ways and Means had in fixing the tax upon that
j kind of paper was that the Supreme Court have
jj decided once that you cannot divide a mill, and
11 that any contract made for less than a mill is void,
M and whether we could get at it at all was the great
question with us. Some were for taxing the cir-
culation of newspapers; but that we thought was
not a fair way, because the great profit of all news-
papers is j  the advertisements. 1 dare say that
j! the receipts for circulation of some of the city
papers do not more that pay for the cost of tne
'j composition, ink, and papoi; but when you come
r to the advertisements, that department swells up
!; the lueeipts until the concern is worth, like the
:! London Tunes, hundreds of per cent, above the
cost. I believe that an enterprising man in New
j, York, staiting with nothing, has made a princely
j. fortune out of the advertisements of a paper which
li he owns there. Other papers in New York are
