1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COMMERCE OP THE LAKES.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted the folio wing resolution: which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Th!lt the Presi(i™ °f the United States be re-
a e l'rel,ar«l a statistical statement of the
trade and commerce of the great lakes, to be presented at
the next session of Congress for the use of the House.
EXAMINATION OF EIRE-ARMS.
Mr. PRANK asked leave to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the President to appoint a
commission to examine fire-arms.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING objected.
Mr. FRANK. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his objection. I merely desire the resolu-
tion to be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. WEBSTER. I object.
D. S. JUNKIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, asked leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of the application of D. S. Junkin for
a pension.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will not object, if
copies are left on file.
Leave was accordingly granted.
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ALDRICH I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking from the Speaker's table
Senate joint resolution No. 101, making further
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30,1863. I ask the House
to permit me to say that these appropriations were
passed by the Senate to the regular Indian appro-
priation hill, but by some mistake they failed to be
engrossed and sent to the House with the other
Senate amendments to the bill. It is necessary
that they should be made for the service of the
Indian department.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on suspend-
ing; the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Calvert weie appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 12.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
The joint resolution was then taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
ordered to a third reading; and was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to fay the motion to reconsider on the
table"
The latter motion was agreed to. *
CONTRABAND STATISTICS.
Mr. WICKL1FFE asked leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That it shall he the duty of the Government to
keep a faithful record of the names, ages, and sex of ail
slaves captured orreeeived into the lines under the protec-
tion of the Army, stating the names of the owners of the
game.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. If the gentleman will
withdraw his objection for a single moment, it is
the last time in my life I will ask a similar favor
of him. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I cannot withdraw
my objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to suspend the
rules.
The House divided on the motion; and there
were—ayes 67, noes 27.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
Only twelve members rose to second the demand.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays. j
Tellers were<rordered; and Messrs. Bingham j
and Ashley were appointed.
3407
The House divided; and thirty-six voted in the
affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, George H. Browne,
Calvert, Casey, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkhng, Crisfield,
Ciittenden, Dunlap, Dunn, Fisher, Goodwin, Granger,Gri-
d**r, Hatglu, Hale. Hanehett, Harding, Jack*on, Kerrigan,
Law, Low, McKnight, May, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell,
Nixon, Noel!, Odeli, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Poiter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, Sar-
gent, Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Ward, Webster, Wickhfie, and Worcester—58.
NAYS—Meppts, Ashley, Babbitt, Beaman, Bingham,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Colfax, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Covode, Cutler, Duell, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fcssenden,
Frank, Gooch, Guiley, Hooper, Hutchms, Julian, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg. Loomis. Lovcjoy, McPher-
son, Mooihead, Patton, John'H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabaigei, Sherman, Spauldmg,
Stevens, Train, Trimble, Van Horn, Venee, Wa&hburne,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, and Windom—45.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
having voted therefor.)
PENSION AGENTS.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, Senate joint resolution No. 58, to reg-
ulate the compensation of pension agents, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read u first
and second time, and ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED RESOLUTIONS AND BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled joint resolutions
and a bill of the following titles; to which the sig-
nature of the Speaker was thereupon affixed:
Joint resolution (S. No. 101) making farther
appropriations for the current and contmgentex-
penses of the Indian department and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1863;
Joint resolution (S. No. 100) suspending the
sale by sealed bids of the lands of the Kansas and
Sac and Fox Indians;
Joint resolution (S. No. 58) to regulate the com-
pensation of agents for paying pensions; and
An act (Fl. R. No. 579) to authorize payments
m stamps, and to prohibit circulation of notes of
less denomination than one dollar.
PRINTING OF CONFISCATION MESSAGE.
Mu WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution:
JResolreJ, That ten thousand copies, extra, of the message
of the Piesidentof the United States of this date, on the
subject of confiscation, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. I demand the yeas
and nays. The President has sent a respectful
communication, and it is due to him that it shall
be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has reminded the
gentleman from Missouri several times that de-
bate upon a motion to lay on the table is not in
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it resulted—yeas
8, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bingham, Cutler, Eliot, Ely,
Shanks, Sheiman, and Wallace—8.
NAYS—Mes^is. William Allen, William J. Alien, An-
eona, Arnold, Baily, Baxtei, Beaman, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, Samuel H. Blair, Blake, Geoige H. Biowne, Buffin-
lon, Calvert, Clemcnit, Cobb. Colfax, Fiedeuok A. Conk-
luig, Roscoe Conkling. Conway, Covode,Crisfield, Ciitten-
den, Duell. Dunlap, Dunn,Fouke, Ftank, Goodwin,Gian-
ger, Giidei', Guilcy, Haight, Hale, Hall, Iliekman, Julian,
William Kellogg, Law, Mcknight, McPher.son, May. May-
nard. Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Moms, Nixon, Noeil,
OdeJJ, Dim, Patton, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Timothy
G. Piulp.s, Poiter, Alexander II. Riee, John H. Rice, Ed-
ward IJ. Kollin-,, Segar. Shellabarger, Sine), Smith, John
B. Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Train/Trimble, Tiovvbndge, Van Horn, Vcrree,
Wall, Walton, Ward, Washburno, Webster, Albert S.
Wiiite, Wiekliffe, Wilson, and Woicester—82.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk thereupon proceeded to call the roll
of members.
CLOSE OR BUSINESS.
A message was received ftom the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, one of their clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate, having no further busi-
ness Ao transact, was icady lo adjourn.
The message further announced that the Senate
had appointed a committee to join such commit-
tee as should be appointed by the House to wait
on the President of the United States, and inform
him that the two Houses of Congress, having
finished their business, were ready to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, by unan-
imous consent, it was
Ordered, That a committee be appointed bv the House to
join the committee appointed by the Senate,"to wait on the
President of the United States and inform him that the two
Houses of Congress, having finished their business, are
ready to adjourn.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Washbuune, Cox, and Men-zies, as such com-
mittee on the part of the House.
CALL OF THE 1I0USK—AGAIN.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to suspend all
further proceedings under the call.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 withdraw the motion.
The Clerk then concluded the call, when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to then* names:
Messrs. Alley, Baker, Fiancis P. Blair, William G.
Brown, Burnham, Campbell, Chambeilin, Clatk, Corning,
('ravens, Crittenden, Davis, Dawes Delano, Dclaplaine,
Divrn, Edgeiton, i'llwaid.s, Franehot, Hauling, Damson,
Ilickman, Dolman, .Idi'looi), Johnson. Uillmger, Knapp,
Lansing, Lazeai, Lcatj, Lehman, Me Kean, Malloiy, Mais-
ton, Anson P. Motull, JtisUn S. Moinli, Noblr, Noi ton,
Nngen, Periy, Pomeioy, Puce, Rirhatdson, Kiddle, Kob-
mson, Sheffield, Sloan, Spauldmg, William G. Sum )<>, Val-
l.indiiiliain, Yamlever, Van Yail'.unlmigh, Van Wyek,
WatLwoith, Whei'ltM, Wh.dcy, Chilton A. Whilu, Wood,
Wooduitr, and Wright.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, one of their clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill of the House (No. 321) to in-
demnify ccrtain citizens residing in the State of
Delaware for expenses incurred by them in de-
fense of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed an act (H. II. No. 579) toau-
xhorize payments in stamps, and to prohibit cir-
culation of notes of less denomination than one
dollar.
CALL OF THE HOUSE—AGAIN.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move to dispense
with all fui th( r proceedings under the call.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; but before
he hatj concluded,
Mr. COX, from the committee appointed to
wait on the President and inform him that the two
Houses having finished their business were ready
to adjourn, repoi ted that in pursuance of the order
of the House they had waited on the President of
the United States, who replied to them that he had
no further or other communication to make at the
present time.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the consent of the
House to permit me to say six words in explana-
tion of the resolution a few minutes ago submitted
to the House by me.
The hour of two having arrived,
The SPEAKER said: The huui fixed by the two
Houses foradjournment having arrived, 1 declare
this House adjourned sine die.
