2448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I shall call for the
yeas and nays. I do not see the chairman of the
Committee on Finance in his scot.
Mr. HARLAN. Mi\ President 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
have an executive session for a short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me, I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to a bill which
passed 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a bill here from the
House of Representatives proposing an exten-
sion of time for the construction of a railroad in
the State of Missouri that should be acted on
immediately. There will be no opposition to it,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How lon^ will it take?
Mr. HARLAN. About two minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill before the Senate will be laid aside
informally for that purpose. The Chair hears no
objection.
HA.TLROA.DS MISSOURI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 281)
supplemental to " an act granting the right of way
to the State of Missouri, and a portion of the pub-
lic lands, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State." It extends the timegranted
under the act to-'which it is supplemental for the
completion of the road therein described, from the
city of St. Louis to such point on the western
boundary of the State as may be designated by
the authorities of the State, as well as the reversion
to the United States of the lands thereby granted
to the State-of Missouii for the use of the road,
for ten years from the 10th day of June, 18G2; but
in case the company fail to complete the road
within the time as thus extended, the land is then
to revert to the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public.
Lands have informally authorized me to propose
a verbal amendment to the body of the bill, and
also to the title, to make it accuratc. I propose,
in the fifth line, before the word " reversion," to
insert the words 44 time of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordeied
to be engrossed, and read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the title was
amended, so as to read, " A bill supplemental to
an act granting the right of way to the State of
Missouri, and a portion of the public lands, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, approved June 10, 1852."
THE TAX BILL.
The Seriate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (11. R. No.
31*2) to piovide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMHULL. The Senatoi from Cali-
fornia gave way to mo to make a motion to ad-
journ, and I gave way to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts for an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the Senator from Cali-
fornia got through:
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois withdrew his motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I make the motion
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Air. McDOUGALL. I did not yield the f!ooi._
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
to give way.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator said he would give
way to the Senator from Ohio to talk about corn.
Mr. rvlcDOUGALL, Well, I do not care about
it. I thought 1 was a little crowded, and perhaps
1 yielded.
Tiie VJCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to adjourn, and on that motion the
yeas and nays are requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Harris, King, Saulsbury,
Sumner, Tiumbuil, Wade, and Wilmot—8.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Claik, Cowan, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Games,
Hale, Ilarlan, Howaid, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDouiraU, Motiill, Nesmitli, Powell,
Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Willey, YVil&on of Massa-
chusetts, and Wright—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT." The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators do notunderstand
what the amendment is. I hope it will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it read.
The Secretary read the amendment; in line six
of section forty-two, page 44, to strike out the
words " the duty of twenty cents," and to insert
"a duty of twenty-five cents until the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1863, and thereafter a duty of thirty-five
cents per gallon."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Foot,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, bane of Kansas,
McDougali, Simmons, Sumner, Wilmot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foster, Haie,King,Lane ol Indiana,La-
tham, Morrill, Nesrruth, Powell, Saulsbuty, Sherman,Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, and Wiight—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWNING. I piopose to amend the
biil by inserting at the end of the forty-fourth sec-
tion, in brackets, page 48, the following as a new
section:
Jiml be it further enacted, That the collector of any dis-
trict may giant a permit to the owner or owners of anydis-
tillery within tin distuct to send or s-lup any spirits, the
product of said distillery, to any place without said district
and within the United States ; and in such case the bill of
biding or rceoipt (which shall be m such (bun as the Com-
missioner of Intel mil lie venue may direct) of the same Mini I
l)o taken 111 the name of the colleetorof the district in which
the d^tillei.v is situate, and the spirits aiore-aul shall he
confirmed, in such bill of I ruling or iceeipt, to the collector
| of the di-'tuct m which the place is situate whither the
j spirits is sent or.-hipped; and upon the anival of the spnits,
I and upon the demand of the collector aforesaid, the agent
j of tile distillery (and the name of the agent, for the coriven-
l lenee of the collector, shall alwajs appear in the bill of
i lading or receipt) shall pay the duties upon the said spints,
| with the expense of freight, and eveiy other expense which
; has accrued theieupou ; the number of gallons and the pi oof
| of the -spirits aforesaid to be deteimined, upon the anival
I theicof, by an inspector appointed orappioved by the col-
lee toi. and at the ehaige ami expense ot the owner or agent;
and tiie said collector, upon the pa\ meat of the duties afore-
said shall di'li\ ei the bill of lading or receipt and the spirits
to the agent of the said distilleiy'; and if the duties are not
paid aforesaid, then the said --pints shall be =tored at the
risk of the ownei oi agent thereof, who shall pay an addi-
tion often per cent, tlicieupon; and all the geiictal ptovis-
ioiis of this act, in reference to hens, penalties, and for-
feitures, also m reference to the collection, shall apply
thereto,'and be enforced by the colleetoi of the districtin
which the spiuts may be : 'Provided, That no pennit shall
be gtanfed under this section for a quantity less than fifty
bairels: Jlnd pioiuled farther, That the Oommi^ionci of
Intel nal Jtevenue, under the direction of the Secietaiy of
the Ttea.^uiy, may make such liuther regulation^ as he may
deem propei in outer to protect the icveuue, ami to cany
out the spirit and intent of this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter has been
undorconsideration bytheCommitteeon Finance,
and we have adopted a different system. This
applies to spirituous liquors. There are other mat-
ters to which it should apply also. I do not see
why it should not apply to ale, beer, and other
articles of that description; and pai ticularly to the
refined petroleum, which comes under the same
regulation. I have drawn an amendment to that
effect, and also to meet certain other difficulties in
the biil with regard to exportation. If the Sena-
tor will withdraw this amendment for the present
and let others be considered, I will offer it in the
proper place, and if he does not like it, he can
i move this as a substitute.
ij Mr. BROWNING. I have no objection, cer-
i| tain 1 y „ to take anyeourso that will be forthecon-
[\ vemeiice of the chanman of the committee, and
i; winch, it may be supposed, will tend to facilitate
■, tin.- business of the Senate, The amendment is one
deemed veiy important by that cioss of manufac-
Hirers in the Wos>t. They are anxious to have it
!] presented and considered by the Senate. Its pro-
visionsseem tome tobceinmentlyjustand proper,
|j and not being fully apprised of what is now stated
ii by the chairman of the Committee on Finance, 1
|| thought it advisable to offer it at this time. I will,
however, upon his suggestion, withdraw it for the
time being, if it be an accommodation and conven-
ience to him, reserving to myself the right to re-
new the proposition if necessary.
Mr. HOWE. I do not object at all to that
arrangement. I have examined the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois with a little
care, and I suppose I understand the amendment
which is proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. I am very much of the opin-
ion that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois is very proper and veiy necessary,
and will be, even if the amendment offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance should be
adopted. It is true, if the amendment offered by
the Senator from Illinois should be adopted, it will
require some modification of the amendment, as I
understand it, which is to be proposed by the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc do not want both
systems. The system that we agreed upon, or
which I supposed we agreed upon, is a system
of giving bond for payment of duties, and you
will not want both.
Mr. HOWE. I shall want this very much in
reference to this particular subject, independent
of that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, if the Senate adopt
this, the other will be unnecessary; that is all.
Mr. HOWE. It would be necessary in refer-
ence to the other subjects, but not m reference to
this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose it is
nccessary to apply one regulation to one matter
and another to another.
Mr. HOWE. The principle of this might,
perhaps, be extended so as to cover all subjects;
but this is a business by itself, and it differs very
essentially in many respects from the manufac-
ture of petroleum oil, or from any other manufac-
ture. Unless an amendment like this suggested
by the Senator fiom Illinois is adopted, you im-
pose a burden upon this particular manufacture
which it was not the intention of the committee
and not the intention of the Senate to impose. I
should be sorry to have this amendment either
permanently withdrawn or to have it rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really do not know
where to find myself. This amendment is, I be-
lieve, substantially the one that was drawn by
the Senator from Wisconsin himself originally.
It is substantially the same. In the committee
I thought fiom what passed that he agreed to
waive that and to adopt the other system. I of-
fered him distinctly to take either, and 1 did not
know but that his was the best. It may be the
best. I only want to know where I am. I do
not want to be exposed to offering from the com-
mittee a particular plan which I supposed to be
agreed upon, and then have it opposed by mem-
bers of the committee. I should have been will-
ing to consider and examine this one if the Sen-
ator had insisted upon it, but I understood him to
waive it distinctly and to prefer the other mode.
Mr. HOWE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance is mistaken in supposing that this
is substantially the plan which was diawn by my-
self. It was drawn without any consultation with
me. That is not exactly correct, for I have rea-
son to believe that the gentleman who drew this
amendment had conversed with me; but it varies
very materially and widely from the proposition
which I intended, and I think did, suggest to the
Committee on Finance. I cannot say that some
ideas in this amendment were not suggested by a
conveisation with myself; but it is not my prop-
osition, and it is one that I had no authority, no
power to waive, whatever. I did, as the chair-
man has said, withdraw my own proposition, an
amendment which I had diawn myself at consid-
erable length and with considerable care, out of
deference to the opinions of the chairman of the
committee; but this distinctive amendment I cer-
tainly did not withdraw, because at the time I did
not know it was in existence. It has been pre-
pared and submitted  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that there is no amendment pending be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. If it is withdrawn, of course I
have nothing to say.
Mr. BROWNING. It is withdrawn tempo-
rarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now submit an amend-
ment that I indicated at an early stage of the dis-
