460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
that such an act of justice and duty would bring
to our cause. Under such circumstances it would
be quite impossible to avoid collisions with for-
eign Powers. England, especially, is jealous of
our continually growing prosperity. Under a sep-
aration and a division of our territory, she would
expecta monopoly of the trade of the South, which
would be readily granted. But if we rise to the
greatness of the occasion upon which we have
fallen, and seize hold of the advantages presented,
we shall avoid further complications and difficul-
ties, and speedily restore our distracted country
to a peace not easily broken.
But, sir, I desire to refer to a few remarks made
by my colleague, [Mr. Steele,] when this topic
was first under discussion. He opposes the policy
advocated because he says " a very large major-
ity of the soldiers of our Army are opposed to
this anti-slavery agitation," and hence are opposed
to this policy being adopted. All have rushed to
their country's call with a noble, patriotic pur-
pose, without ever thinking of their political dif-
ferences, but anxious only to conserve their coun-
try and its free institutions. I deny that this policy
pursued " will^aralyzc the power of our Army,"
and that our soldiers arc of the character men-
tioned by my colleague. He further says:
" Awl do you suppose it can be done without demoial-
iztng our Army? These men have been educated all (heir
lives in the idea that this agitation of the slavery question
was unprofitable, and that it was likely to produce the very
state ofthi.igs which now exist*-; and they hcheve—wheth-
er right or wrong, they religiously believe—that the unne-
cessary agitation of this slavery question is the sole and only
cause of all our troubles."
I deny, sir, that the soldiers from the Empire
State, which he, with me, in part represents, are
of any such character. If any portion of them,
with my colleague and his party, have heretofore
believed as asserted, they are ladically changed
in their views, after having had this question pie-
sented to them in its sterner forms, and seen ex-
hibitions of its spirit and purpose. No, sir; m the
name of the noble, patriotic men of New York,
who at this moment stand as a bulwark of defense
to our liberties, and of those who have already
yielded up their lives as sacrifices upon the altar
of thcircountry, I enter my solemn protestagainst
airy such declaration.
To give this force by his own opinion, he adds:
" I declare that the umieccsaaty agitation ot the s-laveiy
question was the cause of the war. At least such is my
conviction."
In behalf of my State and its free people, who
have formed intelligent opinions upon this great
question, and have freely exercised them, anil es-
pecially in the last presidential election, 1 deny
this proposition also.
" As well say that the early Christian*- were the authors
of the heaihen oiioimitiea against winch thev bore tin-h
martyr testimony; and that the e o<s. the ax. the gtuIuoh,
and the boiling oil by winch they stnictcd weie a part of
the Chiihtiau di.^poiinauon."
On the other band I declare, what is already
the truth of history, and no sane man will dare
to deny it in the (ace of other evidence, as well as
the declarations of the leaders of this rebellion, that
all this mighty tread of armies, and their uivu^inij
and desolation, is all fiom slavery, and caused by
it. This ruin that is spreading its gloom and
sadness over our land is caused by slavery. The
bosoms of innocent, virtuous patriotism, that are
torn and larcerated by this bloody scourge, are
torn and larcerated by slavery. These facts arc
already written upon therecoids of events by the
unerring pen of truth, and the future will trans-
scribe them ill living lines of light upon the page
of history. J ndeed, history is aheady written tip
upon this point, and its evidence is clear. Tile
South, or some portions of it more than others,
has always, at the time of and since the adoption
of the Constitution, been opposed to republican
government. In an early day ponular principles
were abhorrent to the leading spirits ofthe South.
South Carolina, it is true, was foremost in such
opposition, as she is now foremost in leading 011
. this rebellion against good government. Onone
occasion her vote was recorded against the Decla-
ration of independence, and her assent to 11 was
finally given only formally and for the sake, of
unanimity, and not because she believed and ft It
it to be right in principle. After long hesitation
sire took her place in the Union under the Con-
stitution, but with a protest. Such also was the
case of Georgia.
As early as 1776, John Adams wrote as follows:
" All our misfortunes arise from a single source: the
rcsistancc of the southern colonies to republican govern-
ment."
This was before any question ofnational policy,
such as tariff or free trade, had aroused any jeal-
ousy in the South. The Union was formed, " but
the seeds of conspiracy and discontent were latent
in its bosom." In the first Congress it showed
itself when Franklin endeavored to bring the Gov-
ernment to discouragc the traffic in men. From
that day to the outbreak of this open rebellion, trea-
son has linked in every poi tion of the South in the
persons of certain leading men, and availed itself
of every opportunity to accomplish its purpose.
The records of the past year show this position
to be beyond controversy, for this longstanding
conspiracy has been unblushingly confessed by
several of the leading spirits of this rebellion, in
the South Carolina convention, held to take the
State out ofthe Union, Mr. Packer said:
u Secession is no spasmodic effort that iias come sud-
denly upon us. It has been gradually culminating for a Ions
s.crics of years."
Mr. Inglis said:
u Mot-t of us have had thi3 subject under consideration
for the laf-t twenty years."
Mr. Keitt said:
" I have been engaged in this movement ever since I en-
tered political life
Mr. Rhett said:
" It is nothing piodueod by Mr. Lincoln's election or the
non-execution of the fugitive slave law. It is a matter
which has been gathering head for thirty i/ears.,>
Should anything more be needed to prove my
position that this war was brought upon us by
slavery and for slavery, take the declaration of
the vice president of the rebel States, who is an
able, if not the ablest, representative of the new
confederacy, so called, as to its purposes, spirit,
and principles. Mr. Stephens said:
" The foundations of the new government are laid upon
the great truth that biavoiy—subordination to the ^upeiior
i;uh>—u-i the nogto'? natuial and tuoial condition ; th.it it is
the fii ^t government in the history of the win Id bnsed upon
thispieatpliv-ieal, philosophical, iuid moial truth; and that
the ^tone which w;h iejected by the fiist binldeis is in the
new i-chficc In-coinc the chief stone of the corner.''1
Out of thcirown months we judge of then-pur-
poses and objects. My coIluaguo"[Mr. Steele]
is wrong in his view of this subject, and the very
course he pursues is calculated to strengths the
cause ofour enemy, and give something of grand-
cur to their wicked struggles to destroythe Union.
Sir, this very cry of agitation still used by him,
and the spirit of concession it carries with it, is
what has emboldened the mon who arc now in
armsxigainsttheGovernment to demand more and
still more, until the bare expectation of being cut
oft*fiom realization has led them to believe that
they could easily gain by the awoid what before
they had always accomplished by demands and
threats. Had the North always stood up to the
line, and gi anted nothing but constitutional rights,
and demanded in return every constitutional right
and legitimate benefit, under the Government, that
its territory, population, aid to the Government,
and character were entitled to, and taken nothing
less, at all times, from the first, it would have
commanded respect, and our present disaster might
not have been upon us. Place, power, and control
in the Government, to which those in rebellion
were not in justice entitled, but yielded without
good cause, have prepared them for the work in
which they arc engaged, and the adoption of the
means necessary, in their opinion, to secure their
object. The responsibility ofsueh a course of sub-
serviency on the part of the North, or free States,
to theSuuth, 01 slave States, and the slave inter-
est, will rest wheie it belongs; for the great events
of the past that have grown out of such base sur-
render of right,justice, and manhood, will give
character and place to all the actors who have had
part and lot in tkc work. There I am willing to
let it rest, and abide the decision of impartial "his-
tory, while from the whole we should diaw lessons
to teach us to manage the great struggle of the
present, and prepare us for the wonderful devel-
opments of the future.
Mr. Chairman, I desire the passage ofthe law
proposed, becau&e I deem it impoitant, and duty
under the Constitution, that Congiess should de-
fine _ its views and_ declare its policy clearly and
distinctly upon this great question now agitating
the country, and the subject of comment on the
part of the whole leading press of the loyal States.
I desire it because I believe it right, and because it
is our duty to speak out and take an unequivocal
Fosition upon it before the country and the world.
desire it for the high moral effect it will have
upon the country, and the character it will give
to this struggle for national life. It will give evi-
dence, so far as we can do it, of a desire and a
determination to strike effectual blows at this re-
bellion, and use every means within our power
to gain the great object of this struggle.
Mr. Chairman, I have the greatest confidence in
the ability, integrity, and patriotism of the Gov-
ernment; and above all, 1 believe, as those com-
posing it have more at stake than any one else,
so do they desire as much as any one else, to say
the least, success, and that speedily. Taking the
Government in the hour of its deepest sorrow and
the most severe peril through which it has ever
passed, without men and means to support it,
bankrupt by the scoundrelism that had ruled in
nearly all its branches, there was nothing left but
the patriotism of the loyal States upon which it
could throw itself for protection. From this con-
dition it has had to gather a vast Army, equip and
provide it with all the means of war, and from the
very stump carve out and work into shape and
completeness the vast aggregate of preparation to
supply it and move it along. No Government
ever did as much in the same time. In the mean
time, the enemy, equally determined, and upon
its own ground, lias been with great earnestness
throwing up obstacles to our progress, requiring
the greatest outlay of energy and preparation on
our part to meet them successfully. I know the
country is impatient; this House is impatient;
and it is natural that such a feejing should exist.
The people have responded nobly to every call of
the Government, and they feel that the time has
come when some good and glorious results should
follow the efforts made.
Sir, I believe that the present is full of hope,
and the future is already casting its glory upon us.
I say to the country, be patient; the patriotism of
the Government is ample; Congress will do its
duty; the great work is progressing, and in due
time the results will follow. That "time, 1 trust,
is not far before us. Let us rest in the hope and
belief that no time will be unnecessarily wasted;
that after due caution and preparation the old flag
will be borne on word m triumph and planted, amid
the rejoicings of a victorious army, upon the very
ramparts of a wicked and traitorous foe. Our
cause, properly understood, and made what it
should be by high and noble aims and just legis-
lation, is the cause of humanity, justice, and con-
stitutional government, and sustained by such
high-minded and noble patriotism cannot fail. Can
it be that the sun of our prosper ity must go down
ere it has reached the meridian of its splendor, and
set forever in darkness and night? It cannot be.
The right .arm that directed the blow of patriot-
ism in the early days of the Republic, and caused
a great and powerful nation to rise from weak
colonies m so short a period of time, will protect,
save, and direct us now in the hour of our sorrow
and peril, if we are true to ourselves and the right.
All the great purposes of progress, civilization,
and Christianity cluster around our land, and are
involved m its destiny, and the hopes of humanity
and constitutional liberty rest upon the solution of
this great question of the hour. I have hope in
the result. Und^rall this field of struggle lies a
great moral question, involving the hopes of lib-
erty and all that is to be admired in good Chris-
tian government, and over it all hangs the sword
of the Almighty, protecting and saving as it did
the tree of life. As the hour passes, let us do our
duty boldly and with refetence to the plain indi-
cations of Providence passing before us. Each
branch of the Government hasits sphere of action
and its duty to perform. The adoption of the
measure under discussion is clearly our duty, as
it is our constitutional right; the interests of our
soldiers, the country, and humanity demand it of
us. The country will hold us responsible for
our positions and action upon it, as it will the
other departments of Government for theiruction
in giving it faithful execution if n becomes a law.
Sir, I am ready to go as far as any one in the
use of means to put down this rebellion. I am
ready to assume any responsibility, and provide
any amount of means to secure this end. What
circumstances may demand of us in the future, I
