1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
 
I wish to inquire whether he expects to pass the
bill
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. WADE. Then I only wish to say that
my experience is that you will get no nearer to it
by sitting late until you come to the night when
it is to be passed. You do not approximate to it
at all unless you are going to sit it out entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am much obliged to the
Senator for his suggestion. His experience has
been greater than mine. I was saying, sir, that
I deemed it important to the public interests that
the bill should be finished this week. By acci-
dent I happen to know a great deal more about
the details of the bill, and what is to rome, and
what we have got to do before we get through
with it, than the Senator from Ohio. 1 know there
is a groat deal yet to be done upon the bill, and
I feared that unless we are willing to work a few
hours longer than we shall to-day, we should not
be able to get through with it to-morrow. This
question that has just been started might as well
be settled this evening, and some others. I knew
they must comc and would take time; there
would be more or less debate; we should have it
to-day, or must have it to-morrow. Now, I do
not wish to be considered as unreasonably press-
ing anything upon the Senate.
\ have no intcrestin it more than anybodyelse,
and I assure the Senate that they may well be-
lieve that what I have urged has not been urged
with a view to my own convenience or my own
comfort, for I am sacrificing it every moment, but
for what I believe to be the interests of the coun-
try and the necessities of the public service. That
must be my apology for asking the Senate to wait
a while longer. The bill is in the hands of the
Senate, and I am, and of course I shall submit to
whatever the majority deem to bo best.
I agree with tlie honorable Senator from Illinois
that u is perfectly useless now to attempt to send
for absent members. I called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn in order that it
might appear who was absent and whether we
had a quorum. It appears we have not. Nothing
can be gained, I am perfectly satisfied, by staying
here any longer to-night. It will be the same to-
monow; it wiM be the same on Monday; it will
be the same on Tuesday, and so on; and why?
Heretofore, since I have been a member of the Sen-
ate, when another party was in the majority here,
they took control of their business and stood by
those whom they had appointed to conduct pai-
ticular branches of business; they remained to do
the business when requested to do so. It seems
a different mode is now adopted. I shalvnotcon-
tend further about the matter, t can only say
that from and after to-day, as I am entirely over-
ruled, and have been repeatedly, not by votes of
the Senate but by gentlemen taking themselves
off and leaving us without a quorum, the bill is in
the hands of the Senate, and they can take charge
of it, and do what they think best.
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall never be able, I
believe, to close this session of Congress and trans-
act the public business without adopting the tiuc
constitutional rule in regard to the quorum. It is
impossible, in my judgment, to pass either the
confiscation bill or this tax bill while you require
thirty-five Senators in their seats to pass a bill;
and I give notice that to-morrow morning I shall
call up the resolution I submitted some time ago,
which the Committee on tiie Judiciary think is
too delicate a.subject for discussion, fixing the
constitutional quorum, which I believe is twenty-
five instead of thirty-five.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say one
word.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 11; and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE
Saturday, May 31, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE. I a k leave to present a memo-
rial to accompany the application for the afttiis-
sion of the State of West Virginia. I ask that it
may be printed and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to call up the
resolution in regard to a quorum.
Mr. CLA RK. There is no quorum here now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will pass it over for afew
minutes. 1 desire a vote on it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 476. It will save $15,000 ex-
pense to the Government. It will lead to no de-
bate, and will not take three minutes to pass. It
is a House bill unanimously reported by the Sen-
ate Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it too late to make a
report?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give way to allow
reports to be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to take a vote on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan, and I
hope it will be voted down. For three days I
have had a bill on my desk which I have tried to
get in. When I get the floor somebody takes it
from mo, or I am cut off by the half morning
hour.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have a resolution to
offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan, to post-
pone all prior orders and take up the bill indicated
by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires a
motion to postpone all prior orders. It is not now
in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. The resolution was objected
to yesterday, and laid over until to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Still, it does not
come up until resolutions arc received.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to dispense with the
orders of the day in order to take it up.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FltOJI COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was rcferied a resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Sumner on the 12th of December
last, directing them to inquire into the expediency
ofthe appointment of commissioners to levise the
public statutes of the United States, asked to be
discharged trom its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was leferred the bill (S. No. 174) to provide for
the revision and consolidation of the statutes of
the United States, reported it withoutamendment,
and with a recommendation that its consideration
be postponed until the first Monday of December
next.
It was so ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 335) to enable persons held to
service orlaborto establish theirrightto freedom,
under the provisions of the act approved August
G, 1SGJ, entitled "An act to confiscate property
umhI for insurrectionary purposes;" which was
read twice by its title, refened to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave tointroducea bill(S. No. 336)
to provide for fuiiher distribution of the public
documents; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
337) extending the time for carrying into effect
the provisions of the third section of the act en-
titled "An act relating to highways in the county
of Washington and District of Columbia," ap-
proved May 3, which was read twice-by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
CONFISCATION OF LANDS IN TEXAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to report a bill providing for confiscating the pub-
lic lands of the State of Texas to the Government of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would rather have
a full Senate. 11 is instructing the committee. I
will not insist upon its consideration now .
Mr. CARLILE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSES.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 1) to divide the State of Pennsyl-
vania into three judicial districts, and to establish
a district court to be holden in the city of Erie.
A bill (No. 490) to amend the act of Congress
approved June 22,1860, entitled i( An actio carry
into effect provisions of the treaties between the
United States, China, Japan, Siain, Persia, and
other countries, giving certain judicial powers to
ministers and consuls, or other functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other
purposes."
CONDUCT OF THE ADJUTANT GENERAL.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of five be raised to investi-
gate the official account of Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant Gen-
eral of tlie United States; and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
CLARK. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it lies over.
CREW OF TIIE VARUNA.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred ajoint
resolution to compensate the crew of the United
States steamer Varuna for clothing and other prop-
erty lost in the public service, to report the same
back with a recommendation that it pass, and I
am further instructed to ask for its present con-
sideration. It is just the same provision that we
have passed for every vessel that has been lost
under similar circumstances.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
No."85) to compensate the crew of the United
States steamer Varuna for clothing and other prop-
erty lost in the public service, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, in set-
tling: the accounts of the petty officers, seamen,
and others ofthe crew ofthe United States steamer
Vaiuna, which was sunk during the engagement
near New Orleans, on or about the 24th of April,
18G2, to credit each of them with the amount of
sixty dollars, to cover their losses of bedding,
clothing, and other property, occasioned by the
sinking of the steamer.
Mr. HALE. I want the attention of the Sen-
ate about a minute. This is a resolution making
exactly the same provision that we have made
in all cases where vessels have been lost under
circumstances similar to the Varuna, as the Cum-
berland and Congress have been. I desire fur-
ther to say that the various members of the com-
mittee are written to frequently by officers, and
asked why we do not make provision for officers.
The officers and sailors stand on a very different
footing. The subject of compensating officers for
similar losses is before the committee for consider-
ation, and they hope to be able to report a general
bill for officers before long.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third tune, and passed.
ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIVE TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a House bill to
allow the State of California an additional 'Repre-
sentative in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, have
directed me to report it back to the Senate with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it
pass; and as it relates to the House of Repiesent*
atives, and to the admission of a third membey
from the State of California, it is desirable that it
should be passed at once if at all. Under the cir-
