1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
Government; and it is hereby declared to be the duty of the
countrv to prosecute the war until the Constitution "hall
have been leatored over every State piofessing to have
seceded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have not
heretofore deemed it my duty to discuss any of
the pending propositions relating to slaves or sla-
very. It is a difficult question, the bane of Amer-
ican politics, the most troublesome subject that
has ever excited the attention of Congress. The
war lias thiown upon us the necessity of passing
a vaiiety of bills of the most important character,
the details of which it was necessary to carefully
consider. I have deemed it my duty to pay atten-
tion, so far as 1 could, to the details of those meas-
ures, avoiding all political discussion. But, sir, 1
am called upon to vote; and repiesentingaconstit-
ucncy of two millions and a half of people, who
have deep and abiding convictions upon the sub-
ject of shivery and its relations to the General Gov-
ernment, I probably should not do my duty to them
did I not seek some proper occasion to expiess my
views, and so far as I know the views of the great
body of the people of Ohio. I shall therefore take
this occasion to state as briefly and as distinctly
as I can my opinions upon the several propositions
pending in this body on the subject of slaves and
slavery. They are so intimately connected to-
gether that I may as well discuss the whole in dis-
cussing one.
The first practical question that comes before
us is the question of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. It is proposed to emancipate the slaves
of this Disti ict. Two years ago when the census
was taken, there were 11,107 free negroes, 3,181
slaves, and 60,788 white people in this Distiict.
Since that time I am informed by very credible
authority that the number of free negroes has been
increased to something like fifteen thousand—
some of them brought from the States as servants
by officers of the Army; some of them belonging
to that class of persons known as " contrabands,"
running away from disloyal masters m Virginia
and Maryland, and seeking safety in our lines,
and finding employment in this District, and pi ob-
ably some coming here for temporary employ-
ment; so that I am told from very credible author-
ity that the number of free negroes now in this
District is about fifteen thousand.
I am also informed by equally credible author-
ity that the number of the skives in the District
now is less than fifteen hundred. Many of the
most heal thy, active, valuable slaves were removed
by their masters before the difficulties occurred;
some have been removed since. Many of those
that were hired here by masters living in Virginia
and Maryland, have been taken away, and have
either gone South or leturned to their homes. The
number of slaves in this District probably does
not now exceed fifteen hundred, and may not be
over one thousand. It is apparent, therefore, that
this question is an unimportant one, if we look
only to the number of persons affected by it. To
add one thousand to the number of free negroes in
this District is a matter of very small importance;
and to take from the owners of these one thou-
sand negroes their propei ty, is also a matter of
less importance, as the bill provides ample com-
pensation and remuneration. It is obvious, there-
fore, that the chief importance attached to the
measure is that it involves the idea of emancipa-
tion. It is for this reason that it has excited the
hostility of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Da-
vis,] and the opposition of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Carlile,] and no doubt would excite
the opposition of the great body of Senatois from
slavehoiding States, if here to apeak.
The first question that we should discuss is to
satisfy ourselvesof the powcrofCongress toabol-
ish slavery in this District. I feel the force of the
appeal made by the Senator from Kentucky to the
free States: thatnow, when our power is absolute,
when the slave States are not represented here, we
should not use any unconstitutional means to abol-
ish or interfere with slavery. "We should be care-
ful not to exercise any authority over the subject
of slavery that is not clearly delegated to us by the
Constitution. I admit, also, that this is not one
of those high measures that a Government may
resoit to for its own preservation. The freedom
or slave i y of a thousand or fifteen hundred negroes
in this District is not a measure of that high ne-
cessity which would justify us in usurping doubt-
ful powers. But, sir, if I am correct in my view,
the abolition of slavery in this District is a simple
municipal regulation, cleaily delegated to the Con-
gress of the United States by the Constitution,
and embraced by the same clause of that instru-
ment which authorizes us to open roads, to build
poor-houses, to construct jails, or do any other
legislative act in this District. The Constitution
fortunately is plain and clear upon the subject,
and that 1 may have it upon the record, I wih read
the clause to which I refer:
" Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legis-
lation in all whatsoever ovet such di^tnct as may by
cession of paitieular States and the acceptance of Oonjirp*8?
become the seat of the Government of the United State-*."
Here the power is given to Congress to exercise
exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever. The
words " in all cases whatsoever " might have been
stricken out,and still the language is plain enough.
The framers of the Constitution very rarely used
surplusage, and the fact that they did in this case
shows clearly that they intended to confer upon
Congress all legislative power that could be exer-
cised either by a State government or by the na-
tional Government. When you look to the history
of this clause of the Constitution, you find the rea-
son for it. Even when the Constitution was framed
there was a struggle in the convention as to where
the scat of Government should be. One of the ob-
jections afterwards made against establishing the
seat of Government where we now stand was that,
it was establishing it in a slaveholding State. That
argument was obviated by showing that Congress
might at any time, at Us own discretion, remove
the institution of slavery, and make the laws of
the District conform to the wishes and the will of
the great body of the people of the United States
in that respect.
Congress has power to exercise exclusive legis-
lation. If the argument of the Senator from Ken-
tucky is true, slavery never could be abolished in
this District in ail time to come. Maryland might
abolish slavery, Virginia might abolish slavery,
all the States might abolish slavery, and yet heie
it would stand as a perpetual monument beyond
the reach of any legislative power; because it Con-
gress has not this power then nobody can have it.
The people of this District have no political power
exceptsuch as is given to them by the Congress of
the United States. They have their personal rights
secured to them by the bill of rights; but they have
no political power whatever except what you
choose to give to them for municipal purposes.
The argument is absurd. The power is plain. I
might suppoit my opinion by the opinions of
such eminent statesmen as Hem y Clay, Daniel
Webster, and many others. 1 behove, until Mr.
Calhoun doubted or denied the power, it never was
doubted.
The next question for us to consider iswhethcr
this is the time for emancipation'' I think it is
eminently the lime, and the reasons aie as ob-
vious as the power. There are now very few
slaves in this District, fewer than theie have been
at any time within the last foity years. There
are fewer now than there will be one year hence,
unless you abolish slavery here, because after the
rebellion is subdued, after things are quieted, if
slavery is not prohibited in this District, slaves
will again be brought here in competition with
the free negroes and the free whites of the Dis-
trict. There are fewer now than there have been
in the past, and fewer than there are likely to be
m the future. That is an argument which ought
to induce even the Senator from Kentucky to
favor emancipation now, as it will operate on
comparatively few persons.
Another reason is, that many of the owners of
these slaves are disloyal, traitors; many of them
have gone off, and are now in the army of the
confederate States; and thereisat this timeamong
the class of slaveholders a very strong and power-
ful sympathy with the men who arc in rebellion
against this Government. The social influence
of this city, controlled in a great measure by the
owneis of slaves, has always been against the
Government of the United States. Ever since I
have had the honor of a stat m either House of
Congress any one could feel it. The social influ-
ence, the mfluenceof social position, and of wealth
and property, controlled and owned, in a great
measure, by slaveholding residents here, has al-
ways been against the Grovemment of the United
States, and is now,in favor ofthisrebellion. This
bill operates upon them, and I am very glad that
it does.
Another reason is,thatas3ong as slavery exists
in this District it will be a constant source of an-
noyance and irritation; we shall have constant
excitement and agitation about it. The great
mass of the people of this country are opposed to
slavery—morally, socially, politically. They feel
that it is wrong, and they cannot change their
opinion. As long as slavery exists in this Dis-
trict, where they have the power to abolish it,
agitationand cxcitement will be ccaseless. This
is a potent reason why now, when many of the
owners of these slaves are disloyal, when the num-
ber of the slaves is few, we should make the in-
stitutions of this District conform to the moral
sentiment of the great mass of our people. AH
the people of the noithern States, I may say, are
opposed to this institution theoretically, and very
many of the most intelligent people of the south-
ern States. Now is the time when this moral con-
viction should be heard and heeded by the national
Legislature.
There is another reason. We are the legisla-
tors fortius District, we are bound to consult the
material interests of the people of the District.
Emancipation will add to the value of the prop-
erty of the people of the District, and will also
add to the population of this city. As a legislator
framing a mere municipal act of incorporation for
this city, I would abolish slavery simply for its
effect upon property. The abolition of slavery
m this District will bring here active, intelligent
mechanics and laboring men, who never will com-
pete with the labor of slaves, and who, finding
none here but fiee men, will develop the gr«'atad-
vantages of this city. I see no reason why Wash-
ington, with a free population and as a free city,
situated here at the head of the Potomac, with re-
markable facilities of navigation, with great con-
veniencesof communication,reachingtothe West
by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, the political
capital of the country, might not be a great free
city, illustrating by its progress the operation of
five institutions. But, sir, it can only be done by
the active, interested labor of fiee people. Simply
as a municipal regulation it would be wise to abol-
ish slavery m this District, because slavery is op-
posed to the moral convictions of the great mass
of the people of this country, and the existence
of slavery here keeps out of this District an act-
ive, loyal, true, manly, generous body of Idbor-
eis, who will never compete in their labor with the
labor of slaves.
There is still another reason. This is the best
place to try the experiment of emancipation. I
have always thought since I could reason on this
subject, that the law of God proclaimed emanci-
pation as the ultimate end of this question. Here
we have the power to try the experiment. Let us
try it. I would not interfere with the rightofthe
Stales over this subject in the slightest degree; but
1 have no doubt that the slave States, as i shall
show you heieaftcr, will after a while follow the
example of the Government of the United States,
or rather the example of Pennsylvania and the
other States that have abolished slavery; but we
cannot expect the slave States to follow in the
cause of emancipation, or even look to their doing
it until we, the legislators of this District, shall
set the example ourselves.
This is a good place to begin emancipation for
another reason. This is a very paradise for free
negroes. Here they enjoy more social equality
than they do anywhere else. In the State where
I live, we do not like negroes. We do not dis-
guise our dislike. As my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Wright] said yesterday, the whole people of the
northwestern States are, for reasons, whether cor-
rect or not, opposed to having many negroes
among them, and that principle or prejudice has
been ingrafted in the legislation of neaily all the
noi thwestern States. Here there is but little pre .
judice against them, and that class of people who
"arc hated and spurned all over the country North
and South, have a better opportunity to develop
their capacity for freedom than anywhere else in
the United States. Here they peiform many of
the duties necessary to be performed in all civilized
society, lirrc they are the laborers, the hack-
men , the servants, and do a great deal of good, and
are of great service. 1 have never examined the
