mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
criminal statistics here; but so far as my observa-
tion has gone, I feel bound to say that the free
negroes of this District have behaved themselves
■veVy well. They are useful, |ood citizens, all of
them, so far as I know, loyal, faithful, and willing
ami ready to do the duties that devolve on them m
their callings and business. I am willing to give
the free negroes hero the highest possible develop-
ment. Here they do not interfere with the pecu-
liar prejudices that will always mark them as a
degraded caste in other communities. In States
they must always be held on a lower level. Here
they have rights, and those rights are respected
more than in any portion of the United States.
I am willing to give them the advantage of their
position.
Mr. President, until within the last year or two
if the question had been put to me, are you in favor
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia? I should have answered, and perhaps did
answer in the other House, that 1 was opposed to
it for the present. And why? Becausc I believed
that the abolition of slavery here would be inju-
rious to Maryland, and that as this territory was
received from Maryland as a free gift for the seat
of Government,! thought we ought not to interfere
with slavery in this District without the consent
of Maryland. But, sir, it seems to me the course
of events has changed that position. Maryland
herself, as her Senator has proclaimed upon this
floor, must look to emancipation. It is a matter
of social necessity. She will look to emancipa-
tion; and if she adopts the policy of emancipation,
with or without the aid of the General Govern-
ment, I have no doubt the resources of Maryland
will be largely increased. I know that there is a
strong disposition in Maryland to try the experi-
ment of emancipation. I believe it would be for
their interest to try it. I do not think that the ad-
dition of a small number to the free negroes of this
Districtand the relieving of a few slaves from their
bondage can operate injuriously to the State of
Maryland, and therefore I feel relieved ftom all
obligation to respect the wishes of the people of
Maryland exclusively on this matter, but to take
a broader view of the subject, and look at its effect
throughout the Uniied States.
If the State of Maryland will but try the experi-
ment that has been tried in other States, they will
find the benefits of this policy of emancipation.
There was in the State of Ohio a very laige por-
tion of the State set aside for Virginians, called
the Virginia Military District. Nearly all of the
people of that portion of the State of Ohio are the
descendants of Virginians. They have gone there
with their slaves. 1 have often heard from the
earlier settlers of Ohio about large families from
Virginia and Maryland coming to the State to set-
tle on the lands granted to them for services in
the revolutionary war, and bringing their slaves
with them. Their slaves became free under the
operation of the laws of Ohio. They have settled
upon their lands, divided according to the laws of
Virginia, and the lands are worth threefold what
they would have been if they had held the negiocs
still as slaves. That part of Ohio is now among
the most intelligent, enlightened, and enterprising
portions of the State, rich in all resources. 11 em-
braces the Sciota valley and some of the very best
lands in ourState,held under Virginia titles, under
Virginia laws. Some of the negroes carried by
Virginians into Ohio are still there, entitled to the
rights of freedom. I believe that if Maryland and
Virginia this day would proclaim emancipation by
some gradual system that would not break too
much on the prejudices of their people the mere
value of their lands would be enhanced twice the
amount of ail the nominal value of their slaves.
These reasons are sufficient to induce me to
vote for any bill providing for the abolition of
slavery in this District.
The question now occurs, what is the best mode
of emancipation ? If the duty had been imposed
upon me to frame a bill for the abolition of slavery
in this District, I should have provided for a
gradual emancipation. I should have taken that
famous law of the State of Pennsylvania referred
to yesterday, framed by Franklin and a commit-
tee of his associates. I should have declared that
all children born after the 12th day of April, 186!
—the day when the rebels fired upon the flay; at
Fort Sumter—should be free. -1 would establish
it as a permanent rccord on the statute-books of
my country that the first sound of the cannon
against the flag of our country was the signal of
the emancipation of the slaves in this District. I
think there would have been a poetic justice in it.
Then I should have provided by some general
provisions similar to the statute of Pennsylvania
for the guardianship and apprenticeship of minor
children, and also for the liberation of slaves who
are now under the age of twenty-one, when they
arrive at the age of twenty-eight, or some provis-
ion of thatkind. 1 would have given no compen-
sation, because, as the legislative power of this
District, we have the right to make this system
of gradual emancipation without compensation.
It was not granted by any of the States; and I
think whenever you have a precedent to follow,
it is always safer and wiser to follow that prece-
dent.
If the Senator from Indiana could so modify his
bill as to meet the condition of the times in this
District, I would vote for it as an amendment.
The bill introduced by him is imperfect. I have
read it with great care. It was written some fif-
teen years ago, and intended for a different state
of facts from what exist now. He will see him-
self, if he examines it carefully, that it would not
do to pass his bill without modification. But
whether that proposition is adopted by the Senate
or not, I am willing to vote for any other measure
which will emancipate the slaves in this District,
and provide a reasonable and limited compensa-
tion to the owners.
The objections to gradual emancipation ought
not to be overlooked, although they are not in-
superable. One objection is, that it would con-
tinue the agitation of this question for a short
time. It probably might induce efforts to repeal
or modify the law before it took effect on all the
slaves in the District. It would be difficult to
guard against evasions of the law. The children
now growing up, a few years hence might be
smuggled outof the District, and it would be very
difficult to follow them and trace them, or enable
them to assert their freedom. There would be
no inducement in that case to the owners to edu-
cate them. There would be no legal guardians
for their children. Their mothers being slaves,
as a matter of course, they could not have legal
guardians, unless you should make the masters
their guaidians; and then there would be no in-
ducement for the masteis to educate them. These
are practical objections against gradual emanci-
pation; but still, as 1 said befoie, if I weie fram-
ing a bill, I would provide for gradual instead of
immediate emancipation, and without compensa-
tion.
A proposition was made yesterday by the Sen-
ator ftom Virginia [Mr. Willey] to submit this
matter to the people. I think it would have been
unwise to have adopted that suggestion. The
people m this District are now in a chrysalis
state; they are changing. You could not submit
this question to the people without at once bring-
ing up the question of suffrage. Who shall vote
upon the proposition? Shall those residents who
have come here within the last six months, in
view of the present difficulties, vote?
Mr. WILLEY. The amendment provided
who should vote—all over twenty-one years of
age, who had been residents of the city for one
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then thatwould have been
clearly unjust. You limit the right of suffrage to
the people who have been residing here one year.
How many of them aie theie? How many of
them are directly interested in the question on
which they would be called to vote? How many
of them would be the owners of slaves, or the rel-
atives of the owners of slaves ? You do not allow
a man to sit upon a jury who is interested to the
amount of one cent m the matter in controversy.
You do not allow a man to sit as judge who has
a relative a party m a suit. And' yet nearly all
those who have been here one year are either in-
terested in slaves themselves or have relatives
who are inteiested in slaves. Besides, if you sub-
mitted this question to the people, you would stir
up strife and contention in this District. I think
it would be far better for us to take the responsi-
bility. The Constitution invests in Congress the
exclusive power over this subject, and, for one, I
am not willing to transfer that responsibility to
the people of the District, but would rather take
it myself than submit it to the people, and thereby
create contention and strife among them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio will suspend his remarks. It is incum-
bent on the Chair, at this time, under the rules,
the morning hour having expired, to call up the
special order of the day, which is the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this is germane to the
same question, I trust the Senator from Ohio will
be permitted to go on with his remarks. It does
not delay the District bill. He is speaking upon
the other question. I move that the special order
be laid aside informally, until the Senator from
Ohio concludes his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If that be the
sense of the Senate, the special order will be post-
poned for the time being.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read carefully all the
bills on this subject, and I will state frankly to the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] one or two
objections that occurred to me in regard to his bill,
thatratherinduced meto think thatthe bill framed
by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
was the preferable one. The bill of the Senator
from Maine does not define loyalty, or did not
when I read it some days ago. Perhaps he has
modified it in that particular. It did not suffi-
ciently define loyalty, a word of such various
meaning that I think it ought not to be adopted in
a statute with out a definition limiting and confining
the meaning. Perhaps that has been modified. 1
think it was, yesterday, to some extent.
Mr. MORRILL. You will find the terms used
in the two bills are equivalent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Another objection to the bill
is, that it establishes new courts. It establishes a
court of commissioners, when, in my judgment,
the Court of Claims is the very tribunal, of all
others, to try the question. I am willing to trust
this matter to the Court of Claims, thus saving
the creation of u new tribunal. I can see no rea-
son for the appointment of commissioners, whom
wp do not know in advance, who are not officers
of the Government, but who have to be made offi-
cers of the Government, at a considerable addi-
tional expense. I, therefore, think it would be
much wiser to leave this question of the assess-
ment of compensation to the Court of Claims, a
court already constituted for the investigation of
this class of business.
Theie is another objection to the bill of the Sen-
ator from Maine which I hope will be obviated;
and that is, it does not provide for colonization.
If it is our duty to emancipate these slaves, it is
equally our duty to give the negroes of this Dis-
trict, and, indeed, of the whole country, the right
of choice whether they will live here in a land
where they will always be held as a subordinate
race, or try the experiment of freedom in another
and a more favorable clime. I think it is a just
and politic idea that if we, as a nation, owe these
people freedom, we also owe them a further ob-
ligation to allow them to develop their freedom
and their capacity to govern themselves in a coun-
try where they will not be met at every step with
caste and prejudice, hate and contumely; where
they can exercise no political rights; where they
cannot vote; where they cannot serve as jurors;
where they cannot exercise any of the rights of
freemen. When you give negroes freedom in this
country you give them freedom stripped of every-
thing but the name. You make them freemen
without the right to govein themselves. There-
fore, sir, I hold that in this bill, and in every bill
which looks to emancipation, there ought to he
some provision which will enable any peison
affected by it to seek freedom elsewhere, where he
may have all the benefits of free society of his own
color, of his own kind; where he will not have to
meet the prejudices of caste all the days of his life.
Although the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] was voted down by
a tie vote, I yet hope that he will see that that
provision is ingrafted in the bill, and then I shall
vote for it much more readily.
Mr. President, I have now said all I designed
to say on the subject of slavery m this District;
and if I were speaking alone to that bill I might
here end my remarks. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] sees in this bill a disposition
in Congress to interfere with slavery in the States.
He thinks this is an entering wedge, a part of a
