470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A biiJ (No. 243) providing for the appointment
of light-house inspectors—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 247) for the relief of William Y.
Strong—to the Committee on Public Lands.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. BRIGHT.
The hour fixed for the special order having
arrived, the Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution submitted by Mr. Wilk-
inson, on the 16th of December last, and which
had been reported adversely from the Committee
on the Judiciary;
Whereas Hon. Jesse D. Bright heretofore, on the 1st
day of March, 1863, wrote a letter, of which the following
is a copy:
Washington, March 1,1861.
My Dear Sir: Allow mo to introduce to your acquaint-
ance my friend Thomas B. Lincoln, of Texas, fie visits
\ our capital mainly to dispose of what he regards a great
unp'ovf.ment in fire-arms. I recommend hun to youi fa-
voiable consideration a-> a gentleman of the fiibt respecta-
bility, and reliable in every lcbpect.
Vciy truly, vouis, JESSE D. BRIGHT.
To His Excellency Jefferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of States.
And whereas we believe the said letter is cvidcnce oT
disloyalty to the United States, and is calculated to give
aid and comfoit to the public enemies: Therefore,
Be U resolved, That the said Jesse D. Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate of ihe United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the reaolution
before the Senate the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ie entitled to the~f]oor.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Cowan,] who made the report in this
case, has expressed to me his desire to speak this
morning on the resolution. I yield the floor to
him with ihe assent of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
malco a personal explanation?
Mr. COWAN. Ceitainly.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend, the Senator from
Iown, [Mr. Harlan,] yesterday made a statement
of fact very innocently, while I was a few min-
utes absent from the liull, in relation to a law of
the Slate of Kentucky which he said made it a
felony to teach the slaves to read. My friend
was totally mistaken. There never was any such
law as that in the Slate; on the contrary, for the
last forty years there have been Sunday schools
in our principal towns and villages thai have taught
the slaves to read. I will mention a few facts in
regard to my own course, although it ix not in
good taste to do so; yet, as 1 referred to my own
domestic relations, 1 will make tins statement.
My own servants as they are born are baptized
according to the rites of the church (o which my
family belongs; as they die, they are buried with
the formula of the same church; as my female
slaves marry, they are given in marriage just as
white persons arc precisely; for the last forty
yeais tnere has been a school, not one school, but
tour or five schools in the village in which I live,
Sunday schools that have regularly taught slaves
to read. My slaves read; all go to the Sunday
schools who choose. I will remark, too, in jus-
tice to this habit of the South, that Mr. Rhett
himself, who owned about four or five hundred
slaves, built a church for their religious education,
and he employed a pieacher specially to give them
religious instruction; and that is a \ery common
case with southern planters.
In relation to another point, if the Senate will
indulge me a single moment, in stating the causes
which had led to this rebellion, I omitted one of the
principal ones, which I will state in a single word.
It is the division of churches into churches North
and South. That purity and holiness which
prompted persons in the free States, professing the
same faith, and organized under the same church
government and the same discipline or creed, to
separate themselves from their brethren of the
South, because their brethren of the South owned
slaves, in my opinion has done more to prepare
the public mind for this revolution in the southern
and northern States than all other causes put to-
gether. It is due in a large degree to the agitation
of the subject of slavery North and South by ex-
treme men. They have agitated it for the same
end—thedtssolutionof the Union, Their ultimate
purposes were different; but the machinery by
which their purposes were to be accomplished was
the dissolution of the Union. Extreme men South
and extreme men North have concurred m adopt-
ing the same means for the purpose of bringing
about the same end—the dissolution of the Union
—the one with the object of abolishing slavery
against the Constitution, and the other of erecting
a southern confederation.
In the course of my remarks yesterday I made
a mistake which I desire to correct. It was an
inadvertence. In speaking of the writ of habeas
corpus, I stated that the King of England had the
power to suspend that writ. That was a mistake.
He has no such power, and has not had since the
act of Charles II. Indeed the power had been dis-
puted occasionally ever since Magna Charta; but
by the act of Chai les II, and by the Bill of Rights
passed when William and Mary ascended the
British throne, and then by the Act of Settlement
when the house of Brunswick succeeded to the
throne, but especially by the act of Charles II, the
right to suspend the writ of habeas corpus was pro-
hibited by any powerless than that of Parliament.
At the same time, however, the right tb establish
martial law by proclamation is vested in and is ex-
ercised by the King of England, as 1 said in my
remarks. I thank the gentleman for his courtesy.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 also ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Pennsylvania for a few minutes.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not seen the printed
report of the remarks made by me yesterday, but
it was my intention to present the statement I then
made on thesubjectalluded to by theSenatorfrom
Kentucky, in the form of an interrogatory.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry I was not present,
or I might have answered it.
Mr. LIARLAN. This subject was discussed
in the Senate some years since, and when the same
general fact was alluded to that I alluded to yester-
day evening,several Senators rose in their places
anil replied as he has replied to-day, stating that
in their localities a custom prevailed permitting
Sabbath schools to be organized for the benefit of
slave children, and also that the owners of slaves
frequently, at their individual expense, erected
churches and employed ministers to lecture and
preach to their slaves. But it will be remembered
by the older members of the Senate, that on that
occasion a Senator from Virginia, not now a mem-
ber of this body, (Mr. Mason,) aro$c at his desk
and rebuked those Senators, and said, substan-
tially, that whatever local customs might prevail
on that subject it could not be denied that it was
the policy of the slaveholding States to discourage
the education of the slave population. This dis-
cussion grew out of a proposition offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] to
ani-md a bill for the organization of schools in this
District so as to admit to the public schools, or
separate schools organized for their especial ben-
efit,the children of free colored people residing in
tins District, and during the discussion which arose
on that amendment the Senator from Virginia made
the general statement, without contradiction from
any quarter, which 1 have repeated.
1 think, sir, it is true that, without the sanction
of law, the clnldten of slaves are sometimes taught
by their masters to read; we are now infoimed that
this is certainly true in Kentucky, but I believe
they are never taught to write.
Mr. DAVIS. Sometimes to write.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator replies, in his
seat, sometimes to wiite. The general policy on
that subject, I think, can no longer be a question.
The reason of it is manifest: when you cultivate
the mind and the moral sensibilities of the man,
you disqualify him to be a slave. That is known
to the master as well as to all others. His sub-
serviency becomes less complete; his desire to
control himself and his own household becomes
strengthened; and although I am gratified that it
is true that the Senator himself sanctions the mar-
riage rites common to people who are not slaves
among the slave members of his own household,
I need not ask him if those relations are protected
by the laws of his own State; or if he has not the
legal right at any moment after the marriage con-
tract has been solemnized to sell the wife from the
bosom of her husband, or the husband from the
embrace of the wife, and thus sever this sacred
relation by an exercise of individual arbitrary
power? He says that he would not do so; that
he would not individually sanction a custom or an
act of this kind. I doubt not this is true; but it
only proves that his Christian education is supe-
rior to the institution which he is defending. The
law tolerates him in selling a slave, whether hus-
band, wife, or child.
Mr. President, if misfortune should overtake
him, as it has overtaken many good men like him-
self, and it should become necessary to transfer
his legal property to the officer of the law to sat-
isfy a creditor, I ask him,*in .that case, what
shield would his slave household have for the
protection of marriage relations, which as a Chris-
tian gentleman he now so carefullyguards among
his servants? What protection then would the
wife or the mother have ? Whatprotection would
the father have for the guardianship of his own
children? No more than the parent brute has over
his offspring. The custom that prevails with mul-
tiplied thousands of slaveholders, under the influ-
ence of Christianity, is doubtless in accordance
with the principles of justice and the laws of hu-
manity. And not being under the restraints of
law, if their individual character were the sub-
ject of inquiry, they would be entitled to as much
or more praise than those who do right under the
restraining influence of legal enactments. But this
is not the question for the statesman in examin-
ing the character of an institution seeking the
sanction and protection of law. The true ques-
tion for him is how will bad men act when clothed
with absolute power? What protection will the
humble, helpless, and dependent receive at their
hands? And, hence, how do bad men who own
slaves treat them ? And when their marriage and
other natural rights are violated and outraged,
does the slave code furnish for the slaves easy
and certain means of redress and protection £
But, sir, it was not any part of my purpose to
discuss the rightfulness or the wrongfulness, the
expediency or the inexpediency of slavery in Ken-
tucky or in any other State. The remarks made
by me which occasioned the Senator's criticism
had reference only to the rightfulness and the ex-
pediency of mustering into the service of the Uni-
ted States able-bodied men to defend the Consti-
tution and the laws without respect to color. I
maintained that the Government had the right to
the services of the slave man as much as to the son
of the free man under twenty-one years of age;
and if we sanction the policy of taking the chil-
dren of free white people under the age of twenty-
one years, and, regardless of the wishes of their
fathers, placing them in the armies of the United
States, you may take the slave of the slaveholder
and place him in the service of the Government
regardless of the wishes of the slaveholder. He
can have no stronger title to the services of his
slave than the father has to the services of his own
minor son.
I may add here, since it has become necessary
to make this explanation, that no wise nation on
earth has ever declined ttf do this. The British,
who are practically a very wise people, have every-
where mustered into their armies the native in-
habitants of ihe countries that they control. In
the West Indies, to which country the Senator
alluded yesterday, I need not tell him or the Sen-
ate or the country, there are whole regiments of
black soldiei s in the British army. I need not tell
him, or any one, that in the East Indies they have
mustered into their army multiplied thousands of
the natives. In this they have only adopted the
policy of the ancient Romans, and every other
successful nation. I repeat, sir, it is madness for
this nation to decline to render itself invincible in
the rebel States by the adoption of this policy.
1 was not discussing, nor did I intend to dis-
cuss, the slavery question. This is not necessarily
involved in the adoption of the policy proposed.
The loyal slaveholder's right to the services of
his slave is not superior to the right of the Gov-
ernment: the rebel slaveholder has no title which
the Government may not disregard.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, before I attempt
j to recall the debate, which has in my judgment
' been a little vagrant, to the point in issue before
the Senate, 1 trust it will be proper that I should
make a few remarks personal to myself and to the
committee of which I have the honor to be a mem-
ber.
I may state, sir, that I have but a very slight
personal acquainfanco with the Senator from In-
diana, whose case is now on trial before the Sen-
