1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
ate. I have no political predilections in his favor,
having always, so far as I know, been directly
opposed to every belief and every dogma in poli-
tics to which he has been wedded.
I may also state that I am as much interested,
I presume, in the suppression of the rebellion
which now aiiitcts the country, as any other Sen-
ator upon tins iloor, and I would visit upon the
leaders of that rebellion, those who have fomented
it, a punishment as severe as anybody else. The
gibbets I should erect for them, if I could, should
creak in the winds of centuries as a perpetual
warning to all future generations of men, that the
happiness and prosperity of thirty millions of hu-
man beings were not lightly to be disturbed and
turned into a carnival of "fienus to gratify the selfish
ambition of any man or any class of men.
With these views, sir, I hope I shall beallowe4
to say that, although I do not hope to approach
this subject with all that dignity which is becom-
ing an American Senator, and with all that learn-
ing which is becoming a judge, I trust that! have
yet the impartiality of a juror.
Now, sir, what is this case ? I will read again
for the benefit of the Senate the gravamen of the
charge as it was submitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The honorable Senator fiom Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] ottered a preamble and
resolution, which contain the following:
Whereas Hon. Jesse D. Bright hcretofoic, on the 1st
day o[ Match, 1861, wrote a letter, of winch the following
is a copy :
Washington, March 1, 1861.
My Dear Sir : Allow me to intioduce to your acquaint-
ance my liiond Thunms B. Lincoln, ot Texas. lie visits
yout capital mainly to dispose of what he ie<raids a great
Improvement" in fire-aims. I lecommcnd him to your favor-
able consideration a gentleman of the first respectability,
and leluible in every respect.
Very uuly, youi*, JESSE D. RRTGflT.
To His Excellency Jffferson Davis,
President of the Confederation of Slates.
And wh^ieas we believe the paid letter ih evidence of
disloyalty to the United c)t«ite>, ami i* calculated to give aid
and eomioit to the public onemic-s: Tlieieiore,
Beit rcsolvcfl, That the said Jlsse D Bright is expelled
from his seat in the Senate ol the Lnited States.
That is the whole of it; and it remains for the
Senate, in a quasi judicial capacity, if not in an
entirely judicial one, to determine whether, upon
this letter, the Senator from Indiana has been
guilty of an offense which would warrant his ex-
pulsion from the floor of the Senate. That is the
simple question, and, as I think, we sit here as
judges on a trial*, not, it is true, fettered by judi-
cial rules and statutory enactments as to the defi-
nition ofthis offense; not to determine whether an
offense has been committed de jure exactly; but
"we must stiil be satisfied that an offense has been
committed m fact. I agree it is not necessary that
this offense should be set out upon the record in
a particular way so as to afford protection to the
honorable Senator from Indiana if he ia hereafter
charged with it: it is not necessary that it should
be proved by any particular species of pi oof, or
(if the phrase is allowable) by any quantum of
pioof; but still, nevertheless, tiie fact—whatever
it may be—which is involved in this charge, must
address itself to the belief of the members of tins
Senate precisely in the same manner, governed
by the same rules of the common law—which are
but the rules of common sense—as if they were
sitting in a jury box in oidci to determine upon
it theie.
I think, too, sir, that I feel the responsibility of
the position we now occupy, the solemnity of the
occasion, the magnitude of the charge, and the
effect of the penalty which is attached to it, in case
we should be of opinion against the Senator from
Indiana. But, sir, what is to be the effect of that
upon me? It is only to make me approach it the
more carefully; it is only to require that I should
be the better satisfied of the tiuth of the charge;
and that I should endeavor to guide myself, if
possible, by those rales which have been sanc-
tioned by the wisdom of ages, and which all men
will agree, I think, are the buhvaik, not only of
English, but of American liberty. 1 therefore ap-
proach this case giving to Mr. Bright the ben-
efit of the presumption of innocence. 1 should he
sorry to reverse the rule m the case of an Amer-
ican Senator which prevails in the case of the
humblest citizen of the land. I know no lcason
why this should be done. I know no reason w hy
it should be done in any case. Cleaily, if there
is one principle of our law sanctified above any
other, it is this: let him who makes the charge
sustain it by proof. There is and there can be no
other, and to adopt any other is to adopt what,
in my mind, would be a wicked absurdity.
What, then, Mr. President, is the charge con-
tained in this letter ? If there was any doubt about
it, those who prosecute the Senator from Indiana
upon this floor have removed that doubt. It
amounts to this: treason—treason in its worst as-
pect; neit hei more nor less; either treason or noth-
ing. There is no half-way place, there is no in-
termediate point at which you can stop between
the guilt of the Senator from Indiana upon this
evidence or his innocence. If there were, I sup-
pose Senators might stop there, might halt there,
and might ask themselves the question, whether
that thing which was mongrel, half innocencc,
half treason, half compounded of nothing and half
of the highest offense of which a man can be guilty,
would warrant expulsion. But the case, the'ar-
guments upon the case, and the views of those
who attempt to sustain the case against him, all
exclude that idea. He is either guilty of treason
or he is guilty of nothing.
I will endeavor to state as plainly and as fairly
as I can the giound of those who take the affirm-
ative of that position. They allege that on the
1st day of March last, the United States either
were at war, or that war was immediately immi-
nent with the confederate States, of which Jefferson
Davis was then the president; that Mr. Bright,
knowing that fact, and intending to aid and com-
fort and strengthen the confederated States and
Jefferson Davis, their president, in this war,
which either then was or was about to be inau-
gurated between the two, wrote a letter and sent it
with Mr. Thomas B. Lincoln, who was the owner
of, or had an improved fire-arm. Now, sir, if
that is the true state of the case, I say there is an
end of it; that is treason, treason in fact 
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
a moment?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator is so care-
ful in his statements, and so good a lawyer, that
he would not state a position of the other side with
a hairbreadth of inaccuracy. Now I do not my-
self understand that the statement is, that there
was war between Jefferson Davis and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, though I do not say
that that was not the case; but I understand the
statement to be, that Jefferson Davis and his con-
federates had levied war against the Government
of the United States, and were at that time engaged
in levying war against the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and, thus engaged, they were public,
open, unequivocal traitors.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, that is about
the way I understand the position of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts ; but several
Senators have addressed themselus to the Sen-
ate, and have attempted to give form and pro-
portion to this charge, and I think I stated them
fairly, when you take them altogether. They
allege that war either existed then between the
two paities, or was imminent, about to exist;
and that this letter was written for the purpose
of aiding, abetting, comforting, and strengthen-
ing the confederate Stat< s in that war. The view
of the honorable Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wilkinson,] who has trented this cliarge very
elaborately, and, indeed, I may say, viewing it
from his stand-point, very fairly, without throw-
ing away a word uselessly either to the right
hand or to the left, is, that although there was no
war existing at that time, yet that it, was very
imminent, and that the Senator from Indiana, in
his place, with his means of knowledge, must
have known that it would take place in a short
time. Now, sir, if that be true, and if Senators
can believe that that intention at the time this let-
ter was written existed in the heart of Mr. Bright
—that treasonable intent—then I say again he is
guilty of treason within theexactdefinition oftrea-
son (by which all who engage in it are principals)
under the Constitution of the United States; then
it becomes us to mquiie whether it is true
There is no difficulty as to the butdenof proof,
because the whole of it is contained in the paper
.submitted to the committee for their adjudication.
Still we are obliged to look at the circumstances
winch surrounded thf? writer of that letter at that
time in order to understand what his probable mo-
tives were in writing it. I think the first great
fact to be established in order to determine that
is, whether there was war, or about to be war, at
that time between the United States and the con-
federated States. And perhaps it may be well to
state here, in order that we may have a clear view '
of this mattei, that at that time there were per-
haps three or four several parties in (his country,
all of them with distinct creeds apd beliefs bearing
upon this question. There was a party in the
South who, although they admitted that individ-
ual men owed allegiance to the United States
which could not be broken, yet they alleged that
States as such in their sovereign capacities and
organizationshadanghtto secede from the Union,
(which they called a mere compact,) and go away
and form for themselves, peaceably and without
the right on the part of any one to prevent them,
a new government of their own choosing. The
people who believed that doctrine were called se-
cessionists, and they were the people who on the
1st of March and prior to that time had gone away
and formed a new government called the confed-
erated States.
There was another school of politicians, not
perhaps very large, but of considerable influence
then in the country, who denied this right even
of States to dissever the connection between them
and the United States; but they held that if they
did so, and did confederate themselves together
in a separate, distinct, independent government,
there was no authority under the Constitution on
the part of the Executive to coerce them and bring
them back into the Union, whether they would or
not. At the head of that school in the North was
Mr. Buchanan. That was the doctrine he pro-
claimed in his messages, and that was the doc-
trine, too, which was announced to the nation
through the medium of his Attorney General, the
chief law officer of the country.
There was another party, who, denying both
these premises, yet were of opinion that, under
the circumstances of the case, the rebellion having
been allowed to go along without check up to the
lstof March, and to consummate itself in the form-
ation ofthis confederate government, it were im-
politic to attempt to coerce it, and that it had bet-
ter be allowed to remain as it was without the
application of force, and trust to compromise and
conciliation to restore the States composing it back
to the Union.
Then there was another party to which I have
the honoi to belong, and which was about then to
assume the reins of Government, and endeavor, if
possible, to rescue the Government from the dif-
ficulties into which it had fallen, who believed that
secession was a heresy, that it was a virtual kind
of treason, and that the whole force of the nation
ought to be called into play in order to correct it
and to punish all those who indulged in it or at-
tempted to divide or distract the country by intro-
ducing any such doctrine into our politics.
Now, as I understand, Mr. President, on the 1st
of March, Mr. Bright belonged to that class of
men who fell within the third of these categories.
He was opposed to secession; he believed it to be
unconstitutional and wrong; he was opposed to the
theory of the President, that there was no power
under the Constitution to coerce, but he believed
coercion was impolitic; and that coercion, as he
has avowed since, if resolved upon and insisted
upon, instead of restoring harmony to the Union
would only widen the breach and prevent any fu-
ture reconciliation whatever.
Those were the circumstances of these parties
and of Mr. Bright on the 1st of March. Then
the question arises, was there war at that time*
Was war imminent at that time? There is another
thing that ought to be stated here. It will be ob-
served that the confederate States never desired
war. The confederate States, standing upon their
alleged constitutional right of secession, asserted
that after secession had taken place that within
the seceded States they were sovereign, and that
the troops of the United States Government and all
its emblems of authoiity should be immediately
withdrawn. If that was done, that was all they
asked; and, as I understand it, they further pro-
posed, "if in the distribution of the public property
we have more than our share we will account for
it, and 1<H this be done peaceably and without
war." That was their ground. At the same time
they avowed that if the Government troops wete
not withdrawn and the garrisons taken away, they
would resort to force to achieve that end, but n  
