472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
further; but that if that was done, they did not
desire any further collision with the Government
of the United States.- That was their position,
fairly stated, I think.
I may state further that at that time there was
assembled her,e a convention composed of dele-
gates from all the northern and western States,
and from those of the southern States which had
not joined in the rebellion, the border States; and
I tli'ink they were in session here upon the 1st
of March, endeavoring as well as they could to
find some medium of compromise by which this
great difficulty, which has culminated in a terrible
war, would be relieved. They were then in ses-
sion. Commissioners were here at that time, and
If I mistake not, they made their appearance here
upon the floor of the Senate. They were in ne-
gotiation even after that, in negotiation with the
administration of Mr. Lincoln, in order to have the
garrison withdrawn from Fort Pickens and Fort
Sumter, the only two places where these irritating
Causes of dissension and difficulty at that time re-
mained. They were here, I say, for that purpose.
Whether the Administration of Mr. Lincoln en-
tertained them directly, had interviews with them,
I know not. I have every reason to believe, how-
ever, that their mission was entertained indirectly
through the medium, perhaps, of a third person,
and that they continued here for, perhaps, over a
month after this letter of the 1st of March was
written.
A! 1 this becomes important to enable ua to under-
stand what idea was in the breast of Mr. Bright,
on the 1st of March, 1861, in regard to the con-
dition^ of the Union. Did he believe that that
rebellion had been successful, that it was consum-
mate by the formation of this confederate govern-
ment; that it was a government de facto, with a
president, with a cabinet, with a congress, and
with all the functionaries which ordinarily mark
and distinguish governments of that kind; and
did he believe that that would be acquiesced in ?
Was that his opinion? Was it his opinion that
it was better for the Government of the United
States to acquiesce in it at that time, and to trust
to the future to reconcile the differences; or did he
"believe that the United States Government would
not acquiesce in it, but would meet it with war?
That is the question. 1 only speak for myself;
and I may say here that 1 have no wish to influ-
ence the decision of any Senator in this Chamber
—no desiie on my part to move them either to
the right or the left a hair's breadth. I act for
myself according to the dictates of my own con-
science and my best judgment, and I desire all
other men to do so. But, sir, X ask again, what
did Mr. Bright believe at this moment? Consid-
ering the position of the man, his place, his ante-
cedents, his former connections which have been
alluded to as evidences of guilt, I say I think the
fair and charitable construction is, that he sup-
posed this rebellion was consummate by the for-
mation of that government; that the thing had
fone so far that it could not, ot would not now,
e attempted to be arrested by th-c forcc of the
United States Government, and that there would
be no war.
If that was so, wns lie justified in communi-
cating with the chief of that government? Why,
sir, being here at the time, 1 am free to say that
communication between the parties, the United
States and the confederate States, was as free and
as open as it is between this city and the northern
States now. People were going backwards and
forwards withoutletor hinderance, unless, indeed,
they were known to be Republicans. Then, 1
suppose, itwould have been somewhat dangerous,
as it has been for a long- while, for a man'of that
character to visit the southern States; but all other
people were in the habit of going to and fro just as
before. Telegrams were being sent continually
backwards and forwards; the mails were running
then into these States just as before, and for a long
while after; and I suppose that nobody, at that
time, belonging to that party to which Mr. Bright
has belonged for long, long years, had the most
remote conception that in addressing communi-
cations to people in the confederate States, they
were thereby committing treason, oraidin°- and
abetting and comforting treason. I think that is
the fair presumption; because if there was no war,
and if there was to be no war, then this commu-
nication was innocent enough.
But a very considerable stress has been laid
upon the subject of this letter, as strengthening, I
suppose, the idea that the original intent was trea-
son; that in contemplation of war, the bearer of
the letter was to famish to the confederate States
an improved fire-arm. Now, it will be observed,
Mr. President, that the Senator from Indiana, in
speaking of this fire-arm, gives no opinion upon
it himself. He does not allege that it is an im-
proved fire-arm, he does not allege that he has any
knowledge of it whatever; but he says Mr. Lin-
coln, the bearer of the letter, thinks it is an im-
proved fire-arm. Here it all comes back to the
original question. If there was no war, if there
was to be no war, then to recommend a man hav-
ing an improved fire-arm to the president of anew
republic was quite as innocent as to recommend
to him a new cotton-gin, or a new threshing ma-
chine, or a new anything else; because if that gov-
ernment was to be established, and if it was to
remain so without let or hinderance on the part of
the United States, of course inventors, people who
had improvements in the arts and sciences, had
a right to appeal to it for its patronage just the
same as they would to this Government.
It is alleged, however, that an offense was com-
mitted by Mr. Bright in addressing Jefferson
Davis as the "president of the confederation of
States." This maybe fair; I have no opinion
upon thatquestion; but, in my humble judgment,
I would not resort to it in any case of this kind.
It satisfies my mind of nothing, except that the
Senator from Indiana was adopting the forms of
the society in which he had been accustomed to
move. He was merely conforming to those rules,
I suppose, which had governed him in his public
life here for twenty years; and to address to-day
Jefferson Davis as president of the confederate
States admits nothing on the part of him who
docs it, any more than addressing a bishop as a
"right reverend "admits either the orthodoxy of
his creed or the regularity of his ordination, be-
cause you might be willing to do battle stoutly
with him on both if a question were made in that
direction.
Then, Mr. President, this question presents it-
self to mo as I have stated, exactly. If it be made
out that there was war, that Mr. Bright knew it,
and in writing this letter intended to aid the com-
mon enemy by putting into his hands an improved
fire-arm, or to give him comfort, or strengthen
him m any way, then I say he is guilty—guilty of
an offense which would not only expel him from
Ins seat here, but guilty of an offense which would
forfeit his life in a court of justice. But if, on the
other hand, therc,was no war; if war was not im-
minent for a long while after that; if he had no
intention in writing this letter except to favor a
friend, to give him the customary letter of intro-
duction, without meaning, or without having any
intent whatever, to help the confederate States, to
encourage or strengthen them; without having in
view, in fact, at the time ho wrote the letter that
there would be any collision with the United States,
then I say the charge is not made out. Whether
it be a folly or whether it be an indiscretion, I am
not here to say or defend. I would be perfectly
willing to agree that fronl the stand-point from
which I looked upon things at that time, it was a
great folly and a great indiscretion; but still I trust
and thinly I am impartial enough to suppose that
the Senator from Indiana might from his place
have seen things in a very different light, and I
would not agree to affix this stigma to him upon
that kind of doubtful testimony.
I would, say further, that I do not believe, I
should be "sorry to believe, that at anytime, even
now or hereafter, in the face of an excited pub-
he, in the frenzy of the hour, when every ele-
ment of the nation is angry and disturbed, that
we should yield for one moment a hair's breadth
to its dictation. We have been intrusted with
this power for the very reason that we are sup-
posed to be above all such influences. We are
supposed to be a tribunal, for the impeachment
and trial of the highest officers of the land and of
the highest crimes, above all things of that kind;
and I should be sorry, nay, exceedingly sorry, if
I thought a single Senator should depart from this
Chamber after this trial, because trial it is, and
not be able to lay his hand upon his heart and say
and specify distinctly the offense with which he
charged the Senator from Indiana. I should be
exceedingly sorry that one Senator should say, I
did it because he did so and so; another because
he did so and so; and another for some other rea-
son. If it does not stand out in sufficiently bold
relief; if it is not clear and distinct enough to us
one and all, and the same offense, then I think
the wiser plan would be to fall back upon that
rule of law which gives to the accused man every-
where the benefit of the doubt in his favor.
I may say, in addition, that were I to vote for
this resolution at all, I would vote for it for.what
is put into this charge, and for nothing else. I
would not, as the phrase is, convict the Senator
from Indiana upon general account. I would not
issue a roving commission which was to discover
the sins of his whole life, and bring up in array
against him here political offenses which he may
have, in the opinions of some men, committed
heretofore. I was sorry to hear it said that if
Mr. Bright, in the hour of the nation's calamity,
when its strength was about to be put forth, when
it was about to resort to force to manifest itself
and its sovereignty, refused to vote supplies, that
therefore he was guilty of an offense, and not
entitled to a seat upon this floor. Why, Mr.
President, that doctrine to me, I had almost said,
was shocking. I thinR I may say it is shocking.
Why, that is to abandon our prerogatives alto-
gether. That is to give away the very reins we
hold upon the executive branch of this Govern-
ment—the very check and restraint we have upon
it. If we are not allowed to vote against supplies
now, freely and just as we choose, according to
the dictates of our own consciences, we would not
be allowed to vote so at another time.
I agree that in a time of war this course of con-
duct is imprudent. It brings down upon a man
censure, animadversion, and very often, as is the
case here, misfortune; because, no matter how
this thing may be decided, it is still a misfortune
to the Senator from Indiana. When the country
is at peace; when a majority can carry on the
Government, then a minority may be as factious
as it chooses. It may criticise the acts of the
Administration; it may oppose them violently;
but when the nation decides upon war, and when
it becomes necessary that the united action of the
nation be invoked for carrying on that war, then
the nation, whether justly or unjustly, will not tol-
erate the same freedom of criticism and the same
amount of resistance to the Administration as be-
fore. Still, sir, by the theory of this Government,
however much that might influence a prudent
man in his decision, it is not binding and obliga-
tory upon any man who does not choose to adopt
it. He has a right to make his resistance as be-
fore to measures which he believes to be wrong,
although the voice of the nation might decide
them to be right—he has a right, I say, to resist
them as before, and take the consequences.
I have said this much, Mr. President, in justi-
fication of my action and the action of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I joined in that report
most heartily, because taking all the circumstances
which surrounded the writing of that letterinto the
account, taking; the letter itself into account, I did
not believe that it was accompanied with that intent
which gives character to the offense, and makes
it, as I say, either treason or nothing. I might
remark, too, from the very letter itself, the phrase
in which it is couched, the form in which it is put,
excludes, to my mind conclusively, the idea that it
was written by a man with treasonable purpose.
It is just such a letter as we write here daily to'
an executive officer, to a Cabinet officer, introduc-
ing a friend. If treason had dictated it, if that
foul intent had moved the hand that penned it, it
would have been in different phrase and in differ-
ent style. Itwould have manifested the intentof
the writer to achieve his purpose. It would have
given at least some clue to his innermost thought
in writing it; none of which are to be found here.
What further corroborates this view of it, Mr.
Lincoln himself, instead of carrying the letter to
Jefferson Davis, so far as we know anything about
it, never went to the confederate States at all. He
put it in his pocket, I suppose, intending if he
ever went there in an emergency to use it, and if
not, it would not make any difference. It was
found in bis pocket along with other letters, some
from Mr. Bright recommending him to function-
aries of this Government in the same way and in
very much the same phrase. Therefore I say
that, under all these circumstances, with this view
of the case, I, with the majority of my fellow-
members of the committee, were unable to say
