2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. "We have
passed a bill reducing the number of cavalry regi-
ments, and it is yet in the House of Representa-
tives unacted upon. We supposed they would
act upon it, but they have not done so. We have,
I believe, five or six military bills in that House
which have not been acted uport, and some of
which we think contain very important provis-
ions. Some of them, I thinlc, would save millions
of dollars if they were passed; but they are not
througlfyet. I suppose they-will be soon.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the question I
desire to ask. If it is not already accomplished,
I desire to submit an amendment that the propor-
tion of cavalry, infantry, and artillery shall be the
proportion fixed by the act of July 22,1861. The
Secretary of War last summer, in violation of
law, raised a much larger proportion of cavalry
than the law allowed, even upon his own con-
struction of it; and I think now we might as well
take this opportunity to keep the proportions cor-
rect. There is more cavalry than is necessary in
the service. The object can be accomplished by
a simple proviso here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It may have
a tendency perhaps to get up a difference between
the two Houses on that question, and defeat this
bill. I think we shall get the bill through promptly
if we keep it unincumbered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to embarrass
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
can put the limitation the Senator desires on some
other bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that we shall
never get rid of these cavalry regiments which
have not been of any service.
Mr. GRIMES. They are getting rid of them
very fust.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I aslt my honorable friend
from Massachusetts if he expects to pass the bill
this morning? There are only five minutes left of
the morning hour. So many amendments are be-
ing offered that I think it impossible for liim to
get the bill through this morning. I should like
to call up what is a privileged mutter, a bill lying
on the table which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with amendments. If
the Senator supposes he can get this bill passed
this morning I shall not interpose, but it seems to
me he cannot.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
bill will be passed this morning. 1 certainly be-
lieve we ought to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Illinois will be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Trumbull's amend-
ment, which is to add to the bill as a new section:
*/lnd be it further cnactctl, That the number of major
general* and brigadier generals of volunteers appointed and
to be appointed under any and all lawsauthorizing appoint-
ment of such ulfieet-f., hliall not exceed thirty major gen-
erals and two hundred Imgi^Jier generals; and the act of
August 5, 1801, entitled u An act supplementary to an act
4 to increase the present military establishment ot the United
States,' approved July 29,1861," be and the same is hereby
repealed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is a new amendment
and a pretty important one as to major generals
and brigadier generals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will explain it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is very plain. We all
heard it. It is that there shall not be more than
thirty major generals and two hundred brigadier
generals."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senate
has passed a bill limiting the number of generals.
It is in the House of Representatives, and I am
told there that they will not pass the bill. To put
it on this bill, therefore, will defeat what is a good
object, and a simple thing. Here is a matter of
limitation, and the object is to fill up the ranks,
and to fill them up now. I do hope this amend-
ment will not be pressed by the Senator from
Illinois, but that we shall pass the bill at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two provisions
in the amendment. One is a limitation of the
number of major generals and brigadier generals,
and the other is a repeal of the act authorizing
the appointment of additional aids. The Senate
has expressed its opinion upon both these ques-
tionsbefore; butthe bills arenotacted upon in the"
House of Representatives. The Senator tells us
the House of Representatives will not pass the
bill limiting the number of general officers. I do
not know whether they will or not. So far as I
have seen by the newspapers, it seems to be easy
enough to get a bill through that is to increase the
expenses of the Government and to multiply these
officers. That must go through without any lim-
itation, and then the limitation cannot be passed,
or action cannot be had on it. Now, sir, I desire
the limitation to go along with the bill. With this
bill, that authorizes two hundred thousand more
men to be raised, I wish a limitation upon the num-
ber of aids and of generals that are to be appointed.
Why, sir, what have we heard in this Senate, from
time to time, from gentlemen who have investi-
gated this matter—that aids are being appointed
of high rank, and supernumeraries. I desire that
there shall be a limit upon tiiat, and if the House
of Representatives will not agree to limiting the
number of aids, and the number of general offi-
cers, and if we are to go on increasing this ad in-
finitum, it will be a question for the consideration
of the Senate whether we shall go on multiplying
the number of men in this way. I desire some
limitation upon this law of August 5,1861, in re-
gard to the aidsthatare to beappointed, and I de-
sire it to go along with this bill; and I think, when
the House come to act upon the bill, the Senator
from Massachusetts will find himself mistaken;
that the House will agree with the Senate, and
there may be a limitation of these officers. The
Senator from Massachusetts, I know, is for it.
He has expressed himself that way heretofore.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusctts. We passed
a bill for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know we did, but there
it lies in the House of Representatives. If we put
it upon this bill, there will be greater probability
of its passing. There will be an impelling force
to get this bill through. The other bill has not
been reachcd in the House, is laid aside, or lies in
committee; I know not where. I will not under-
take to speak of the proceedings of the House of
llepi esentatives. I do not know where the bill
is. Probably the press of business has crowded
it out of the way. I think it is high time for us
to put it upon some bill where we can get the
attention of the House of Representatives to it.
It is a matter that we have all agreed upon. It
will not cause any delay here, for 1 believe the
Senate are all for it; and I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts, if the House of Representa-
tives disagree to this proposition, if they will not
agree to it, it will be very easy for them to pass
the bill without it, and then when the bill comes
back here we can concur in their amendment.
What I want is to put it on the bill so that it may
receive attention, and i think it important enough
to insist that it should go there. I hope the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will let itgo on the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 hope the
Senator from Illinois will not press it. This bill
is a very simple affair, and I think ene that we
need. We have passed the other bill, and it is in
the House. I think every amendment of that kind
put on the bill complicates it, and will, therefore,
detain it. I know that the Government have called
for fifty thousand men, and are exceedingly anx-
ious that those fifty regiments shall be organized
at the earliest possible moment, and the bill was
introduced for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Senator
whether there are not already regiments enough
provided for seven hundred thousand men, if they
would adopt the system of filling them up, with-
out making additional regiments.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusctts. There are
now six hundred and ninety-six regiments in the
whole; and I will say to the Senator that the Gov-
ernment has already called for fifty additional regi-
ments, and assigned them to the different States,
and they are now being filled up; they are exceed-
ingly anxious to fill them up. It is not their ob-
ject to fiil up the regiments in the field and keep
them full. The truth is, the number of sick and
disabled men in the service is very large at this
time, and it will grow larger for the next few
months.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Why not discharge those
who are disabled ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They are
discharging a great many.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
whetherthe medical inspectors that we authorized
for that purpose have yet been appointed ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They have
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order of the day is now
before the Senate.
THE TAX BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay theintereston the public debt,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Howe, to strike out the proviso to the
eighty-eighth section, in the following words:
Provided, That upon such portion of said gams, profits, or
income, whether subject to a duty as provided in this act of
three per cent, or of live per cent., which shall be derived
trom interest upon notes, bonds, oi other securities of the
United States, there shall be levied, collected, and paid a
duty not exceeding one and one half of one per cent., any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Grimes, Howe, Lane oflndiana,Laneof
Kansas, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Saulsbuiy, Sher-
man, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wriglu—-13.
NAYS—Me^rs Anthony, Browning, Oarlile, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, HarJan, Hanis,Mcl)ou£all,Mornll, I'om-
eioy, Simmons, Sumner, Wade, Willey, Wilmot, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. Having examined this bill
somewhat carefully m its details, I have prepared
several amendments which I desire to present,
not essentially altering the great features of the
bill, but necessary to the perfection of it, as it
seems to me. The first one to which I call atten-
tion is in the twenty-first section, pages 24 and
25. It is quite obvious that the bill was origin-
ally drawn with a view to making the security
for the collection of taxes the same as the general
securities for the collection of the external rev-
enue; that is, duties upon imports. Duties on
imports are required by the law to be paid before
the property can be sold in the country. It is a
prerequisite, it is a condition precedent to the right
of sale altogether. Hence it is that in relation to
such articles they make the duty a lien on the prop-
erty; and it would be so m the case of any pur-
chaser, no matter who he may be, because it had
been sold without the license of the Government.
It is quite obvious that this bill was drawn with
a view to have that so in relation to these duties;
but after it was drawn, the committee, as it seems—
I do not belong to the committee—entertained on
the whole a different idea, that they would not re-
quire manufacturers, &c.  to pay their duties upon
their goods until they sold them; they would not
require of them to advance the duties. They have,
therefore, ingrafted in the bill, all along, that the
duties are to be paid upon the goods sold. But
when they had done that, they did not strike out
the parts which had been put in when it was
framed upon a different system, and there are still
left in several places in the bill clauses thatspeak
of the duties being a lien on the goods. That can-
not be so, and wherever these words occur they
should be stricken out of the bill. The idea of
the Government licensing people to go and sell
their goods and afterwards pay the duty, and then
following the goods with hens afterwards, when
they were sold by their heense, cannot be enter-
tained. There yet remain in the bill a number of
these cases. Section twenty-one now reads:
That the duties and taxes to be assessed in pursuance of
this act hball be a lien upon the property subject to the
duty or tax fiom the time of the assessment till fully paid.
How can that be? I move to strike out the
words I have read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to strike outall after the word " that," in the
first line, to the word "and" in the fourth line,
inclusive.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well. I move that
as mv first amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
"Vermont moves to amend the twenty-first section
by striking out, after the word " that," the words,
" the duties and taxes to be assessed in pursuance
of this act shall be a hen upon the property sub-
ject to the duty or tax from the time of assessment
till fully paid, and;5' so that the section will read,
