1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the world gave an evidence of their obedience to
law, and if ever an Administration showed its re-
gard for law in enforcing it in ahatd case, this
has. I cannot but think, and I do not utter it in
any complaining spirit, that when clemency has
been dealt out so liberally to men who have taken
up arms against the Government, when open
traitors have been treated with marked distinc-
tion, that this person, who committed his offense
from his excess of conscience, ought to be par-
doned.
We have shown our forbearance on all these
questions to our open enemies. We have treated
the prisoners captured in this war with the most
marked distinction. An extraordinary case has
occurred in Ohio which now excites a great deal
of feeling there, and which illustrates the mode
and manner in which prisoners are tieated. It
seems that some thirteen or fourteen hundred of
the FortDonelson prisoners were sent to Colum-
bus, Ohio, under the authority of the United States,
and put in charge at Camp Chase. In order to
illustrate the unjustifiable liberality of our Gov-
ernment in dealing with slaves and slavery I de-
sire to have a portion of the report made to the
Senate of the State of Ohio on the subject read.
It is a remarkable document.
The Secretary read, as follows:
tc Subsequently your committee visited Camp Chase, and
by the woithy commandant of the post, Colonel Granville
Moody, were shown through the tlnce prisons, and kindly
allowed all the liberties necessary to fuither the object of
their visit.
" Your committee found some thirteen hundred persons
confined in the three prisons, mostly Irom Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, and Mississippi. Their quarters were m
all respects as good, and in some; a iittle better, than those
of tin* soldiers outride, and your committee weie a^suicd
that the rations distubutcd were the same in quantity and
quality as tho-se given to om own men. No complaint was
made'as to any of the*© things, hut there was a general
expres-vion of satisfaction rhetewith.
" Your committee found seventy-four negioes in the pris-
ons, mostly taken at Fort DoneUou. Ot these, fiom what
they could learn, a lew weie free when taken, having been
hired hy officers us cooks and servants. The remainder,
perhaps lifty in number, weie staves, in attendance upon
their ma&tejs,and while so employed were taken along with
their masters. None of them were m arms; all of them
luiving been retained for menial service merely, rimce their
capture they have traveled with then master, attending
and serving them as before. On their artival sit Columbug
they took ehar«e of and eairied the baggage of their tonuer
masters from the depot to CampCha>e, the men, having no
s?ei v>uits, being compelled toeuirj then owii,a-> om sohiici-?
do on similar occasions. Arrived at the camp, the privates
were, as far as possible, sepaiated tiom the oHieeis, and tor
obvious icasons placed in diflerent prisons ; hut the uegioes
weie placed in the same pt tson* with the officers, who weie
their former masters. Why? Unless that they nnght con-
tinue to attend and serve their lonner master; and they
have ever since done &o—cooking, washing, waiting upon
and serving them just as before their eaptne—the relation
of master and slave being as ng coii<iy maintained hy the
master, and as fully recognized by the negroes and the other
inmates of the prison, a  it ever was in the State ot Ten-
nessee.
u But why were these slaves taken at all ? They were
not, and hail not been in arms ug.mist the Government—
their presence at Fort Donelson wsw not even voluntary.
Why are thev retained in prison? They iiave done lio
wrong—they deserve 110 puni.shment. is it to fmninh rebel
officers with servants? And was it for this, they were
transported at the expense of the Government and are now
subsisted at her cost ? Is our constitutional provision thus
to be made a nullity, and slavciy practically established in
Ohio? And this under the pioteetion and at the expense
of the Federal Government.
"As to the rebel officers released on parole, your com-
mittee eould not get much definite inloimation,other th.m
that, with few exceptions, these parole* were granted by
order of General llalleek. That the clemency so shown
was mistaken, the following tacts as to the conduct of these
officeis while at Columbuo will show. They came wear-
ing their side arms; stopped at the piincipal hotels, regis-
tering their names as < Col.,' <Maj.,' or 'Capt.,' with the
significant letters < C. S. A.' added ; appearing fiom day to
day in rebel uniforms (some of them gaudy—all of thorn
noticeable) m the offices and pailorsand at the public tables
of these hotels, and in the sueets and ditves of the city ;
frequenting the theater and other places of public amuse-
ment, and visiting the Senate and iiouse Cham hers, whcte,
with rnaiked eonsidetation, they have been invited to priv-
ileged seats within ttie bat; at all these places, and on all
these occasions, giving expre.-sion to sentiments of con-
tinued adherence to the icbel cause, and of bitter hostility
to the Government and people of the United States.-'
" But who is to blame ? Your committee is satisfied that
Colonel Moody has done his whole duty 111 the premises.
They aie equally satisfied that the Governor has endeavored
to discharge his duties honestly, faithfully, and impmtially.
His position has been one of gi eat dclieacy; li is control over
the camp and prisons being by courtesy ot the Federal an
thorities, and not by any right as Governor of Ohio. He has
probably done all he well could in the piemise-j. The le-
KpoiHibilitv, then, n >ts with the Federal autbmitics, and
our onij remedy is by protest to the President.55
Mr- SHERMAN. Sir, that report shows that
the fears of my friend from Kentucky of this Ad-
ministration, or of the Republican party, under
their present leadership, are groundless, when even
in Ohio, where our laws and our constitution for-
bid slaves and slavery, where the public sentiment,
of our people is all against slavery, where there
is not one in ten thousand who believes that any
man ought to be intrusted with the ownership of
another man; that there, under the authority of
the Federal Government, slaves are held to wait
on rebel officers taken in arms against the Gov-
ernment, and are fed, and have been transported
at the expense of the Government. If that does
not evince liberality, I do not know what will.
Why, sir, contrast the conduct of our Govern-
ment in this war with the barbarity shown by the
rebels. Think of the scenes that have occurred
in this war—of skulls taken as drinking cups—
carrying us back to the barbaric ages. Think of
the burning of the beautiful village of Guyandotte
and the murder of its citizens, women as well as
men. Think of the injuries done in the State of
Kentucky by the hordes that have overrun that
State unucr Bindman and Buckner and others,
burning and ravaging. Sir, contrast the conduct
of these rebel authorities seeking to overthrow our
Government, with the conduct of this Government
stretching forth its hand with mighty power, and
yet as gently and as mildly as any Government
ever conducted war, always with maiked respect
to the peculiar institutions of every community in
which its army marches, everywhere respecting
the local law, and even carrying the local law into
other States. 1 tell my friend from Kentucky that
as long as tins Administration is in power he need
not fear any injury to his State or its institutions.
If any have a right to complain, and 1 think they
have, it is the people of the free States, whose
sentiments are outraged by such a case as that in
Columbus, a transaction that will not be tolerated
if it can be avoided, although we will not secede,
even if rebel ma iters of Tennessee should still hold
the slaves of Tennessee to serve rebel masters in
Ohio.
Not only that, sir; this Republican party, which
is the bugbear of all the southern people, is the
most liberal of all to political adveisaries. Who
is at the head of your Army, dispensing patronage
withalordly hand andlavish profusion* A Demo-
crat appointed by a Republican administration.
Who receive that patronage ? Who hold the high
offices in your Government ? Who fill the offices
in your various Departments here ? The majority
of them Democrats, men who hissed Republicans
here over and over again in the other House. Was
there ever such forbearance? What Republic-
ans dispense your patronage ? Certainly not the
young, active, zealous spmts of the party who
111 the lieat and turmoil of political strife won a
victory. These men stand aside, lest their names
might frighten timid, conservative Union men of
the border States, while the middle men, who
watch the varying chances of the contest, new
converts, old politicians, or patriotic Democrats
fill the offices, and dispense the patronage. Why,
sir, so anxious was the Republican party to con-
ciliate the conservative sentiment of the northern
States and the sentiment of the southern States,
that we chose as standard bearer a gentleman who
had but little experience in public life, who had
given no cause of prejudice, who was himself a
Kentuckian by birth, who was but two years in
Congress, who had no record against slavery; and
lie, following the same policy, has revived many
gentlemen of the pastgeneration, and placed them
in poweraround him. Wedo notcomplain of that.
I simply introduce it to show that there never was
a party more magnanimous, more libera!, and more
generous to everybody but its own personal and
partisan friends.
What did tins party get for all this ? I noticed
in the papers the other day a remarkable thing.
It. was this:
" A Demociatic conference was held last night, contin-
uing m session until a late hour. The call was signed by
all, excepting four or five, of the members of Congress who
weie elected as Democrats."
I also notice in the papers, much to my regret,
that
l< A paper has been circulated, and Mgncd by nearly all
the Democratic members ot (,'ongi ess, and by Senator (Jar-
lile, having in view the rallying of the Demociatic party,
and a convention 111 this city at an eaily day, to give direc-
tion to its. future movements."
In the meeting I have just mentioned,
u Representative Corning presided, and Representatives
Pendleton and Siiiel acted as secretaries.5>
Resolutions were introduced by my colleague
in the other House, Mr. Vallaxdigiiam 
Mr. CARL1LE. If my friend will allow me,
so far as I had any connection with that meeting,
I am ready to explain it. I signed a paper here
at my desk, handed to me by some one, without
looking at it further than to see that its'object was
for some gentlemen to meet at the room of a mem-
ber of Congress at a hotel in this city for the pur-
purpose of conference; 1 went there. No action
looking to a party organization as a party was
had, so far as my knowledge extends. There
was a free interchange of opinions among gentle-
men who were there; and I was glad to see, so far
as I could ascertain, a determination to support
the Administration in all proper efforts to suppress
this rebellion, maintain the Constitution, and re-
store the Union. If there wasanything concluded
upon, I think that was the conclusion at which
that conference arrived. Resolutions, I believe,
had been prepared—or, when I went in I under-
stood they were in course of preparation—but I
know of no resolution having been adopted and
sent forth by that meeting to the country. I do
not think it is justly chargeable with being an
effort to organize a party movement in opposi-
tion to the constitutional efforts now being made
to restore the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my kindly
relations, as a matter of course, with the Senator
from Viiginia, induced me to give the Senator an
opportunity to say what he has on this subject.
I do not accuse him of any impropriety; but here
are the resolutions 
Mr. LATHAM. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. I was called upon, and I
believe both my colleague and myself signed the
call referred to by the honorable Senator from
Ohio; but so little impression did it make on
either of us as to its being a party organization,
that, I believe, neither of us attended. 1 certainly
did not; and I believe he did not either.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course I
have only the public prints for what I say; but I
take it from a Philadelphia paper that resolutions
were introduced by Mr. Vallandigham from a
committee of which he was chairman, declaiing
in substance "that the restoration of the Union
and maintenance of the Constitution require that
the organization and principles of the Democratic
party of the United States should be fully and
faithfully adhered to, and inviting all citizens,
without distinctions of sections or party, to coop-
erate with the Democracy in supporting the Con-
stitution and restoring the old Union."
Now, sir, I have no right to complain of the
reorganization of the Democratic party, or any-
thing that belongs to it. It is very well known
that 1 never belonged to the Democratic party, and
have no sympathy with it. Although some of its
members are my personal friends, yet 1 have no
faith in it. All the disunionists, so far as I know,
were opposed to the Republican party. The great
body of the men now fighting against the Govern-
ment belonged to the party proposed to be revived.
I do not know that a single member of the Repub-
lican party—the organization to which I am proud
to belong—ever took up arms against his Govern-
ment, or ever threatened 10 take up arms against
his Government. I have shown you, sir, by facts
that no man can controvert, that there never was
a party more liberal and generous to open enemies
and manly foes, or to political adversaries, indeed
we have surrendered them everything, we have
given them offices, honor, power, patronage in a
self-sacrificing spirit without example. 1 do not
care how soon they reorganize the old Democratic
party. But does it not show to us, Republican
Senators, that it is necessary that we should have
a party organization; that instead of wandering
some here, some there, some everywhere, we
should say what we will stand upon, and what we
ought to do on the various questions growing out
of the prosecution of this war?
I say, then, Mr. President, that it is important
that the party controlling the action of this Gov-
ernment should have a definite policy. We can-
not avoid the responsibility, and we ought not to
