1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
do so if we could. We are in the majority in this
body. We are in the majority in the other House.
We have a Republican Administration. If wc do
not show to the people of the United States that
we have a definite policy, and have manhood to
stand by it, and intelligence enough to administer
it, we ought to be overthrown. I would not weep
over the grave of a party that will not stand by
its friends and by its principles. I would not be-
long to a party that has not the manhood to pro-
claim all that it intends to do, all that it seeks to
accomplish, and to use its power to accomplish
that purpose. Parties can only be justified when
they arc used as instruments to accomplish some
great purpose; and unless we use ours to accom-
plish some noble and great purpose, the Republi-
can pai ty will melt awny like a storm of snow on
a bright April day. We ought to adopt a policy,
and adhere to it. Let me state some few simple
propositions that we ought to adopt, and then I
shall not trespass further on the Senate.
We ought now to abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, We have the right, and it is our duty to
do it; and if we had wasted less time in doing it,
it would probably be just as well. We ought,
then, religiously to adhere to the promises we
made to the people of this country when Mr.
Lincoln was elected President. We ought reli-
giously to abstain from all interference with the
domestic institutions of the slave or the free States.
We ought to stand by the Constitution as it is,
by the Union as itis. Whether rebels are in arms
or not, our duty is to stand by our pledges, to
stand by our manhood; and I,for one, will do it.
No temptation shall swnvemcfrom thatstraight
and narrow path. Our recorded promise is not
only a bond of political faith, but it is the word
of honor, binding 011 us as honorable men to each
other and to our country. We must not be driven
to interfere with the relation of master and slave,
or with any other local institution of any State,
one step further than the Constitution gives us the
just authority and power to do.
But it is said that the resolution of the Presi-
dent now before us looks to an interference with
slavery in the States. I do not so construe it. It
does not assert the power or advise us to interfere
with slavery in the States. On the contrary, it
by necessary implication as strong as express de-
nial, denies the power. The language is that the
United Slates ought to cooperate with any State
which may adopt gradual abolishment of slavery.
If the State of Maryland should, in its wisdom,
see fit to commence a system of gradual emanci-
pation of slaves, would they not have the right
to call upon us for aid and assistance? We here
announce beforehand that we will give them pe-
cuniaiy aid, but not until they call for it. It is
right that wc should announce that doctrine. It
h right that they should inaugurate that system;
and I believe that in the providence of Almighty
God the system will be inaugurated more lapuily
even than we now hope for. If I were a citizen
of the State of Maryland, or any of the border
States, with my present convictions, I would raise
the banner of emancipation full high extended,
and never lower it until there was not a slave 111
the State. But as a citizen of the State of Ohio, as
a member of the Senate of the United States, I
have no power over this subject, and I will not
be dragged or induced to interfere with that re-
lation until the States themselves, by their own
voluntary action, abolish slavery, or propose to
abolish n, and call upon us for aid.
Why should wc not give them aid ? By giving
them aid we accomplish great purposes. If by aid-
ing these border States to remove slavery, we get
rid of it, we banish from the Ilalls of Congress a
disturbing element which in some form or other
will peimeate this body and every political mgnn-
izaUon in this count)y. It is for the peace and
quiet and comfort of our people we should aid any
Suite desuing to emancipate their slaves.
Besides, the policy of emancipation would tend
to develop the resources of the States 111 a won-
deiful degree. Why, sir, I visited the other day
the Chesapeake bay, James river, and York river.
It surprises me beyond expression that that mag-
nificent region, with resources unrivaled in this
country, is not now peopled by a million of men.
When 1 look upon those deep bays, those fertile
fields, requiring only energetic labor to develop
them, when 1 see those marts of commerce in the
very center of our Atlantic coast, 1 wonder in
amazement that a million of men are not now
crowded there, delving and stiiking and working ;
with honest toil for an honest reward. I never
was impressed with it until I saw it. I could not
comprehend how Virginia had lost all the natural
advantages that her position, her climate, her beau-
tiful coasts, her beautiful rivers and bays gave
her. But, sir, there is no other cause except sim-
ply that labor, upon which all civilization de-
pends; labor, upon which everything depends;
which has built up New York, New England,
and the West, is there degraded by the presence
of slaves, so that the master must live on the la-
bor of the slaves, and the slaves must work for
the master without hope of reward.
Why, sir, as my fi iend from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sexdex] said very eloquently yesterday, if the
State of Virginia could be relieved from this bur-
den she would grow like a giant. Sixty years ago
Ohio was a wilderness, now she has two and a
half millions of people. I believe that if Virginia
was a free State now, m thnty years from this
time she would contain three or four millions of
people. Therefore I say that, if I were a citizen
of a border State, I would at once raise the ban-
ner of gradual emancipation; I would be just to
the ownerof slaves and treat him fairly. I would
then call on the General Government for aid, and
for one, if I should happen to be a member of this
body, or of any political body in this Govern-
ment, I will give that aid cordially and freely.
But it is.said that Congiess by giving this aid
would interfere with shivery. The resolution of
the President does not say that Congress shall ren-
der this aid, but that the United States ought to
cooperate. It does not say Congress, nor the Sen-
ate, nor the President. It may be neccssary to call
upon the States; and I think I can say in advance
that if Kentucky should free her slaves, Ohio
would gladly respond to anything that Kentucky
would ask. She would gladly pay the debt she
owes from the war of 1812 by any aid that Ken-
tucky might ask of her. Whether Congiess has
the power or not is a question that I do not now
discuss, because itis not yet matured, butthat ihe
United States as a Government, this aggregate of
States, this great Government, ought to aid in the
gradual abolition of slavery in the States when the
States themselves call for it, I have not a particle
of doubt.
But, sir, there is another reason why this Gov-
ernment ought to aid the border States whenever
they desire it, in emancipating slaves. It is a rea-
son that stands higher than any other merely pe-
cuniai y leason. It is one which is implanted in the
minds of the civilized world. Slavery is wrong.
That is a reason that stands back of all others;
one which would induce me as a member of a
Christian civilized community to extend the aid
when it is asked, not before; because T have no
power to do it before. Slavery is wrong. Thatis
the moral conviction of onr people. Itis the moral
conviction of the civilized world. England, France,
and all the countries whose commercial sympa-
thies are with the South, dislike to aid the South
because they would thereby aid slavery. Where
over you find that sentiment pervading all classes
of society, there must be some foundation for it.
There is no class of people in the world who de-
fend slavery except the southern slaveholders.
I heard my friend from Kentucky the other day
speak of slavery. His very speech would con-
vince me that what he was speaking of was the
exception and not the rule. He spoke of his own
kindness to the slaves, of the relations that existed
between him and Ins slaves—a patriarchal and
kindly relation. That would not be interfered
with in the slightest degree, if these slaves had the
right to their own nersons, to their own families,
and their own children. Slavery in Kentucky to
my certain knowledge is in the mildest form in
which it can exist in any community; but still
there is that legal right of the master to sell the
slave, to tear asunder the domestic relations, to
banish forever the husband from the wife, the
parent from the child, the child from the mother.
There is the absolute subjection of the slave to the
will of the master. These things are not justified
by the moral sentiment of the civilized world.
They are not justified by the sentiment of any of
the people of the northern States. I do not think
they are justified by the sentiment of all the peo-
ple of the southern States. But however that may
be, I stand here upon my recorded promise, upon
my recorded oath. Whatever I may think of this
institution, I am bound in honor, by every obliga-
tion which can rest upon a man, not to interfere
with it in the slightest degree in the States, but
leave it to the action of the States unless they
themselves call for our aid, and then that aid shall
be freely given, to the extent of my ability.
The policy and the effect of emancipation in the
States woula undoubtedly be to induce the slaves
to go southward. I have no doubt the slaves would
be gradually moved from the border States. They
would commence akind of hegira southwards, and
free people from the Old World and from the north-
ern States would go down to the border States. I
have no doubt that the tide of emigration, having
now met the vast plains and deserts of the West,
will gradually seek a home southward. If you
will welcome it, avail yourself of it, use that labor
to develop your resources, it will make the people
of Kentucky and of these border States rich, pros-
perous, and happy. The owner of seventeen hun-
dred acres of laud will be worth three times as
much as his lands and his slaves are now worth.
Labor makes everything and not the mere pos-
session of land.
Having stated my views of what we can do,let
me say in all kindness now to my political friends
what we ought not to do. I think we ought to op-
pose all usekss and unconstitutional measures of
legislation. They can be of no service, and they
may be of a good deal of harm; we are under ob-
ligations not to interfere with slavery in the States.
Wc ought not to do it indirectly under any cir-
cumstances, unless it should be a last desperate
cast to preserve the Government under winch we
live.
j I, therefore, cannot help but say that, while I
respect the motives of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, while 1 give him credit for con-
sistency, ability, and a great deal of culture, and
! am always glad to hear him speak, yet I must
; confess that, when I looked over his resolutions,
they struck mc with surprise and regret. They
would revolutionize this Government. Sir, strike
the States out of this system of government, and
j your Government is lost and gone. I cannot con-
I ceivc of the United States governing colonies and
; provinces containing millions upon millions of
people, black and white. I do not think such a
thing can exist. I do not believe itis in the power
of secession to bring us to such a state of things,
lean draw no distinction between the resolutions
of the Senator from Massachusetts and the doc-
trines that are proclaimed by Jefferson Davis. If
a State can secede, the people of the State can
make a new government. If the people of South
Carolina are firm and united in their policy, which
no man doubts; if they have power to secede, they
have seceded, and their doctrine is true. But I do
not believe they have the power to secede. They
may go in banishment, wandering all over the face
of the earth, but they cannot take with them a
single foot of the soil of this country over which
our flag ever floated. The doctrine of the Senator
from Massachusetts is substantially an acknowl-
edgment of the right of secession, of the right to
secede. He, however, puts the States in the con-
dition of abject Territories, to be governed by
Congress. Jefferson Davis puts it m the power
of the people of the States to govern the States
themselves. As to which is the most dangerous
or obnoxious doctrine, I leave every man to de-
termine.
I am willing, therefore, to adopt the policy of
the President in regard to slavery in the States,
to abolish slavery in this District, to promote a
system of voluntary colonization. I am in favor
of confiscation; I think such a measure should be
passed promptly. We must seize upon the prop-
erty of these men who have taken up arms against
the Government. Our people, when they come
to pay taxes, will demand it. These men know it.
They themselves are confiscating all the property
of their own citizens who will not take up arms.
In a paper laid on your desk this morning, there
was a notice of proceedings showing that they
seized upon all the property of men who will not
J take up arms, and confiscate the property of people
! living in the northern States. You must in war
J adopt the laws and policy of war. I am, there-
fore, in favor of the most rigid law of confiscation
against the leaders of this rebellion; but I would,
as an act of wisdom, of amnesty, of wise forbear-
ance, and moderation, authorize the President at
