1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
" that in all cases where the property liable to
distraint for duties or taxes under this act may
not be divisible," £fcc.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to suggest to the
Senator from Vermont whether, instead of mak-
ing that amendment, and striking out every clause
intho bill which creates a lien on these manufac-
tured article?, it would not be better to let the lien
remain and insert a provision giving effect to it;
providing, forinstance, that it should be embezzle-
ment to cither sell or purchase any of these goods
from the manufacturer or his agent without the
payment at the time of the sale or previous thereto
to the collector.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has several days after-
wards to pay in.
Mr. COLLAMER. Heonlykeepshis account,
and when the end of the month enmes he makes
a return of what he lias sold. It is not to be paid
on the sale. It is paid after the sale. That is the
way it is all the way through the whole bill.
Mr. HOWE. I am aware that the general pro-
visions upon manufactures do so provide.
Mr. COLLAMER. Every one of them.
Mr. HOWE. It is still very desirable, I con-
ceive, to retain this lien, and I had supposed it
was piacticable, very easy, to provide for having
the duties paid at the timo of sale by one of two
methods: either to have the sale in the presence
of a collector and the duties paid at the time, if it
is a large one, or to have a bill of sale given 
Mr. COLLAMER. I will merely say to the
gentleman, he has got to reframetbe whole bill to
do that. The whole framework of the bill must
be changed.
Mr. HOWE. How much of the bill would
have to be stricken out I am not able to say; but
two sections put in would do all that.
Mr. COLLAMER. You will have to strike
out twenty sections, or clauses in twenty sections,
to do it.
Mr. HOWE. I have 110 sort of doubt that
twenty sections of the bill ought to be stricken
out for that or some other reason.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have talked with the
memhcis of the committee of the'House of Rep-
resentatives who drew this bill, and they say tin-
idea of it was just as 1 put 11. Tlu.se things we're
put 111 htre bi-'lore they entertained the piinei.ple
of letting a man pay after ho had sold his goods.
None of them can be letaincd in the bill with that
feature in it, unless you require the collectors to
be present at all the sales and take the duty on the
sale.s.
Mr. HOWE. My own impression was that
very much the larger part of this bill prior to that
clause which commences to treat of licenses or
taxes 011 spirits and ale, the great bulk of what we
call the machinery of this bill,was framed for work
which is never to be performed under the bill as
it now stands. It was framed for the purpose of
collecting taxes 011 a different kind of piopeity
from what we now propose to tax at all, specific |
taxes on. specific articles of existing property as |
well as upon income, and not upon manufactures.
That is my own idea ot what was intended by
these sections, and I have supposed that a great
portion of them might now be dispensed with.
Mr. COLLAMER. I can merely say that if
gentlemen calculate to preset\e this lien, they
must reframe their bill with a view to that object,;
and the amendment that I suggest would not be
in order 011 that point. I am going on the ground
on which the bill was finally framed, and desire
to perfect it with a view to that. I wish the ques-
tion tried in relation to tiic point.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now desire to call atten-
tion to the fifty-first section on the 53d page. I
move to strike out that section on the same ground
P'TheeyiCE PRESIDENT. The section which
the Senator moves to strike out will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 51. be it further enaeteil, Tint all beer, lagei
beei, ale, porter. and other similar lei mented liquors winch
•.hall he made,'ami all spirituous. Illinois w Inch -hall he
di-tilied vvitlim the United Slates 01 ttie Teuiiorie-- there- !
or or the De-met ot Columbia, the <lutio„ <111 winch shall j
no't have been paid, aceouiing lo the true intent and mean- .
11,  ot tin- act, shall be 101 felted, and may be seized le-toi- j
felted by any collector of internal dimes : Pro Med. always, •
Tl it -ueh liquors and --pints shall not be liable to seizure
and toiteitute in the hands of a bona fide puiehasei, with-
out notice that the duties tlieieon have not been paid or
secured to be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same reasoning that
is applicable to the clause just stricken out by the
Senate applies unquestionably to this section as it
now stands. There is only one way in which
this section can be made available, and that is to
let it remain, and apply it to all liquors, beer, &c.,
that were made without first procuring a license.
But there are other guards with reference to that
in other portions of the bill; they are subject to
aheavy penalty; and perhaps it is not necessary.
I had altered it to meet that'point; but on consid-
eration I have concluded to let it go, unless others
should think it desirable to retain it with refer-
ence to the particular thing that I speak of.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say I should prefer it
in the form in which the Senator from Maine pro-
poses it. I think it would be an additional guard.
1 am not entirely satisfied that this section does
fall absolutely under the reasoning of the Senator
from Vermont, and which we have followed in
striking out the other section. Why not intro-
duce the language suggested by the Senatorfrom
J£ermon t ^
*Mr. COLLAMER. Well, sir, that is for a
purpose for which it does not seem to have been
framed at all, an entirely different thing. This
was to collect the duties 011 what were sold.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 say it is turning it to an-
other purpose absolutely.
Mr. COLLAMER. Entirely another purpose.
I do not think the purpose needs to be secured
more than it is; but I say this section does not
secure it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it may be as well
struck out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now wish to call atten-
tion to the twenty-thiid section, on page 27.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is struck out.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to suggest
to gentlemen there is not any such property as is
talked of 111 that section at all. That section reads:
That when any tin, as aforesaid.shall have remained un-
paid lor 1 ho lei in wf six months, alore-jUid, the collector
01 the State where the pioperty lies 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That section has
been stricken out, and is now no part of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, I will take it as it
is amended. The amendment reads:
If any collector shall find upon any lists of taxes returned
to him for collection propcity lying witlnn his district which
IS chained with any specific 01 ad valorem tax or dutj , but
wlueh "s not owned, occupied, or superintended by some
person known to such collector to reside or to have some
place of business within the United States, such collector
shall foitliwitli take such property into his custody.
And tlien it goes on to direct what disposition
shall be made of it.
TlieVICEPRESIDENT. That section is not
open to amendment at this time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope I may he permitted
to suggest to the honorable Senators who have
charge"7 of the bill that there is notany such prop-
erty to my knowledge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say in reply to the
honorable Senator m relation to that matter that
the Committee on Finance found the two previous
sections in the bill providing for such propeity,
and making what we considered involved, ob-
scure, long, unri asonable, and unnecessary pro-
visions for getting the tax. We did not choose
to strike out the whole matter, as the Committee
of Ways and Means thought there might be. some
such property, but we provided a plain mode of
e-etting at it if by possibility any such property
could'be found 111 the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 presume there probably
was, and they put it in such shape as that theie
might be such property; but as the bill is now
shaped, theie cannot be any such propel ty. How-
evei, I do not know that it will hurt anything if
there is not any such property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt whether there is
any; but if they do find any, it will not do any
hurt. .
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen desire to
keep it in for nothing, let it stay in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will pay sufficient
'respect to the House to presume that they knew
of something ot that soit.
Mr COLLAMER. Now I call attention to a
clause 111 the fifth line of section thirty-two, page
35. The section reads:
That it shall be the dutv of the eolleetois afoiesaid, or
their deputies, in their respective districts, and they are
hereby authorized, to collect all the duties and.taxes Ira-
posed by this act, however the same may be designated,
and to prosecute for the recovery of the same, and for the
recovery of any sum or sums which may be forfeited by;
virtue of this act.
The idea of leaving in a provision to collect
taxes by prosecuting for them seems to me to be
inconsistent with all the provisions of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next clause reads,,
" and for the recovery of any sum or sums which
may be forfeited by virtue of this act."
Mr. COLLAMER. That I have no objection
to; but I object to this implication that the taxes
shall be collected by prosecution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That suggests prosecu-
tion.
Mr.COLLAMER. Well,distraintcomespretty
near prosecution. They are to be collected by
distraint. I move to strike out those words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
the criticism of the Senator is proper.
Mr. HARRIS. I will suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that it might be better to leave those
words in. They will do no harm. I can imagine
a case where an action of debt might be sustained.
A man is requ ired to pay a tax. He has disposed
of the property which is liable to be taxed. The
statute imposes upon him the payment of the tax.
I can sustain sin action for it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is, in the name of
the Government.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir; I think it had better
remain.
Mr. COLLAMER. The danger is in the im-
plication that is to go out to the community that
these taxes are to be collected by suits. I dislike
to have any such implication.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that having al-
ready amended the bill so as to destroy the lien
upon manufactured articles, it may be very neces-
sary to have some such remedy as ellis in case of
lessees carrying 011 manufactures in leased build-
ings or upon leased premises. Their goods are
disposed of; they may not have anything else in
the world to distrain. How shall we collect the
tax of them >
Mr. FOSTER. What good would mesne pro-
cess do if you cannot use final?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 beg to say to gentlemen
that 1 have not had time to make the amendments
in these sections where I think they are necessary.
If the gentleman will turn to the proper section,
he will find that the general provision of this bill
is to enable the collector to collect his taxes of the
man after he has sold his goods by distraint. But
what I wish particularly to call the attention of the
committee to is this: there is no provision in either
for levyuigupon real estate, as I think there should
be. There is a provision in the bill for levying on
the real estate of collectors and their sureties by
the Government, but there is no provision which
extends the power of the collector by distraint to
take real estate. I have not had time to try to
amend tlie portion of the bill which relates to that
subject, but I will inform the gentleman where it
is. It is section twenty, commencing at the bot-
tom of the 20th page and running to the 24th page.
Itgoes on to provide how they shall levy and col-
lect by distraint m case of non-payment. To en-
able him to take real estate when necessary, there
should be added to that section the provision which
is found on page 32 about selling real estate when
you collect of the collector. It will require some
modification to adapt it to this section.
Mr. HOWE. 1 call the attention of the Senator
from Vermont to the piovisions of section sixty-
five, on pages 79 and SO:
That upon the amounts, quantities, and values of pro-
duce "oods, wares, lneichandisc, and articles manutae-
tured and sold, or delivered, hereinafter enumerated, the
manutaeturer thereof, whether manutaclurod for himself or
fur others, shall pay to the collector of internal liiveuuc
within his distiiet. monthly, or 011 or before a day to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the
dutio on such nmnutacture^.
I also call his attention to the provision com-
mencing at the twenty-third line on the 80th page.
Mr. COLLAMER. That provision is this:
And such duties, and whatever shall be the expenses of
lew, shall be a hen lioni the day prescribed by the Com-
im&Monci toi their pavmenuifoie^ud. in favor ot the United
States upon tin• *aid >eai awl personal property of such
manufacturer. and ^uch lien may be enforced by distraint}
ua provided iu the general piovinions ot this act.
The general provision is the one to which I have
referred. . , . .
Mr. FESSENDEN. "As provided m tlia
