urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
any time to proclaim an amnesty to the great
masses of the rebels. As to those who have lea,
the captains of companies, the members or con-
gress, the leaders ill the rebellion, all those who
have staked their property upon it, men of intel-
ligence and character, 1 would, without mercy,
prosecute the laws of confiscation and war against
them to the furthest extent. Let us adopt this
policy, guided by wise moderation, controlled by
a manly earnestness and a determination to stand
by each other, and I believe the Republican party
will not only save the. country, but will put the
country in a march of prosperity of which we have
heretofore had no example. If, on the contrary,
any useless measures of legislation, looking to ex-
treme means, be adopted, prejudicing the great
mass of the people of the southern States, destroy-
ing their rights as citizens of those States, or re-
ducing the States to Territones, it will only exas-
perate the people of those States more and more,
will make conquest impossible, and a reunion of
all the States utterly futile. I believe that by a
•wise system we may, one by one, gather these
States again into the folds of the Union; and if
the Republican party, through its wisdom and
ability, shall carry the country through this revo-
lution, 1 do not fear for the verdict of the popular
will. I have heard some of my friends express a
doubt, and say," let us do this now, because after
a while we may not have the power." I will do
what I think is right, and I have an abiding con-
fidence in the people of the United States that they
will stand by those who follow their conviciinns
of duty with" moderation and good sense.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio made
a statement in the course of his argument about
which I am not certain that I obtained accurate
information. Did I understand the Senator to say
that there are persons now retained at Columbus
as the servants or slaves of rebel officers who have
been captured with arms in their hands, and that
they have been tiansported at the Government
expense, are fed at the Government expense,
clothed at the Government expense, and retained
by the force of our arms in that capacity in servi-
tude ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do most emphatically.
The report I had read was the report by one of
the leading members of the Senate of Ohio on this
particular subject. This thing excited the atten-
tion of the Legislature. They appointed a com-
mittee to go to the camp and investigate this mat-
ter, and the document 1 had read at the Secretary's
desk was the report of that committee, composed
of three gentlemen of the very highest character.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state whether there is any law of Ohio
under which these persons are held, or any law
of Congress, or whether it is done by order of the
commanding general?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Secretary to
read a single paragraph of the report, which shows
that the Stale authorities have no authoiity over
the matter, but it is under the control of the Gen-
eral Government. I ask the Secretary to read the
passage 1 have marked.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" As to rebel officers released on parole, your committee
could not get much definite infonriation, other than that,
with few exceptions, the^e paiole* were gi anted by order
ol' General tialh'fk. That the clemency so j-hown wa-i mis-
taken, the followine facts as to the conduct ol these otiieeis
Willie in Columbus will show. They came wearing their
Plde-anns; stopped at the piincipal hotels, reso^tcrhi!* tln-ir
names as •Col.,' ■ Major,' or ■ (:apt.,' with the significant
letters ' C. S. A.' added; appealing from day to day in lebel
uniforms (some of them gaudy—all of them noticeable) In
the offices nnd parlors and at the public tables of these ho-
tels, and in the streets and duves of the eity; frequenting
the theater and other places of public amusement, and visit-
ing tile Senate and House Chambt'is, wheie, with marked
consideration, they have been invited to pnvileged seats
within tile iw'r: at all these places, and on all these occa-
sions, giving expression to sentiments ot continued adher-
ence to the rebel cause, and of hitti i hostility to the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States."
" But who is to lilame r You! committee i- satisfied that
Colonel Moody has done Ins whole duty in the premises.
They are equally satisfied that the Govei nor ha* endeavored
to discharge his (hides honestly, faithfully, and impartially.
Ilia position ha  been one of gteat delicacy—his eontiol
over the camp and prisons beiie| by courtesy of the Fedeial
anthouties, and not by any right as Goveinoi of Oluo. He
has piohably done all he well could iiuhc premises. The
responsibility, then, rests. With the Federal authorities, and
our only remedy is by protest to tiie Piesident."
Mr. Hexderson's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 am satisfied that this
resolution is going to pass, but I am certain in my
mind that the Government of the United States
cannot constitutionally cooperate with the States
in this measure; yet 1 shall not take up the time
of the Senate in offering any further amendment,
but content myself with recording my vote against
the passage of the resolution.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
is on ordering the resolution to a third reading.
Mr. THOMSON. I should like to have the
resolution read.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was read the third time, at length, as
follows:
Resolved, 4-c., That the United States ought to corporate
Willi any State which may adopt the gradual abolishment
of slavciv, giving to such State pecuniary aid to be used by
such State, in its di^ctetion, to compensate for the incon-
veniences, public and puvate, produced by such change of
system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, "Shall the resolution puss."
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mosis. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamei. Davis, I)j\on. Doolittie, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Ilalc, Italian, Henderson, Uowaid. Howe, King,
Laneot Indiana, Lane oi Kansas, Motrill, Pomeioy, Sher-
man, Sumner,Ton E,\ck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Willey, Wihiiot.and Wilson of Massachusetts—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Kennedy, Latham,
Ni-hinith, Powell, Saulsbury, Staijk, Wilson of Missouri,
and Wii<jht—10.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BROWNING. The title ought to be
amended, by striking out the word " Congress"
and inserting "the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN TIIB DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill passed
oven- informally now comes up for consideration.
It is the bill (S. No. 108) which is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. The imme-
diate question, on the adjournment of the Senate,
was the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Cl.vrk] to the original bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 ask leave to present a me-
morial from the Board of Aldermen of the city of
Washington on this subject, and ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
in board of a!jh:umr:n\
Joint Resolution of injunction.
Be it resolved by the Board of slldcrvun caul Board of
Common Council of the City of Wnshn\ ton, That these
councils, disclaim! he any de^iie impiopei !y to intei luie with
Ilie bu<in''^ol the national Legi->lattne, deem it not im-
pi'itinent le-peettullj to expie^ the opinion that the senti-
ment of a husre mnjotif\ o( the people of thif community
is advene to tiie unqualified abolition ol slaveiy in this Dis-
tuctat the piesent eiitical juncture m oui national all", in-.
Jind be xt fuith-cricsolvcd, Thai the joint, committee lep-
rcsentin" the uiterots of thi> coipotation belore Congress
be, and are hcieby. ln^tiucted to uisje re-pectlully upon the
members ot that honoi able body, as the constitutional guutd-
jaiis of the interests and ntjhw of the people of this Dis-
tuct, the expediency and the justice ot so shaping any le-
gislation aliectmg the Atiican lace heie a< to piovide ju-t
and propei sate-gnaidNa^iun^teonvernrig thi* city, located
us it l* between two slaveholdina ^tate*, into an asylum
for free negioes—a population undesirable in every Amer-
ican comnmnitv, and which it ha-, been deemed necc^ary
to c\c!ude altogetherirom some even of the non--!avehold-
ing States. '/*• RICHARDS,
President of the Boatd of Common Council.
W. T. DOVE,
President of Ihe Board of Aldermen.
RICHARD WALLACII,
Appioved:
11 Mayoi.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to the original bill, by way of peifecting that
bill will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Clark, which is to strike out the second section
of the bill in the following words:
Sre. 2. .9nd be xt father enacted, That all persons loyal
to the United States holding claim* to service or labor
] ngattiat pei sons discharged thereftom by this act may, within
I mtiety da\s fiom the passage thcieot, but not iheieatter. 1
! present to the commissioner* heremaftei mentioned their [j
i respective statements or petitions in wi iting, verified by r
! oatl) oi alhrniation, t-ettinsr t'oith the name-:, ages, and pci- jj
t-onal description of such persons, the manner in whirhsaid .|
petitioneis acquired such claim, and any facts touching the
value thereof, and deflating his allcgiance to tho Govern-
ment of the United States*.
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That any person iesi-
doni in >aid District, who.-o nlave ma\ be sot at hheity by
the prov!-ion> of this an, nia\, within tinee months alter
the passage thereof, and not altciwaicb. apply by petition
in writing to the commissioners hereinafter mentioned for
remuneration for the loss of the services of such slave; set-
ting forth in said petition, which shall be under oath, first,
that the petitioner b a resident of the District of Columbia;
is and ahvavs has been ttue to his or lier allegiance to the
United States ; that he or she has not borne arms against
the Government of the United States in tho present rebel-
lion, nor in any way given aid or comfort thereto; second,
the title of the petitioner to the labor or service of said
slave, whether theie is any dispute about the same, or
whether any other person is interested in said services or
slave, or makes any claim thereto, and if so, who, and what
claim is made, and, thndly, the name, age, sex, habits,
usual health, defects, and all oiliei peisonal peculianties
of said slave, which may enable said commissioners to iden-
tify him oi her,or deteimme the value of his 01 her services.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say simply that the
object of this amendment is to make the petition
more specific. It does not affect the general ar-
rangement or foundation of the bill; it does not
refer the claim to any different tribunal; but sim-
ply makes the petition more specific.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not intend to oppose
any amendment to this bill that really perfects it,
or that makes it more specific in any particular
part; but I do object at this period, and I shail
not accept an amendment winch is simply a pref-
erence as to the mode of expression; and there is
nothing else in this amendment. Let me analyze
the two provisions. In the first place, the bill
reported by the committee provides that all loyal
masters may have a claim; nobody else—"all
persons loyal to the United States." That is the
provision of the bill from the committee. Now,
the first clause of the second section of the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire re-
quires the petitioner to allege that he is a resident
of the District of Columbia, and is, and always
has been, true to his or her allegiance. In the bill
from the committee, the phrase is "has been
loyal;" m the amendment it is that the person
"has been true to his allegiance." Arc these
terms equivalent? That is the question. I sub-
mit that they are. If there is any choice about it,
it is a mere choice, of phrases. That is all, and to
that I do not yield.
The amendment further specifies that the claim
shall not extend to any person who has borne
arms against the United States, or given aid or
comfor?to the rebellion. Now, what is the pro-
vision of the bill? As amended in the manner
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] it provides that the commissioners shall
examine the question of loyalty; it shall be a sub-
ject of proof and a subject of investigation; and
'they shall award no claim to any person who is
not found to be loyal; and then it further pro-
vides:
That no claim shall be allowed for any slave or slaves
brought into said I)u tuct after the passage of this act, or
which oi innate* in or by virtue oi any tian^fer hcretotore
made oi which shall hcieaftei be made by any per&on who
ha* in any manner aided or sustained the rebellion.
Now, I submit whether the phrase " aided or
sustained," is not as strong, to say the least of it,
as the phrase " lias borne arras during this rebel-
lion;" and there is no other controversy involved
in this amendment.
I submit, therefore, that upon the most careful
investigation [ have been able to give it, the amend-
ment of the Senator does not enlarge the section
at all; it does not guard it, and it is not more spe-
cific than the section of the bill as it is, and there-
fore I adhere to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, I will state that I copied the very
words of the Senator from New Hampshire in my
J amendment, so that we have got the precise words
i of I hat part of the amendment of the Senator froni
New Hampshire in the bill, and hence I think
there need be no dispute as to particular phrases.
Mr. CLARK. I am only surprised how much
these two Senators are mistaken, Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from New
Hampshire permit me a moment?
Mr. CLARK. If it is only for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. Only for a moment. Mr. Presi-
dent, the two gentlemen when I occupied the floor
on this subject a few days ago, very courteously,
and without any sort of exception by me, pro-
pounded sundry questions tome. I nowasktlieir
courtesy to permit me to return the compliment.
Mr. CLARIv. Whom docs the Senator want
to question?
Mr. DAVIS. Both of you.
Mr. CLARK. You may begin with me.
