2456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
general provisions of this act" refers simply to
distraint.
' Mr. COLLAMER. When you come to turn
to the provision about distraint, which is the one
to which I called your attention—section twenty—
you will find that itdoes notextend to real estate.
I should like anygentleman to tell me how it is to
operate on real estate at all. The section begins
on page 20, and runs through pages 21, 22, 23,
and 24.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might insert the
word " lands" before " goods" in the .fifty-sixth
line.
Mr. COLLAMER. There should be a regu-
lation about the manner of enforcing it, how he
is to sell, and how he is to deed.
Mr. HOWE. There is a sort of distraint given
here upon real estate in reference to collectors.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly, and I referred,
you to that. I think that provision in regard to
collectors should be ingrafted on this section and
made to apply to other people.
Mr. HOWE. That is part of the general pro-
visions, and I suppose as much referred to by this
section as any other.
Mr. COLLAMER. Here is a general provis-
ion for distraining against people who owe the
tax. That proceeding against the collector him-
self is peculiar in many respects.
Mr. HOWE. I should think so myself, but
for the circumstance that that distraint has refer-
ence entirely to personal property; whereas there
is,and this gives, alien upon real estate,and there
are other provisions which the Senator has just
referred to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say I have not had
time to put this together, but I want to call the
attention of gentlemen to it, becausc it is quite
obvious it is imperfect as it stands.
Mr. HOWE. With regard to this very sec-
tion, although it seems to some extent to obviate
the difficulty suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, it has in my mind created another difficulty
a great deal more embarrassing; and thatis, whose
property is going to be sold? 1 think it very doubt-
ful whether the man that was taxed is going to
have his property sold, or somebody else in the
neighborhood.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have done my duty in
that regard; that is, to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to the necessity of having it amended, and
I think they will fmd it so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont withdraw his amendment, in the
fifth and six^h lines of section thirty-two, page
35, to strike out the words " and to prosecute for
the recovery of the same?"
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; I do not wish to
withdraw Unit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then that is the
pending question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out in tlTe
fifth and sixth lines of that section the words "for
the recovery of the same, and," so that it will read:
And to prosecute for the recovery of any sum or sums
which may lie forfeited by virtue of this act.
The question was put on the adoption of the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, one Sen-
ator voting no, and the Chair hearing no affirma-
tive vote, declares the amendment not agreed to
Mr. COLLAMER called for a division.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate is to divide again,
1 will explain why I voted against the amendment.
I really do not understand, without the right to
sue,howyouare going to collect duties upon goods
manufactured by tenants, lessees. I do not see
what remedy you have other than a right of action
against them. There is no lien on their goods.
The duties are not to be paid until after the goods
are sold. You cannot levy on them; and if they
have no real estate that you can levy on by dis-
traint, I do not know how you can collect, unless
you have the right to sue them as you do any other
manufacturer.
Mr. CLARK. You have the distraint and all
you can get by suit.
Mr. HOWE. Sometimes manufacturers own
their premises, and the bill assumes to give alien
in such cases and a right of distraint. I do not
undertake to say but what it does give a lien on
the property, whether it is owned or not by the
manufacturer. I think it ought not; but if it does
give one, I doubt whether the title would be very
ood.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentlemen who be-
long to the committee are tenacious of those words,
let them remain. I can only say if we attempt to
get taxes in that way we shall never get any.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary did
not get the precise words the Senator moves to
strikeout. Will he again state his amendment ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw the amend-
ment, and I shall proceed no further with any
amendments if the committee are desirous ofhav-
ing the bill stand just as they report it.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Not at all. We have ac-
cepted two of your amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Wis-
consin has objected to all.
Mr. HOWE. I assure the Senator from Ver-
mont the last thing in this world I want to have
is that this bill shall stand as it is. I think the
honorable chairman of the committee, who sits
beside the Senator from Vermont, will bear ready
testimony that if I have struggled for anything,
it is to have the bill as nearly wiped out as possfli
ble. I am as conscious of the imperfections of it
as the Senator from Vermont can be, for I will
say, without the slightest wish to boast, I think
I have sweat a great deal more and a great deal
longer over it than he has. But with regard to
that single proposition of the Senator's, and the
statement that it is only I who have stated any
difficulty or any objection to it, it did seem to me
that if these words were stricken out, he would
cutoff the last shadow of a remedy in certain cases.
I would not give much, I admit, for the remedy
that is left now, but there would not have been a
show of one, it seems to me, if those words had
been stricken out, Still, I may be mistaken. I
certainly hope the Senator will notgive up his ef-
fort to make the bill better. I will work with him,
not against him.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will propose an amend-
ment on page 113; and here 1 acknowledge that
I am proposing an amendment which is perfect-
ing the bill, but it is an independent measure, and
is one to which 1 attach some importance. I move
to strike out the words " savings institutions," in
the fourth line, in section seventy-eight, at the
bottom of the page, and also to strike it out in
two or three other places where it occurs in the
same section. There is one leading feature of
this bill which, I believe, is entertained all around,
and that is not to tax people's incomes who have
not an income beyond $600, and to tax only that
part which exceeds §600. Now, sir, savings in-
stitutions, so far as 1 am acquainted with them,
as they exist in the country, certainly in New
England, are nothing but the deposits, the earn-
ings of people of moderate circumstances; I may
say, generally poor people. There is one of these
establishments in the village in which I live, hav-
ing in it §200,000, perhaps, of deposits, taken care
of gratuitously by trustees who charge nothing.
There is a treasurer, to whom tlicy pay a small
sum. By lending these moneys out, they can
obtain something like about five percent, for these
poor people. Thatis about what they have been
able to make thus far. It is a very wholesome
kind of institution, highly encouraging to the
course of economy and saving. It is quite com-
mon for the children of people of moderate cir-
cumstances or poor people to save their little pres-
ents and put them in the bank. Tommy has got
in the savings bank a dollar or two dollars or three
dollars. lie has got a little book in which the
treasurer has entered it to his credit. The boys
show them around to each other, how much one
has got and how much another has got. The
operatives, small mechanics, the girls in the fac-
tory, and poor people, deposit their little savings;
in short, the deposits are substantially made up
of them. Not one in five hundred thousand of
these people has got an income of $600 a year,
nor §300 a year. None of them scarcely have any
income. It is the daily earnings of their hands.
The proposition here is that we will take three per
cent, out of the earnings of the deposits of these
poor people. There is no capital in these savings
banks but these deposits. Nobody earns any-
thing out of them or makes money out of them.
Their directors, so far as I know anything about
them in New England, serve for nothing. They
are considered charitable institutions. They do
not make issues. The trustees merely loan the
money out on what they consider good security
for the benefit of the depositors.
It maybe said, and has been said to me, if you
will not require the three per cent, to be paid on
the earnings of such establishments the effect will
be that rich people will put their large sums of •
money in them. Let it be borne constantly in
mind that if a man of wealth derives an income of
over six hundred dollars from money in a savings
bank or anywhere else, he has got to pay. He
pays it on his income. He cannot escape that by
depositing his money in a savings bank. Gen-
erally speaking, these banks do not allow of de-
posits beyond a certain amount. I am inclined
to think that is so in the city of Boston. They
will not receive deposits for large sums of money.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is the case.
Mr. FOSTER. In Connecticut not over §200
from any one person.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the State where I live
there is no occasion for such a limitation. No-
body has anv such sum to deposit. They are all
small sums. "Now, Mr. President, it seems tome
this is cutting down to exceedingly low water
mark; that because we can conveniently lay our
hands upon it we will lay our hands on it and take
this three per cent, from these poor people. Such,
sir, are my reasons for moving to strike out these
savings banks.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont accept an amendment to his amendment? I
seethatthephrase " savings institutions" is found
also in lines twelve, eighteen, thirty-five,and forty,
in the same section, and it should be stricken out
wherever it is found.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was my amendment,
to strike it out wherever it occurred in thesection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I concur entirely with what
the Senator has said. Savings institutions ought
not to be taxed; for it will be found throughout
the country that the deposits in savings institu-
tions are in small amounts; generally, as I am in-
formed , averaging under fifty dollars, and they are
the earnings of the poor. Large sums are not re-
ceived. 1 agree entirely with the Senator from
Vermont that that should be stricken out, and I
hope it will be.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree also entirely with the
Senator from Vermont. It seems to me that the
tax is nothing more nor less than a tax on charity.
But I askthcSenator'sattcntionto section eighty-
six, page 124—the tax on income. There the in-
come of a person is taxed from whatever source
it comes, and then there is an enumeration of the
different sources.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be over six hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, when it is over six hun-
dred dollars; and it enumerates " any bank, trust
company, or savings institution, insurance, gas,
bridge, express, telegraph, or railroad company,
or corporation."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misappre-
hends that entirely. That is an exception pro-
viding that when the tax has been paid in the first
place on the dividends, they shall not be taxed
again as income.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Vermont was that the phrase " saving3
institutions" should be struck out wherever it oc-
curs, and it seems to me it should not be struck
out in this place.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will endeavor to show
the gentleman why it should. A man is to pay
a tax on his income above §600, let it come from
what source it may, except what the Senator has
read, where the three per cent, was paid by the
banks and other companies, and the savings banks
also. But if I strike out the phrase, " savings
banks "in the previous section, so that they will not
be compelled to pay three per cent., you will per-
ceive that this section should be left as it is. I say
it should certainly be stricken out in the previous
part of the bill, becausc you will not except what
a man gets from savings banks, and it will go into
his income with whatever income he has, and if
it is over §600 he will pay a tax on that.
Mr. COWAN. I will merely inquire whether
a savings institution is not simply a bank of de-
posit, and whether, if we strike out that phrase,
we may not strike out all, even those who allow
deposits to any amount. If it is to be stricken
out, I would have no objection, if it be qualified so
as to exempt those institutions that receive but
