474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
the time of the Senate for a few moments only,
while I submit the views which controlled my
mind in the vote that I have already given in com-
mittee, and which I shall give upon this occasion.
Perhaps I may be pardoned, also, for saying that
I am no advocate or apologist of the Senator-from
Indiana. I can hardly say that I am his friend,
for aside from a mere casual speaking acquaint-
ance, acquired I know not how, we have had no
intercourse whatever. Yet, sir, that does not pre-
vent me from stating a few facts that appertain to
this case, which influence my judgment.
On the 17th day of last August, five months and
a half subsequent to the 1st day of March, a man
by the name of Thomas B. Lincoln was arrested
in Cincinnati, upon a charge of treason, and on
his person were found two letters, one addressed
by the Senator from Indiana to Jefferson Davis,
and the other to Captain Franklin, of this city,
dated the year before, who had then the charge of
the Capitol extension. It may be a narrow and
contracted and dwarfish view*, but what does not
appear to my mind is not; and I know not from
the evidence what has become of this Thomas B.
Lincoln, Except the simple fact that it appears ho
has been bound over to answer. Surely his trea-
son could not have been of th<* blackest dye, or he
would not have been suffered to go at largo upon
mere recognizance. What his treason consisted in
I am at a joss to know; but I suppose it must have
hud some connection with this transaction, since
thedistrictattorney of Ohio has, through an abund-
ance of caution, refused to permit the original let-
ters to be sent to the Committee on the Judiciary,
but has cherished them so safely and securely as
only to confide to us the copies of the letters. I
presume they are to be relied upon materially to
substantiate the charge against Thomas B. Lin-
coln.
Well, sir, this letter addressed by the Senator
from Indiana, five and a half months prior to that
time, was found on the person of Thomas B. Lin-
coln. Was that letter evei delivered, or did Lin-
coln ever attempt to deliver that letter to Jefferson
Davis? If treason were rankling in his heart, and
the Senator from Indiana designed to aid him in
working out that treason by furnishing an im-
proved fire-arm to the head of that confederated
rebellion, what was to prevent this person from
visiting the confederate capital, so culled, and
delivering that letter for months upon months
before, during the time when intercourse was not
entire!v interrupted ? Was Lincoln restrained
from delivering this letter by what might have
influenced .the mind of the Senator from Indiana
under subsequent circumstances, by the subse-
quentoocuiTeneesof rebellious events ? Now, sir,
1 consider, in judging all these acts, that that fact
is an important one, as connected with the con-
duet and opinions and intentions and designs of
the-Senator from Indiana.
The address of this letter was to "Jefferson
Davis, president of the confederation of States."
I condemn the address of the letter under any cir-
cumstances. It has not my approval or appro-
bation, but it was not treason-, and although 1
hate treason as I do the enemy of our race, I do
not hate it bad enough to convictn man of treason
without evidence, or upon mere suspicion, no
matter,how ably or eloquently enforced.
in order to judge this matter, we should cast
our eyes hack to the 1st day of March hist; and
inasmuch  is we have had suppositions in iavorof
setting aside the repoit of the Judiciary Commit-
tee in this case, ] may also be permitted, perhaps,
to suggest a supposition. Suppose that there had
been no blow struck upon Sumter, and suppose
the controversy had been amicably adjusted and
settled, and this letter had been found upon the
person of Thomas B. Lincoln afterwards in the
city of Cincinnati, what notice would have been
taken of the letter thus found r The circumstances
and the facts surrounding us then and now make
the difFercnec, in the judgment which we and the
people ot this country pass upon the act.
Why, sir, well do I remember that in this Sen-
ate and upon this floor a Senator frcm Texas de-
clared hero, over and over again, that this Union
was dissolved; thatthere was in existence a south-
ern confcdeiacy, and that Jefferson Davis was at
its head; that he owed his allegiance to it; and that
he stayed here just as long as the Senate called
his name; and that when they refused to call his
name he would take- his depuiture for that con-
federation; and yet, aside from an effort made on
the part of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] which was not followed up, no steps
were taken in this body to rebuke that Senator,
or to take any course with respect to him. Well
do I remember that a Senator from Virginia, the
former chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who has recently been made the foot-
ball of diplomacy, declared publicly on this floor
that he owed his allegiance to Virginia; that this
Union was dissolved; that it was a fact accom-
plished; and well do I remember his tone and his
manner. I was a young Senator here then; I am
comparatively young here now; if I had been an
older Senator 1 do not know that 1 should have
said anything. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] has said that courage in the Senate
is as important as courage in the field. It is so,
sir; and a Senator should always manifest the
same courageous spirit whether lie be in the ma-
jority or in the minority. If he be m the minor-
ity, he should exhibit a greater degree, according
to my judgment, a tone and spirit and firmness
of character, repelling insults and misconduct, than
when he is in the majority.
The objcct of this letter was objected to. This
I condemn also, becausc I do not well conceive
how a person of thought, consideration, and re-
flection, could have written such a letter; but still
we have the explanation of the Senator from In-
diana; we had it before the Judiciary Committee;
we have it here. We have his statements of his
intimacy with Mr. Lincoln, running through some
thirty years; that he had been his intimate friend;
in a measure his benefactor; that he had been in
the habit of confiding in him and granting all his
requests in this particular. We have it here, and
I think we had it a little stronger before the Judi-
ciary Committee, that if he had the slightest idea
that there were to be actual hostilities, the Sena-
tor never would have dreamed of giving him any
such letter.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no objection in the
world; but as I never did inteirupt a Senator on
the floor in my life, and do not expect ever to do
so while I occupy a seat on this floor, if the Sen-
ator will refrain until I conclude the remarks I
have to make, I will answer any questions he sees
fit to propose with great pleasure.
But it is said that the Senator from Indiana
gave this letter, recommending an improved arm
to the president of the southern confederacy, in a
time of civil war. It is argued strenuously, and
insisted upon, that the rebellion had not only com-
menced, but that there were actual hostilities—
civil war. Why, sir, well do I remember on the
4th day of last March, when the chosen of the
people of this country appeared before a vast as-
semblage of his admiring countrymen on the east-
ern portico of the Capitol and delivered his inau-
gural addiess, that in concluding that address he
submitted some remarks which I will read. In
speaking of the troubles which then existed in the
I country and the causes of them, and after expos-
tulating with such of his fellow-citizens as he
thought were following an erroneous course, well
do I remember that he said—and in order that I
may not misrepresent him, I read from the address
his exact words:
In your my dissatisfied follow-countrymen, and
not in mine, ^ the 'momentous issue of civil war. The Gov-
ernment will not assail you. You can have no conflict
without being youtselves the asgteabor*. You have no oath
re^istei ed in heaven to destroy the Government, while I
>hall have the most solemn one to < preserve, protect, and
defend" it.
II ,£ I an loth to elo-^c. We are not enemies, but friend15. We
'j mu-tnot he enemies. Though pa<-?ion may have strained,
■j it uui «> i notbieak, our bonds of affection. The mystic cotds
of mount v, tau"chnig fium the buttlo-lldd and patriot griavc
to eveiy living heart and hearthstone ail over tlu^ broad "land,
will \et swell the ciioru> of Union, when again touched, as
}; muoH they will be, by the bettei angels of their natuic."
]\ Mr. President, m the view of our worthy Chief
j; Magistrate, on the 4th day of March last, civil
ji war had not then commenced. On that occasion
;! the President, instead of pronouncing these men
j rebels and traitors, declared them to be friends—
] misguided, it is true. These sentiments were i\p-
■ plauded by a voice which split the very arch of
l heaven. Was the Pr"sideut elect, when he de-
clared these men fi icnds and not enemies, a traitor
himselfr The Senator from Indiana concluded his
letter by subscribing himself as the friend of the
president of the confederate States; and that is
evidence of treason!
One wotd more. This is a day for the estab-
lishment of precedents; we are making new prece-
dents because the exigencies of the time call for
them. Letusbe careful that we establish our prece-
dents upon sure and safe foundations. Let us not
establish them upon mere suspicions. Let us not
establish the precedentthata Senatorcan be turned
from a seat in this body merely because he does
not speak or vote as we desire him to speak and
vote. The Senator from Kentucky will pardon
me if I admit that my mind is too much dwarfed
to be guilty of a thing of that kind, and that I can-
not rise to the high plane of patriotism and states-
manship which he rcquiresat our hands. Let us be
careful in our action that our precedents do not
return upon our heads to plague us. Let us be
careful that our action be not like that of those
guns, which,
" though well aimed at duck or plover,
Bear wide, and kick their owners over."
Sir, in a, clear case I would expel a Senator from
this body if the cannon of the rebels were pointed
at this Capitol, and its crumbling walls were rat-
tling about my ears; but, in a ease of doubt, espe-
cially of grave doubt, I would exercise and apply
that benign principle of the common law which*
resolves all doubts in favor of the accused. Sir,
it is upon that principle in this case, and no other,
because I see much in it to condemn, to complain
of, that I give my vote, and did give it in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,against expelling the Sen-
ator from Indiana from his seat in the Senate.
Mr. CLAUK. Mr. President, on the first day
of March, 1861, one Lincoln, of Texas, a State
then in rebellion against the Government of the
United States, applied to the Senator from Indiana
for a letter of introduction to the president of the
confederate States. I say applied for the letter,
for I will not do the Senator from Indiana the in-
justice to believe he sought out Lincoln,and vol-
unteered to give him the letter. This Mr. Lincoln
was then in possession of "an important improve-
ment in fire-arms,5' and he desired to sell that im-
provement to the rebel government. The Senator
from Indiana knew it, and notwithstanding that
rebellion was flagrant, and civil war imminent,
he gave to the applicant the letter he desired; he
stated the object for which his friend intended to
visit the capital of the rebels, and commended
him to the kind regards of the arch traitor, to sell
an improvement in arms which the Senator well
knew if used at all would be used against his own
Government. The Senator from Indiana knew
that Lincoln was a rebel at heart, for he knew his
purpose to sell arms to the rebel government. His
letter fixes that fact. * *
Lincoln took his letter, and pursued his jour-
ney, with what success I know not, nor is it ma-
terial to this case, for I submit that the act of the
Senator was complete when he furnished the let-
ter to Lincoln, and Lincoln started on his mission.
Returning afterwards to the loyal State of Ohio,
he was arrested for treason; his person was
searched, and the letter of the Senator from In-
diana was found upon him. Quietly it had been
lain in the pocket of Lincoln, safe from all eyes
till drawn out by the officer, proclaiming his
guilty purpose in visiting the confederate States,
and proclaiming, too, that the Senator from In-
diana had knowingly, with a full understanding
of his purpose, most graciously commended him
and his enterprise to the kind consideration of the
rebel-m-cbief, to whom he sought to sell the in-
struments of his country's destruction.
For this act, thus introducing and commending
to the President of the confederate States, a per-
son whom the Senator knew plotted the success
of this lebellion and the destruction of this Gov-
ernment, the resolution of the Senator from Min-
nesota declares the Senator from Indiana should
be expelled. The Judiciary Committee, to whom
the resolution of the Senator from Minnesota was
referred, dissent, and say that there is nothing in
the facts stated which would warrant the expul-
sion of the Senator from Indiana. And this is the
question, and the whole question. I will endeavor
nor to wander from it; I will not follow those who
have preceded me in to collateral matters and issues,
but confine myself entirely to its consideration.
Mr. President, from this conclusion of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary 1 am forced to dissent. It
is to me no pleasure to come to the conclusion
