1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS. I will take you alternately. I wish
the gentlemen toteii mc—both of them—whether
property in slaves can exist or not, whether those
who are called the owners of slaves can have a
property in them or not? Second, whether this
Congress can take fiom the citizens of this Dis-
trict who own real estate, that real estate, or not?
If the gentlemen answer the last question in the
negative, I will thank them to favor me with the
law or the clause of the Constitution which forbids
Congress from taking from the owners of real
estate tlmtdoscription of property,and I will thank
them to refer me to the laws that create a differ-
ent title to slaves and real estate. I hope that I
have rendered myself intelligible, and I assure
them that I put these questions to them with the
most perfect respect.
Mr. MORRILL. If I understand the Senator
he inquires of me whether 1 recognize the right
of property in a slave?
Mr. DAVTS. That is the first question.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, sir, the bill is not spe-
cific, of course, on that subject, but the bill does
recognize the right of the commission to rcccive
a claim for the right of service which the owner
has in the slave, and is predicated upon that re-
lation .
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend will allow
me, I will say that I am not asking the meaning
of the bill; I can read that and understand it my-
self. I am asking for his own principle.
Mr. MORRILL. My personal views?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, sir; I will answer
you in a tiice. I do not hold in the common ac-
ceptation of the term that an owner has property
in his slave, I do not hold that the owner of a
slave owns his slave as he owns his horse. I hold
that the sense of mankind does not regard prop-
erty in a slave as in a horse or in lands. That
is repugnant to the common sense of mankind
throughout the civilized world; and m this in-
stance I hold that the title or claim which the i
owner of a slave has to his slave m this District 1
rests solely and entirely upon an act of Congress, .
and that act of Congress does not establish the !
relation of owner and property, hut establishes
the relation of master and slave. I allude to the
act of Congress extending the laws of Maryland
ov'er the District of Columbia, upon which alone
slavery rests in this District; it has no other h'gal !
basis whatever. It has no claim to existence here
except under the net of Congress of 27th of Feb-
ruary, 180] .extending the laws ofMaryland over
tins District. Repeal that law, and slavery top-
ples and falls instantly to the ground. Therefore
my answer is, that 1 do not recognize the right of
propcity m slaves; but I do recognize, under the
act of Congress of 1801, the relation of master
and s)a\e. That lelatton is absolved by this bill,
and we provide for such compensationasthe com-
missioners shall say is reasonable. That is as
specific us I can make my leply.
Mr. DAVIS. lUy friend's answer was not
quite as broad as my question. It was not lim-
ited to slaves in this District, but it was a question
of general application, whether the owners of
slaves m the District and out of the District have
a property in slaves or not.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator desire an
answer from me?
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Maine did not
answer the other question at all.
Mr. MORRILL. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to being interrogated upon any question
that is germane to the bill; but I think that to go
further would be traveling out of the record. I j
may say, however, that the principles I have now
laid" down in my answer to the Senator's question
would be applicable to any case in the States. I j
hold that there is no precise property in slaves, in |
the sense m which we have propeity m lands, or j
property in horses or other animals. Ithasadif- i
foieut origin; shivery is founded in force, origin-
ates in force, never is maintained anywhere I
except by a statute which is founded in force, i
Slavery is abhorrent to the common sense of man- j
kind. !
Air. DAVIS. My friend will permit mc to say <
that I did not ask him to define the nature or the j
extent of property which a man may hold m a |
slave. My question was generally and broadly i
whether thru* should be propcity held in a slave !
or not—property of any character or any amount.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say that I had designed
to address myself to the Senate upon this subject,
covering some of the objections that have been
brought against this bill. If I shall conclude to
do so, I will endeavor to travel over that part of
the subject indicated by the interrogatory of the
Senator; but for the present I think I shall content
myself with what I have already said.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know whetherthe Sen-
ator from Kentucky desires me to answer the
question he propounded to both of us.
Mr. DAVIS. I do; and I hope your answer
will be a little more satisfactory than that of the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that it will be
any more satisfactory. I deny entirely the prop-
erty of man in man.
Mr. DAVIS. Your answer is more intelligible,
at any rate.
Mr. CLARK. I hold it to be a municipal reg-
ulation confined to the power which undertakes
to exercise it, either by positive enactment or suf-
ferance which allows one man to take another and
make him toil for him; much less one man to take
another's wife and sell her,and sell his children,
and it ought to be abolished in the capital of a
nation like. ours.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know whether it is in order for one Sen-
ator to catechize another on these abstract ques-
tions ad infinitum. I think gentlemen should ad-
dress themselves to the Chair, and discuss the
subject before the Senate. It may be very inter-
esting to know what are the abstract opinions of
gentlemen on some questions; but they have noth-
ing to do with the subject now before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As a question
of practice and a question of courtesy, it has been
usual for a Senator addressing the body to yield
to another propounding a question. Unless the
Senator on the floor does yield, it is not in order
for another Senator to put questions.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course. These questions may
be abstract to the Senator from New Ilampshiie,
but they are not so to me, and I think they are
germane to the subject before the Senate. The
next question I put to the two gentlemen was this:
whether Congiess can deprive the owners of real
estate in this District of their property? If Con-
gress cannot exercise that power, what provision
of the Constitution or what law prohibits Con-
gress from the exercise of that power, and what
law createsa difference between property m a slave
and any other subject of property?
Mr. CLARK. The answer is implied in what
1 have already said, that I do not believe one man
can hold any property in another. If the gentle-
men desnes me to go further and answer the ques-
tion whether Congress can take a man 5s property,
as we understand property, for public use with-
out paying for it, 1 will say that 1 undeistand the
Constitution to be plain that Congress cannot
do it.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, will the honorable gentle-
man state what clause or provision of the Consti-
tution prevents Congress from taking the real
estate of the owners of real estate in this Dis-
trict ?
Mr. CLARK. I refer to the clause of the Con-
stitution which prohibits Congress taking private
property for public uses without compensation.
Mr. President, I was a little surprised to find how
much the Senator from Maine was mistaken in
regard to the purpose and charactcr of my amend-
ment, and also to find that the Senator from Illi-
nois was mistaken in ics;ard to it. A moment's
consideration will show the Senate that the words
cited by both these gentlemen are not in the sec-
tion proposed to be stricken out. They have
wandered into other parts of the bill. I desire to
include m the petition a declaration that the man
has not borne arms against the Government, and
has not given any aid or comfort to the rebellion,
for the purpose of making the petitioner swear to
it when he comes into court. I submit to the Sen-
ator fiom Maine whether his bill does that, whether
by the piovisions of his bill the petitioner is re-
quired to swear that ho has not borne arms against
the Government or given aid and comfort to the
rebellion. I think it very desiiable tha.t when a
man comes into court he should state his case in
regard to that under oath. It does not shut out
other evidence; it does not exclude the court from
trying the issue; but it obliges the'petitioner when
he comes into court, not only to declare that he
is now loyal, but that he has never borne arms
against the Government or given aid or comfort
to the rebellion. I submit to Senators if it is not
desirable to have that in the petition. If,it is not,
they will reject the amendment; if it is, let it be
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say a few-
words upon the subject of the power which Con-
gress claims to exercise over this question. It
seems to me that the reason why this power has
been so uniformly and so generally conceded-is
that the question of power has never been carefully
examined. I laid down a few days ago this prop-
osition—and I defy the Senator from Maine or the
Senator from New Hampshire to refute it—that
there is no positive written law which establishes
property in a slave or in land or in a horse or in
any other subject of property, that the law upon
that subject arises from the uniform custom and
usage of the civilized world. And I laid down this
further proposition: that my legal right to my slave
was precisely of the same nature and character
with my legal right to my land; and that if I were
a citizen of the District of Columbia Congress
would have no more right to deprive me of the one
subject of property than of the other.
Both the gentlemen deny that property can exist
in a human being. That is their broad proposition.
Upon that point I am totally at issue with them,
and I am sustained by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and by the judgment of the Supreme
Court and of all the circuit judges of the United
States wherever the question has been mooted and
decided. The Senator from New Hampshire now
concedes explicitly that Congress has no power to
take from the people of the District their houses or
their lands, or any other property but their slaves,
as I understand him. I ask the gentleman for the
law or the provision of the Constitution which
forms the interdict, and he explicitly gives itto me.
It is the provision that no citizen's property shall
be taken'for public use except by due process of
law and upon just compensation. I maintain that
that prohibition on the power of Congress applies
as legitimately and with as much truth and logic
to slaves as it does to ical estate.
My proposition a few days ago was that slavery
was general, that the abolition of slavery waslocal;
and that proposition I sustained by reading from
the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall in the case of
the Antelope,and he sustained the opinion which
he rendered in that case by quoting from the de-
crees of Lord Stowell of the admiralty court of
England, who was a greater judge than ever Chief
Justice Mansfield was. They both decide this
principle broadly and without any sort of reserva-
tion or condition, that slavery and the slave trade
existed by public, national law.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I take issue with him on that
point. It is acknowledged by international law
only in such nations as recognize it.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; my honorable friend is
mistaken there, and I will tell him wherein, in my
judgment, he is mistaken. I differ always with
great diffidence from one whom I deem to be the
ablest lawyer in this body; but I do differ with
him on this point. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in*this decision rendered by Chief
Justice Marshall, decided that slavery and the
slave trade existed by national law, and that this
national law may be repealed locally by the proper
legislation of every country upon the earth; and
that this national law, recognizingslavery and the
slave trade, exists in every country save in those
countries where, by positive enactment, it has
been repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. That, to my mind, amounts
to precisely the same proposition that I stated.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. I will read from the
opinion in the case of the Antelope again, and I
will read from several other opinions. 1 know
| that gentlemen are becoming impatient for the
j sacrifice; but here, sir, I stand up m my place in
j! the Senate Chamber of the United States, and I
jj maintain the rights of a people who have no self-
j1 government, and who have no representation in
this Chamber; and although gentlemen may be
restive under the exercise of this right of mine,
which I claim, to appear here in defense of the
rights of property of the people of this District,
they will have to submit to that resUveness. In
