2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. COLLAMER. But the collector has a
district, and he wants to know, through himself
or deputy, whether every person in his district
has paid for a license or not. Under the section,
as it now stands, a man may pay a collector out
of the district.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might change it
in the sixteenth line, so as to read, " upon pay-
ment to the collector nearest to him, or deputy col-
lector."
Mr. COLLAMER. I would have no objection
to that.
Mr. HOWE. I will suggest to the Senators
that the return, the facts necessary to fix the
amount to be paid for licenses, is made to a certain
assessor. That return is made to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue knows that some collector
ought to have so much money for alicense from Mr.
Brown, who basset up the business of a rectifier.
The object of designating that this duty should
be paid to the collector nearest to Mr. Brown, was
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue might
know to whom to apply, or might know in whose
return to look to see if there was-any defalcation
or any deficit. Otherwise, the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue would have to inquire of all the
deputies in the collection district, and perhaps of
all the collectors in the State, to discover the one
who was in default; that is, who had Mr. Brown's
money, and who retained it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that on looking at section five he will see that
striking out the words " nearest to him" will be
enough, for they have districts. Section five pro-
vides:
That each coHectorsIiall be autlioi ized to appoint, by an
instrument ot'wutin* under Ins hand, many deputies as
he may tlunk pioper, to be by him compensated for their
service*, and also to revoke tin* powers of any deputy, giv-
ing public notice thereof m that portion of the district as-
signed to such deputy.
He must, thorefo.ro, be assigned to a particular
district, and I suppose it will be enough to say
" payment to the collector or deputy collector of
the district."
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that it is not tt ue that this assess-
ment of what the licenses arc taken for is to he
sent to the Commissioner of Internal Re venue,and
then furritshed to the man by the assessor, but it
is to be canied to the collector, and the collector
is to license him. That is the way the section
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The amendment can be made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr HOWE. I shall not object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. My amendment is to strike
out the words " nearest to him," and insert " of
said district."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none; the amendment is agiced to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 65 is this clause:
Wholesale dealeis in liquoi<of any and every descrip-
tion, including distilled >pn its, fermented liquors, and wines
of all kinds., shall pay.^iU!) for each licence. Everv pcifou,
other than the di-itillei, who shall sell 01 olfet lor*sale any
Mich licjuoo or wines ui quantities of more than three gai-
Joni> at one tune, to the miiic puithasei, shall be regarded
as a wholesale dealer in Iiquois within the meaning ot tins
act.
After the word " distiller," in this definition,
"or brewer" should i>e added.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another pro-
vision in regard to brewers on the 67th page.
Mr. COLLAMER. The brewer should no
more be treated as a wholesale dealer, having taken
out a license as a brewer, than the distiller should
be. I move, in the thirtieth line, page 65, after
the word " distiller," to insert "or brewer."
The. amendment was agreed to.
.Mr. COLLAMER. On page SO, in section
sixty-five, relating to the duties on manufacturers,
occurs this provision; it is another case of hen:
And such duties, and whatever shall lie the. expenses
of lev \ j shall be alien tiom the daj pio&eubed by the Com-
mi-^iouei lortheu pa\mcntalotesaid,in lavoi of the United
Stales, upon the s?aid leal and pei>onal propeity of such
inamilacuuei, and such hen may be enforecd by distraint,
a-5 piovided m the general provisions ot this act.
I move to strike out all between the words
** duties and ii may," so as to have the clause
read simply: "And such duties may be enforced
by distraint, as provided in thegeneral provisions
of this act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And have no lien?
Mr. COLLAMER. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am opposed to this whole
idea of a lien. Take the case, say of a manufac-
turer of any kind of goods, wares, or merchan-
dise: lie has made a parcel of goods; he has car-
ried them to market and sold them; he has made
his return within the month that he has sold them;
he has notpaid the duty on those that he has sold;
he has a.large quantity on hand, and that prop-
erty can be taken by distraint for the duty which
he has neglected to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose he has not any
on hand ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Then you get nothing by
yourlien. Nowthequery is this, whether onthat
which he has on hand or on his other property or
on his lands there should be a lien in favor of the
United States against honest purchasers of that
property or that land. A man buys not knowing
whether the manufacturer has paid his last return
af duties or not, not understanding the law; the
mass of the community will not understand this
law and will know very little about it. The ques-
tion arises whether the Government should have
a lien on a man's property for the duties, so that
whoever buys of him a horse or a carriage or any
other property on which the Government has not
distrained, and which yet remains in his hands,
is liable to lose that property. It is a question
who shall lose—the Government or the innocent
purchaser? Ifitbecomes necessary, I cannot but
say that I prefer that the Government should lose
rather than that an innocent man should have prop-
erty taken out of his hands which he purchased
without any means of knowledge as to the exist-
ence of this lien; he cannot know whether the
man paid the duties or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it worth
while to strike out that clause. We have given
up all the other liens, and I think wo may as well
retain this. This act will get to be understood. I
do not see what security the Government have
against fraudulent sales if you have no provision
of the kind ? What it is intended to guard against
is this: a man may accumulate and sell off all his
goods in the course of a month, when nothing can
be collected during the month, when no collection
can be made, and then dispose of all his leal estate
at the same time, so as to prevent the Government
getting the large amount of duties that it might be
entitled to. This law, to be sure, like all other
laws, will not be understood at once, and in some,
individual cases it may work hardship; but as a
general rule it is very seldom that communities
see a man selling out everything he has got with-
out understanding, even if they buy, that there is
some particular reason for it which they ought to
know, which it is their duty to know, but which
perhaps if they can make a pretty good bargain
they will nottrouble themselves to know. Itworks
so in private transactions, and I do not sec why it
should not in relation to these manufacturers, who
generally hold their real estate for the particular
purposes of their business. I do not believe the
provision will do any great harm, and really I
think we ought to look a little to the protection of
the Government as well as individuals who may
possibly purchase-. It is a matter for the Senate
to decide. It strikes me that the clause ought not
to be stricken out.
Mr. CLARK. I think the clause is not obnox-
ious to the objection made againstit by the Senator
from Vermont, as he will see if he looks at it care-
fully. As I understand it the duty is not to be
paid until the end of the month, and if he will look
at it carefully he will see that the lien is not cre-
ated until demand made, after the goods are sold.
Of course the lien is not upon the goods sold, but
upon the personal and real property of the man-
ufacturer. I think it does not carry the lien upon
the goods he has sold.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, it does not do that.
I do not say it does that.
Mr. CLARK. Upon what is left?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes.
Mr. CLARK. So that the honest purchaser
would not suffer so far as the goods sold were
concerned, and the lien would only apply to those
that might be sold after that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Might there not be an
honest purchaser afterwards? The question is
who shall lose.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one more amend-
ment to offer, on page 124, section eighty-six, line
thirteen; and it appeals a little to the integrity of
gentlemen. This section relates to the income
tax, and it provides that that tax shall be levied
on all income exceeding $600, except "income
derived from salaries of officers, or payments to
persons in the civil, military, naval, or other ser-
vice of the United States, including Senators, Rep-
resentatives, and Delegates in Congress." In
relation to these salaries there is a previous pro-
vision in this bill that the disbursing officer shall
take out three per cent, of every man above $600,
and in that way all who have anything due from
the Government pay the three per cent.; but when
it comes to putting a duty upon income, the bill
puts a duty on all people who have an income
from any sources whatever above $600. Now,
it will be perceived by turning to this section that
when it puts a duty on all incomes above $600, it
excepts those derived from bank stock on which
the three per cent, has been paid by the bank, and
those derived from salaries or payments from the
Government, because that is supposed to be de-
ducted; but m fact $600 is not deducted; the three
per cent, is only deducted from what is above
$600; §600 of it is left without any payment on it
to the Government in the shape of a tax. Now,
if one of us is fortunate enough to have a little
income at home, besides what he gets here, what
will be the result? Suppose, when I get home,
they are making up an income tax on me. I say
to them, " Ry the law you cannot take any of my
salary, becausc that is excepted; my salary is
$3,000 a year; it is all excepted; the terms of the
law are such." The answer is," Butyou did not
have the three per cent, taken out of your first
$600; the three per cent, was only taken out of
what was above $600." As it stands, we get out
$600 heie, and we may get out $600 mure at home.
We have $600 excepted here when the disbuising
officer computes the tluce per cent.; and yet when
our income is computed at home, the bill excepts
all that we. derive from the Government. I wn-
tme to say that when that is discovered, as it will
probably be, by the people at home, they will say
it is a trick of ours by which we actually get out
$600 twice; that we pretend to pay three percent,
on it when we do not. The object of my amend-
ment is to reach that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do you propose as
an cvnendment? If the Senator is right about it
it was an oversight and ccrtainly should be cor-
rected; butl cannotseeit. 1 should bo very sorry
to have the bill go out in any shape which would
allow such a construction as the Senator puts
on it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator can see it on
turning to the part that makes the exception.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Beginning in section
eighty-five, on page 123, it provides:
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid annually,
upon the annual gains, pioflts, or income ot eveiy person
re^idiuc* in the United States, whether deiived Jionj anv
kmdol piopeity, rents,interest.dividend*, salaries.oi from
any prolession, tiade, employment or vocation carried on
in the United States or el*evvheie,oi fiom any othei >ource
whatever, except an heieinafter mentioned, if such annual
gains, profits, or income exceed the sum ot §000, a duty of
three pm cent, on the amount of such annual gains, prof-
its, or income over and above the said sum of £600.
Is that what the Senator refers to ?
Mr. COLLAMER. [ refer to the scction where
the exceptions are made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the next section,
section eighty-six. It provides:
That in estimating said annual gains, profits, or income,
whether subject to a dutv, as provided in this act, of tluce
per cent, or of five per cent, all other national, State, and
local taxes, lawfully assessed upon the pioporty or other
soujees of income of any person as aforesaid, fiom which
said annual gams, profits, or income of such person is or
should be derived, shall be lir^t deducted fiom the cams,
piofit<, oi income of the person or persons who actually pay
the same, whether owner or tenant, and all gams, piotits,
or income deuved fiom salaries of officers, oi payments to
persons in the civil, imiitaiy, naval, or otiier service of the
United States, including Senatois, Representatives* and
Delegates in Conjrres-', &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the first place, the section
before laj's the tax upon all income of all kinds over
six hundred dollars. This goes further, and pro-
vides that there shall be certain exceptions in com-
