1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the-case of the Antelope, (lOWheaton's Reports,
120,) the court say:
The question whether the slave trade Is prohibited by
the law* of nations has been&ei jously propounded, and both
the affirmative and negative of the proposition have been
maintained with equal earnestness.
That It is contrary to the law of nature, will scarcely
be denied."
I never denied it myself; but I say that the law
created by the usages of mankind overrules the
law of nature in relation to this subject. What is
the law of nature? My honorable friend from Ver-
mont might have one code of the law of nature,
and other gentlemen might have other codes of the
law of nature. When this traffic was indulged in
by the civilized world, and the States of Massa-
chusetts and Rhode Island were inundating the
colonies with slaves torn from Africa, and selling
them for a price, what was the law of nature then
in Massachusetts that indulged such a traffic: and
what was the law of nature then in the civilized
world ? What is the law of nature now in Turkey
and in China? What was the law of nature in
Europe two centuries ago? What is the law of
nature in Utah? The law of nature varies with
the altered condition of civilization and the con-
dition of the world; and what is the law of nature
in one age and in one country and in one genera-
tion, is not the law of nature universally. It is
because of this want of uniformity in the law of
nature, and because there is no common tribunal
to ascertain and define and establish what the law
of nature is, that it has been uniformly decreed
to be subservient to the positive laws of any coun-
try, and to the laws of nations, as established upon
the usagesof the civilized world. But I will read:
" That it is contrary to the law of nature will scarcely be
denied. That every man has a natural right to the fnntsof
his own labor, is gene) ally admitted ; and that no other per-
son can rightfully deprive him of those fruits, and appio-
priate them against his will, s< ems to be the necessaiy re-
sult of this admission. But from the eailiest times wai has
existed, and war confers rights in which all have acqui-
esced. Among the most enlightened nations of antiquity,
one of these was, that the victor might enslave the van-
quished."
That was once a principle of the law of nations
as recognized by the whole world. I admit that
that principle has been exploded and properly ex-
ploded by the Christian civilization of this age.
" This, which was the u*age of all, could not he pro-
nounced repugnant to the law of nations, which is certainly
to be tried by the test of general u-'agc. That which has
received the assent of all, must be the Jaw of all.
lt Slavery, then, has its origin in foiee ; but as the world
ha? agreed that it is a legitimate lesult of foice, the Mate ol
things which is titus pioduced b> general consent, cannot
be pronounced unlawful."
What does Chief Justice Marshall here decide ?
That although slavery has us origin in force and
is against the law of nature, yet as it has been uni-
versally recognized by the civilized world, it ex-
ists and is acknowledged by the law of nations.
<c Throughout Christendom thi> harsh rule has been ex-
ploded, and war is no longer considered as giving a light to
enclave captives. But this triumph of humanity has not
been universal. The paitie-< to the modern law of nations
do not propagate their principles by force; and Ah km has
not yet adopted them. Tlnoughout the whole extent of
that immense continent, so fat as wo know its history, it is
still the law of nations that prisoneisare slaves. Can those
who have themselves renounced tins law, be permitted to
participate in its effects by puichasing the beings, who are
its victims
Here is a principle to which the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine referred:
" Whatever might be the answer of a moralist to this
question, n juil^t must search font-, lcg.il solution in tho-.e
principles ol action which ate sanctioned by the u-nges, the
national acf^, and the gencial a^ent of that poitioa of the
wotld of winch he consider* himself as a part, and to whose
law the appeal is made. If we ie>oit to this standatd as
the test of international law, the question, as ha> alieady
been ob^-ei ved, is decided in favor ot the legality of the trade.
Both Europe and America embarked in it; and for nearly
two cenfuiies it was earned on without opposition and
Without censure. A jurist could not *aj* that a pi act ice thus
supported was illegal, and that those engaged in it might he
punished either personally or by deprivation of piopeity."
Now, I ask the attention of the Senator from
Vermont to this point in the decision:
" In this comnieice, thus sanctioned by universal assent,
evety naiion had an equal right to engage. IJow is this
i ight to be lost ? Each may runounce it for its own people 5
but can this renunciation affect others? No puucipic of
geneial law is more universally acknowledged than the per-
fect equality of nations. Russia and Geneva have equal
rights, ft lesults from this equality that no one can right-
fully impose a mle on another. Each legislates tor itself,
but its legislation can opeiateon itself alone. Aright,then,
which i> vested in ail r>y the cousentof all, can btf divested
only by consent; and this tiade, in which all have partici-
pated, must remain lawful to those who cannot be induced
to relinquish it. As no nation can proscribe arulc for others,
none can make a law of nations; and this traffic remains
lawful to those whose Governments have not forbidden
it.5'—10 Wheaton, pp. 120-122.
There is the principle.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has a pe-
culiar way of reading that decision.
Mr. DAVIS. I read it according to the letter.
Mr. COLLAMER. Gentlemen who are tena-
cious about that particular form of reading, are
utterly incapable of being answered to their satis-
faction. I cannot, by any version I can give if,
satisfy the gentleman; but every lawyer who read
that case and other cases cognate to the same sub-
ject in other books, understands it thus: when a
question comes before a court in relation to a prize
of a vessel engaged in the slave trade, upon the
broad law of nations they cannot declare it a prize
if the nation to which the vessel belongs make
that business legitimate. That is all there is in
that decision. It is that the law of nations recog-
nizes slavery as existing and lawful in those na-
tions that make it so; and that is all.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a little more, Mr. Pres-
ident, notwithstanding the gentleman's position.
It decides that the slave trade was once practiced
by all the civilized nations of the world, and it
decides, furthermore, that it cannot be restricted
except by positive legislation of the countries that
choose to restrict it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman permit
me one momenton that point? When it was uni-
versal, it was because it was made so by the acts
of the several nations themselves. It was not a
law of nations; it was the law of each nation, and
therefore of all; but it was a law for each nation
that made it, not an international law; and the very
fact that some nations may repeal th.it law, and
prevent its being operative on them, while others
may retain it and have it operative on them, shows
that it is not a part of the law of nations, for that
law cannot be changed in that way. Another
thing: it never was a law of nature. The laws of
nature can never change, until nature and nature's
God change.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman is still mistaken.
I admit that the law of nations was made by the
practice of nations, and that is what this opinion
says. I will read an opinion directly that will
show it conclusively—an opinion of Judge Mc-
Lean himself. Neither the Senator from Vermont
nor any other Senator here can find any positive
expiess law of any nation upon the earth sanc-
tioning the slave trade, except the Constitution of
the United States, winch continued the traffic until
the year 1808.
Mr.COLLAMER. Allow mc to say to the gen-
tleman that on that point I take distinct issue with
lum. The Constitution never continued the slave
trade one day. lt merely said that Congress
should not interfere with the importation or im-
migration of such persons as the States might
think proper to admit until after a certain time.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Vermont has
informed me that he cannot convince me. I agree
with him in that proposition; and there is another
proposition on which there is even less doubt than
on that m my mind,and that is that I cannot con-
vince him. Therefore I will proceed with my
speech as though my honorable friend was not a
hearer at all.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of the Antelope, laid down the doctiine and
the principle that the law which regulates the slave
trade and establishes it as a legal traffic arises from
custom and usage alone, not from positive enact-
ment; and fuither, that the law of nations recog-
nizing the validity of the slave trade once existed
among all the civilized nations of the world.
France had colonies m the West India Islands;
England had colonies there; so had Spam, Por-
tugal, Denmark, Sweden, Holland; and each one
of those nations was engaged in the slave trade.
Their usage for two centuries, according to the
language of this decision, established the slave
trade as a legal traffic. It existed, not by positive
law, but by usage and custom conformed to by all
the civilized nations of the world; and having that
authority and that extent of existence, the only
way in which it ceased to exist anywhere in any
of the countries of the earth, was by positive local
prohibition. I believe that Brazil still continues
the trade. By what authority? By the law of
nations. So far as any nation has not by its own
positive legislation, or by its treaty stipulations,
prohibited the slave trade, it still exists in that
nation, and with its people and subjects asalegit-
imate tiade sanctioned by the law of nations. The
court say:
"No principle of general law is more universally ac-
knowledged than the perfect equality of nations. Ku«sia
and Geneva have equal lights, it results from this equality
that no one can rtghtlully impose a rule on another. Each
legislate- for itself, but its legislation can operate on itself
alone. A right, then, which is vested in all by the consent
of all, can be divested only by consent; and this trade, 111
which all have paiticipated, must remain lawful to those
who cannot be induced to relinquish it. As no nation can
presctibe a tule lor others, none can make a law of nations,
and this traffic remains lawful to those whose Governments
have not foibidden it."
Suppose the United States Government had
never made the slave trade piracy, would it not
still exist as a legitimate trade to the people of the
United States, in which they might enter? Most
certainly. The Supreme Court have decided this
principle again and again. It is true that where
a nation, either by its positive enactments or by
its treaty stipulations, proscribes the slave trade,
it is not lawful for the subjects or people of that
State or nation to enter into that trade; but that
constitutes the exception. This case just as ex-
plicitly and as undeniably establishes the position
that if a single nation upon earth stands out, and
fails or refuses by its legislation or by its treaty
engagements to proscribe the slave trade, the slave
trade still exists in relation to that nation as a
legitimate traffic. So much for the decision in the
case of the Antelope.
Now, sir, I will read another authority, and it
is the authority of the judge dwelt upon with so
much pleasure and high approval by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
the other day, Judge McLean. In the case of
Henry Miller vs. George McQ,uerry, (5th Mc-
Lean's Reports, p. 472,) he said:
" No proof, it is contended, has been offered to show that
Kentucky is a State in which slavery is authorized by law.
And a discussion in the Senate of the United States is re-
feued to, in which certain Senators declared there was no
law m the South expressly establishing slavery. Tt is with .
regret that I hear this argument relied 011 in this case. It
was used by gentlemen of the South to justify the intioduc-
Uon of slavery into oui Tertitoiies without the authoiity of
law. In Gioves vs. Slaughter, a Mississippi case, icported
in 15 Peters's Repoits,450, l he Supreme Court of the United
States declared thatslavery was local, and that it could not
exi-t without the authouty ot law ; that it was a municipal
regulation "
I observe that gentlemen smile at this quotation.
Let them wait a moment and they will see that it
is explained, and it is shown that the position here
quoted is not the true position. Slavery is not a
municipal regulation, and the learned judge shows
it in this very opinion, as you will sec presently.
What is a municipal regulation? It is a regula-
tion that is made by local, civil law. Here is the
slave trade, not founded, not created, not having
its origin or sanction in local law at all, but by
the universal custom and usages of the civilized
world, as decided in the case of the Antelope, and
as this learned judge himself recognizes:
Whether this law was founded upon usasre, or express
enactment, is ot no importance. Usage ot longcontinuauce,
so long that the memory of man lunncui not to the con-
tiaiy, has the foiee ot law. It arises from long recognized
rights, countervened by no legislative action."
That is the whole case. Usage makes national
law, usage makes public law; that establishes in
what subjects property exists, and establishes
what is legitimate trade among the nations of the
earth. This opinion so decides, and it decides that
when usage has established these principles they
cannot be abolished, or varied, or modified, ex-
cept by legislative enactment.
" It .irises from long recognized lights, countervened by
no legislative action. Tins is the ^ouice ot many of the
principles of the common law. And this for a century or
more may constitute slavery, though it be opposed as it is
to all the principles of the common law of England. 1 speak
ot Afucau slavery.15
The same opinion continues:
" But such a law can only acquire potency by long usage.
Now, it may be admitted that m some of the southern
States, perhaps in all ofihem. theie cannot be found a stat-
ute winch contains the words: 'And be it enacted, that
siavety shall exist.'"
That is a historical ami a legal fact. So far as I
know or have read—and 1 admit that my reading
has been very limited compared with that of the
learned gentleman fiom Massachusetts—there is
not a positive written law in any of the States of
Europe that ever indulged in this traffic, sanction-
ing and legalizing it. That law which most di-
rectly come3 up to the point ofestabiishing the slave
