1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
trade is found in the Constitution of the United
States which permitted its continuance until J808,
and that at the instance of Massachusetts and
other northern States. They were sustained in
that action by Georgia, South Caiolinaaitd North
Carolina; Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jer-
sey went for the immediate abolition of the slave
trade, and it would have been abolished at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution by a pro-
vision to take immediate effect if it had not been
for the resistance and the opposition made to it
by South Carolina, North Carolina, and Georgia,
and Massachusetts and Connecticut and some of
the other northern States. Judge McLean in this
decision says:
" Now, it may be admitted that, in some of the southern
Slates, pethap-5 in all of them, there cannot be found a
statute which contains the woids: { And be it enacted that
slnveiy shall exist;' and this was what was. denied in tlie
Senate. But tins does not shake the decision of the Su-
preme Com t above icfened to. Us-aye of great antiquity
ncqunes the foiee of law. The denial theietore that sla-
very exi-sted by virtue ot an exptess law, or by statute law,
which was intended to tie denied, was no denied at ail.""
That is what Judge McLean decided. It was a
case of this chaiacter: a slave had eloped fiom
the State of Kentucky; there were certain citi-
zens of the State of Ohio who gave aid to that
slave m making his escape to Canada; they were
.sued under the law of Congress for giving that
aid, and they were held to pay damages for hav-
ing aided the slave to escape. The counsel for
the defense assumed as one of the grounds of de-
fense that there was no positive law, no statute
enacted in Kentucky, at least none shown upon
the tiial, winch established slaveiy. Judge Mc-
Lean conceded that to be the fact; but instead of
that being a denial that the right of property ex-
isted in the claimant, he expressly stated in words
that it was no denial at all. In the case of Jones
vs. Vanzandt (2 McLean, 602) the same learned
^udge said:
l£ In our colonial governments, and under the, confeder-
ation, no general piovisjon existed Ibi the suiiendei ot
slaves Fiom our eaiiiest histoiy, it appeals that slavery
existed m all the colonies."
blow did it exist in all the colonies? Not by
positive enactment, not by any positive law; it
existed only by public, national law, based upon
the usage of the civilized world,and theengaging
in the slave trade of the whole civilized world.
That is the origin and foundation of the slave
trade; that is the origin and foundation of the
pioperty of the owner of a slave to that slave; and
Judge McLean decided m this case that, for the
defense to assume that theie was no statute, no
positive law giving to the claimant of a slave a
right of property in the slave was no denial what-
ever of his right of property. In the case I last
referred to—Jones vs. Vanzandt—Judge McLean
said:
uFiom our eailie-t history it appears that :=lavet\ ex-
isted in ai! the colonies; at the'adopt ion ot tile Federal Con-
i-tiriHion i( wa- toleiated in mo.-t <>t the States.
'* I'iop'M tv, n al or personal, takes Us designation trom
the laws of the States. It was not the object of the Fed-
eial Go\vinin',nt to iogulat'1 piop< itv A Fedei<d (Jovrm-
ne'Mit vv.is organized by eunfemng on it certain delec.ited
poweis, and by imposing certain resit letmns on the States.
Among these lestrietions it is ptovided that no State shall
nnpaii Uie obligation of the eonfiau, nor libeiatc a peison
who is1 held to labor in anothei State from which he es-
caped in this foim the Constitution protects eonttaefs
and the ri^htof the master, but it originates neither."
There is a decision in which the right of the
master to his slave is expressly recognized, and
it is recognized lo the foi m and extent of giving
a judgment for a large sum of money against a
citizen of Ohio who hud aided a slave to make his
escape: and yet the honorable Senator from New
Hampslur^and the honorable Senator from Maine
assume that there can be no property m slaves.
Weil, sir, I have got some more law upon that
subject. We aie all familiar with the provision of
the Constitution that authorized the reclamation
of fugitive slaves from the States. We are famil-
iar with the provision that establishes the ratio of
representation on the basis of three fifths of the
slaves, including all the white population and the
free population. We are all familiar with the pro-
vision that bases direct taxation on the same basis
of population. We are all familiar with the pro-
vision that continued the slave trade up to 1808.
What did Congress do? In 1793 it passed a fugi-
tive slave law to authorize the owneis of slaves
to reclaim them. That law was decided by the
Supreme Count to be constitutional. Now, sir,
it property cannot exist in a slave when a slave
escaped from the State of Kentucky and went to
Ohio, a free State, what principle of law, or of
reason, or of common sense would authorize the
courts of the country to render a judgment in fa-
vor of the claimant, the owner of that slave, who
putsued him into the State, against a man who
aided in his escape? In 1850 another and a more
efficient fugitive slave law was passed. The con-
stitutionality of the previous fugitive slave law of
1793 came up in the case of Prigg against the State
of Pennsylvania, in which the opinion of the court
was rendered by Justice Story, and the other
judges gave their opinions seriatim. Every judge
of the Supreme Court decided that law to be con-
stitutional. It would be absurd and nonsensical
for the court to decide that a law is constitutional
for pursuing a subject of property in a State in
which subject the right of property cannot possi-
bly exist! I will read a clause from that decision.
The provision of the Constitution is in these words:
" No person hold to seivice or labor in one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
Irom such seivice or laboi, but shall be delivcied up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be
due.'5
I admit that the Legislatures may regulate the
property of the owner of a slave in the slave. I
admit that the Constitution treats slaves as per-
sons as well as property; that it is murder, in my
State, to kill a slave; that if a slave is treated with
inhumanity, the laws provide a mode by which
the slave may be taken fiom the inhuman own^r
and sold; but the law may make the same pro-
visions in regard to horses and stock. If horses
are treated with cruelty and brutality by the own-
ers, the Legislatures of the State in which such
owneis live may regulate the usage which the
owner may make of his horse, and compel him
to observe the laws of humanity and mercy in
the use even of a dumb beast, as well as of a
slave. That only proves that the law makes
different regulations in relation to different sub-
jects ofpioj>eity> according to their nature. The
law may regulate the use which the owner of real
estate may make of his leal estate m towns, and
does. He cannot establish a potter's field upon
his lot; he cannot, I believe, in my State, treat
his beasts, horses at least, with barbaiity. If he
does, he is subject to a penal law that fines him.
He cannot murder his slave. He holds posses-
sion of the slave, and has the right to the service
of the slave, and that is all the properly that could
exist piactically m a s.lave. A man cannot kill a
slave, and barbecue him and cat him. lie would
not be disposed to do that. These laws do not
interfere with the just use of slave property at
ail. They permit to the owner of the slave every
free and proper use of the slave of which that
slave is capable, notwithstanding then object is
to preserve the laws of humanity and mercy in
the ownership of the sla\o; and so of a horse.
But because the law makes different regulations
in relation to dliferent species of pi operty, aceoid-
ing to the natnie and e^senee of that property, it
does not at all prove that the propmty in all the
classes has the same origin. That origin, as I
said before, is in universal usage and custom.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the genileman
from Kentucky, with his permission, whetherall
property has its origin in force? Slavery cer-
tainly has.
Mr. DAVIS. Property in a horse has its origin
in force. The hoise has to be subdued, broke,
and reduced to obedience to the laws and usages
of his ownei • and so of many other things. There
is property in wild beasts, in the lion that once
prowl'-d i)i the forest. In many at I icles property
can exi.st only by force, and does exist by force.
Rut that is immaterial to the issue. Here is
first the Constitution dcclautig, and then hero are
the courts m all their judgments in which the
question came up, deciding that property does
exist in slaves, although it has its origin in force
and against natural law. Let nie read from the
j decision in the case of Pugg vs. Pennsylvania.
I After quoting the clause of the Constitution for
i the rendition of fugitive slaves, the court say:
| £i The la>t clause is that, the tiue interpretation whereof j
j in dnecth in judgment before us. Histoucallv, it is well I
j known that the object of this clause was to secure to the j
' citizens of the si.iveholdmg State-5 the < oiriplete right and j
' title of ownei ship m then slave*, as propel ty, m eveiy State
| in the Union into which they might escape trom the State
j wheie they weie held in servitude. The full lecogmtion j
! of this right and title was indispensable to the security of
this species of property In all theslavHiolding-States; and,
indeed, was so vital u> the pieservation of then domestic
inteicsts and institutions, that It cannot be doubted that It
constituted a fundamental article, without the,adoption of
which the Union could not have been formed, fts true
de&ign was to guard against the doctrines and principles
pievalent in the non-slaveholding States, by preventing
them from intermeddling with, or obstructing or abolishing
the rights of the owners of slaves."—16 JPeters's Reports,
p. 611. r 9
Could anything be more clear or specific? Here
the right of property of the owner in a slave is fully
recognized by the decision of the Supreme Court.
That decision was rendered by Mr. Justice Story,
and all the other members of the court sanctioned
and approved the same principle. He states it as a
matter of history that the incorporation of the arti-
cle recognizing the full right of the owners of slaves
to that property and providing thatif they escaped
and went into other States the laws of those other
States should in no degree and to noextent interfere
with the right of the owner to the slave, was the es-
sential condition upon which the Constitution was
formed and without which it never would have
been formed. Any gentleman who reads Mr. Mad*
ison's Papers, in which he gives the propositions
and debates of the convention upon the subject of
slavery, will, if his mind is not wholly obfuscated
by prejudice, give immediate consent to the prop-
osition heie laid down by Judge Story. I could
refer to a dozen cases decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States and by the circuit court
of Ohio, of which Judge McLean was presiding
judge, recognizing in the most distinct and unquali-
fied terms the right of property of the owner of a
slave. There have been various cases tried in that
State and in Indiana, and in Michigan, in which
all these questions came up, and in every solitary
case it was urged in the clearest and most conclu-
sive L-gal logic that the right of the master to pur-
sue his slave and take him wherever he found him
without committing a breach of the peace, was se-
cured to him by the Constitution and by the fugi-
tive slave law; and that if any citizen interfered
with that right and aided the slave m making his
! escape, that citizen should respond to the claimant
of the slave in the amount of the damages which
i he sustained by such interference. The ordinance
i of 1787 has a peculiar provision in relation to the
i reclamation of slaves. Theie was a slave sought to
i be reclaimed from Indiana in contravention to that
| provision—I have the case here—and Judge Mc-
Lean decided explicitly that the provision of the
Constitution of the United States and the fugitive
slave law controlled and overruled tho provision
in the ordinance of 1787, and authorized the recla-
mation of the slaves precisely according to the let-
ter of the Constitution and of the fugitive slave law.
Now, Mr. President, we are entering upon a
new epoch. We have had some great and abomin-
able and most mischievous heresies attempted to
be put into practice m the southern States, in the
State of Kentucky, and 1 believe without a soli-
tary exception every one of those heresies had its
origin m the State of Massachusetts, and I will
give the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
some facts directly, too, which he well knows,for
he is a very learned historian. The State of Mas-
sachusetts and the commercial States of New Eng-
land entered early and largely, and with great
profit, into the slave trade; they brought the mass
of the slaves that were imported from Africa, into
the colonies and into the States* up to the year
1808. There was a celebrated shipper of Rhode
Island, Mr. De Wolf, who continued the traffic
largely, with enormous profits, up to the time that
was prescribed by the Constitution for lis cessa-
tion. Itisa veiy differentmatternow. The British
statesmen admit that neither the States of the Uni-
ted States nor colonies were responsible for the ex-
istence ofslaveiy in them, but that slavery owed
its origin to the cupidity and to the commerce of
the mother country; but as that traffic arose and
extended, and became profitable, the enterprising
shippnrsand colonists of t he North entered largely
and with greatremuneration into it. They brought
in their hundreds and their thousands, and they
sold them for cash at large prices. After having
themselves planted this noxious weed in society,
violative of the principles of humanity, if you
please, and of the law of nature, so soon as the
Constitution prohibits them fiom continuing this
lucrative traffic they turn around and want to
emancipate the slaves that they had before sold to
innocent persons!
The honorable Senator [Mr. Sumner], said in
