478;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the exception that interest was therein included,
unanimously passed this House at the last session
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress. No action was
taken upon the bill by the Senate, and the case
now comes back to the House. The Committee
on Public Lands have unanimously directed me
to report the bill of last Congress. 1 feared, how-
ever, that objection would be made to the pro-
vision for the payment of interest, as it is in vio-
lation of the ordinary rules in such cases. I have
therefore reported a bill simply providing- for
refunding to the petitioner the amount of money
which he paid for the hind referred to m the
report on the 27th of January, 1845.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman if the practice of this Government is gen-
erally to allow interest upon such claims?
Mr, TRIMBLE. It is not; and therefore I
have not reported in favor of allowing interest.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether it is intended that this pay-
ment shall bo in full settlement of the claim of
Mr. Strong?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Strong will have no
claim upon the Government after the paymentof
this sum. We simply ask that he shall be repaid
the money which Jie paid for the land.
Mr. P. A. CONKLfNG. Would it not be well
to provide in the bill that the payment shall be in
full of nil claim ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. There is no necessity for any
such provision. The Government never has al-
lowed interest; and therefore he will have no claim
for interest; and the payment of the fifty dollars
will be a payment in full.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If this person takes this
fifty dollars he has no further claim upon the
Treasury. The bill ou ht to be passed immedi-
ately. It is one of the clearest cases I everknovv.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- j
ingly read the third tune, and passed. j
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the vote i
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to :
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. I
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSHUA KlSir.
Mr. RUFFINTON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Joshua Fish; which was laid on the
table.
JAIL IX THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to bo the consideration of report No. 11,
made by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia (which was postponed until to-day) in refer-
ence to visitors to the jail in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DELANO. This report came up for con-
sideration nno week ago to-day. It was made
upon a reference to tin: committee of"a resolution
introduced by the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fenton.] It was a simple question
whether the marshal of the District of Columbia
had made certain regulations excluding Senators
and members of Hie House of Representatives
from the jail of the District of Columbia. The
committee Imvo repot ted with entire unanimity as
to the facts which they weie lequired to investi-
gate. Those facts may be briefly stated.
Mr. FRNTON. Will the gentleman fro
sachusetts give way for a moment?
Mr. DKLANO. 1 will, for inquiry.
Mr. PliNTON. I wish the gentleman to give
way to a motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill for one week, fur the reason
that the report was not printed until last evenin<*
or this morning. ®
Mr. DELANO. 1 do notgive way for that pur-
pose, and with em nc regard to the gentleman from
. ew York, 1 will say I do not feel, upon reflec-
tion, that tile public good lequires that t hcreshou Id
be any tiiilhu- postponement of this matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man yield to me a moment;
Mr. DELANO. For an inquiry.
Mr. KLLLOGCi, of Illinois. | wish to iom 'i 1
witu niyii.end from New York [Mr. Fentok! in
the request that tin' consideration of this bill should
be postponed; and 1 wish to .state to the gentleman
the reasons why 1 desire the postponement. I
have this moment had placed in my liandsastate-
ment in relation to this matter, and which I have
January 24,
not had time to read. From a hasty glance over the
papers I am perfectly satisfied that I have in my
hands a showing which will exonerate the person
upon whom imputation has been cast in the other
end of the Capitol, and upoa whom imputations
may be cast here. I hope the gentleman will
agree that it may be postponed until we can all
more fully understand this matter. I think it
would be only just to the gentleman assailed.
Mr. DELA3NT0. As I regard the gentleman
from Illinois as the personal friend of the gentle-
man whose character was impeached by this in-
quiry, I cannot but accede to his request. At the
same time I would say, that inasmuch as the re-
port of the committee entirely exonerates his
iriend, the marshal of the District, I cannot see
why it should be thought necessary to putin here
any accumulation of documentary evidence; but
in deference to his request, I accede to his sug-
gestion.
Mr. FENTON. It is for the reason stated by
the honorable member of the Committee for the
District of Columbia that 1 wish the subject post-
poned. The House has not been in possession of
the printed report until this morning, and there
has not been sufficient time for members to exam-
ine it. That is my reason for wishing the subject
postponed for one week, and I now make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (S. No. 34) authorizing certain officers of
the Navy to accept presents offered by the Japan-
ese Government; when the Speaker signed the
sume.
Vom Mas-
INDIAN INTERCOURSE ACT.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the unfinished business of Friday last, being a bill
(H. R. No. 384) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes,and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"
approved June 30, 1834, reported back from the
Committee on 3 ndum A flairs with an amendment.
Iho lull provides that the twentieth section of
the Indian intercourse act of 1834 shall be so
amended as to road as follows:
See. *20. Jindheit /uifAcrcnarterf, That lfany pet son shall
^ell, evchange, give, barter, oi dispose ot any spintousliquoi
or wine to any Indian, oi shall uitioduce or attempt to in-
troduce any spirituous liquor or wine into the Indian coun-
tiy, fcmii person, on conviction thereof before the proper
dhtriet couit of the United States, shall be imprisoned for
a pnnod not exceeding two years, and shall be fined not more
than $300 : Provided, however, That it shall be a sufficient
detente to any chaige of intioduciiigor attempting to inlro-
tfuco liquoi intodie Indian countiy if it bopiovedto lie done
by mder (it'the Wai Depaitment, oi ofanv oftieoi duly au-
tlioi i/.cil theielo by the War Department. And if any super-
intendent of Indian allinrs. Indian agent oi sub-agent, 01
commanding olficer of a military post, has leason to suspect
or is nifoiniod that any white person or Indian is about to
intioduee or ha.- inhodueed any .spirituous liquor or wine
into the Indian counlu, in \iolation of the piovisions of
this .section, it shall lie lawful foi such supeuntendent, agent,
siili-ngcm.orcoiiiniauding officer tocausethe boats,stores,
packages, wagons, sleds,and places of deposit of such per-
son to 1)1- seal eiicd ; and it any slK h lirjnoi i  found tlieicill,
the same, together wilh the boats, teams, wagons, and sleds
ntcd in conveying the amc, ami a I ■ o the good.s, pae k;eres,
and (iciti ies ut such pcison, shall lie seized and delivered to
tile piopei office!,andshall be piocecded against bylibet in
the piopcr com t. and loifeited, one lullf to the infoi nier and
the other half to the use of the United States; and if such
poison beatiader, bis hcensc shall be revoked and his bond
put ill suit. And it shall moreover be lawiul lor any person
in the service ot the United States, or for any Indian, to take
ami destroy any aident spirits or wine found 111 the Indian
coiiuliy, e\eept such as may bo introduced therein by the
, 'f department. And m all cases arising under this act
Indians shall be competent witnesses.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported an
amendment to insert in lines ten and eleven tlie
following words:
Under the chaigc of any Indian superintendent or Indian
agent appointed by the United States.
Mv. Cox, on Friday last, submitted the following
amendment: °
Insert in line fbity. ufterthe word country,"the follow-
ing: u with tile intent to dispose of it to the Indians."
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, there was a
and of running discussion when tins bill was re-
pot ted last week, but, as happens in all eases where
a bill of any complication is before the House
winch has not been printed so as to be submitted
to the inspection of the House, the remarks made
in relation to it weieundoubtedly very indistinctly
understood. I propose, therefore, briefly to ex-
plain the nature of the bill, and to make a remark
or two in.relation to tho amendment, and that is
all that I regard as necessary at this time.
This is no new legislation. The bill itself is
but an amendment of an existing statute. By the
twentieth section of the intercourse act, liquors
or spirituous liquors or ardent spirits, or what-
ever may be the proper term—happily I am not
very familiar with this kind of "contraband,"
and therefore may not be technically precise—but
I say that, whatever may be the term, the law as
it stands prohibits the introduction of spirituous
liquors into the Indian country, and it annexes
heavy penalties to the sale of such liquors within
the limits of that country. Now, sir, it has been
found, as is represented by gentlemen from dif-
ferent parts of our frontier, that this prohibition
is unavailing by reason of the evasion of it; and
while liquors are not offered for sale within the
Indian country, or, perhaps, are offered for sale
and the penalties are inflicted and paid, they are
also offered for sale on the outside of the limits of
the Indian country, and work all the evils that
were intended to be prevented, without being sub-
ject to the prohibition of the law. And it is sim-
ply for the purpose of subjecting to the same pen-
alties as are imposed upon the sale of liquors
within the Indian country, the sale of liquors to
Indians under the care of the Government outside
of the Indian country, that this bill is introduced.
So much in relation to the bill. I trust that it
will meet the acceptance of the House, for on this
principle it seems to me that it commends itself
to the approbation of every one who desires to
save as long as possible that fading remnant of the
original possessors of this country, and save them
from the vices to which they are subjected by the
unholy ministrations of its present possessois.
Now, in relation to the amendment proposed
by the committee. The bill originally provided
that any sale to any Indian should subject the
vendor to the penalty, but it was at once seen that
there was a class of Indians within the old States
to whom this bill ought not to apply, because they
are not under the care of the Government of the
United States; they are there under the piotection
of the Stale laws, and it is not advisable to extend
the United States laws within the limits of the
States for the purpose of protecting the morals or
habits of the people any further than is absolutely
necessary. Hence, sir, this amendment is pro-
posed by the committee to the bill, and I trust it
will receive the support of the House.
A word now in relation to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
which is, that the penalty shall not attach to the
introduction of any liquor into the Indian coun-
try unless with the intent to sell it to the Indians.
I believe I state the effect of the amendment.
Sir, I hope that amendment will not be adopted.
I am opposed to it for the reason that I think it will
tend to defeat the very object of the bill. The bill
already provides that it shall be a sufficient defense
if the liquors are introduced under the direction or
with the permission of the Secretary of War. If,
therefore, in^any case it is proper that ardent spirits
should be. introduced into the Indian territory,
they will be introduced under the sanction of the'
Government who have the care of tho Indians, and
of the Indians whose territory it is, and who have
a right to be protected there against all comers.
The nextobjection to the amendments, that under
this proviso liquors would be introduced, it would
be difficult to determine whether they were intro-
duced with the intent of sale or not, and the pur-
pose of the bill could be defeated, for it could only
be proved that they weie introduced with such
intent when the sales should actually have been
made. It does not seem to me, therefore, that the
amendment ought to commend itself to the judg-
ment of the House. With these remarks I sub-
mit the question to the House.
The amendment repoited by the Committee on
Indian Affairs was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. It is true
that this is merely proposed as an amendment
to an existing law. The committee who have re-
ported this bill, amending the law, must, how-
ever, be aware of the fact that the law of 1834, to
which this is an amendment, was made to cover a
very different state of facts from what exists in
ft great portion of the frontier at present. At the
