1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
time that law was passed none of the citizens of
the United States were by law authorized to go
into the Indian territory, unless they did it by the
permission of some authorized agent of the Gen-
eral Government. That state of fact does notex-
ist at present. If the committee had examined
the existing laws in relation to portions of the
frontier, they would have seen that the Govern-
ment of the United States itself has invited the
people of the United States to enter upon and set-
tle the Indian territory, and by their own laws
have said that those who did soshould be rewarded
for that settlement by a certain amount of the very
land that was then owned by the Indians, and to
which the Indian title was not extinguished.
I would respectfully call the attention of the
House to the position of the people of the Terri-
tory which I represent upon this floor. In 1850
Congress passed a law giving a certain amount
of land in the then Territory of Oregon—which
also covered what is now the Territory of Wash-
ington—to those who would settle in that countiy
at a time when the Indian title to the lands was
not extinguished. This was an invitation by the
Genera! Government itself to the people of the
United States to settle upon the Indian lands in
the Indian country; and in consideration of that
settlement they were to receive from the General
Government a title to a certain portion of land.
It will be seen, therefore, that a different state of
facts exists now from what existed at the time
the intercourse law was passed to which this is
proposed as an amendment. If the men who,
under that invitation from the General Govern-
ment, went out to that country should take with
them liquors, perhaps, as some member of the
committee suggested, for medicinal purposes, it
would be a violation of this law of 1834,and would
also be a violation of this bill if it should be en-
acted. The law could not be enforced. There
is in the Territory of Washington and in the State
of Oregon a district of country to which this bill
is intended to apply, where peisons have settled
under the invitation of the Government, to which
1 have referred, and now gentlemen decline to per-
mit an amendment here that will protect them m
their rights ns citizens of the United States.
I would suggest to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox,] who has offered an amendment to the
bill, that he offer his amendment to come in m
another part of the bill.
Mr. COX. I would say that I intended my
amendment to come in in the twelfth line on page
2 of the bill, so that it will read:
Shall intioduce, or attempt to intioduce, an) spirituon?.
liquors or wtno into the Indian countiy with the intent to
dispose of it to the Indians.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. That is
where. I was going to suggest that the amendment
should cojne in. *
Mr. COX. It will make no difference if it comes
in again in line forty, though the plnaseology
would have to be modified somewhat in order to
make it germane and proper.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. The bill
would then read:
Or shall intiodace, oi attempt to intioduce, any spintuun^
liquois or wine into the Indian countiy with the intent to
dispose of it to the Indians,.
While the hill, thus amended, will have the
effect intended by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
it will also protect the citizen, in the honest and
legitimate pursuit of his business, from being
harassed by persons seeking to enforce this law.
If the bill should pass as it was repoited, citizens !
who might have liquor in their houses for medi- I
cinal or other purposes would violate this law and ;
be subject to its penalties. The amendment is ■
intended to protect that clnssof persons from being :
harassed under the provisions of this law. I pre- |
sume that neither the House nor the Committee |
on Indian Affairs have the wish to impose tins j
hardship on innocent men. ;
But the gentleman from New Hampshne asks '
" how are you going to punish persons wito may J
take liquor into the Indian counti y, if you adopt
this amendment'" I will say to that that thoio !
is one way of meeting that supposed difficulty.
The intent of a man's acts is always foreshadowed
by those act-?. If an individual takeo liquor 'nto
the Indian country and makes a drchuation to 1
any person that he has done so tor tin? purpose ,
of trafficking in it with the Indians, or if he sells or j
gives liquor to Indians, that shows the intentwith i
which he took the liquor there. If, however, the
liquor be taken there for medicinal or other proper
purposes, the citizen would be, as the bill now
stands, as liable to the penalties of the Jaw as if
the liquor were introduced from improper motives.
There are, in that section of country, thousands
of miners. Although in the Indian country, very
fewofthe Indians mingle with them. Their num-
ber will, I have no doubt, be increased in the
coming season to one hundred thousand. Every
one of these miners who takes liquor with him is
liable to the penalties of the law. I would have
these men protected.
I was living on the frontier in 1834. I have
lived on the frontier ever since, and I live on the
frontier now; and 1 can state, from my own ex-
perience, that the law of 1834 has, with very few
exceptions, remained a dead letter on the statute-
book. This law, if you pass it in its present form,
will also remain a dead letter. Why then enact
laws that will not be executed, when you can as
well enact laws by which the desired objects can
be effected ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a simple question ?
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As I understand
the gentleman, he seems to think it exceedingly
important that some one should have the right to
introduce liquors into the Indian country, to be
used for medicinal purposes—do I understand him
correctly ?
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. No,sir. I
merely made use ofthatremark in connection with
a statement made by the member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs who reported the bill.
Mr. MORlRILL, of Maine. I take it from the
gentleman's language that he does consider itirn-
nortant that liquor should be introduced into the
Indian country for medicinal purposes, or for pur-
poses other than use by the Indians. Now, if it
be necessary for the white man to have liquor there
as a medicine, why not pro\ ide in the bill that the
poor sick Indian should have some of it adminis-
tered as a medicine ? The bill does not contain any
such provision. On the contrary, the Indian is
forbidden, under pains and penalties, to get a drop
of liquor for any puipose whatever. I hope the
committee will amend the bill in that respect. If
it be a good medicine for the white man, why not
also for the red man ? We find that liquor de-
moralizes the one as well as the other. Let that
amendmentbe introduced, and 1 have no objection
to the bill.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington. I fully agree
with the gentleman from Maine. I am no apologist
for the use of ardent spirits in the Indian country or
anywhere else. But this bill seems to concede to a
certain class of people, as the law of 1834 did, the
right to lake liquor into the Indian country for the
purpose of traffic with them. There is no penalty
imposed on the Indian by this or the former bill.
The penalty is confined entirely to the person who
takes liquor into the Indian country as an article
of traffic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill does not
permit the Indian to have liquor for any purpose
whatever.
Mi. WALLACE, of Washington. That is
true. Whether that is light or wrong is not the
question now under consideration. 1 think that
if the gentleman who reported this bill from the
Committee on Indian Affairs will reflect on the
peculiar condition of the settlements on some of j
the ft ontieis—I only speak of the Territory which
I represent here—he will sen that the effect of the
bill will be diffeient from that intended by the
committee. But the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio makes the bill what, i pre-
sume, the committee intended it to be. If I go  
into the Indian country in pursuit of my lawful t
business, taking liquor with me for my own use, j
I presume it is not the intent of the committee to
have the penalties of the bill imposed upon me.
It is to guaid against such a case that this amend-
ment is proposed. 1 trust that it will meet with
'the npptoval of the committee and of the House. i:
Mr. WATTS. 1 dt.snv to move an amend- >.
ment to the amendment: '■
Th.it the Piiehio Indians aie not included m /
ilu> tcini •• Indians.:J 'i
I wish to explain to the House as briefly as I :i
can the object proposed by my amendment. We j.
have within the Territory of IsVw Mexico sixteen !'
thousand of a class of Indians called Pueblo In-
dians; in other words, town Indians; who are not
regarded by any person who is acquainted with
their character and history as subjected to the
Indian intercourse act of 1834, to prevent trade
with the wild tribes of the country. These Pu-
eblo Indians have existed within the Territory of
New Mexico since a period eighty-two years
before the Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth
rock. They are now residing in the same locality,
cultivating the same fields, and living by the same
industry as they did when they were first discov-
ered by the Spanish colonists who peopled the
valley of the Rio Grande.
The difficulty about the existing law is this: that
while it provides penalties for selling liquor to the
Indians in the Indian country, it does notprovide
any punishment for the sale of it outside the In-
dian country. It will suggest itself to the mind of
every one who reflects for a moment on this sub-
ject that it is better to allow liquor to be sold in-
side the Indian country than outside of it; for
when the Indian gets drunk outside of his own
country, he perhaps kills a white man, whereas if
he gets drunk in his own country, it is an Indian
he kills. That is the reason why it has become
neccssary to change the Indian intercourse law,
so as to provide penalties for the sale of intoxica-
ting liquors to Indians outside of the Indian coun-
try as well as within it. That intercouse act was
made for the Indian country as it existed prior to
the war with Mexico. Its boundaries did notthen
extendeithei UiNewMexicoorCalifornia. When,
therefore, that section of country was brought
within the jurisdiction of the United States, under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, we had a sec-
tion over which the Indian intercourse act did not
extend. When that acquisition was made, there
was no Indian country within the Territory of
New Mexico, because the Spanish people took a
I more sensible view of this question of Indian title
; to the soil than that which we took of it. They
! took the view which our ancient New England
fathers took of i-t. They resolved that the land
belonged to the saints; that they were the saints,
and that therefore the land belonged to them.
They never acknowledged, in their jurisprudence
or otherwise, any title in the Indians to the soil
over which they roamed. And, inasmuch as we
acqmied thatTerntory from the republic of Mex-
ico, with no limitation on our rights, except what
existed in the laws of that republic, therefore all
the Indian country within the Territory of New
Mexico came to us uuincumbeicd with any title
of the Indians.
Then, as a remedy for the want of existing
legislation upon that subject, the Legislative As-
sembly of New Mexico undertook to provide
penalties for the sale of liquor to the Indians then
in thatTerntory; because the Indian intercourse
act did not operate upon any other than Indian
country, and there was no Indian country within
the limits of that Territory, according to the de-
cision of our Supreme Court upon that subject.
They passed this law:
u "Uvety peiwho flmll baiter, sell, or give away any
f.pwituou'-; liquor to any Indian in thi^Teiritoiy. thai I, upon
conviction bofoie any justice of the peace, or on indictment
in the dMnet c.iuit, he fin^d its any Mini notices than five
dolkus and not cveeedmg (j200, one hall'of *.,nd fine to the
county m which said conviction is had and ihc other half
to the Teiutoiy: Provided. That Pueblo Indians that live
among u.-* aie not included in the woid £ Indians.'53
Now, sir, the object of the amendment I have
suggested is to make the laws of the United States
harmonize with the existing laws in the Territory
of New Mexico, and in order that the remedy may
not conflict with these two jurisdictions. This
territorial law has been repoited to Congress; it
has never been disappioved by th$n,and it may be
considered, theiefore, to all intents and purposes,
as a valid law of the United States until it lias
been repealed by the Legislative Assembly of New
Mexico or disappro\ed by Congiess. And inas-
much as it was found right and proper, under all
the circumstances surrounding this tribe; inas-
much as theyaie as industrious, temperate, law-
abiding, ond sober people as can be found m any
poinoii of the United Suites; inasmuch as the In-
dian intercouise act has not and cannot properly
be extended ovi them—because if they are \wtlnn
that act the superintendent may properly drive
them from their present residences where they
have been living, having titles to their lands ema-
nating; from the Spanish Government, dating back
