1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wore satisfied of that. I have no doubt that that
falls very far below the average loss, the average
outage or leakage, or whatever it may bo called.
The Senator from Illinois has just stated to the
Senate the result of one manufacturer yielding a
product of 612,953 gallons, and there was a dimi-
nution of that quantity amounting to 74,000, or
twelve per cent. I hold in my hand returns made
at different times of different shipments from Illi-
nois to Boston. Here is one inspection of 2,066
gallons, made on the 31st of March, and there
were 333 gallons lost, over fifteen per cent. Here
is another inspection, on the 3d of April.of 2,051
gallons, and the loss was 187, a little less than ten
percent. Here is another inspection of 2,059g
gallons and the loss was 282i, a little over thir-
teen percent. Hereisanotherinspectionofl,032j
gallons, and the loss was eighty-five, or about eight
per cent. Here is another inspection of 1,020 gal-
lons, and the loss was eighty-three, just about eight
percent. Here is another inspection of 2,040 gal-
lons, and the loss was 357, over fifteen per cent. 1
had one other certificate of inspection where there
"was some defect of cooperage, and the loss was
over thirty per cent. The inspection was by the
same house. Here are a series of inspections right
along, one after the other, of different shipments
all made this spring, and the lowest amount of
leakage was eight per cent.; the highest was over
fifteen.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the Senator will not
pretend that the person who furnished these fur-
nished the lowest amount of leakage there was.
He only took probably the largest examples.
Mr. HOWE. I only judge by the dates.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the Senator cannot
say that these were all the shipments to that
house.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot.
Mr. CLARK. They probably selected the
most marked examples of loss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from Wisconsin whether the course ho is pursu-
ing is exactly fair. When a committee has con-
sidered a question of this sort from the beginning
to the end, and fixed upon an amount and put it.
in the bill, I have never known before that a mem-
ber of the committee, after that, should come in
and give statistics to change the whole thing,
without any notice to the committee. I cannot
keep contesting over and over again things that
the committee have once settled.
Mr. HOWE. I do not ask my friend to con-
test this at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am bound to stand by
thereportof the committee,asitconiesin here,and
yet I have the members of the committee them-
selves upon myshoulders trying to breakitdown;
one in one thmgand one in another. I have never
known that coarse taken in regard to any com-
mittee before that has been taken with me in ref-
erence to this bill. Something must be settled and
concluded.
Mr. HOWE. My friend is mistaken, I
think 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notatall mistaken about
this. We talked it over some time. I drew the
amendment, read it to the committee, and it was
adopted unanimously, without a word of dispute.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I can only say it was of-
fered to the committee when I was not present;
for I never voted upon any such proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you are bound by it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand theSenator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you were not present
it was your own fault. It was the action of the
committee.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I only make the
remark to show that I am not bound by any com-
pact to that specific amendment. But I want to
say in the same connection that the chairman read j
that amendment to me in the committee room. I ;
had an amendment, that I had prepared myself, to I
effect this very object, but I did not see fit to piess !
mine as against his, and I did not. The amend- j
ment befoie the Senate was prepared outside of!
the committee loom, without consultation with j
me. It was offered here by the Senator from Il-
linois; and I deem it important to a very large
interest; I deem it perfectly just to the Govern-
ment; and those are the only matters that interest
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. He
certainly does not care so much about having this
tax bill passed in the very form in which it is re-
ported as to be willing to do injustice to anybody,
whether to the Government or to individuals. He
does not want to do injustice to anybody, I know.
We are not bound to stand by this report as we
have made it. The chairman himself does not
feel bound to stand by it, and he hasnot stood by
it. He has indulged in the pastime of proposing
amendments here, and having them adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing but formal
amendments to make the bill correct.
Mr. HOWE. Amendments to make the bill
better.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Changes of phraseology.
We overlooked some things.
Mr. HOWE. The chairman knows that there
are a great many very good excuses for not having
proposed in committee every proposition which
the different members of the committee might en-
tertain favorably. We had not an opportunity to
discuss every proposition, and besides we have
been getting information from time to time, after
particular subjects were acted upon in committee.
This evidence was submitted to and put into my
possession after the committee had acted on this
subject. Now, I assure the chairman of the com-
mittee, and I assure the Senate, that there is not
the slightest reason nor the slightest necessity
why we should do injustice to anybody, and I
believe, as much as 1 believe anything, that the
proposition submitted by the Senator from Illinois
is better for the Government than is the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the committee,
and why? Because that proposes to put it in the
power of the Government to sleep with the goods
from the time they are made until the time the
revenue is paid; to be with them, with its eye
constantly on them, for they cannot go out of the
manufactory except to go into the legal possession
and custody of the Government itself, and they
remain in its custody uutil the duties ate paid.
Thcffi is no credit, and you have the responsibility
of the goods themselves.
The alternative proposition is to let them go
without the custody of the Government, relying
upon a bond that these duties shall be paid. Now,
there are two objections to that. One is urged by
the manufacturer. He says he is frequently ship-
ping every day in the week, and almost invari-
ably four or five times a week. He has to give
bond every time he ships. A responsible man
does not like Lo give these bonds. All irresponsi-
ble man will not have any objection to them, but
an irresponsible man will have difficulty in giving
good bonds. The result will be just this: your
collectors will be peddlers of bonds; they will take
from the manufacturer a certain bonus as a con-
dition for taking a certain kind of bond, and your
security will not be worth anything in a very
short time with a great many of your collectors.
There is no responsibility on the part of the col-
lector; he gets the bond and lets the goods go. I
do not think the security is ample. I prefer to
put the goods into the custody of the officers of
the Government, let them be shipped to the market
in its custody, and let the amount, the quantity
which arrives there, be ascertained and the duties
paid on that. There is not the slightest objection
to having the liquors inspected before they are
shipped, but there is a very grave objection to
compelling the duties to be paid on that inspec-
tion, because then they would be paid upon an
estimated sale; whereas if you have them rein-
spected in the market, then you know what the
real quantity that arrives there is. The two ob-
jects aimed at by the manufacturers are that they
shall not be put to the trouble of giving these
bonds every day in the week, and that they shall
not be compelled to pay this heavy rate of duty on
more liquor than they sell, and that is absolutely
necessary to give them any chance whatever with
the eastern distiller. The eastern distiller uni-
formly pays only on what he sells; but you make
a western distiller pay on fimn ten to fifteen per
cent, moie than he sells, and he is under just that
much disability, and the eastern distiller has just
so much that advantage over him.
There is no necessity for imposing this burden.
You can make the Government more safe, and
ascertain the exact quantity which is sold. It is
suggested by the chairman that this five per cent,
was not the true amount. He is under the im-
pression that it is sometimes more than the actual
loss. Then the Governmentloses upon this esti-
mate. lie will admit that it is sometimes less than
the actual loss, and then the individual loses. It
always does injustice; whereas by haying a rein-
spection when the article arrives in the market,
and a payment upon that rei inspection, equal jus-
tice is done both to the Government and the indi-
vidual. •
I really hope the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois will be adopted, and I am Very
sorry indeed to be thought by the chairman of the
Finance Committee to have stepped out of the line .
of duty which really attaches to a member of that
committee, in urging this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not say that. I want
my friend to understand me. I only say that when
I come in here and prcaeftt propositions which the
committee instruct me to do, it seems that I am not
representing the committee, I am only represent-
ing myself, because up gets A or B or some one
else and protests against it. It is placing me in a
very disagreeable position; that is all.
Mr. HOWE. 1 did not understand the chair-
man of the committee to offer that amendment as
the amendment of the committee, and I never un-
derstood it to be passed upon by the committee;
but I certainly do not controvert the fact. If he
says so, it is undoubtedly so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I read it to the commit-
tee, and the Senator said that on the whole he
thought it better.
Mr. HOWE. I said the Senator read it to me,
but I did not say that it was better than mine, and
yet I refused to press my own against that.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know,Mr. President,
that it is necessary to have any crimination or
recrimination as to this matter. I suppose we are
all here to do the best we can, and if a man hap-
pens to change his opinion after he agrees to the
report of a committee, he is to suggest that, if it
be for the benefit of the country; and I suppose
that is no reflection—I trust it is none—on that
member of the committee who is intrusted with
making its report—the best report it has to make
at that time. I may say that I have heretofore
stood by the report, as a geneial rule; and where
1 have not stood by it, I fancied myself justified
by a change of opinion. This subject is envi-
roned by a good many difficulties, contemplate it
in whatever aspect you may. The real object is,
somehow or other, to enable the distiller of ardent
spirits to avoid the difficulty of advancing to the
Government almost the value of the whole amount
of his commodity. This tax is, in fact, doubling
the price of whisky. To call upon a man at the
time he has prepared his whisky for the market
and ask him to pay the whole value of it over to
the Government, before he takes it to the market,
is a hardship which anybody can appreciate, and
which all can see. The committee were; of course,
desirous of avoiding that.
The most obvious remedy was to postpone the
payment of the tax until he had carried his liquor
to the market and sold it; but there was this diffi-
culty attending that course, that the manufacture
is so extensive and contains within itself so much
capital that if we gave him time to get his returns
from the market, he might pocket the money, and
go away, and make enormously by defrauding the
Government of its revenue; and we had no secu-
rity by taking a lien on the distillery, because the
amount of the taxes might be ten times the value of
the distilleiy,and that is the reason why the pro-
vision is found in the bill that he shall pay every
ten days, because in no other event would the dis-
tillery be a sufficient security for the amount of
the tax which would be due from him.
The first amendment which might be suggested
to avoid this difficulty is to allow to the manufac-
turer time to get his returns from the market.
That I behove will be forty-five or fifty days. The
second is the one suggested by the Senatoi fiom
Illinois, to put into the hands of the collector the
manifest of the shipment and allow him to hold
that, and when the returns are made to draw upon
the consignee for the amount of the tax. Tbat I
believe is°his scheme. There is this difficulty at-
tending that: who shall be the collector in that in-
stance ! Shall it be the collector of the district who
receives the manifest from the distiller, or shall it
be the collector of the district 111 which the con-
signee resides who receives the money, and must
necessarily receive it, from the consignee if the
business is transacted in the ordinary way? The
third plan is the one now suggested by the chair-
man of the committee, and that is to allow the dis-
