1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of them perished by disease, and by the want of
pure air; and they were taken to England in these
miserable prison-ships, that were worse than even
the inhuman practices of the secessionists now.
A colonel in the United States service put in the
jail of Worcester, Massachusetts, by way of re-
taliation, some of the British captives; and the
men of Massachusetts there interfered and liber-
ated a portion of these captives, some of whom
escaped; and the Legislature of Massachusetts
passed a resolution withholding from the General
Government the use of their jails for the confine-
mentof captives from the British ships and armies
in retaliation for the same usage with which they
were treating our soldiers and our seamen whom
they had captured; and lhey passed a resolution
declaring that the keepers of those jails should
upon a particular day discharge those captives.
Massachusetts originated a project—and it was
strenuously and urgently recommended to the
people of all New England—that New England
should form a separate treaty with Great Britain,
retiring from the war and from the other States,
and providing that after the conflict was over, if
the United States prevailed and were victorious,
the seceding or neutral States should again return
to the Union.
We have, then, in the example of that State,
nullification. She attempted to nullify the laws
of Congress and the Constitution of the United
States which gave to the President, as Commander-
in-Chief, the absolute command over her militia
when it was mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States. She attempted to nullify a law of Con-
gress that established an embargo: she declared
that it was of no validity and obligation upon the
State of Massachusetts. It was proposed that the
New England Statrs .should make a sepaiate and
distinct treaty with Great Britain, and abandon
the other States m that war for the liberty and
freedom of the seas. Massachusetts passed laws
withholding her prisons from the use of the Uni-
ted States military officers to confine British cap-
tives m, notwithstanding the cruel and inhuman
manner 111 which our prisoners were treated by
the English authorities; and she aided those pris-
oners toescape. The gallant Lawrence whose last
and dying words were," Don't give up the ship,"
moved outof a harbor of Massachusetts in an un-
equal contest against the Shannon, and when he
fell upon that bloody quarter-deck, a delegation
consistmgof Crowmnshield and others came from
Boston or Salem, I have forgotten which. to bring
his remains to the city to be interred. Governor
Strong and other men high in authority refused
to attend the funeral cortege and join the last rites
of sepulture to that hero, and did all they could
to suppress it.
Here, Mr. President, is the secession flag; heie
is nullification; here is neutrality, if you piease,
in the history of Massachusetts; for Massachu-
setts wanted to be neutral in the war of 1812. All
these doctrines had their origin in that Stati*.
What did the citizens of that State do in addition 5
They spread themselves along the coast, and when
it was beleaguered by British ships they held out
blue lights, as signals to the enemv of their coun-
try; they proclaimed that Great Britain was the
bulwark of our religion, and that it did not become
a Christian people to lejoiee over our victories.
Now, Massachusetts convs forwai d to school us,
to teach the Union States and the Union men who
abide by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, their duties and their loyalty. Why, sir,
as late as the annexation ofTexas, the Legislature
of Massachusetts passed resolutions declaring
that Massachusetts had never delegated the power
to admit into the Union Territories which did not
belong to the Union at the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States—
"And that in whatevei manner the assent of Massachu-
setts may have been given or mterted io the admi^ion of'
States which, bv general consent, lonn a part of the Union,
fiom sueh temtoiy, the admission ot ^ueh State.-,, m the
judgment o( Ma^u'cbui-ett^. Umnx no piee« dent for the ad-
mission of Texas oan'never be mteipieteii to rest on
tile povveis gianted in the Constitution.
u Resolved. That theie iia- hitheito been no pieeedentof
the admission of loioigu temtoiy into the Union by legis-
lation."
That is true; and it is a very proper position;
but the first position assumes that the acquisition
of Louisiana was without constitutional author-
ity, that the acquisition of Florida was without
constitutional authority:
Anda< the powen of leg^Jation gi.mted in the Consti-
tution of the United States to Congress do not embrace the
case of the admission of a foreign State or foreign terri-
tory by legislation into the Union, such an net of admission
would have no binding force whatever on the people of
Massachusetts.
" Resolved, That the power nevei having been granted
by the people of Massachusetts to admit into the Union
States and Territories not within the same when the Con-
stitution was adopted, icmanis with the people, and can
only be exercised in such manner as the people shall here-
after designate and appoint."
There is nullification for you, with a vengeance.
The treaty-making power is given expressly to
the President and two thirds of the Senate by the
Constitution. That treaty-making power had
been exercised in the acquisition of Louisiana in
1803, and of Florida, by John Ctuincy Adams,
when he was Secretary of State, in 1817." The ex-
ercises of the treaty-making power on these two
subjects had been sanctioned by all the depart-
ments of the Government, by the people of the
United States; and yet, in 1845, Massachusetts
fathers a resolution to nullify the treaty-making
power as vested by the Constitution, and to nul-
lify the excicisc of that power in the acquisition
of Louisiana and Florida.
Now, is not she a beautiful State, and are not
her statesmen behaving consistently, and showing
their love for the Constitution in a most eminent
degree when they set themselves up as the polit-
ical Gamaliels of the land, to teach everybody the
path of duty > Sir, I have always been opposed
to nullification; I always expect to be. I have
always been opposed to secession. 1 always in-
tend to be. My destiny is with the whole Con-
federacy. I have nailed my flag to the mast, and
if the old ship goes down, 1 will go down on her,
' and 1 will strike at the mutinous crew who would
! nullify the Constitution of the United States and
; deprive us of our rights with all the feeble pow-
ers that I have, as I would strike against Jeff
Da\is> and Toombs and all that host.
Theie arc two parties among the Republicans.
I do not know who belong to the Mountain. 1
1 have a strong suspicion of some that I behove
belong to it, and 1 know some who have declared
their sentiments and position very distinctly, out
of doors, who belong to it. But I trust and be-
lieve, and have faith and confidence, that the most
of that party are conservative, that they are dis-
posed to abide by the Constitution and its com-
■ promises, that they want it restored as it left the
1 hands of Washington, and as it has been admin-
: lsteied and adjudged by all the Presidents since,
1 and by Story and Marshall. I believe they will
take that conservative ground. I trust, for the
peace of the country and the perpetuity of the
Government, that they will. I have no idea that
they are going to act the part of extreme men.
But when it comes to such men as Greeley, and
Phillips, and Cheever, I know they are men le-
gardless of the constitutional sanction, icgardless
of justice, regardless of fiaternity, regardless of
the compi onuses of the Constitution and the rights
that were secured by it, and who are determined
, to march over the ruins of this Constitution, to
i the consummation of their nefarious projects.. I
; believe that these men who belong to the Mount-
j am will be hurled fai from power by the Union
; conservative Republican party. The men that I
have named are endeavoring to throw themselves
j at the head of that party and its movements; tliey
' want to get the political power that is wielded by
i tliatpurty. They remind me of the fable, when the
| whole host of apples went swimming down the
1 current, some of them exclaimed, " how we ap-
■ pies swim." [Laughter ]
Mr. Piesident, it has come to this, that if a man
gets up here, a Senator representing two hundred
and twenty-five thousand slaves, and at least six
hundred thousand of as devoted white people to
the Union as there are within its broad limits, and
plants himself upon the Constitution for the secu-
rity of the rights of pioperty in his country, he
is denounced, denounced in this Senate Chamber,
denounced m the newspapers, and men woik them-
selves up into a frantic passion because I had the
hardihood to say that the same law which gives
me my title to my horse and to my land gives me
my title to my slave. I give utterance to that
sentiment yet. The questions that I propounded
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, he
did not notice specially; and of the seven, he did
not notice five at all. 1 excuse him for it, because
I am satisfied that he could not notice them satis-
factorily to himself. But these gentleman g^tup
and work themselves into a rage.' Now,I am ah
earnest man; I am an ardent man. Idonot'mean
any disrespect to any gentleman in what I say.
It is my manner to be ardent; but because'I man-
ifest the ardor of my nature, gentlemen get up an#
break out into a paroxysm of denunciation -and
fury. They remind me of a mad dog when
comes right upon a pool of water, arid I think if
those gentlemen would attempt to propagate their
condition and their principles by biting like the
dog, they would have much better success than
by their speeches and arguments.
I was surprised at the course of remark indeed
in by the honorable Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson] the other day. I have great respect
for that Senator. I cherish feelings of the utmost
kindness and friendship for him. 1 must, how-
ever, be allowed to maintain the rights of prop-
erty of my own State according to my judgment
and conscience; and when I do so, 1 do not in-
tend to offend any man. The honorable Senator
from Minnesota reproaches me that our State is
now free from rebels by the prowess of north-
western men. That is true. We never have de-
nied it. We have sung their praises in the news-
papers and m our social circles. Our orisons have
gone up to heaven for their preservation and hap-
piness, because of this work of duty and of pa-
triotism and of good neighborhood that they have
executed towards us. If we had been unmind-
ful of this obligation, it would have become the
honorable Senator to vaunt it; but a brave and
generous people never remind the beneficiaries of
their promise and of their service, of the obliga-
tion that has been conferred. I do not charge the
honorable Senator from Minnesota with having
intended anything of the kind; but it looked so.
I am certain his people never intended it, and I
believe he did not. He is a fine specimen of man-
hood, physically and intellectually and in heart.
He has won a large share of my respect and es-
teem since I have been a member of this body. I
still entertain these sentiments toward him; but
when we were so loud and so unanimous in sing-
ing the praise of Minnesota, and of the whole
Northwest, and of all their chivalry in their glo-
rious deeds of arms in defense of " the bloody
land " that in former years sent forth its sons and
its soldiery to the protection of the West, it seemed
to me to be a little ungracious in my honorable
friend to remind us so ostentatiously of what we
owed to them, and what would be our condition
if they had not come to our rescue.
I believe Ohio did much more for us than Min-
nesota; I believe Illinois did much more for us
than Minnesota; and most of all, the State of In-
diana did more for us than any other State. We
had done most for that State; we had sent more
of our people, more of our sons and daughters,
moic of the blood of Kentucky (lowed through
the veins of that population than in any other
State, and therefore they felt nearer and more
kindly to us. One of the honorable Senators from
that State and myself were born within five miles
of each other. I have known him fiom his early
childhood; his father and mine were friends sixty
years ago; and I have declared often that never,
never would I bow the knee to Jeff Davis and.the
secession flag; never will I; and if the time shall
come when I cannot maintain my position as an
Amci ican freeman and citizen in the State of Ken-
tucky, I will hunt out the neighborhood of the
friend of my youth, who represents the State of
Indiana as one of its Senators in this body; but I
hope never to be driven to such a strait as that.
I am satisfied that this work of conquest in the
field will be done speedily and effectively, it is
not that war that 1 fear; it is the war upon the
Constitution that I fear. It is that which now
menaces us with every danger. The danger re-
sulting from the warriors in the field in the South
is but a phantom; but there is a spirit in the two
Houses of Congress, and ahroad in this land, that
has cultivated sedulously and boldly the sentiment
of submitting to none of the compromises of the
Constitution in relation to slavery, but to bind
slavery as a victim, and bring it bound hand and
foot and sacrifice it upon the altar. 1 tell gentle-
men they will find that they have a much harder
work than subduing Jeff Davis. I think I under-
stand something of the head and the heart of the
ficemen of this nation, even of the free States; f
know I do in the Northwest; and I know that that
numerous and invincible host that have gathered
