1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
from every household in the Northwest to uphold
the stars and the stripes and maintain the Con-
stitution, will never permit a domestic enemy,
even though under the guise of philanthropy and
humanity, to immolate the Constitution; but they
will seize it as the ark that bore the laws of Moses,
-and they will preserve it with their steel blades,
and their more invincible hearts.
I said the other day, it might have been heat-
edly, that this thing of liberating slaves and per-
mitting them to remain in the country never could
take place, I said it would lead to a war of races,
•which would result in the extermination of one or
the other. This bill is not a proper subject for a
dissertation on that point; I therefore will not say
anything further upon it, except this: I stated that
the negro race and the white race could never oc-
cupy the same country in large or anything like
equal numbers without the negro being in a state
of slavery, arid if it were otherwise, the conflict
of races would inevitably come. My experience
of the negro population, all my reading, teaches
me thattruth; and it isa truth recognized by Earl
Russell a few days ago in the British Parliament.
I will just read a single sentence from a speech
that he made on American affairs:
"Though he did everything lie could to remove the effect
of false and calumnious asseitioris agaui&tthe Federal Gov-
ernment and President Lincoln, yet iie cautiously abstained
from any incitement to tiie slaves to rise against their mas-
ters. But if, l>y any mi?lortune, it had become necessary
to vindicate our honor, if we had been obliged totake part
in this war, any hope of seeing an end to the system of sla-
very by peaceable means would have vanished. In that
case the North would have proclaimed a geneial emanci-
pation of the slaves and though it is our earnest wish that
the sin and ^tain of slavery should cease, yet there noth-
ing we should regard with greater honoi than the devasta-
tion, the burnings, the muuier, and pillage among a popu- i
lation of four millions of slaves that, in the name oflibeity
to the negro, might have been peipetrated."
There was in the West, someyearsago,aman
by the name of El wood Fisher, who anticipated the
end of our imperial and free Republic. I thought
at the time that it was a vagary of the imagina- i
tion, or of disappointed feeling; but from the I
way things are progressing I do not know that it j
may not yet come about. He wrote the epitaph j
of the Union somewhat to this effect, ifi remem- j
ber aright; "To the memory of a nation of white >
people, who in their struggle to give freedom to .
the negro race lost their own." More unlikely j
and extravagant things than that have happened. [
Mr. President, it has been frequently inquired
what brought about this war. I shall not enter
into that subject at any length, but I will tell you
what I religiously believe, that the States of Mas-
sachusetts and South Carolina and their mischiev-
ous isms have done more to bringaboutour pres-
ent troubles than all other causes. I believe that
if it had been possible to unmoor those two States
and drift them away into the ocean together, and :
let them fight out their antagonism side by side in J
some distant sea, the rest of the States would have ]
got along most harmoniously. I religiously be- j
lieve that these two States have been the hot-bed
of ambition, of religious, social, and political here- ,
sics and isms-, and they have been pressed upon
the rest of the United States with an energy and
perseverance that have brought the country to its
present great and deplorable difficulties. If there
is any people that ought to be held to a special
responsibility for the present condition of the coun- ;
try, I believe it is the people of Massachusetts ,
and of South Carolina
I approved of most of the speech made to-day
by my honoiable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] It struck chords in my heart that vibrated
to his manly and conservative tones. I wish his
counsels could seize on the minds of the moderate
portion of the Republican party. I have no hos-
tility to any of you. I never expect to fill another
office. I have got one higher than my deserts. I
have no dream, no wish beyond it. I want the
Constitution administered according to its spirit
and its letter. I want wise and just laws passed,
respecting the compromises of the Constitution
and the tights by U secured to the citizens of the
United Slates. I believe that if the modeiate Re-
publican party would disentangle themselves from
the extreme men, and would obey the behests of
the Constitution as it has been expound< d by the
courts, and by those who have preceded us, and
would excicise the political power of which they
' are now in possession, according to their own
judgment and reason and patriotism, and in fra-
ternal feeling to all the States of the Union, they
would get along without any difficulty whatever,
and would perpetuate iheir power for a consider-
able number of years. If they would act their part
upon those principles, I should have no hostdity
to them; and I would just as soon they should be
in possession of the Government and all its offices
and power, as any other party in the land.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I am too
anxious to have a vote on this bill to detain the
Senate by any remarks; and yet the Senator lias
appealed so directly to me on two or three ques-
tions, that I shall detain the Senate about five
minutes.
First, the Senator seems to have a constitutional
difficulty in regard to this bill; and I take it for
granted thatheseiiously believes we are in danger
of violating the Constitution in the passage of this
act. If he will give me his attention for a moment,
I will undertake to demonstrate that, by all the
ingenuity he can devise, and with all his great
powers of research, he cannot, if he will confine
himself to the facts in the case, dignify this prop-
osition into a respectable constitutional question.
There is no constitutional question in it. I start
with this proposition: slavery m Maryland and in
this District exists by the law of Maryland origin-
ally, and it exists in no otherwise. The fact that
Maryland passed a law establishing slavery is
conclusive upon that point. You do not go back
of it. It existed by positive statute.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, did it not exist in Maryland before
that act was passed?
Mr. MORRILL. It had no legal existence,
is my answer to that; and the fact that Mary-
land passed a statute on the subject is conclusive
evidence on that point, and those who argue other-
wise are estopped from denying it. Starting with
that position, in 1788 Maryland ceded the District
of Columbia to the United States. That cession
was absolute, unconditional; there was no reser-
vation and no limitation whatever. The legal
effect of that, the honorable Senator will agree
with me, was to vest the absolute and unqualified
title to this territory in the United States. The j
further effect of it was to transfer the absolute
and unqualified jurisdiction over the territory to
the United States. The laws of Maryland were
inoperative, of course; the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States was perfect and complete. Now, what
becomes of slavery in this District—slavery that
existed by foice of the laws of Maryland ? Why,
sir, by the act of 1801, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States undertook to extend this law of Mary-
land,and did extend it; that is, upon the assump-
tion that the law was constitutional; and slavery
was continued here. Siaveiy existed here ori-
ginally by the statute of Maryland, and slavery
was continued by the statute of the United States
of 1801. If slavery existed here to-day, it exists
by force of that statute, and in no other wise. I
ask the honorable Senator whether it is not com-
1 petent for Congress to repeal the act of 1801 with-
I out raising any constitutional question by any
1 possibility whatever, or without raising this ques-
tion of compensation for property taken? 1 ask
the honorable Senator, as a lawyer, whether he
will contend, where a statute creates simply a re-
lation between masterand slave, that that relation
is in any constitutional sense property? All we
propose is simply to repeal the act of 1801 so for
as it affects the question of slavery, and thus put
an end to it. I maintain and submit, theiefore,
with great respect to the honorable Senator, that
by no possibility whatever can he raise a consti-
tutional question on the facts in this case.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable gentleman
permit me to soy a word in answer?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. My position is this: that slavery
existed in Maryland and in all the colonies, ac-
cording to the opinion of the Supieme Court ren-
dered by Chief Justice Marshall, Judge Story,
and Judge McLean, from the origin of the colo-
nies; that it existed befoie the law of 1715, passed
by Maiyland, was enacted; that it existed inde-
; pendent of that law, and that if that law was re-
i pealed, slavery would still exist under the public
■I national law w hieh those great jtuists had decided
,j tu have crcattd slavery.
lj A single word fur ther. 1 admit that the words
|i that Congress shall have exclusive legislative ju-
jl risdiction in all cases whatsoever in this District,
i! would, by necessary implication, carry the power
to legislate on the subject of slavery, even to the
manumission of the slaves, but for the fact that
the Constitution secures the right of property to
every citizen, and forbids any power from taking
it without just compensation being made. The
honorable gentleman admits that Congress could
not take the houses and lands of persons in this
District, because of that clause of the Constitution
which provides that no citizen shall be deprived
of his property except by due process of law and
upon just compensation being made. I say that
that restiictive clause of the Constitution limits
and controls the general power of legislation vested
by the clause to which the gentleman hasieferred
in Congress, and that that restriction applies as
well to slaves as to any other description of prop-
erty, that neither a slave nor any other property
can be taken without just compensation.
Mr. MORRILL. I have so understood the hon-
orable Senator to argue before. 1 do not think he
is in the slightest danger of being misapprehended
on that position. The whole difficulty arises from
his idea of the origin and sanctions of property,
and upon that question I desire to say a single
word. I understand that the proposition the Sen-
ator maintains is this: that he has precisely the
same right to his slave that he has to his horse or
his lands, and that the ongin of the right of prop-
erty in slaves and the origin of the right of prop-
erty in lands is one and the same. It all comes
from occupation.
Mr. DAVIS. The same law gives me my right
and title to both.
Mr. MORRILL. I am aware that there are two
sets of opinions in the world in regard to this ques-
tion of property. I know that for centimes upon
centuries the idea inculcated or attempted to be ar-
gued here by the Senator from Kentucky has pre-
vailed in many nations, perhaps at some time in
ail nations, but these are not the notions common
to civilized nations. These are not the notions
common to American jurisprudence; nor are they
notions that are common to the country from
which "we originate. Instead of a man's having
the same claim, the same sanction, and the same
right to a slave that he has to his property, the law
of England, the law of the mother country and
the law of this country has always held that the
right to slaves, that property which was claimed
m slaves, was in violation of natuial right, and
was in violation of natural law. Why, sir, the
great commentator on English law—good author-
ity, I tiust, with the honorable Senator—lays
down this proposition. I have not looked at his
work with reference to this argument, but accord-
ing to my recollection he maintains this proposi-
tion: that the origin of the right of property or
dominion over property springs from the Deity.
That is his distinction. The origin of the right of
; dominion spungs from the Almighty, maker of
j heaven and earth; and there in no origin outside
. of it. When you come to the question of occu-
j pancy, that is another question altogether; but we
; are consideiing the lights of property.
| Now, the sentiments which the honorable Sen-
! ator puts forth here are sentimeius diiectly averse
| to these principles of the common law. I know
; they are opinions and pi inciples leaching far back
i into the early period of the world; but allow me
, to say to the honorable Senator they are barbai um
in their origin; they were never inculcated and
never adopted in civilized nations. Where civili-
zation has advanced, wheie the doctrines of Chris-
tian civilization are recogmzcd, these notions arc
held to be antiquated, barbarian, and they do not
enter into the jurisprudence of any civilized or
Chiistian nation on the globe.
The honorable Senator says, show me a statute
on this subject, giving me a right to my horse,
which does not give me the same right to my slave.
Well, I will refer him to a positive statute on this
subject—a statute that 1 know will command his
respect and his veneration:
" And God blessed them" 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORRILL. When 1 have read my au-
thority I will.
"And God biased them, and God said unto them.be
fiuittnl and multiply, and replenish the eaith. and ^ubdue
it; and have dominion ovei the fish of the sea, and over
the fowl of the an, and over every living thing tbatmoveth
upon the eanh."
The commentary of the great English commen-
