2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
tyler to,ship his whisky; without prepayment of
thb "duties, but to take his bond with surety con-
ditioned for the payment of them within a given
time. That, too, has its difficulties. If the dis-
tiller every ten days is to call on his friends and
his neighbors to go into bonds, and these bonds
have to be drawn and executed and delivered, it
wilf incumber the collection of this tax very much;
and tben suppose the condition of the bond is bro-
ken, forfeited: it has to be sued out, and of course
the defendant in such case, unless it was provided
for in the bond, would be entitled to the benefit of
all the stays allowed by the laws of the State in
which the manufacture took place. There are
difficulties attending that; there are difficulties
everywhere. It is a question after all whether it
would not be better in the bill to give to the distiller
a sufficient length of time after the sale to enable
him to get his returns from market. There would
be loss, I have no doubt; there would be in any
way.
Then the next question is, whether it would be
better to adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. After having given this subject a good
deal of attention, I am not prepared to say exactly
which one of these ways would be better, but I
think it is most important that one of the three
should be adopted, and that the best should be
taken, and thateverybody should understand ex-
actly all of these contingencies upon which the
proper decision of the question depends, because
from this we expect, perhaps, to get a larger
amount of internal taxation than from any other
item.
The VICE PRRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine,
who has just stepped out, offered an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, to the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois. I move to fill the blank
in the amendment of the Senator from Maine, as
to the number of days, with "sixty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The- Senator from
Maine was not understood to offer an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know he did, and lie told
me to look to it while lie was gone; he went out
to get some refreshments. If there is any doubt
about it, I will offer it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been pre-
sented to the Secretary or the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. lie told me to look after it.
A Senator. The amendment is on the Sena-
tor's desk.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator from
Maine to say that he would offer the amendment
in case the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois should not be adopted.
t Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid all misapprehen-
sion, I offer it myself; and move to fill the blank
with sixty days.
Mr. CL AIUC. The Senator from Maine wanted
forty-fivo.
Mr, SHERMAN. Yes; but I move sixty.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine proposes to amend the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, by striking out all after the
word " that," and inserting:
Distilled spinas, boor, la er boor, ale, portei. an J other
similar fermented liquois, and refined coal oil may be re-
moved for the purpose of bein^ btoied lor sale in a. place
other than the place of manufacture, after the quantity
thereof shall have been duly ascertained in the manner pro-
vided by this act, and with the written peimission ot the
eollcctoi 01 deputy collector of the district, without pay-
ment of the dutus thei eon previous to such icmova), the
owner thei eof having «*ivcn bond in the manner and
fonn directed by the Commiv-ioner of Internal llevenue,
with sufficient sureties, in at lea^t double the amount of
said duties, for the payment thei eof within days fiom
the date of said bond ; butnosnch amelohall be pounitted
to be removed as aforesaid in any ea<e whoie the per>on
desiring such permission, lu^ ai ent 01 superintendent, t-hnll
have faded to pay the duties upon any articles previously
removed under bond as afore.-aid after the same shall have
become payable, until the same, with all piopei ehar e^,
shall have been iully paid • Pro tided, That no such permis-
sion shall be given when the amount of duties does not
exceea the sum of dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to fill the first blank,
as to the numbet of days, with sixty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is rather too j
long. I do not see how it will take sixty days to j
get whisky from any place where it is manufac- !
tured to market. I
Mr. SHERMAN. By the custom of trade, a ;
little margin is always allowed for making collec- j
tions—I think ten days—in making out accounts i
between the commission merchant and the man-
ufacturer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to fill
the first blank in the amendment of the Senator
from Maine with " sixty."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to fill the other blank
with $300.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They say they only want
this privilege where the shipmentamounts to over
fifty barrels. Fifty barrels, I am told, are worth
$600. Perhaps it would be better to insert that
sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. Put it at $500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, put it at £500.
Mr. POWELL. It is better to say $300, for
there are a great many small distillers who will
be included in that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to fill the last blank
with $500.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. The amendment offered
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance, I
am inclined to think, would subject the manufac-
turers in the West to a vast amount of inconven-
ience and unnecessary trouble, and, perhaps, sub-
ject them to something that they cannot always
accomplish, requiring of them duties which they
cannot at all times perform. They are shipping
every day, or almost every day; and to be re-
quired to run around and hunt up securities every
day jn double the amount of the value of the arti-
cle they ship, would keep them constantly em-
ployed in that duty, and they might not be able
at all times to accomplish it. The other gives, I
think, better security to the Government, ship-
ping the article to the Government agent or col-
lector at the place of sale, placing it in his hands,
subject to his control, and when sold, with the
right to retain the duties out of the proceeds of
sale.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have said to the Sena-
tor that if he will accept the amendments I have
suggested, and which I think are necessary to
guard it, I shall be perfectly satisfied with that
provision, if the distilleis prefer it.
Mr. BROWNING. I was going to state fur-
ther, that I feel very much embarrassed about this
matter myself. I regret that I have not some of
the gentlemen who are interested in it here to con-
sult with. I have looked around diligently for
some of them—very intelligent men who are here
from Illinois—and I am notable this morning to
sec any one of them to consult with. This prop-
osition might be acceptable to them; I do not
know. If it were, I should be perfectly willing
to accept it. On the contrary, it might be very
distasteful to them, and subject them to a great
many inconveniences which they would not like
to submit to. I feel constrained, therefore, as far
as 1 am personally concerned, to insist on the
amendment as originally submitted by myself.
In regard to the other point of difference—the
quantity upon which the payment of duties is to
be made—I think the proposition which I have
submitted is more just, both to the manufacturer
and to the Government, than the percentage or
drawback allowed by the original bill. That may
approximate ccrtainty, but it does not attain cer-
tainty. In some instances it may be too much,
in others it will be too little,and itdoesnotequal-
ize the duties among the different manufacturers.
From the concurring testimony of all who have
spoken to me on the subject, 1 have no doubt there
is a very large amount of loss by leakage, soak-
age, and evaporation, on the transit of the arti-
cle from the place of manufacture to the place of
sale. Now, the amendment which I have submit-
ted, I think, furnishes every possible guarantee
to the Government. It is to be subjected to the
inspection of the collector of the place where the
sale is to be made, the quantity to be ascertained
by him, or under his direction, so that there can
be no fraud unless he becomes a party to it; and
with any precaution which the chairman of the
committee thinks proper to take to prevent frauds
dimng the passage of the article from the place of
shipment to the place of consignment. I think it
would be more just to the Government and man-
ufacturer, both, to let the quantity be ascertained
at the place of sale, and have the duties paid on
the exact quantity, the precise amount in all in-
stances; not compel one man to pay on more than i
he actually has, and permit another to pay on less. I
I would, therefore, prefer that that provision
should be retained, not objecting to any guaran-
tees the Government chooses to require, that are
reasonable, against frauds on the way between
the place of shipment and the place of consign-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is utterly impossible
to make them.
Mr. BROWNING. I think it would be as
easy to make them under the operation of the
amendment as it would be if it were notadopted.
If it is anticipated that frauds will be committed in
some way to diminish the amount by substitu-
tion of one barrel for another between the place of
shipment and the place of consignment, it would
as easily be done without this amendment as with
it, and every precaution that can be taken to pre-
vent that under the original bill can, with like
facility and like security, be taken under the
operation of the amendment. Whatever it may
be deemed necessary to do to accomplish that, [
have no objection to; but I certainly think it would
be far more equitable and proper to demand pay-
ment of duties upon the actual quantity than upon
an assumed and uncertain quantity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator, pro-
vided that they are not inspected and examined
before they are sent away, what will prevent half
being taken out of the barrels before they are sent
away?
Mr. BROWNING. I do not object to a pro-
vision to guard against that. The original bill
provides for that. The manufacturers wish to get
rid of it; but I have no objection to it, if it is
proper.
Mr, FESSENDEN. You provide that after it
gets to the place of destination, it shall be inspect-
ed. They may draw-half of it on the way, and
if the duties were paid only on what reached the
market in that way, the Government would be the
loser.
Mr, BROWNING. I am only desirous to do
equal justice between the Government and those
who have to pay the taxes. I certainly do not
want to secure any advantage to the people of the
West that is not common to the people of any
part of the country. I am perfectly willing to
assent to anything that is fair; and if they re-
quiicd anything else, I would not do it for them,
I want it to be so guarded that they can commit
no frauds. If it is believed—and J submit it to
the Senate—that the proposition would be a dan-
gerous one to permit the inspection to take place
at the place of sale, of course the Senate will not
adopt it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have said to the Sena-
tor that if he will allow the amendments to be made
which I have suggested, I shall have no objection
to his proposition; but on the contrary, 1 like it
very well.
Mr. BROWNING. But the proposition of the
chairman of the committee does not provide, I
think, for the ascertainment of the quantity at the
place of sale. It assumes the loss before the arti-
cle is shipped. If it is supposed all around that
that is the best way to guard the interests of all
the parties concerned, it ought to be adopted; but
it looked to me, and it does still, as if it would be
more just to pay on the actual quantity, if there is
a reasonable mode of ascertaining that actual quan-
tity without fraud and imposition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. To that matter I have
paid some attention. My attention was called to
it at an early day. There are losses by leakage
and by damage in transit, but all that belongs to
the risks of trade. I think the only way we can
get an exact, true, and fixed revenue withoutgreat
machinery, is to ascertain the terms and conditions
out of which we derive the revenue at the place of
production, and although-parties shipping from
the West to the eastern markets are subject to the
risks of trade, subject to breakage and leakage,
yet, after all, it is much better that we should let
that go into the general risk of business. I wish
to say that I feel somewhat a common interest
with the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator
from Illinois; I believe agood deal in the corn trade;
but after having carefully considered it, my atten-
tion having been dtawn to it by gentlemen engaged
in the business, I have not been able to convince
myselfoiher than that it was best to allow all these
chances to be taken and avetaged in the risk of a
business, and that there was no exact way of de-
riving revenue from the manufacture of this arti-
