482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Indian Affairs. -Tmdve, therefore, that--the vote-
jyy'whichthe bill was referred to the Committee
of Waysand Means be reconsidered, and that it
,be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
"The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and the
bill was then referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs,
. MPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back House
bill No. 150, making appropriations for the-con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending the
30th of June, 1862, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto. I ask that the amendments be
considered now.
Mi*. MAYNARD. I suggest that they had bet-
ter be considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. If the amendments make
appropriations they must be considered in the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
if any gentleman insists upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. Does any one object to their
being taken up in the House?
The SPEAKER. A gentleman on the right of
the Chair objects; and the bill and amendments
must, therefore, go,to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the amend-
ments of the Senate add anything to the appro-
priations. I do not now remember how that is.
The SPEAKER. Any bill oivamendment ap-
propriating money must first be considered in
Committee of the Whole.
Mi% WASHBURNE. I would suggest that
we should read along with the amendments until
we reach those amendments that contain appro-
priations. '■*
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee insist on his point of order?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that as a general
rule these bills should be considered in the'Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state oft he Union, and
1 see no reason for departing from that rule in
this case.
t The SPEAKER. The point of order being in-
sisted on, tho bill is referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of considering
the amendments of the Senate now.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. Maynard in the chair,) and proceeded to
consider the amendments of the Senate to tho con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Pago 2, line twenty-six, after the woid "dollar^ insert;
For compensation to the nueipretcr to the consulate at
Kanavvag.i,
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Puge 2, lino thirty, strike out the word " eighty,'" and in-
sert the words "one hundred."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 3, line fifty-seven, strike out the word {< Simoda."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 3, lmo fifty-eight, at'ter the words " Frankfoit-on-
the-Mamc," insert the woid Florence."
Mr. COX. I move to disagree to that amend-
ment of the Senate. It is the same that the House
. rejected when the bill was here originally, ci eating
the office of consul general at Florence to enable
some gentleman to have a pleasant time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It will ho remem-
bered that when this bill was up for consideration
in Committee of the Whole a few days since, a j
proposition was brought forward by the honora- 1
bie member from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
to insert among the consuls general a consul gen-
eral at Florence, and it was pioposed to give him
a salary of $2,000 a year. A gentleman upon the
opposite side of the House informed the commit-
tee that the present incumbent of this office ac-
cepted it upon an understanding that he was to
receive no salary whatever; and he was stated to
be a gentleman of great wealth, abundantly able
to hold the office without compensation, and one
who sought it for the position which it would give
him in the society of Florence. Upon hearing
that statement, the committee with entire unanim-
ity struck out the appropriation, and the bill now
comes back to us from the Senate with a proposi-
tion to give this officer a salary of #1,000 a year.
I have risen to express the opinion that no com-
pensation whatever should be given to the consul
general at Florence, provided it shall be deemed
advisable to create that office, of which 1 entertain
very serious doubts.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The office
already exists.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is stated by the
honorable member from Massachusetts before mc
that the office already exists. I have taken a little
pains, Mr.^Chairman, to ascertain how this office
of consul general at Florence came to exist, acid
I have been unable to ascertain when the office
was first created, or that, in fact, it has been cre-
ated at all. I find, by reference to the report of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, under date of
May 22, 1860, that the then Secretary of State,
Mr. Cass, in a letter which he addressed to that
committee, informed them that applications had
been made by American residents for the estab-
lishment of a consulate at Florence, for the con-
venience of the numerous American citizens re-
siding in that, city, but an exequatur could never
be obtained from the Tuscan Government. The
annexation of Tuscany to Sardinia removed that
impediment, and, with a view to the establish-
ment of a consulate there, it was recommended
that compensation should be allowed for the office
at the rate of $1,500 per annum. The last Con-
gress refused to moke such an appiopriation, arid
it is for us to decide whether there is anything in
the condition of the country to induce us to make
an appropriation which was refused by that Con-
gress. *
There is, sir, no commercial business to be done
in the city of Florence; Leghorn, 1 may remark,
being the commercial port of what was formerly
the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, and is now a part
of the Kingdom of Sardinia. The Secretary of
State gave the correct version of this whole mat-
ter when he said that the consulate—not consul
generalship—was asked for the convenience of
numerous Amencan citizens residing in that city
and he might have added for the convenience of
other American citizens traveling through that
city, the sole duty of this officer being to exam-
ine, or, as it is technically called on the continent
of Europe, to vise the passports of travelers.
Now, sir, this officer receives fees at present for
the performance of this duty, and I submit that
lie should be left, in accordance with the under-
standing existing at the time of his appointment,
to receive those lues, and that he should receive
no other compensation whatever. 1 hope the
amendment of the Senate will be disagreed to.
Mr. ICELLOGOr, of Illinois. I entirely concur
in what has been said by the gentleman from New
York in relation to the impropriety of now chang-
ing the character of this consulate for the purpose,
as I suppose, of giving a* salary to the gentleman
who holds the office, and thus voiding what seems
to have been the understanding at the time of his
appointment.
1 am not disposed to enter into a discussion here
whether it is necessary to have a consulate at Flor-
ence or not. Probably it is convenient for trav-
elers from this countiy that there should be one
there, and I am willing that the matter should re-
main as I understand it now is, giving fees to the
consul when he has any duties to perform. That
is the present condition of this position or office,
and I um willing that it should so lemain. I un-
derstand, Mr. Chdiiman, that when disappoint-
ment waft made to the person who now holds the
office, there were a number of persons anxious for
the place. Ihit the triends of the incumbent urged
on the consideration of the President 
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I should like the gentle--
man to permit me to inquue who is this consul.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I believe he is a
gentleman from Massachusetts
A Member. Mr. Lawrence, of Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was remarking,
Mr. Chairman, that it was said at the time of the
appointment that many persons desired the place,
and that it was urged on the consideration of the
President that the present incumbent was a man
of wealth, a man of leisure, a man who desired to
reside abroad, that the compensation to be attached
to the office was of no consequence to him, and that
it required a gentleman of wealth to sustain him-
self in that city in a becoming manner. While I
cannotsay that the appointment was made on that
condition, I can say that it was understood by
many of my friends that the reason why they did
not obtain the position was that it was proper,
under the circumstances, to give it to this gentle-
man, and that the Government would never be
called upon to appropriate money, in the way of
salary, for the post. Whether I was right or
wrong in that impression I do not know, but such
was the impression made on my mind by the
statements which I heard at the time. I think it,
therefore, improper and unjust, through the ma-
chinery of the Senate amendment, to change the
character of the consulate, and to give a salary to
an officer who, when he sought the appointment,
thought that no salary was requisite. I am there-
fore opposed to this amendment, and have thought
it right to make this statement to the committee.
For the considerations which I have stated, and
believing that there is no necessity for changing
the character of the consulate at Florence, I shall
vote against the Senate amendment.
Mr/ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With great pleas-
ure.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Illinois whether the incum-
bent or appointee of this place has sailed, and en-
tered on his duties, or whether he is still in this
country, so that he can decline or accept the office
if, without a salary, it is not acceptable to him ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am not able to
give the information asked; but 1 would inquire
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Cockling] if such is the case; for, I presume,
from the manner of his question, that he undei-
staiuls the circumstances? Will the gentleman
say whether that is so or not? [A pause.] Will
my friend answer ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I had no idea,
Mr. Chairman, that 1 would be called upon to afford
any light to a gentleman so ready and supplied
with knowledge as my friend from Illinois, and one
who is evidently so thoroughly versed in all the
science and circumstances relating to the consul
generalship of Florence. But, as he appeals to
me for a piece of information which he, no doubt,
has himself, I will say, with great frankness, that
I understand that the gentleman whom he has
named is in the country, and, indeed, in the cap-
ital of the country, and is now m a condition—if
there was any mistake about the terms on which
this place was asked and given—to permit some
friend, whose need is greater than his own, to take
the office if he does not want it himself.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am obliged to
the gentleman from New York more for the in-
formation given than for the compliment paid me,
for 1 must assume that it was rather ironical. It
seems pretty palpable, Mr. Chairman, that the
distinguished gentleman in question is in the city,
waning for his place—I do not say to get a salary.
I suppose and believe that he is so patriotic that if
he cannot well go without a salary he will give
the place to some of the thousands of men who
are so patriotic as to be anxious to serve the coun-
try in almost any capacity that has the name of
| office attached to it
' Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not suppose that
I it is the intention of the Committee to concur in
j this amendment, and as we have had enough de-
: bate upon it, I move that the Committee rise for
! the purpose of closing debate m live minutes,
j Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like to
| say a few words before the debate is closed.
I Mr. TRAIN. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will withdraw his motion. I should like to
say a few words in reference to this matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As I am applied to on
ail sides, 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
at the last extra session of Congress authority
